SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you doing? Wow.
SPEAKER_L: and putting them warm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: was that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you for a second. I can hear you though. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm
SPEAKER_L: Hey Michelle.
SPEAKER_R: Cheryl.
SPEAKER_L: Oh was it again? Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry. Cheryl. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you Cheryl.
SPEAKER_R: Like this. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes I should. Well thank you. Got time we're going to remind you. See I I yeah I do that and then I have like 30 minutes of anxiety for some reason. Is this your how many times have you done this
SPEAKER_R: This is my 3rd time.
SPEAKER_L: their time you're having like no shows?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I have not. Have you. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: no shows
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and uh yesterday I had one and she showed up but there was technical issues and I could see her and hear her, she wasn't responding to me and she don't think she could see me or hear me. I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: like I was feeling a little bit like a creeper just sitting there like watching this lady, I was like you know trying to like say something to her. But eventually she like just kind of gave up and started to just look at her notes and she had like a binder, she started right and I was like she's not even trying to trouble, she says I'm like this is never going to happen. But I gave it some time and yeah, nothing. It was weird. I was I was just like watching you know like Youtube and I had read it up and I was like just trying to, you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: should
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: never try anything almost. It was like a test on me or something because I started like talking to her. I was like, I wonder if this is like some weird like what would you do if someone wasn't there? But I was just getting my head, I was like, you know, trying to make up stupid breaks.
SPEAKER_R: I could totally see that just to see how you, like, are you going to try to fix the situation? Are you gonna still attempt to do like whatever the study objective is or just like
SPEAKER_L: tried troubleshooting everything like my headset. If I unplug it a little bit, there's this little and that is tied to it makes a loud, horrible sound. I was like I want to see if she can actually hear me because no one could you know, not react to this horrible sound. Stone face. She's either like psychopath and I really couldn't see her here. Maybe I could tell. Um
SPEAKER_R: Please tell me you have had other good experiences with, you mentioned like 44, you've done this four times already. Have you actually had someone to show up and? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know you were my fourth actual person, but I've had four times where they didn't show up. Yeah, it was intense. Like the first person I met was was great. The second person was a little like you're very kind of like the Mueller I guess like a person. We we kind of had some things but he was like a family guy and uh we didn't meet all the way we were seeing completely idea. And then the third one was like much different little older lady. She was like in a different part of the I mean everyone from different country, it doesn't matter, but she was like different lifestyle and then I started to like pick away at it and then we found some really good common things, she had like a homestead going and I was like, oh great, I totally waste time looking at instead of stuff, randomly tiny
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: homes and weird stuff,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: The sad
SPEAKER_R: what is homestead?
SPEAKER_L: homestead is like you have a little plot of land and you like kind of live off of it, so you sort of are a little more independent, maybe home setting is like you want to do solar and have like your own battery bank for like main source of electricity, you wanna have a farm and garden and making your own stuff. So she was like a garden, she had some chickens moved into a 25 acre land, I was like Jesus, she's like a corporate like Kind of Lady Before. It's like very
SPEAKER_R: And that,
SPEAKER_L: classic. Like, well now I live in 25 acres, which is like ridiculously big. I just got a farm, It's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: In that old group pick
SPEAKER_L: I,
SPEAKER_R: up the picture.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's like totally something. See the thing is I want to be away, but I also want like really fast internet because I'm like really techie and so like I want to be away from everyone, but give me like, you know, fiber. So she had like power to her street. And then she also had like fiber internet and I was like, like what perfect,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you're fine. It's the luckiest thing ever. It's like, I'm very jealous. You got to rent me out one of those acres of land. But yeah, that was cool. Um, have you met any cool people, Nice people.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. I mean like you're only my third one. Like my very first one, Like, you know, we're talking about the pandemic. And like most of the time, like he was like, he was like a college kid as well. Like most of the time he was talking to me about, you know, his long distance relationship and like,
SPEAKER_L: Let
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: me tell you from my long business relationship. No.
SPEAKER_R: It's like 20 minutes just talking. I mean that's completely fine. Like I'm glad that he can like get things off his chest because it didn't seem like, you know, like he had like a lot of people, he seems kind of lonely so just like pandemic was really hitting him hard and it was nice to like talk to him. And it's I mean it seemed really like,
SPEAKER_L: You felt like a nice shoulder for him too. Like his
SPEAKER_R: it felt
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: he's on
SPEAKER_R: uh definitely. And then my second one, like we were just talking about like, like doing like prolific and how the first guy that he did this video chat thing with, he said he claims he made £400 a month, so it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: impressive.
SPEAKER_L: prolific period or doing online stuff.
SPEAKER_R: we're just prolific. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: That's hard core. I don't think because for me, whenever I do prolific, I feel like it throttles you uh after you start making so much, I'm like that's, I'm kind of on top of it and I think I made like 100 bucks like over a week or you know, a little over a week. So maybe that's the thing that could be possible, but uh it always throttles me. So I always, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: think that's
SPEAKER_L: get that many.
SPEAKER_R: week as well about like 100 lb. So I don't know what,
SPEAKER_L: this is like
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: four
SPEAKER_L: money
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: maker.
SPEAKER_R: 5 computers going yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: profiles. So
SPEAKER_L: So you're in college. I take it
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm finishing up the medical school. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: do you want, what do you be striving for? What do you want to be?
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to do general practice, family Medicine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. It's an interesting time to be driving for something like that.
SPEAKER_R: indefinitely. I mean just like,
SPEAKER_L: Getting health care is uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: stressful as it is. You want to add
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like crazy stuff on top of it.
SPEAKER_R: they put like a, like they stopped rotations for like we have to do clinical Z. And they kind of stop that for a while, like at that, like the beginning of the pandemic. So they started letting us come back to the hospital in august. But yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: was just,
SPEAKER_L: to be an atmosphere. It's got to be uh man. Just really what we want to do is sucks.
SPEAKER_R: I was like, yeah, but then like they were saying that people who have been helping out like with the pandemic, they're gonna, they're, they're like, they put in their putting into effect some bill that would wave um uh student loan. So it's like yes please.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. No I've heard some, some talk. Oh yeah. Where are you? Where you at? You
SPEAKER_R: California,
SPEAKER_L: mentioned that California? Where in California?
SPEAKER_R: southern California riverside. He
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: of that.
SPEAKER_L: too fond, I'm not too like aware of the specifics but I got a buddy that I talked to online for a while that he lives in southern California. He was in Chino area so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, pretty close to that. Well, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I always wanted to go visit them and I always wanted to uh I'm like the most american. Like do you put his things that I want to do with people? Because I have a lot of online friends. I'm like, you know what the great who came here if we went to like, all the local fast food places. I'm like, that sounds so fucking stupid. Like if I really want you to try water burger and like, like yeah, it's dumb. Things like that. I'm from texas. So uh
SPEAKER_R: I actually tried what a bigger for the first time last year, but it was in Tallahassee, it wasn't in texas and from here,
SPEAKER_L: what was it? What you get what you think?
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember. It was like a,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you know what you just stop?
SPEAKER_R: it's what I tried a few things from the menu just and it was really good, but I'm still like an in and out person.
SPEAKER_L: See that's that's the apples and oranges thing to me because in and
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: out is very like avery, I like in and out. We have in and out now and and that was kind of, you know, cool. But
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: uh I was like, what's all this in and out of? What's all this about? They got good fries, shakes, They have like a simple menu. Their burgers were like a little baby burgers. I was like, what is this is good? And then I was like okay, it's really savory, kind of sweet. And then you have like water burger which is like, you know, they're both burgers but they're kind of different, like a water burger is like a mustard burger has a totally different style and that's a huge to like giant biggest burgers,
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is something I can appreciate, like really good flavor,
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: good port
SPEAKER_L: your money's worth out of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what is your favorite thing on the menu?
SPEAKER_L: Uh water burger. So I like a straight up water burgers. So they are definitely like burger king and like yeah put all whatever you want on and you will jalapenos and all this, but I'll take it straight like, you know, just a standard burger, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cheese and you know that's good. Um Let me tell you about why as funny you mentioned that, but I was in a long distance relationship so I'm not gonna go in 20 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, you
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: lived
SPEAKER_R: things out I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: she lived in pennsylvania and whenever we were visiting I'd go up there and she come down here and the first thing that I did was totally the thing that was think before I wanted to show or the shitty the fast food places that was over here. Like look at our fast food places for exchanging culture. This is american culture and and she well one thing, she didn't have like certain things. I wanted to take your taco cabana and water burger. These are like two things. I was like you come down here, I want to do this. So it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: so when she had her first Waterbury experience she was like well I wonder how this is gonna be. I was like I know I'm really worried too worried about like if you actually like it. And then she had and she was like oh she loves it, she craves it all the time and we like totally a thing now and talk cabana, it's like Only
SPEAKER_R: cop
SPEAKER_L: like one thing
SPEAKER_R: and uh
SPEAKER_L: taco cabana. Yeah. Yeah you guys have taco cabana is over there right
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard of it. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: It's like a thing that's like right in between like a restaurant and like fast food like it sits in the middle. It's got like, it's kind of more expensive is definitely the most expensive like fast food place I think you can probably go to. But the thing that they do is they make homemade tortillas which is like, I'm like big fan of homemade tortillas. Once you have homemade tortillas,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: never think of like store bought tortillas ever again because it's totally different thing. So they actually have like a giant machine machine dedicated to pumping out like fresh tortillas for that store. And they are good, they are almost better than what I can make at home. Which is infuriating because I'm like what are they doing? But they make the best homemade style tortillas of any fast food place ever. There's like tortilla factories and stuff and they don't even make good tortillas. This fast food place nails it. So yeah, it costs like $34 for Tacos, ridiculously expensive,
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: like $50 for like 12 of them or something. And uh it's just like the heat of tacos and they're amazing. So I was like whenever
SPEAKER_R: Is it
SPEAKER_L: the California
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: friend
SPEAKER_R: knew
SPEAKER_L: comes
SPEAKER_R: everything
SPEAKER_L: to visit,
SPEAKER_R: about the taco that makes it worth? But well
SPEAKER_L: well I'm sorry I didn't hear the first part.
SPEAKER_R: oh I said is it just the tortilla that makes it really amazing or
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: is it like
SPEAKER_L: heat of meat is like well seasoned and it's like perfectly tender. It's like nail that. So yeah, it's good. Just simple tortilla. I mean I put some PICO on it, you know it's fine. Good. You like a lot of like means California. You guys gotta have like so much hispanic like culture
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: stuff there. Like what do you say?
SPEAKER_R: I said yeah, definitely so much. I'm like trying like I had like a friend come out here recently, I'm like yeah, we're gonna like meat and like, wow, why is it like she's like, is there anything else besides mexican? I'm like, oh I don't know most of the places that I really love her? Mexico?
SPEAKER_L: you're like what? Okay. Obviously we
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: need to keep
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: this long distance
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: because that shit just broke my heart. We are going to all these mexican restaurants and I don't hear any bitching from you. Mexican is like comfort food man, it's like just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: greasy,
SPEAKER_R: what's weird.
SPEAKER_L: delicious, horrible for you are reclogging like food. That's like that's why every hispanic person is diabetic because it can't stop eating this good food. So it doesn't like mexican food. She didn't have mexican food up there, she had a place or something. But whenever I came down here she's like there's mexican food ever. So yeah, it's like tex Mex, it's like thing. So like this sub genre of like mexican food. So she like, oh man, I'm like I don't have any spanish skills at all. I don't know any spanish. But there's this like restaurant at this lake, um very spanish fast food restaurant. And they have like whole chickens. That might be like a thing that's over there too. They're like chickens, like a whole chicken or half chicken, that's the thing. They also have like tacos and stuff and it's like man, we ordered one of everything style of taco there, I butchered every name and it was horrible. I was like give me the, oh that one over there and then like um someone corrected her on the pronouncing of or china and she was not, she was not pronouncing that correctly actually. It's uh not horchata. Okay, so that was good. But whatever the food was good, we're just too scared to go back, but you know, maybe door dash it or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's hilarious.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been a good and she's like greek food is really big bear and it's not like I'm not
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and pennsylvania's and they have a lot of indian food too. So she, he's been like introducing me to some of that because I wasn't always well versed in that kind of food. So it's been kind of cool
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: entered.
SPEAKER_R: is your favorite food?
SPEAKER_L: What's my favorite
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: food? Oh, I, I grew up, you know,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: magic family. So it's, it's like tex Mex mexican stuff like that. I love that. I make it all that stuff is good. So yeah, I kind of try to cook a lot of things. You do a lot of cooking. I like cooking and plant things.
SPEAKER_R: me too. I feel like all the things I tried, I like it's like mexican I think
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: a product of my environment.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is that jim Gaffigan joke of like, you know, cheese, tortilla meat and sauce or something in different combinations. And it's like, it sounds very say me, but they all got their own places. I uh, so I'm I can't eat a lot of random stuff like that anymore because I jumped on the keto train with my lady
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: friend.
SPEAKER_R: going with uh
SPEAKER_L: And uh I've been uh attempting to try different things for the health of me because I'm a snag you know this we get diabetes by just existing so I'm
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: I got to maybe, you know,
SPEAKER_R: talk?
SPEAKER_L: head this off, trying to do something healthier for me. So no carbs, no sugars and stuff. That's a big change.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: long have you been doing that now
SPEAKER_L: three months slowly
SPEAKER_R: girl?
SPEAKER_L: getting into it, I was like kind of introduced myself, getting
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: ideas
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: if I would be, and then like now I'm like way more strict with it. Um but yesterday I tried a recipe that was tortillas. So uh it was delicious. Oh my God, it was made
SPEAKER_R: From
SPEAKER_L: with corn, corn, of course it's not made of corn and it's the worst thing ever, But it was made with a coconut flour and almond flour and xanthan gum and like apple cider vinegar and then an egg is really simple. You just like process it and then you let it sit and you kind of massage it a little bit super sticky. It kind of reminds you of corn tortillas. If you ever made corn tortillas. Um
SPEAKER_R: No. Well
SPEAKER_L: corn tortillas are like the baby is the most thing you have, the baby. The most like a flour tortilla, you know is glutinous stretches. It's pliable corn tortillas are like pressed sand whenever you make them. They just disintegrate and fall apart if you're too rough with them. So that's kind of have that sort of texture. And I have made corn tortillas and I have like a tortilla press and I was like he's a tortilla press. I was like awesome, I'm going to use this thing. So I like did that all up. And we made like tacos real simple tacos. And oh my god, it was amazing. I can't recommend it enough. It was so good. Even just as like a different kind of taco,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: a different experience. Because you know corn tortillas have a real strong corn flavor. Even if you're used to it, like you'll you'll miss it whenever you have something like this. It tastes good. Corn tortillas are awesome. I love them but I can't have them. This was so reminiscent, the texture was there. They handled exactly like it. And oh my god if you ever you know get real bored, you should try a keto tortilla because it's a
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: healthier for you. And also tastes pretty
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: know tortilla. Yeah, definitely. Do
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you make
SPEAKER_L: two carbs
SPEAKER_R: usually
SPEAKER_L: for treated. They make
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: web.
SPEAKER_R: like do you usually make like, I mean like I know you like you just said that you made you made like a corn like kato, do you ever like by the store bought stuff or do you always try?
SPEAKER_L: No no we have uh I don't know if they have them over there. It's like a texas thing but uh we have an H. E. B. That is like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: store
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: for the area. Yeah that's a regional, that's a texas pride kind of thing. But they have low carb tortillas. Costco has some low card stuff there, like breads and things and
SPEAKER_R: More keto stuff at Costco. I just never tried that. I was just I mean like now there's like so many like keto products out there. I just thought like you know, I was just like you pretty much like you know do your own thing and like eat whatever you have. But I mean I guess it's more easy that there's more keto products available,
SPEAKER_L: I mean whenever I went on and like a diet or something like before this I was man I lost like £100 by just restricted my calories and working out every now and then and whenever I decided to do that. The thing that I cut out first was like bread and
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: tortillas.
SPEAKER_R: thing?
SPEAKER_L: It's like and the thing that I crave the most is I do it was so bad. I would make sandwiches out of anything like whatever it is he's going bread or tortilla or whatever. I don't care. It was like the worst habit to break and I still feel that now. So like then you dial it back even more because I would have rice but like a proper like proportion the mouth and then I would have bread. But like, you know, just occasionally now that
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: dial is turned all the way zero, I can't have any of that is one slice of bread and you're like a third or half of your carb intake for the day. So uh, have like something that can put something in. It's like something that's like mentally broken in me. I need to like put something in something and eat it. Okay, so that tortillas experiences good and like making Zundel's, he likes doodles. I tried it and I was like,
SPEAKER_R: Little.
SPEAKER_L: I make things for her that I don't necessarily like, but then she's like, oh, this is great, I'm good because I don't like it. I don't know. I think
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I thought I'd do a good job. She's
SPEAKER_R: we'll
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: these dudes are awesome. I'm like tastes like garbage to me. But I guess if you like on this good now I tried those oodles and I was like, those are okay. But uh different had like cucumber like crackers, put that thing down there, like some like salad or something like this is kind of that experience of like putting something on a cracker and eating it. So you know, it's different if you like tolerant, then you're screwed honestly because half of my diet is like dairy yeah, like cheeses and cream and stuff like that. Yeah, I'm going on about keto, but it's like
SPEAKER_R: It's really
SPEAKER_L: depression.
SPEAKER_R: interesting to me. I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like I
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: ever
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: always considered it like the whole can't make that commitment. Like I just need my carbs but
SPEAKER_L: whenever I think about it, I'm the same way I'm like this garbage diet. She was doing it, she's done it for like a while
SPEAKER_R: longer
SPEAKER_L: and,
SPEAKER_R: than you have.
SPEAKER_L: and uh I've only done it recently so she had like a lot of skills and she has some ideas of what to eat and stuff. But for me, I was like, I can't picture what the hell I'm going to be eating. And she's like, well every morning I have an egg or you know, I think boiled eggs for like, you know, and then I have another, I'm like, I don't eat eggs, I don't like it. I like,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I like an egg and then I use eggs and things all the time, but I don't eat just an egg. I think it tastes like bland and boring. And then every morning I'm making her breakfast, I'm making her an omelet and I don't know how to cook eggs. So I'm like nervous, I'm like, I don't know if that stuff so bad and then I'm gonna make an omelet and then all stuck and I was like scrambled eggs. It is, and then the next day I'm like I'm gonna look up some tips and then I started to like this one tip about making an omelet is like you lift up the edges as you go and cook it and that was it, that was the tip I need, it was perfect master omelet maker now, so I'm making the omelets and they're pretty nice, they got cheese and bacon bits and they have like a sausage patty in there and they're all dead up my pillow, partially on, it looks all pretty on instagram ready, like quality food that I made for for the record, she's like, oh my God, that's amazing. And like I take a little little nibble out of it, like what is this? It's good. And then now I'm eating eggs Like I think for 25 years of my life I never considered an egg and now I have like four different ways of making an egg that I like, you know what eggs are? Okay, I feel like an idiot. I'm like I could have been eating eggs and enjoying them for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. We'll check you out, you're evolving and what it's
SPEAKER_L: definitely trying things over now. You gotta, you know like a restaurant, you go there, you have a bad experience and then you don't just like dismiss that you got to go back and have another bad experience and then you hate it, never go there again, but you gotta like attempted a couple of times before you just say and eggs or something that I just like passed away and there were but back baby and they're good Trying to egg them pretty good. Go through two giant cartons of eggs a week. Like ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: I guess like eggs are big staple of the keto diet, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No carbs is a lot of protein and they fill you up. That almond will rest in me for a long time. Met. Makes you feel you don't think about it cause you're not hungry I guess.
SPEAKER_R: And so funny because like before like I haven't had breakfast and before I went to this uh this video child like man, I really want an omelet. I'm like I have the eggs out there ready. Like I'm ready to like that's what I'm going to have as soon as I'm done with this.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. So you, so you also are an omelet master then? Yeah. I had to learn.
SPEAKER_R: Love
SPEAKER_L: What do you make
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: your own? How many step by step? How you make your own? What? I want to hear it because I have it down to a science now. How I
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: do it
SPEAKER_R: I like to take a bowl and I crack a few eggs in it and then I season a bit and then I start to like
SPEAKER_L: up. You're being too vague. What the season with salt pepper, What you're doing?
SPEAKER_R: um a bit of salt. I like crushed red pepper flakes. And um have you been trader joe's? You know like the everything but the bagel seasoning
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know exactly. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: that I put a bit of that and then I whisk it all up and then I heat up my pan, put a bit of oil in and
SPEAKER_L: Oil?
SPEAKER_R: I just. Yeah. Yes I do E. V. 00
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. Extra version. Gotcha. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah put a bit of that in and then um which looks like a little bit hot you know just enough like you can feel like the surfaces like hot and then I throw it in there and um mhm. You know like I wait till like you know like the sides are a little bit like they're like cooked and I kind of lift
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: when I like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the middle is still like running and stuff and that's like the time like you know like I like throw in like different things like I don't know it depends what I have like mostly I just definitely cheese and whatever ingredients.
SPEAKER_L: And I'm great for like, what do I get it? Okay. Yeah, sure that goes in an online and it's like, you know, baked beans, like whatever. Yeah. At that point you put whatever you want in there.
SPEAKER_R: Anything an anomaly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's a great thing about omelets are so versatile. It could just leftovers, whatever. Just
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: it in there.
SPEAKER_R: is your omelet making process the same or how how does it differ?
SPEAKER_L: uh, it's similar. So I totally have it. Like, I really do have it down to like, this is what I do.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: uh, what would you say?
SPEAKER_R: but I need to know
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Uh, well it's uh, I
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: have to, I have two eggs, crack
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and put them in a bowl. I put a shot of cream in their heavy whipping cream. I put one pinch of assault or 1/4 of a teaspoon and I put some pepper in there, set up, set it to the side. I have like different ways of doing it. But now we've gotten lazy. I have a sausage patty that's like frozen sausage patty, ready to go in the microwave, get that warmed up, then I cut it up into little pieces, put that to the side. Then I have cheese which was even going real hard on that. Fiesta blanks. It tastes amazing. And
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: then I have some real bacon bits. Those are over there. Got the pan the entire time is sitting there with uh super low heat in preheated because it will stick if you don't. It's horrible the nightmare that you have scrambled eggs. And then of course, you know this and then I put one tablespoon of butter in there unsalted that go and swirl it around, make surface completely covered, then the eggs go in and immediately the cheese, the bacon bits and the sausage that was preheated. Warm and cut, go in there. I just let it sit starts to get up to temperature and as he gets up the temperature, the sides start to want to firm up have like a silicon silicon spatula that I used to like go under the edge and lift up and then I tilt the pan towards it. All the liquids kind of get under there and I go through that each side just go all the way around it, lift it up, built it, let it get in there, it's kind of off the stove now, I let it sit the time you're done doing that, it's like kind of wet and you know, cheese is melting everything is combined and then I like right out of the pan, flip it halfway, you get that perfect omelet. Look, put a little parsley on it and a little pepper on top of that, and that's hers for mine. Same thing, except I put like some hot sauce on it, like drizzle a little strands of hot sauce. So I'm like super weird. But I guess because I was like what is that thing that uh japanese or anime or whatever? You
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: see like an omelet that has like like something on top of it was like what
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: is that? It's got, that was cool,
SPEAKER_R: funny because I was like, I was thinking about that, the Exactly. Exactly,
SPEAKER_L: it's you know what it is, the stupidest thing. I was like what is this gonna be some sauce? What is it like a week and salary kind of visit spiciest ketchup. I'm like ketchup that's on there and shut
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: up. I was like this can't be it. I kept searching and like it's ketchup, ketchup, ketchup, what's the ketchup? Like whatever. And uh I like ketchup is fine, I tried it with some ketchup, it's totally fine. Pickle whatever. But I had like this mango, habanero hot sauce from H. E. B. Bomb ass hot sauce and I just do those fancy little cute lines on it and I'm good to go. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I have a lot
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: of inspiration for, right after this video.
SPEAKER_L: that's my Oh yeah, I know if you're fixing go into it. That's that's the thing. Yeah, I wish I could show you pictures because I, you're so proud. I was like, look at this on my show, my friend, look at the all is pretty. I don't ever cook eggs. Look, I was so proud
SPEAKER_R: Talking
SPEAKER_L: of my only when I first made it the, the foundation of a good breakfast. Taquitos, like an egg. So if you ever do keto good that you have a love for eggs because even hard boiled or soft boiled eggs are like perfect snack sheets. Like two of those cheese sticks, you gotta really like cheese sticks like cheese and people
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: aren't
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: into it. You have cheese Good.
SPEAKER_R: I will,
SPEAKER_L: Well keto will welcome you with open arms. That's fine.
SPEAKER_R: I like it. I think it was just uh pretty much me take like afraid of taking that first step.
SPEAKER_L: It's a commitment and there's going to be ingredients that, that you have to like. Yeah, there's no way you're gonna have xanthan gum on flour, coconut flour, coconut husks. There's no way you're gonna have these things that are like, oh yeah, I love that. You know, I make a great coconut husk pie. No one has these things. You have to go to a health food store. She works at the health food store. It was like perfect. Perfect for getting all those random ingredients. Yeah, you don't have to, it doesn't cost that much either and you end up saving money to honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was also afraid of that like maybe I had to like spend a lot more buying products that I wouldn't normally bye, but it
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: seems.
SPEAKER_L: me is the foundation to, it's like, that's like the big like thing that you can fall back on. It's like, oh, I can eat like any kind of meat. So if you like, We need a lot of chicken because it's just cheap. We're on a tight budget, so we are like our grocery budget is like $50 a week. So if you can make that work, if we can make that work then you can make it work. There's no, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know way that you can. Yeah, it's not a budget issue really. Once you sort of get some foundations, that flower stuff last for a while, it's just doing it. Sometimes it's fun. And dude, I felt horrible, I'm not gonna lie, there's there's negatives to it too. I didn't feel great whenever
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: I was like really deep into it, getting really like uh curious with it, counting carbs and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: And there's a point where I was like, oh it's a diet that I gained weight, it's a diet where I gained weight and I feel horrible. She's like, well, you know, maybe it's just you're actually getting used to it and whatever and I was like, yeah, I'm gonna keep going, we'll see. And then um I felt pretty feel good now, I feel like I'm not hungry. And the foods like it's just that shift in that diet is really significant. Green beans, that's like a delicacy when you're in kyoto cars and green beans.
SPEAKER_R: I had no idea. Really,
SPEAKER_L: It's stupid. It's like, she's like, oh, you what a luxurious sweet treat green beans that you're going to have today. I'm like, why is it so bad for you? I just have so many carbs, it's not bad. It's like eight, but then that's like eight out of 20 is a lot And you have 20 a day and eight of us being taken up by green beans,
SPEAKER_R: How many different vegetables and like whatever
SPEAKER_L: You like
SPEAKER_R: other,
SPEAKER_L: carrots gone. Never again, never know you want to eat a carrot, you better like playing around it because carrots were too sweet. That's that's the level. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: here's the big thing, cauliflower and broccoli or like foundations. If you don't like one of those then you're screwed. I feel like I love broccoli. So that's good. Spinach is really good too. So I really prefer spinach salad over any kind of salad. So I really lucked out and it was like spinach and broccoli where like super super super good for keto and I was like well I love that was so great. Um
SPEAKER_R: Do you find yourself like like eating like the same things every, every day or like you actively
SPEAKER_L: No not
SPEAKER_R: try
SPEAKER_L: every day I find myself eating the same things just because I'm like slowly like and now he's trying to cook more things for myself. We have a bread recipe. I want to try. Um Let me tell you if you buy keto bread. She's expensive. Dude, it's
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: like $12
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: for a loaf. That's this big.
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: And the
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: bread slices are we had, we made a
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: grilled cheese with this bread that we got for free from our work, which is great. I was like, we can never, you know the spread. Stupid, expensive. I was going to cook some but I wasn't gonna buy it. You got two loafs is like, they're worth their weight in gold there like $30 dollars worth of bread. So we were able to try. This is Julian bread. Don't, don't search. There's a, there's a youtube video and I'm saying bill search. You should definitely search afterwards Julian bread
SPEAKER_R: Julian.
SPEAKER_L: because about Julian. Yeah, about eight years ago they did their recipe different. And this guy was used to buying it. He bought a box, it was full Julian bread months worth of Julian bread that was going to freeze and he tried it with his wife and they're like, I don't know what happened. But they changed the recipe. The whole video just just absolutely destroying Julian bread for how bad they fucked up their recipe. He had one slice of bread and he could like wet it, wring it out and it would come out and be perfect like loaf again. But he's going around like wiping the counter with the bread. He goes, he's like wiping something off of his daughter, like some jam that spilled on her. He's like using like a sponge. He goes to the toilet and he's got some like little toilet cleaning session there and squeezes it. Perhaps his car on, it squeezes out. It's like the same slice of bread, thankfully. It's not like that anymore. But that's funny. I was like, she was talking about it like this keto breath is awesome. I was like, that name sounds familiar. It's Julian bread. I was like, isn't that that funny video? I showed you the bread that doesn't actually behave like bread. She's like, no, I pulled it up. She's like kind of a bitch. It is that same bread was like, yeah but when we try to it's probably not. Whenever you look at the video it has a certain texture. It's different now but it's okay now
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you can make a grilled cheese that was delicious. How long have you been going? We've known for a while. I talked to this one lady for an hour. I talked to the first lady for about 50 minutes. I got her instagram and we still talked. So actually met like someone that I'm keeping tabs with the middle guy was like amateur. You talked about like video games. Actually every person I talked to, I talked a little bit about video games.
SPEAKER_R: What do you play? Yeah, I see your setup back there or people?
SPEAKER_L: that hurts that up where she plays and then I got my setup which is in front of me and I play, so we played together, we met playing games and then uh sales. Uh Yeah, good matter playing breasts.
SPEAKER_R: Rust.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't recommend looking up. That's the most vile toxic game you've ever seen. This is so vile. But within this shit game we met each other. And then yeah on that happened. The
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: underwater burger eight Easy 8 A. W.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely to try water burger again, definitely only just the one time. And I mean I enjoyed it but like I also didn't really know it was like a big thing. I was like this place looks kind of cool. Let me just go try that out. Like oh this is the thing that everyone talks about like
SPEAKER_L: there's some texas pride with everything in texas. He and you gotta watch out how you talk about water burger in certain groups. But yeah, I think I really enjoy waterbird, I'm biased I guess. But water work is good and now it's good to see I'm not like, you know, I'm not like everything's got to be a goddamn competition, but they're both good for different reasons. I like water burger I like in and out.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Like um what are those other ones always compare that with Like five guys and shake check and I'm like I love all of them. Do I have to choose one?
SPEAKER_L: See that's something I don't know because like, I've never been to a five Guys or shake Shack.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: You know five years out there? You just
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: are, I just don't ever I never went to like the family style restaurants or any restaurants growing up. And when I got older, I just started cooking everything I had like this black
SPEAKER_R: Face.
SPEAKER_L: hole of like, I don't know what any of this stuff is, and I always put it up, like higher than it is. So whenever I have it, I'm like, Applebee's just like whatever. Like, I don't know why did I think Applebee's was amazing. So like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me too.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of, a lot of restaurants that I'm like, it's got to be good right now. I am like, I cook better than this, whatever sounds super elitist, but I end up getting disappointed at the time.
SPEAKER_R: I think like chain like Applebee's and chili's and stuff like in friday's like it's, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I never had that growing up. So like always it was like very mysterious and then when I got older and I like, well let's go to chili's and I was like that, it's not when I built up in my head, I guess,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I did you
SPEAKER_L: which is dumb.
SPEAKER_R: lot growing up. Is that where you,
SPEAKER_L: Is that what growing up?
SPEAKER_R: did your family cook a lot when you're growing up?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we were poor and we were dirt cheap everything. It was like, yeah, it's whenever you, we went out it was like, we were gonna get at Mcdonald's, you get like a burger, what do you get? Taco Bell? You get like a burrito, you never got numbered things and you never got like anything that was not the super bare essentials, super low, whatever the cheapest shit is there. So yeah, we cook a lot. I think that influenced me on me wanting to cook a lot.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. And it seems like which is like awesome. Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no it's it's
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: definitely let's
SPEAKER_R: fire.
SPEAKER_L: kill out of necessity though, so it's like, oh I gotta cook, I was like latchkey kids, so when I was 10 I was like, you know, cooking boxes of mac and cheese or whatever, but yeah, you just do it because you have to and then you kind of appreciate it later. Well if I got one more tip for you, if you have a rice cooker because
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: if you don't go kato then you gotta get a rice cooker. I put my rice cooker up and it made me sad. What kind of kind of a rice cooker you got, you got the little little one little pot and it's got the little paddle, little glass top, like a crock pot. Look you're fucking up, I'm sorry to tell you, it's horrible,
SPEAKER_R: Now
SPEAKER_L: you're fucking up, it's horrible, you got upgrade. Gotta get you one of those. Oh, Jerusha she uh rice cookers.
SPEAKER_R: do you have one of those? Of course I'm asian of course because kind of a rice cookers put
SPEAKER_L: Has
SPEAKER_R: the one right now is like a small one just for single serving because you know or like smaller service because those are all, It's like for like a family of five.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man, I was making rice for like, wow, I haven't done an al ko actually, but I used to do a lot of milk prep, but I had like a Zoe's Arushi cooker and I was like, I wanna I wanna invest, I'm gonna get a nice rice cooker. And then oh my god changed my life. I was like sushi rice, those arushi cooker, it's like, I can't go back, there's nothing compares. It was amazing. So then I put it on a high shelf and I'm like, goodbye, not have rice anymore. Bummer, I love Zoe's Arushi rice cookers and man, sushi rice is phenomenal. So good.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. See she
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: sounds yeah.
SPEAKER_L: her make sushi rice when I went to visit her the first time, we shouldn't have a rice cooker, we had to put in a pan. I was like oh it's gonna grew up, it was perfect delicious. You got sold on sushi rice. She never turned back. She's like I don't like rice. I'm like that's like a five year old saying I don't like chicken. Like that doesn't make sense, right? You're gonna have to try
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: this, you're going to like it.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. No sense. Sorry
SPEAKER_L: What's going
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: on over
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: there?
SPEAKER_R: I have my laptop up in a candle and I accidentally knocked it up.
SPEAKER_L: Well if they're I mean I'm I'm good to go more but if you got things to do, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: up to you.
SPEAKER_R: I can tell um
SPEAKER_L: I said
SPEAKER_R: I like one of the most animated conversations I had with a stranger.
SPEAKER_L: I like talking to people and then I'm also like an introvert, I don't like talking to people. But when I do I try to actually like you know try like I'll try to like talk and get to know you learn things bounce off like I can talk to anyone but if it's like you know out in the wild or you know at work or whatever, I'm pretty much to myself, you
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: know, I like talking but then I don't like talking to people. It's weird, it's a hard thing to do.
SPEAKER_R: it's the same way too. I'm like, I enjoy it but I'm like, I'm not going to like actively seek it. Um But yeah, I was like,
SPEAKER_L: I've done this before. These hits like anxiety hits because I'm not doing anything because I'm trying to like blow piss away time, like it's coming, it's coming, it's coming and it's five minutes like how do you be ready? So I don't do anything, I'm just sitting here just thinking about it and then the anxiety builds and I'm like what
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: if the person is horrible? The last one I had was borderline horrible and I was just staring. They're sitting there staring at someone, I'm like what are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: the troubleshooting one. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she seems like very like,
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: oh man, if I had to talk to her she seemed horrible. I mean that's mean to say but it's like he seems
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: so Braddy. I was like uh like whatever
SPEAKER_R: you're like in a video chat and like, you know, you're well into it and you're not even going to try to That's just awkward. I don't
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: has
SPEAKER_R: if I would.
SPEAKER_L: to build a test
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: dude, like
SPEAKER_R: Anyone there?
SPEAKER_L: coin toss. I think it's probably they're testing me to see if I would just immediately be like shit talking or something. I told the first chick, so I had another video call, I told her everything and I was like I think I was like being kind of shitty. She was like what if they were testing to see if you're being kind of shit? And I was like I was just being playfully shitty though so it wasn't really that bad. I didn't drop like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: a big like
SPEAKER_R: next
SPEAKER_L: it was like
SPEAKER_R: week.
SPEAKER_L: you asshole do something. I was just like like I would be nice if you tried to troubleshoot it and I'm just sitting here talking to myself like a psychopath looking. I read it well I guess you're not gonna do anything and I have to go soon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yes. What did you say you're living?
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: What did you say that you do for a living? What do you do outside
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: of your? Really?
SPEAKER_L: thing was I'm not unemployed now. It's because of Covid before that me and my lady friend, we were working together at an amazon warehouse, so we were like in a place that you definitely wouldn't want to be in for something like that. Very tight packed sardines work with a lot of people. Um
SPEAKER_R: And like,
SPEAKER_L: The weird, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I, I know like, you know, like there's a lot of um, I've done a lot of like ads for that and stuff and um you know, like at the height of like being pathetic, there was like a lot of talk about treatment in amazon warehouses. Is that like part
SPEAKER_L: yeah, going for an hour about amazon warehouses. But yeah, they were like desperately trying to get things together. It was a it was a moment where I was trying to go, I was working days, I was trying to switch to overnight and then
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: the meeting?
SPEAKER_L: was having to try to go overnight. So we were both doing this transition right when it was starting to get real and they're really trying to come up with procedures and different things and social distancing and people were kind of like fighting it and it was really annoying and there was a lot of stress for her and one day I came home and she was like you can't go there, I'm not going there, you can't go there. So yeah, like a pack attack in the middle of the night right before I was going to go to bed and I was like well none of this shit's worth that. So I guess we'll just not do this anymore. Well did it because we have the same schedules. We had three days off and all that. But start getting like notifications on your phone about uh people would become sick, confirmed. There was a someone's confirmed with Covid. We're going to let people that working around them though informed them. And if you become symptomatic then you stay home and blah blah blah. And then you get one of those, every first one hits you. Like that's crazy. It's
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: again and again, it's like multiple day and it's like oh my god, if this uh so
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: yeah it was just I can tell you a lot about amazon man. That place is crazy if in place to work before
SPEAKER_R: Like a
SPEAKER_L: that. I uh
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: I told my friend, I was like I'm gonna start working at amazon I think. And he was like why? I was like, I think it might be the worst shop I ever will work, but I'm gonna do it I guess. And he was like we'll find out like it sucks
SPEAKER_R: Mr
SPEAKER_L: here for all kinds of reasons. That's true, It's bad. So yeah before that I was I was working for a doctor, I was working overnight for doing medical records and I did that for a long time. But uh go from that where I was sitting on my ass all day to get to a place where you're standing literally all day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Made like the major extremes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god, it's a It's a 10 hour day. I worked there for like years. I can't think of like how many hours I work, it's like 10 hour days. And then when you work overtime it's like turns it into like a 11 hour day and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's rough
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: man. You get three days off though, but you need one day to just do nothing and recover and then you have a regular weekend like everyone else where you can like you know do things but that first stage is like uh huh recovering.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Is your feet eventually adjust to that being on your feet all day?
SPEAKER_L: and then they don't and then they do and then you're like you buy like really expensive like Brooke shoes or whatever, like the running shoes and you're like, well this is better, but you get fatigued, you just get fatigued and you can't build up sometimes for something like that, it's just 10 hours is a lot, no matter what, even if you're in shape, we went in there with like different people and we all got to know each other. Actually had like a really cool person that I was really friendly with for a long time. And like our legs are calves and stuff. Like I started noticing they started getting bigger by the end of it that these beefcake legs, like man, we're all like super beefcake, like our legs are all like crazy fucking muscular now after working here for a couple of months, so you'll build up, you'll be able to walk for days after that, you'll build up your leg muscles.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I've never, I mean, I've only like read about it through like news articles,
SPEAKER_L: The most
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: negative things you see are coming from a very specific like Category and Amazon's facilities, there's like four different types of facilities and within those there's
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: like 10 different jobs. The worst things are like pickers. That's the things that you see articles written about. These
SPEAKER_R: cowboy.
SPEAKER_L: are people that walk up and down aisles filled with shells of random things sorted in no particular manner. They have a little scanner and it says you need to go to F- 75-75 the way the fuck over there, you have to walk there and you need to do it fast because you have a rate, you have a rate of how many things you pick and if
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: you don't keep your rate up and you get written up and it is very like non personal. Your number, you have X amount of flags that use trigger, you get a write up, you do it again, you get fired. People buried on top of their shit whenever they're going around picking the thing that sucks is because it's so it just sucks. You have a thing that's way over there, you go there, you pick it up, you think the next thing they'll be an algorithm that tells you, oh well there's something that's next to you or near you is always random. And the thing that you just got is now sending you to places where you just came from,
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: it's like stupid. So it's not stupid if you didn't get like so severely like penalized for not being on top of it. And then you have people that don't want to take their breaks, you get a break. No one ever says you can't have a break, but if you go on break and you're not picking then you're like uh if you were to go on a break then you'll be fine if you're doing your job correctly. But if you slack or you need to get up a little bit make your average go up then you need to keep working. So then you have people that push past the break, continue to work so they get their numbers up so they don't get their asses fired from a job they probably need. So then you have people pissing in bottles and all that shit comes from. The worst of
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: this like yeah the president bottles. Things like the big straw for a lot of media coverage. You saw a lot of people talking about that and it's these pickers like these are the worst jobs of amazon.
SPEAKER_R: wow. What did you have to do there? You didn't have to pick, did you?
SPEAKER_L: No our facility even have picking. Our facility was a facility that sent things to other facilities a package down and send them out. We were the front line facility that would get uh containers and containers. We get trucks full of things that got broken down and sent to the facilities. And we were spread out so we got the raw version of it. Other facilities are getting specific things that they need because people are buying it and they're shipping out to. People were sending things that they need to the facilities so they can fulfill them. Um I kind of started it was like different jobs. I started off with Getting those boxes straight from the truck and then you open them up and they're filled with 50 of whatever they're filled with Big quantity of whatever that item is. And then I split it up into 16 different facilities, scan it, you put it into a box that's dedicated towards the facility and then I was prepping it to any of that glass stuff, anything that needs like some protection. I was like you know I put in a bag so it wouldn't leak or putting in a bubble bag so it wouldn't break. And then you put it in a facility and then you fill it up and push it out. And my job was to do that quickly. You have a rate depending on how much you scan and prep and put together and send out that's the percent truckloads up close to facilities and they send it to your home. Um
SPEAKER_R: yes,
SPEAKER_L: And then after a while you realize like things don't let me scan and you have to troubleshoot it. So I eventually became a problem solver and they're like they go around and help people to have issues. So by the end of it I was just going around troubleshooting for people basically so they wouldn't have to do it and they can continue to scan and just move shit. Just go, go, go, go go. If you weren't moving like at least 100 items an hour then you were messing up. And that doesn't seem hard but
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: happened,
SPEAKER_L: a revolving door. You see so many people go out, you make friends there and then they begun. I saw people walked out. I saw people walked out for stealing. I saw
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: quit. I saw people stealing. I saw people, I didn't see people but I heard about people boning boning happens in amazon.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: The trucks boning happens at amazon especially at night. People got fired for going at it and the loading trucks all the time. It was crazy weird place, weird place
SPEAKER_R: There's definitely, how do they have enough time to do that? Are there no cameras in there?
SPEAKER_L: cameras everywhere. And then there's cameras that are fake cameras but the trucks
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: are like kind of private I guess the most private besides the bathroom. But there's a camera that these two people walk in there and then they walk out that's like easy. But to people working in a truck is not, you know weird so you can get away with it.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: It is interesting. There's a lot of interesting things that came from amazon that I learned about. I never worked in a warehouse like that. So I was ready to get my ass kicked and hate it and I uh I got my ass kicked and I hated that job. You talked to anyone like job sucks right there like fuck yeah, I see it worked. It's like everyone knows everyone is aware you just do it because it was if you ever worked at amazon, if you ever, if you personally you ever needed a job, you're really fucking down in your look and you needed money fast. You could get signed up with amazon and start working within a week and there's no background, there's no resume, there's no interview, you go in, you start working immediately, you start getting paid and their benefits for like dental and vision to help. All that shit is really really good there for X. Amount of time. So I got glasses and each and all that stuff was great. Really affordable. And then you also start you off at like Now it's kind of becoming the norm but like $15 is like pretty good for like a bad job so all that you suck it up and do it and people ate it but you know it's wrinkled. Just enough benefits to get people to come back I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well good to know from every position.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah if you ever like really hits the fan or something, amazon will hire you on immediately and then you'll have money while you figure out what you're gonna do next. This is definitely not the place you go to retire except for the people that are truly cycle paths. I mean there are people there, you get a little badges, you have a badge and it has a color outline, the color, it indicates how long you've been there. So I was looking for people who have been there for five years. I never saw one.
SPEAKER_R: The world just rely on that
SPEAKER_L: I was just like,
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: man,
SPEAKER_R: short
SPEAKER_L: there's no
SPEAKER_R: term,
SPEAKER_L: vet, no one stays
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's crazy. I'm sure like there must be similar conditions and other warehouses than like walmart.
SPEAKER_L: and the song seems to be a better kind of warehouse. My first job was like a walmart retail job. So I know the retail side of that, but the warehouse aspect amazon actually pays way better the most warehouses and a lot of those things that like how long you work your three days off? All that is pretty similar when you work in other areas. Like a, when I talk to people there, they talk about working at kohl's tractor supply company or whatever. There's target warehouses. They all came from different warehouses. They all had similar conditions of amazon paid the most, had the best benefits and stuff. So it was actually a good warehouse job. It still sucked. Yeah. What do you, have you ever worked? Well, keep going, we're
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: keep this ball going. I don't know. What do you got
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: planned
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: for the day
SPEAKER_R: 12. Well, I just have my ahmed thing and then I have to go Get ready to go in that one.
SPEAKER_L: At 12? It's like, you know
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: the beat. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm gonna go in like seven minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. seven minutes. I will tell me about the job that you've had. You ever had? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: He worked yet? Never done like a little thing.
SPEAKER_R: Their work.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean this is kind of work. Would you say that every time I talk and you talk? I don't hear you. It's really annoying. What was that first little part you said?
SPEAKER_R: I said I've done a lot of like volunteer stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Oh what have you volunteered for?
SPEAKER_R: Um like I spent 33 years at a food bank, so
SPEAKER_L: What was that like?
SPEAKER_R: a food bank. Uh It was it was really cool like, you know, like I I got to do like rotate around wherever I wanted to go. So I tried a little bit of like food sorting and packing and stuff which is cool, like eat more hands on stuff. But I like to hang out in the office a lot with like, like most of volunteers are like senior citizens, so it's really like
SPEAKER_L: It makes sense. They want something to do right. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So I loved hanging out with them. So I go out to like the office and like we do like office stuff, like fold papers, like to send out to like mailers for like more donations or like just like getting like the word out and stuff. So I think for the most part, like I just really like hanging out with those ladies. So
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: that yeah, I did that. I also volunteered at a husky farm, which is pretty cool,
SPEAKER_L: huh. What? Fire
SPEAKER_R: husky.
SPEAKER_L: husky? Fire wire. That sounds cute.
SPEAKER_R: that was like out in like the middle of nowhere Norway, which was really cool. It was
SPEAKER_L: Our
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: school.
SPEAKER_R: 40, 40 dogs. And
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: did you do
SPEAKER_R: I like it was
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: like me
SPEAKER_L: them?
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Read
SPEAKER_R: another
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: partner. So we like got up early in the morning, you know, just made her rounds trying to feed everybody and you know, pick up dog poo. But like, you know, like thing is like, I've never been like that many dogs you know in my life. So it's just like the thing is like, you know like when
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you feel
SPEAKER_L: yappy. You hear like a little barks and stuff like constantly making noises. That sounds kind of cute.
SPEAKER_R: yeah sometimes they are some some do, some are like pretty patient and like you like we feed them like we give them like a I don't know like we have to like check like their tail bones to make sure like oh do you need a bit more food today? Do you need to do
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: we have
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: ever
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: like groom him or anything? You're brushing your terminal? Um Or anything.
SPEAKER_R: it was in the summer so like they had to shed their summer coats so we always had to like they they there was always a lot of
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: hair.
SPEAKER_L: like tumbling with like hair flowing around. I feel like it would be like a bunch of hair.
SPEAKER_R: Yes definitely. And it's cool because I'm like also in the summer like we take them out to like the lake to the, to the other side of the camp and I just love to swim and like they have like this like this innate like sense to like run. Like as soon as you put on a leash or like a harness, it's like, yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: ready to
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: bill. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: It's like a whole like mentality. So I thought that was really interesting to see like, you know, when you like see like I did a rod or whatever and people bring up concerns about, you know, abuse, like why are you guys doing that? But they really have like this.
SPEAKER_L: Like in their genes they just gotta go,
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: gotta
SPEAKER_R: soon
SPEAKER_L: go fast,
SPEAKER_R: as soon as like you pull out the harnesses, they already know and they're just like going crazy.
SPEAKER_L: super excited. I mean even dog, like if you pull out like a little issue like he ready for walking, you know, tackling you so like, yeah, you know, especially worker dogs like yeah, they have to work sometimes. Like yeah, german
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: shepherds and stuff. They got energy. They need to burn like I bet it's even like yeah, more so with them. That's cool. That's fun. Actually get caught up in that. How did that happen?
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Like a school thing with what's going on with that?
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: How do you start taking care of little dog goes and stuff? That sounds fun.
SPEAKER_R: So like, you know, after I did my undergrad, I was like, no, I needed, I wanted to travel some more and like I travel around south America and whatever, I'm like, what else can I do? Like where else can I go? So like I was traveling around europe looking for like things to do and I was like, oh look like they have like an opening here at this husky farm.
SPEAKER_L: Let's keep firing. Yeah, I'll do that
SPEAKER_R: like well like the middle of whatever Norway just hang out there and it was really interesting was when I got in there like I've never been to like anywhere rural before like before that experience. So like I flew into this tiny airport, unlike, unlike a Cessna, I had to take a bus to another city and then when I got there I had to hitchhike or like either hitchhike.
SPEAKER_L: And ride a mule and five miles up the mountain. That's fun.
SPEAKER_R: I had to go to the local facebook page to see if anyone was traveling from this small ass talent to another small ass village.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's kind of spooky too though. You feel really like out there at that point.
SPEAKER_R: like that was like, you know, like I've never like done that kind of thing or hitchhike before, but like that was like one of this, like I felt so safe there. Everyone knows each other and it's like nothing like strange. Like,
SPEAKER_L: And now the smiles, it's not like
SPEAKER_R: Uh, I'd like to get into town from like the farm. It's either like I bike like five miles or I can hitchhike or take a canoe into town. So
SPEAKER_L: thank you, can you shut up? That sounds really cool.
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: Fun.
SPEAKER_R: like one of the funniest things I've ever done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, that's a story. Yeah. Tell people about the time you took care of skis. Fun. That's cool. Yeah, I think we've had a good chat. Think we did it.
SPEAKER_R: definitely enjoyed that one.
SPEAKER_L: We've been going for an hour or so,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that was definitely
SPEAKER_L: dreads.
SPEAKER_R: the longest I've ever done. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't sure if I, if I uh you and too much or I'm either like talking way too much or I'm like interrogating like, what about this? What have you done about this stuff? So I don't know what kind of balance
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: that struck here, but
SPEAKER_R: I feel like interrogate or that you were like overbearing or like you were just talking too much. I thought it was, I thought it was a good mix. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I put it right in the middle. Good mix. I
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: to make,
SPEAKER_L: talk too much. They didn't, I never know. I've become really self conscious when I do that. I'm like, I don't know. Maybe I was a little bit, maybe I'm not very warm. We'll do like, thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I thought you were like ridiculous. I mean like I read some of the other guys that I had like, it was pretty warm, but like you're deaf like way warmer, definitely. I you're easy.
SPEAKER_L: I could use a confidence boost. Good job. You did
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: are easy to connect with and yeah, you made me laugh a lot. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have fun talking to you too. And
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: never we'll never meet again.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: ships passing in the night. All right. Well, you gotta go. So, I guess we should wrap it up saying goodbyes. It was fun talking to you, though. I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: enjoyed it. And uh I hope you have a good rest of the day.
SPEAKER_R: you too keep going kiddo. You've got this.
SPEAKER_L: You should try it.
SPEAKER_R: I'm thinking about it.
SPEAKER_L: Do it. Look at tortillas. You'll be good.
SPEAKER_R: I will. I'm going to
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: look up, what am I supposed to youtube? Oh, Julian.
SPEAKER_L: Julian bakery. Yeah. Look at that video. It'll make you not want to have it. But you should because they're okay.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: know. I'm intrigued now.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.