Hi, how are you doing? Wow.
was that?
Hi, I'm
Cheryl.
Oh sorry. Cheryl. Yeah.
Like this. Yeah. Yeah.
This is my 3rd time.
Uh No, I have not. Have you. Mhm
What?
Well
what?
that's
good.
I could totally see that just to see how you, like, are you going to try to fix the situation? Are you gonna still attempt to do like whatever the study objective is or just like
Please tell me you have had other good experiences with, you mentioned like 44, you've done this four times already. Have you actually had someone to show up and? Yeah.
What?
Well,
what is homestead?
And that,
In that old group pick
up the picture.
What?
mm hmm. I mean like you're only my third one. Like my very first one, Like, you know, we're talking about the pandemic. And like most of the time, like he was like, he was like a college kid as well. Like most of the time he was talking to me about, you know, his long distance relationship and like,
like
It's like 20 minutes just talking. I mean that's completely fine. Like I'm glad that he can like get things off his chest because it didn't seem like, you know, like he had like a lot of people, he seems kind of lonely so just like pandemic was really hitting him hard and it was nice to like talk to him. And it's I mean it seemed really like,
it felt
like
uh definitely. And then my second one, like we were just talking about like, like doing like prolific and how the first guy that he did this video chat thing with, he said he claims he made £400 a month, so it's pretty
impressive.
we're just prolific. Oh.
I
think that's
week as well about like 100 lb. So I don't know what,
what,
Like
four
or
5 computers going yeah,
profiles. So
yeah, I'm finishing up the medical school. Mhm.
I'm going to do general practice, family Medicine. Mhm.
indefinitely. I mean just like,
Mhm.
No,
they put like a, like they stopped rotations for like we have to do clinical Z. And they kind of stop that for a while, like at that, like the beginning of the pandemic. So they started letting us come back to the hospital in august. But yeah, I
was just,
I was like, yeah, but then like they were saying that people who have been helping out like with the pandemic, they're gonna, they're, they're like, they put in their putting into effect some bill that would wave um uh student loan. So it's like yes please.
California,
southern California riverside. He
heard
of that.
Oh yeah, pretty close to that. Well, yeah.
I actually tried what a bigger for the first time last year, but it was in Tallahassee, it wasn't in texas and from here,
I don't remember. It was like a,
it's what I tried a few things from the menu just and it was really good, but I'm still like an in and out person.
No,
no.
That
is something I can appreciate, like really good flavor,
good port
what is your favorite thing on the menu?
No, no, you
know
things out I'm here.
And
cop
and uh
I've never heard of it. I don't know.
that's
how
I know.
Is it
you
knew
everything
about the taco that makes it worth? But well
oh I said is it just the tortilla that makes it really amazing or
is it like
All
I said yeah, definitely so much. I'm like trying like I had like a friend come out here recently, I'm like yeah, we're gonna like meat and like, wow, why is it like she's like, is there anything else besides mexican? I'm like, oh I don't know most of the places that I really love her? Mexico?
No,
no,
no.
that's
what's weird.
That's hilarious.
pennsylvania.
What
is your favorite food?
What?
What?
me too. I feel like all the things I tried, I like it's like mexican I think
a product of my environment.
I'm
going with uh
is
that
talk?
How
long have you been doing that now
girl?
That's
also
From
No. Well
I
like
I,
you
know tortilla. Yeah, definitely. Do
you make
usually
or
like
like do you usually make like, I mean like I know you like you just said that you made you made like a corn like kato, do you ever like by the store bought stuff or do you always try?
I
don't
have.
More keto stuff at Costco. I just never tried that. I was just I mean like now there's like so many like keto products out there. I just thought like you know, I was just like you pretty much like you know do your own thing and like eat whatever you have. But I mean I guess it's more easy that there's more keto products available,
What
thing?
What?
Little.
I
we'll
have.
It's really
interesting to me. I'm
like I
don't
know,
I've
always considered it like the whole can't make that commitment. Like I just need my carbs but
longer
than you have.
What?
Uh huh. We'll check you out, you're evolving and what it's
I guess like eggs are big staple of the keto diet, right?
And so funny because like before like I haven't had breakfast and before I went to this uh this video child like man, I really want an omelet. I'm like I have the eggs out there ready. Like I'm ready to like that's what I'm going to have as soon as I'm done with this.
Love
it.
No,
I like to take a bowl and I crack a few eggs in it and then I season a bit and then I start to like
um a bit of salt. I like crushed red pepper flakes. And um have you been trader joe's? You know like the everything but the bagel seasoning
that I put a bit of that and then I whisk it all up and then I heat up my pan, put a bit of oil in and
I just. Yeah. Yes I do E. V. 00
yeah put a bit of that in and then um which looks like a little bit hot you know just enough like you can feel like the surfaces like hot and then I throw it in there and um mhm. You know like I wait till like you know like the sides are a little bit like they're like cooked and I kind of lift
it
the middle is still like running and stuff and that's like the time like you know like I like throw in like different things like I don't know it depends what I have like mostly I just definitely cheese and whatever ingredients.
Anything an anomaly.
Is
your
is your omelet making process the same or how how does it differ?
No
no
but I need to know
hey.
What?
I'm
some
work.
All
funny because I was like, I was thinking about that, the Exactly. Exactly,
And
I have a lot
of inspiration for, right after this video.
Talking
You
know?
I will,
I like it. I think it was just uh pretty much me take like afraid of taking that first step.
Yeah, I was also afraid of that like maybe I had to like spend a lot more buying products that I wouldn't normally bye, but it
seems.
I
Or
What?
I had no idea. Really,
How many different vegetables and like whatever
other,
Oh.
Do you find yourself like like eating like the same things every, every day or like you actively
try
well
what
I've
never
mm.
Julian.
No.
What do you play? Yeah, I see your setup back there or people?
Rust.
No.
I definitely to try water burger again, definitely only just the one time. And I mean I enjoyed it but like I also didn't really know it was like a big thing. I was like this place looks kind of cool. Let me just go try that out. Like oh this is the thing that everyone talks about like
Uh huh Like um what are those other ones always compare that with Like five guys and shake check and I'm like I love all of them. Do I have to choose one?
What?
You know five years out there? You just
have
Face.
Yeah, me too.
I think like chain like Applebee's and chili's and stuff like in friday's like it's, I don't know.
Yeah. I did you
lot growing up. Is that where you,
did your family cook a lot when you're growing up?
Yes. And it seems like which is like awesome. Like
my
fire.
do.
Now
do you have one of those? Of course I'm asian of course because kind of a rice cookers put
the one right now is like a small one just for single serving because you know or like smaller service because those are all, It's like for like a family of five.
definitely. See she
sounds yeah.
Thanks.
Absolutely. No sense. Sorry
about
that.
I have my laptop up in a candle and I accidentally knocked it up.
I
I can tell um
I like one of the most animated conversations I had with a stranger.
No.
it's the same way too. I'm like, I enjoy it but I'm like, I'm not going to like actively seek it. Um But yeah, I was like,
One.
the troubleshooting one. Mm
Come on.
Well
you're like in a video chat and like, you know, you're well into it and you're not even going to try to That's just awkward. I don't
know
if I would.
huh.
Anyone there?
like
next
week.
yes. What did you say you're living?
What did you say that you do for a living? What do you do outside
of your? Really?
And like,
I'm sorry. I, I know like, you know, like there's a lot of um, I've done a lot of like ads for that and stuff and um you know, like at the height of like being pathetic, there was like a lot of talk about treatment in amazon warehouses. Is that like part
at
the meeting?
Or
mm
Like a
okay.
Mr
Yeah. Made like the major extremes.
What?
What?
Mhm. Is your feet eventually adjust to that being on your feet all day?
interesting. I've never, I mean, I've only like read about it through like news articles,
but
Problem.
cowboy.
Well,
well,
What?
wow. What did you have to do there? You didn't have to pick, did you?
yes,
It
happened,
I
think,
What?
There's definitely, how do they have enough time to do that? Are there no cameras in there?
Well,
interesting.
Yeah well good to know from every position.
The world just rely on that
for
short
term,
wow, that's crazy. I'm sure like there must be similar conditions and other warehouses than like walmart.
It's
not,
I
have
12. Well, I just have my ahmed thing and then I have to go Get ready to go in that one.
I'm
sorry.
Well, I'm gonna go in like seven minutes.
huh.
Their work.
I said I've done a lot of like volunteer stuff.
Um like I spent 33 years at a food bank, so
a food bank. Uh It was it was really cool like, you know, like I I got to do like rotate around wherever I wanted to go. So I tried a little bit of like food sorting and packing and stuff which is cool, like eat more hands on stuff. But I like to hang out in the office a lot with like, like most of volunteers are like senior citizens, so it's really like
So I loved hanging out with them. So I go out to like the office and like we do like office stuff, like fold papers, like to send out to like mailers for like more donations or like just like getting like the word out and stuff. So I think for the most part, like I just really like hanging out with those ladies. So
that yeah, I did that. I also volunteered at a husky farm, which is pretty cool,
husky.
that was like out in like the middle of nowhere Norway, which was really cool. It was
like
40, 40 dogs. And
like
I like it was
like me
and
another
partner. So we like got up early in the morning, you know, just made her rounds trying to feed everybody and you know, pick up dog poo. But like, you know, like thing is like, I've never been like that many dogs you know in my life. So it's just like the thing is like, you know like when
you feel
yeah sometimes they are some some do, some are like pretty patient and like you like we feed them like we give them like a I don't know like we have to like check like their tail bones to make sure like oh do you need a bit more food today? Do you need to do
we have
to
do?
it was in the summer so like they had to shed their summer coats so we always had to like they they there was always a lot of
hair.
Yes definitely. And it's cool because I'm like also in the summer like we take them out to like the lake to the, to the other side of the camp and I just love to swim and like they have like this like this innate like sense to like run. Like as soon as you put on a leash or like a harness, it's like, yeah, I'm
ready to
go.
It's like a whole like mentality. So I thought that was really interesting to see like, you know, when you like see like I did a rod or whatever and people bring up concerns about, you know, abuse, like why are you guys doing that? But they really have like this.
As
soon
as soon as like you pull out the harnesses, they already know and they're just like going crazy.
Yeah.
and
no.
So like, you know, after I did my undergrad, I was like, no, I needed, I wanted to travel some more and like I travel around south America and whatever, I'm like, what else can I do? Like where else can I go? So like I was traveling around europe looking for like things to do and I was like, oh look like they have like an opening here at this husky farm.
like well like the middle of whatever Norway just hang out there and it was really interesting was when I got in there like I've never been to like anywhere rural before like before that experience. So like I flew into this tiny airport, unlike, unlike a Cessna, I had to take a bus to another city and then when I got there I had to hitchhike or like either hitchhike.
I had to go to the local facebook page to see if anyone was traveling from this small ass talent to another small ass village.
like that was like, you know, like I've never like done that kind of thing or hitchhike before, but like that was like one of this, like I felt so safe there. Everyone knows each other and it's like nothing like strange. Like,
Uh, I'd like to get into town from like the farm. It's either like I bike like five miles or I can hitchhike or take a canoe into town. So
it was
like one of the funniest things I've ever done.
definitely enjoyed that one.
Yeah, that was definitely
the longest I've ever done. Uh huh.
Mm
Thanks.
I feel like interrogate or that you were like overbearing or like you were just talking too much. I thought it was, I thought it was a good mix. I don't know.
Got
to make,
I thought you were like ridiculous. I mean like I read some of the other guys that I had like, it was pretty warm, but like you're deaf like way warmer, definitely. I you're easy.
you
are easy to connect with and yeah, you made me laugh a lot. So yeah,
thank
you.
No,
probably.
like
you too keep going kiddo. You've got this.
I'm thinking about it.
I will. I'm going to
look up, what am I supposed to youtube? Oh, Julian.
I
know. I'm intrigued now.
Okay.