SPEAKER_L: I would say Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Every time. Mhm. Okay. I think that's yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I can
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: see you. Can you see me
SPEAKER_L: I can hold on. I am going to maximize my window and I am going to turn off the sound on my phone.
SPEAKER_R: much? All right. I'll do the same. Doesn't usually make much noise, but just in case. So I'm molly
SPEAKER_L: I'm abby, it's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: is the second time I'm doing this. Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't no.
SPEAKER_L: I met someone really cool and interesting the last time. Which is why I decided to do it again.
SPEAKER_R: Well you you may be disappointed.
SPEAKER_L: Good. I think everybody is interesting as long as they're talking about something that they're interested in,
SPEAKER_R: All right, okay. What are you interested in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm interested in a lot of different things. Um Like some are just normal like tv and movies and books and some are really weird like uh pre modern biological and chemical warfare like like stuff like greek fire and and like plague bodies and stuff like that. I read a book about it. It was really cool.
SPEAKER_R: That is really interesting. That's really interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I read afterwards that some of the contemporaries of that author didn't necessarily find the book to be all that academically accurate but it was a really cool read and I wasn't doing it for academics. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's not something you might fight in a paper, but definitely a good story.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I watched a lot of documentaries I find like finding out new things to be really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Me too. Me too. I listen to a lot of informational podcast. No, watch documentaries all that much. But I love learning new things.
SPEAKER_L: Well so what types of things are you interested in?
SPEAKER_R: These things managed to also some fairly normal stuff like thanks and biographies. Mostly. I have a fairly eclectic collection of biographies and interest. I have. I have sports hobbies. Mostly my husband and I are triathlete, so
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool. I
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: have no sports abilities whatsoever. I used to fence in high school but like I am the clumsiest person ever.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. I was destined for clumsiness. I'm obviously you can't tell him sitting down, but I'm about six ft two. So um clumsiness was always in my deck. So at like age eight, mom said you're going to ballet class, I don't care if you're good, but you have to learn to control your body and they didn't.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: found that taking tai chi classes helped me somewhat but there are no more tight. Like I don't mean like since the pandemic started but I mean like for the past several years there haven't been tai chi classes around where I live. So I am back to being clumsy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: I didn't get far enough in it where I could do it by myself So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, mm seems like something that might have moved online.
SPEAKER_L: maybe I could see, I know that there were pre pandemic tai chi classes through my local library, but they always got filled up really quickly because you have to sign up for them. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I'm
SPEAKER_L: Chris
SPEAKER_R: sorry my cat is biting my toes, I'm just gonna put her outside real quick. So that the letter,
SPEAKER_L: My cats right here too.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh Do you want to meet at his cab? Mm goodbye, Everybody's training you? Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My cat, my cat is like, right, like if you see my hand, she's like right here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my cat is not much for cuddling, she's still fairly feisty,
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: old is she?
SPEAKER_R: about a year and a half. Yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: my cat wasn't really that much of a cuddler until she got to be around five. Um She's nine now until then if she wanted to be like snugly, she'd sit like next to me, she wouldn't really sit on my lap until she was at least five. Um But my cat is also abusive. Like if she wants something like if I'm sleeping, she's only abusive when I'm sleeping, but if I'm sleeping and she wants something, she will actually smack me in the face.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No, like that's
SPEAKER_L: And she um she's like really super Polydor Actel and she's going to be not happy about this, but okay, like if you see the size of her paw and she has, she has a nail that comes out of the bottom of her pa so like she'll actually smack me and like she always smacks me with the one that has the nail at the bottom of her pa. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's like turning your ring inside out before you smack someone in the face.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then um if that doesn't work, I almost always sleep on the side, she'll take two of her nails and put it in my nostril and like pull my head.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh Yeah, that'll wake you up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my stars.
SPEAKER_L: she is very determined. She
SPEAKER_R: couple
SPEAKER_L: has
SPEAKER_R: of weeks.
SPEAKER_L: to go to the vet soon. It's time for her annual, there's nothing wrong with her and she doesn't even need shots or anything, she just has to go,
SPEAKER_R: Think
SPEAKER_L: well that's different.
SPEAKER_R: we had our police shot scheduled for like the day the office decided to close for the, you know pandemic. And they were like, I don't know, just bring her in later. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: She'll probably be fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, my vet offices doing is um, they're just having the pet owners wait in their cars and they're bringing the pets in and then um after they've done their check up there calling the pet owners and talking to them over the phone about their pets and so they're bringing the pets to and from the car. So that way, because I mean you don't have to worry about getting coronavirus from the animals, so that way. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: read
SPEAKER_L: I mean, well, I mean coronavirus, you don't have to like, unless you're dog or cat has a cold, you know, like you're not exactly breathing in the same space as the dog or cat. For the most part when you're checking them up,
SPEAKER_R: That's true.
SPEAKER_L: check
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you hell out.
SPEAKER_R: do tend to like wash my hands after she sneezes on me, so it's probably fine.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I just, I just actually broke my rule, so I'm going to have to be very careful for the duration of this phone call because I'm actually allergic to cats. But I but with the exception of like, getting like itchy eyes and stuff, I've become accustomed to individual cats because I get
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I get like the the like stuffy nose, breathing problems, kind of allergies from cats. But if I'm used to certain cats like my cat, those don't bother me, but I'll still get really itchy eyes if I had my cat and then touch my face. So usually I have a cat hand and a not cat hand. But when I was showing you her paw, I used both my hands. So
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to have to wash my hands after this call and make sure to remember, do not touch my face in between. If you, if you see me happened to go from my face, please remind me.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully the lag won't be so bad in the connection that it'll I'll actually catch you in time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I don't really notice much of a leg.
SPEAKER_R: No, but you never know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You never know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. So we, we we got right into interesting things but like where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: I live in upstate new york in Albany.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Okay. My my my dad is from upstate new york near Rome Carthage. There's a military base up there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a it's a little bit south of here. I think Albanese like the halfway point, so upstate new york is usually like Upstate New York is like anything above one county above New York City.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we've
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: been after,
SPEAKER_L: or if you live in new york city, Anything above one count. If you live in new york city, anything above new york city is upstate new york and then once you're one county up it's Canada. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: A C A C I think he said they were pretty close to Canada, but it
SPEAKER_L: then maybe they're one of the northern ones. I I could be wrong.
SPEAKER_R: me too. I am I'm from the other side of these United States. I live in Arkansas. Yeah. Yes, it's warm here.
SPEAKER_L: it's been pretty warm here lately too. I feel bad for my cat because she's a long heard black cat two. But
SPEAKER_R: cat really likes being outside, so we take her out quite a bit, but um she's a long hair too. But I think they I think they just kind of adapt like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just that mine because she's black, she absorbs all of the heat from the sun and said she doesn't reflect much of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, makes sense. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Does she have a name?
SPEAKER_L: her name is Takahashi. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that is unique.
SPEAKER_L: it's actually japanese for hands and feet, because when I got her, I got her with my roommate who is half japanese and he named her, Yeah, I personally would not name a cat, a japanese name because that would be cultural appropriation, but a Japanese person dance like a japanese name. So, and I wasn't going to change her name once. He, he was no longer, you know, she was no longer his cat.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I was going to harshly critique you but I guess I will not. You get a pass.
SPEAKER_L: but the name is appropriate because she does have like, you couldn't see it very well from the picture because it's also hard because she's black, but but she's like Got like nine toes on each of her front feet. So like when you look at her paws, her pa looks kind of like this. Yeah, it looks like when when you look at her pot, it looks like she is a paw growing off of her paw. Yeah, because
SPEAKER_R: Nick
SPEAKER_L: because a bunch of the extra toes are off of the side toe, not the main four
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: toes.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Is she are their cats that are like that or is she?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, I mean it's very common
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: for cats to have extra toes, it's not common for cats to have as many extra toes as my cat does.
SPEAKER_R: Hello. I was thinking, but yes, I wonder if they're useful in any way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, they're very not useful. Like, they hinder her balance a lot, like she's afraid of heights, she won't like um I'm sitting at my parents house right now because um I'm in the process of moving into my new house and at my parents house, there are certain counters in the kitchen, she will jump on and certain councils she won't jump on because um like the kitchen island, their stools there so she can jump on the stool and then jump on the island, but other counters there aren't and you have to jump straight onto the counter and she doesn't go on the counters where you have to jump straight onto the counter because it's too big of a jump for her, and she's worried about landing. So one thing that I've been very aware of in setting up my new house is making it very friendly for her for her to have different places of different heights that she can reach with her limited jumping facility,
SPEAKER_R: Interest very considerate.
SPEAKER_L: because because she likes heights, she just wants to make sure that she can get there and get back and
SPEAKER_R: Right, that makes sense. Thanks. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: okay,
SPEAKER_R: we also just moved I think we've been here a couple of months but in our old apartment our cat was able to open the bottom cabinets in our kitchen so we had to childproof them et cetera here. We thought ok, we'll childproof all of the bottom cabinets. It'll be fine. She can open these drawers and she can get on our counters and open our top cabinet it if I don't even know how she knows that cabinets open. Like
SPEAKER_L: cats are very smart and observant and
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: when and when you're not doing what they want or they're bored, they just decide that they're going to be a pain in the ass until you're doing what they want or you're entertaining them because see it's not your apartment, it's your cats apartment and you're just there as there as her slave.
SPEAKER_R: she was not happy when we started working
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: from home full time. She was like this you're here all the time. Go away, that's my napping spot and you're sitting in it. Keep
SPEAKER_L: See my cat doesn't isn't like a total cuddle buddy, but she likes being around people. So she likes at least being in a room with people. So she likes when people are home all the time. I remember in one apartment, um I had these really, really big windows. There were like three ft by three ft and it was summer and I had the window open and I drove home and unfortunately the nighttime and she's a black cat, you couldn't, the pictures did not really come out. But when I came home I parked and she was stuck spread eagle on the window because
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: her nails were stuck in the screen because like she saw
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: me drive up because she recognized the sound of my car and my apartment was um right next to the front steps of the building, and like parking was just right in the front of the building, it was street parking right in the front of the building and there was always ample street parking there. So I pulled up and she heard me and she just ran and she she got stuck. It
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: was the funniest thing, I mean of course like I ran in and I got her down so she wasn't up there for more than like a minute. But it was so funny. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: she was like her home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. Oh man. Oh that's funny. Mhm. I'm imagining like full arms out legs out attached to the screen right here.
SPEAKER_L: and a big fluffy tail, like wagging back and forth, frantically. Give me down, get down, get down, get me down, I'm not happy hey. And very, very loud crying.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh We're fortunate she's not allowed. Cat is very quiet. I have a friend who's cat is very very loud. Yeah replace pretty quiet.
SPEAKER_L: Certain cats are more vocal than others.
SPEAKER_R: She talks a lot like when we first get up in the morning and she's like she's very chirpy. Didn't hear me talking about her. Yes you I'm sorry but she should
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: never like
SPEAKER_L: I don't mind if you talk to her in front of me
SPEAKER_R: she just like stopped what she was doing and turned to look at me when I was describing her tripping. He was like anybody but she she's not like good cat Rachel.
SPEAKER_L: to be Yeah, my cut is I don't necessarily understand all the time when my cat talks because like, usually, like if you think about like a baby when a baby cries, it wants something, it's either hungry or it's tired or it wants to be held or it needs a diaper change or like it's in a situation it doesn't want to be in, you know, and it's anxious or like it can feel like that you're anxious, you know, something like that. She can have a full football that I just felt fresh water start yelling like crazy. I could have also have just changed her litter And I'll go up to her to like pet her and she'll like run away like five ft and then she'll continue now. So obviously she doesn't want me to like pet her anything. So I'm like, I don't know what you want from me, like I don't speak cat, I'm really sorry, but like, I don't know what else to do. And she's not like an interactive cat toy person, she's only like a play by yourself. Cat toy person. So like if you have one of those like feather on a string things, she won't bother. But like if you give her like a few like balls or like stuffed toys, she'll play with them when she feels like playing. So like even if I were to like take one of her toys and like toss it to her, she just like looked at it and be like, I didn't say it was playtime, and so I have no idea, but like she but she mows for my parents for food because my parents give their cats wet food in addition to dry food. Um which I don't give her because she has a sensitive digestive system and she should not be eating the wet food, but she does. Um But it's not as bad as it could be, Like it took me, she's really small, she's only like £8,, she looks a lot bigger than she does because she's like offer. Um But it's because her growth was stunted because it took like a year to find a food that she didn't that that like she could tolerate and she's still at £8 eats more than both. My parents cats in a day, and my parents cats are 16 and £17. She goes through more food today than both of them combined um just because it goes through her system so quickly. Um But I do not give her hands like, as a policy because when we move, I'm not going to be giving her cans, so sometimes I can't sit for my parents, and when I do that, I do not give any of the cat scans because they don't need cans, it's like a treat for them. They eat the dry food. Um And so my parents are like, can you give them food? And I'll be like, they have food, and they're like, no, it can't, I'm like, no, I'm not setting a precedent where they get cans for me, because if they see me give a can once they'll expect it again, and that's not happening. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: they're smart that way they are Right,
SPEAKER_L: well, But she
SPEAKER_R: ***.
SPEAKER_L: wakes my dad up at like 5:00 AM every morning. It's her, it's not the other cats, it's her. But like, he was giving the cat's food at five in the morning, I'm like, why did you decide five in the morning was a good time to give the cat's food. You acclimated her to 5:00 AM, and now she'll me out at you until you get up, and well she doesn't smack my mom around, she'll smack him around.
SPEAKER_R: For a long time when Ripley was a kitten she got used to us getting up at a certain time and then on the weekends obviously we did not get up at that time. Um And she very rarely did it to me because I think she loves me more but she would lay on my husband's chest and pull out one claw and just tap on his lip like good morning it's time to play with me. Get up, I'm awake you should be a wake. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know which cat did it, but one of the cats did something like that to my dad and he actually got an infection that he needed, like special antibiotics for, because it was like a zoonotic infection.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean the infection itself wasn't bad, but like, it wasn't like a normal infection that people get because like, it was an infection from cat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's the only thing that worries me about letting her play outside. I mean she's on a leash so we don't let her kill anything but usually if cats are inside they just don't have access to very many things that we don't have access to L Duckett right 2015 but when she goes outside I don't know I guess there are bugs in the house and stuff. Not a lot but they could bring in drinks. I'm
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: the first time pet owner, I don't know very many things.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, she's my first cat too, but I've had her for so long that, you know, I figured stuff out. Um And I had pets growing up too, so um But see that's another thing my parents are like trying to delay me moving out because like their cats are lazy and my cat is a mouser
SPEAKER_R: Ooh,
SPEAKER_L: because they get mice in their basement um that somehow gets through from like the garage or something and and she is a good hunter and and they don't they don't want to give that up and I'm like you get your own Tadashi, this one's mine, but like she's going to be sad because the new house doesn't have any mice in it. But I could do what I did in one of my old apartments which was go to the pet store and get like half a dozen feeder crickets and just like go into like the living room, which is like the biggest room in the house and let them out one at a time. So she can go hunting the cricket. She really liked that. And because it's a feeder cricket, you know that it doesn't have any like diseases
SPEAKER_R: marked.
SPEAKER_L: and proteins, protein. I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: it's it's
SPEAKER_L: you kind of feel bad for the cricket, but if it doesn't get eaten by her it's just gonna get eaten by some other pet anyway. So.
SPEAKER_R: it's not the worst insect to release into your house if you know she doesn't catch it. Not like a spider or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And even if even if all of the crickets got let out, it's not like you can get a cricket infestation, don't just
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: die
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: eventually.
SPEAKER_R: read
SPEAKER_L: Well the thing is is like I don't know what crickets eat, but it's like not in your house
SPEAKER_R: I hope not.
SPEAKER_L: because like I know that um that um if you want to breed your own crickets for pets, you have to buy like special cricket food.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So in order to feed like that is a bit much like instead of buying crickets for feed you buy feed to feed your crickets. Two seems a bit
SPEAKER_L: Well I think overall it's cheaper because like the food you get for the crickets last like forever. And so and the crickets read really quickly, I don't know. But um and I don't know how expensive crickets are uh comparatively, but I used to get crickets um and you can also get them like canned, but they're already dead, so that wouldn't be of interest to my cat, but I used to sometimes get canned or and you can get them free stride too. Um I used to get those when I had sugar gliders because insects are actually a natural part of their diet. I love my sugar gliders. I gave my last one away though because there in the wild they live in like big communities and if you have only one sugar glider they can get really depressed. So um When I was down to two and one of them died. I there's a network online for people who have adult sugar gliders who either are looking for a companion sugar glider or who have a sugar glider who can be a companion. And so I found a home for her because I didn't I wanted what was best for her. But it raised her since she was born and she was the sweetest thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sounds like you did the right thing. That's sad.
SPEAKER_L: Well I knew that I knew that I wasn't in a place where I could take on a new sugar glider and I also wasn't in a place where if you want to keep a single sugar glider you seriously need to spend like eight hours a day with your sugar glider. And they're nocturnal. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It will be a significant lifestyle shift.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um So yeah I found a good home um with a woman who uh has an adult son who's mentally disabled and he are has he had a sugar glider who's others and his other sugar glider died. And so I gave her lavinia and like all of Albania stuff, and I got the weirdest, weirdest gift back ever. So I was raised jewish, but I'm pretty much an atheist, I'm not officially an atheist, because I'm one of those, you can't disprove a negative, so I can't say God doesn't exist because you can't prove that something doesn't exist, but I'm like, if there is a God, I don't think God's doing shit. Um but I wanted to be like, nice, so this woman, like as she's leaving, she asks me if I celebrate christmas, because this was like the middle of december, I was like, sure, you know, because I didn't want to be like, I wasn't going to go into anything, and she was like, here merry christmas, and I was like, thank you, and she hands me like a gift bag and I opened it up and it's like this hollow plastic bust of jesus and I'm like, if you're meeting someone that you've never met and have never really talked to, is that really an appropriate gift?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Seems a bit forward. Also possible that someone gave it to her and she was like, I don't know where I'm going to put this
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: unless
SPEAKER_L: that plastic
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: bus.
SPEAKER_R: lady.
SPEAKER_L: I give it like a place of prominence as like an ironic thing. I also love the fact that like, if you look at it, it looks like it's like clay or ceramic or something and then you pick it up and it weighs like two ounces, so it's like this really, really cheap since the thing, but it looks like it's like got this grubby task. Um but like, yeah, like, I don't know, you go out and like, I mean she knew I was a woman, so like she got me like a candle or something, you know, generic, like even if I didn't like a candle, like candles like it's something easily re gift double, not you can get one for like $2 at like the dollar store or yankee candle or something. Like a plastic bust of jesus. Yeah at least he didn't have his crown of thorns.
SPEAKER_R: Well, you know there's a boundary somewhere about what you're willing to put in someone else's home. I live in the south, so that sounds less far fetched like. Yes. Goodbye.
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: alone.
SPEAKER_L: from, she she drove I think an hour and a half or two hours. She was from more central new york like west, she was like in um she wasn't like the like the Cornell Ithaca area. Um But so she was and I mean so she was in a more rural area and like rural new york is more conservative and um religious and like Republican, a lot of people don't realize but like new york when we vote as a whole state like for president were very democratic because all of our major urban areas our Democratic and they have many many more people than our rural areas. But um for all of the local stuff, so like not the Senate, because again to people whole state votes but for Congress and all of the state legislature in the state senate, it's very mixed because like I said the city centers are Democratic, but a lot of the rural areas are Republican and most people don't know this, but like with the exception of the city centers, new york is pretty much a farming state. Like If I go to my local farmers market and this is like a farmer's market that only has things from within 30 miles, like there are apples
SPEAKER_R: On your
SPEAKER_L: and peaches and and like homegrown beer from hops and liquor and wine and uh honey from a blueberries and maple syrup, various berries and fruit, various vegetables like just in like a 30 mile radius. And
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: And that's a 30 mile radius from the capital of the state. What the city centers like are very concentrated, it's like urban and then like And then like two miles from urban, it gets rural like I'm in my parents house right now. Um it would take 10 minutes to drive and get to downtown Albany. There's a corn field across the street from where I am right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I feel that
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in indiana which is our city centers are not as Dense, but we have about four big cities and the rest of the state is corn. Like You can have, I mean I grew up in a town of about 100,000 people and I lived in town across the street from a cornfield. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like most people don't realize this but for all of the 90s we had a Republican governor that with the exception of like the last term and like the second half of the last term was pretty popular and he didn't get reelected because he didn't run for re election. I don't know if he would have gotten reelected.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Yeah, California is like that too. Like like you obviously have southern California but the northern California is mostly farmers and it's fairly rural and fairly conservative. Just is interesting. Yeah. Electricity.
SPEAKER_L: I just I think a lot of the U. S. Is like that it's like so much of things are assumed because people don't know, people think oh it's Arkansas, everybody's like a hick there but there are actually urban places. You know like you can be in a city and be in Arkansas or like you can be in a cornfield and be in new york two
SPEAKER_R: fascinating. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And you know it's it's those things that you know make politics in this country a lot more complicated than they otherwise could be because people are like, well why don't the Blue States and the red states just like as if we were going to have another civil war and just like split them off except the blue states aren't all blue and the red states aren't all red. You know what are we gonna do? Split it up by county and like all the blue counties can be one country and all the red counties can be one country. It's like or like have like a mass migration. Well, I guess if we wanted to like, well I guess if we did reparations for slavery and we included land ownership, then we theoretically could do that because we could take land ownership and redistribute all the land in the country and that way, all the people who feel one way can go in one area and all the people feel another way to go in another area, then we can split the custom, but that's never gonna happen, you know? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 50 times. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And who gets to decide
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: which area b other group gets to live in because both sides are going to be like, I would like colorado, please. Mhm. To
SPEAKER_L: colorado
SPEAKER_R: me,
SPEAKER_L: can be colorado can be the neutral zone. Like, you know how like whenever there's a war there's like the neutral zone in between. That's that's colorado.
SPEAKER_R: I feel fat. Yeah. Okay. I think we could probably draft this as a bill like.
SPEAKER_L: Well, no, because first we have to get the republicans to agree to give reparations. What I mean if you think about it like how would you how would you feel if like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: okay like they talk about ancestral wealth and it's like they talk about how there's no ancestral wealth because black people weren't allowed to like own land or buy houses or things like that. But it's not only that but it's like If you were a slave for 400 years, That's four even not even including land ownership, that's 400 years worth of wages that they don't have. Just wages, not even including interest or what they could have done with those wages in terms of like investing and land ownership or anything they did with that. We just wages like they were like just be happy you're free like just be happy with what you get. I'm sorry but that's just not cool for me. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: ethical. It is Oh I things are complex.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and then like I just I don't understand so much about what's going on with the country these days, like I know how people are feeling, I just don't really know what's happening, you know, like I know what various people want to happen, what what people want to happen and what actually is happening are two completely different things. Yeah, and like it just everything that's going on just seems so opaque to me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And intentionally, so there are very few people that benefit from reality being the narrative regardless of what it is, it is generally more beneficial for anyone to be able to spin whatever is going on, hide whatever is going on or make something up whole cloth, it hurts. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I like, I remember earlier today, I was just telling my dad, I don't care who wins the presidency, I just want to go to sleep and wake up four years from now.
SPEAKER_R: Uh slim pickens, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and people are like who are you voting for president? And I said, I mean I'm in new york, so it doesn't really matter who I vote for president because I'm not in a swing state, but so I have the liberty to do this, but I'm not voting for president. And they're like why are you voting? And I said when you can give me a candidate that hasn't been accused of sexual assault, I'll vote for president and I'll vote for them.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Because unlike other years, it's not even an issue of like, well if you vote third party, like you're taking a vote away from someone that might agree with you a little bit, it's like they all dropped out. There are not 3rd party candidates, no one's running, we're in the middle of a pandemic. Uh
SPEAKER_L: well, well we could always um we could always do a write in for Kanye West
SPEAKER_R: how Lauren come quickly,
SPEAKER_L: and what was that about?
SPEAKER_R: mm uh have you seen fiddler on the roof?
SPEAKER_L: I should have, but I haven't,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, it's bad, but it's good, but it's sad. There's a there's a line at the end where all the jews are being um and hoisted out of Russia and one of the and one of the men in the town goes to the rabbi and he says Rabbi wouldn't this be a good time for the messiah to come? And he's like, I guess you will have to wait somewhere else, It's like, but now it now would be an okay time. I think that would be okay anyway, chicken, It is not the worst pandemic the world has ever seen. So there's that
SPEAKER_L: but actually I if I were to believe in all of that, I wouldn't be surprised if the messiah came soon because I have always said that Oprah is the antichrist and I have good arguments for it.
SPEAKER_R: I'm intrigued.
SPEAKER_L: Well, first of all, the antichrist is actually supposed to be very, very popular because people are supposed to think that because the antichrist is supposed to be someone that people actually think is a savior and that like the vast majority of the world actually follows and almost
SPEAKER_R: Carrie.
SPEAKER_L: everyone loves Oprah. Like tell me someone who doesn't love Oprah,
SPEAKER_R: You look apparently.
SPEAKER_L: but they also do things that are horrible for the world now. These are the things that Oprah is responsible for. Dr Phil Dr Oz, jenny McCarthy's anti vax movement. Okay. Yeah, I mean there are so many horrible things that she has given her support to and used her fame for that are just detrimental to the world that I don't know if she does it on purpose, if she believes in it, if she just doesn't research it but have such a negative effect. But you can't criticize Oprah because she's so popular and she's a black woman who's made it from like the slums to like
SPEAKER_R: Oprah.
SPEAKER_L: superstardom. Yeah, like Oprah, like the only person that you can really compare with Oprah is Michelle Obama, those are like it as far as black, we're going to go if you take away the black thing you can do like endure Gandhi and that's like it. So so like you have Oprah being responsible for people not wanting to get their kids vaccinated and you have Oprah being responsible for um in addition to like black people's normal distrust of the health care system, which is reasonable and systemic because of the way the health care system has treated them before and use them as unwilling guinea pigs and all of that. Um but you also have her responsible for somebody who is a major proponent of non medicine instead of medicine. Like things that have no evidence for them have evidence against them are patently false, have claims that have no validity that people are using instead of things that will actually help them. So that that is my and I mean I don't remember what like all the specific criteria were for like someone having to be the antichrist. I think there was something about like having to have a prostitute as your mother and I don't know if Oprah's mother was a prostitute or not, I'm not going to accuse Oprah's mother for being a prostitute. I think you know that might be a little outdated because
SPEAKER_R: He.
SPEAKER_L: I mean me consider mary Magdalene a prostitute and there is no proof of that. There's nothing
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: in the bible that she's a prostitute but
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: people claim that that's just
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: like slut shaming. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. I know to what you were referring. People who have read the pass it that there's a story about a woman that is um that is known to be in the town. Mhm. Languages hope was probably a prostitute. The next three we have is about mary Magdalene being healed of seven demons, which is why the two are often conflated. But they are widely considered widely I say of the people
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: separate
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: stories
SPEAKER_R: that they're
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: separate
SPEAKER_L: they are
SPEAKER_R: stories.
SPEAKER_L: assumed to be the same person.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. Probably not the same person. Yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: So I'm not, like I said I'm not going to say anything about Oprah's parentage, I have no idea about Oprah's you know childhood or anything. Um although I do recall her saying something about like being abused as a child. I don't know what specifically kind of abuse it was, but her saying that her childhood growing up was not a good experience. Um But yes, that that is, but I mean I don't personally believe in the antichrist, but if I were to believe in the antichrist, that would be, you know, that would be my, my suspicion. Plus. I mean in addition to the pandemic, we've had like the killer hornets and we've had um I mean what else have we had? I don't even remember all of the different things.
SPEAKER_R: hurricanes are coming.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The hurricanes are going the latest we have bunny Ebola now,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: bunny
SPEAKER_R: Can it spread
SPEAKER_L: Ebola,
SPEAKER_R: to people
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's
SPEAKER_R: girl?
SPEAKER_L: technically not Ebola because it's a different strain of virus than Ebola, but they're calling it rabbit hemorrhagic fever and they're just shortening it to bunny Ebola. And unlike regular Ebola, this one can be transmitted through fluids by touch on surfaces through the air and washing your hands do not kill it,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's like super
SPEAKER_R: prevent.
SPEAKER_L: Ebola, but only for bunnies,
SPEAKER_R: Well, okay. I love bunnies. I am. I wish they did not have Ebola
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: however.
SPEAKER_L: on, it's on the west coast, mostly in the northwest right now, but it's moving down to California. Um it's something that's again, we got it from china. Um we didn't get it directly from china, we actually got it from europe, who got it from Russia, who got it from china and it's been in europe for like over a decade. But we just, we just started getting uh an epidemic of it recently and I saw an article about it last week and I was like not another thing.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. It is sad and and I love them. But again if
SPEAKER_L: effort.
SPEAKER_R: europe
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: is not
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: it for
SPEAKER_L: love bunnies either?
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: them because you're, they're cute and fuzzy and and you want to pet them or you love them because they're yummy and tasty and their first warm and fuzzy to wear.
SPEAKER_R: I'm more a more on
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: site.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: It.
SPEAKER_L: more a two but you fall into one of that. You can't. So either way you love bunnies.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah that's true I guess I can't think a bunny laid down in our back yard the other day and it like it like laid down and it stretched out its legs and its like for like twice the length of its body. It was it was so chill. It was just like I'm just going to lay down in the shade Like 101° here. Like it was so chill Ripley lost her mind. She was like, let me add it. No having a nice
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So so so yeah so people in the west are like not letting their bunnies out, like even if they're bunnies are normally outdoor pets, they're being indoor pets. Like I think I remember like before they figured out what was going on, like an entire vet full of um rabbits that they were um that they were like housing that they were just not sick rabbits but rabbits that like people like were away and they needed somewhere to like how is their rabbits while they were away? Like they all died but at least unlike normal Ebola this one works a lot faster so like at least they're not suffering for as long. Yeah I'm not a fan of suffering.
SPEAKER_R: All right good. That makes me feel better about you. Uh I imagine in a hole growth people's cats dying from Hello. In less sad news. Ebola has been contained to only one country and and we're almost done with it. But like the congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo is the only place with known cases. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they're actually various strains of Ebola and some of them aren't actually that bad. This is the bad Ebola
SPEAKER_R: Yes. The one when we talk about Oh no,
SPEAKER_L: When you talk
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the one that's like 90% fatal. Not the one that's 40% fatal. Hey?
SPEAKER_R: The one with like travel restrictions and you can't yeah, that the bad one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's good now let's just hope you know they keep the pandemic away there too. Yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Seems unlikely.
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: Maybe.
SPEAKER_L: hope I really really hope they don't open the schools. My best friend's a teacher and like I really hope they don't because it will be a disaster.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I think there are some places where it could be really bad Arkansas, we're currently in our uptick. But yeah, I am pro staying home. I am pro meth, I am pro cleaning. I'm pro many different school options. But there are places in our state that have one active case where it's just not, it is and a non issue. So those,
SPEAKER_L: Well I
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: it makes sense that
SPEAKER_L: well I don't think it should be a nationwide thing. You can see a tail. Uh huh. Um Well I don't think it should be a nationwide decision. I think it should be an area decision. One thing I disagree with is them making masks of political issue. People are like it's a free country but you know what try the argument the next time you get pulled over for not wearing a seat belt.
SPEAKER_R: Which actually makes less sense than us making you wear a mask because like literally you are the only person that gets hurt in that. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I mean like is when you wear a mask, you only like unless you're someone who's already been wearing a mask for several hours a day, for months, you only need to wear a mask for like at most half an hour to an hour at a time. Like when you're at the supermarket and most and a lot of places you can order your food to be delivered like your grocery store food or you can order it to be like curbside ready and you can just pick it up at the curb.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. I find
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: the reaction
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: to be
SPEAKER_L: don't I just don't
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: of people.
SPEAKER_L: it should be a political issue, you know?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Um But the thing with schools is like, I think what's going to happen is if they open schools, there's going to be a huge upsurge and then schools are just going to have to close again. But because they open schools instead of doing any prep for online teaching, there is going to have to go back to zoom classes without having had any prep for online teaching and everybody will be scrambling again. Um But also like, I would feel horrible for the kids because what happens if you know somebody in your school gets coronavirus and you get coronavirus from that And you're like, say in elementary school, so you're like eight or 10 and you go home and you're fine because you're a kid, you've got a great immune system. Your parents actually did vaccinate you. So, you know, you've got a strong immune system and you know, your parents have done stuff that's healthy for you, but like, not everybody in your family has such a great immune system and you know, you give it to your parents and one of your parents died and then you feel guilty for the rest of your life because you feel like it's your fault that your parents died of the coronavirus because you're the one who brought it home from school
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that exact
SPEAKER_L: and try social distancing during recess.
SPEAKER_R: week.
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: doubt
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: will be
SPEAKER_L: can you can be six ft away from your friends, you can't be any closer, like how are you going to keep, you know, elementary school kids from doing that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no recess. That's uh in Arkansas, our schools are probably opening and like you're not leaving your classroom, you go to your classroom, you have school, you go home it like you don't get to go to the cafeteria either. Like you have to eat in your bathroom.
SPEAKER_L: What about kids who have uh state funded lunches?
SPEAKER_R: They're making arrangements. I mean like the food because they, because they also have kids with allergies. I am not a teacher, so I don't know the ins and outs, but I know that they are working through a very detailed
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: plan.
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: And so because the kids with you have to be any separate room or a separate area of the room, I don't remember but. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe they'll get like a partition to block those two, like to like put up between those kids while they're having lunch.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe I don't know. Help him. That might
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: But it sounds really sad
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like, how crowded are the schools? How crowded are the schools in Arkansas though?
SPEAKER_R: it depends. So uh most It's really small. Most of our counties have less than 30,000 people in them. So
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: the schools are fairly spread out unless you get somewhere like Little Rock or um Fayetteville and then they're fairly crowded. But those schools are not necessarily starting right away or they're doing a staggered approach where like only have the kids come each day. Like your
SPEAKER_L: it's like two days a week and they split the class in half Because my friend teaches 4th grade And they're like 35 kids in her class. So like, even with, even if they split the class in half, it's still going to be hard to get the kids to be six ft away. And like I was in her classroom because I was helping her at the end of the year, not this past year, but the year before. And I don't see how you could fit 15 kids in that room With six ft in between each one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: how are
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: you going?
SPEAKER_L: hope that when they do pass whatever stimulus bill they pass, there's a lot of money going for education. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because like we, because I mean also with the cleaning, they can't expect the teachers to do the cleaning because they already do so much. And so they need to be able to hire cleaners who are specifically trained in cleaning for this. And also if if for schools that do physically open, they need to hire people who clean who are trained for cleaning. But also like they should be hiring people to like check temperatures at the door. And they should also like be hiring people um for transportation service, so parents don't have to pick their kids up if their kids have to go home because their temperature was too high. Um Because like if you don't have a car and you rely on public transportation, like it might take you like even if you're not at work, it might take you three hours to get to the school because you have to rely on the bus schedule to get there because you may not be able to afford a taxi or Uber and then you know it's a taxi or an Uber really going to want to let you in their car if you have a fever. Like
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: I was an Uber driver I would take the temperature of anyone who is going to get into my car and if you had a fever I would say sorry.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But like also like I remember when I was in school they were doing construction and they put up temporary buildings and for places where there is physical room you can put up temporary buildings and and as long as you're willing to hire teachers to teach or if you're willing to do like distance learning and just put in someone to like keep to like monitor the class and have the teacher be on video. You can put kids in a separate room and then have the kids alternate or just have the teacher alternate which room they're in. Um And that way the kids aren't going back and forth between the rooms, there's only one person going back and forth. Um I think not when I was there, but um after I was done with school, one of the schools in my area started doing that um in the junior high because like all the kids were with the exception of the kids who were in like the advanced classes, all the kids were taking the exact same classes instead of having electives and whatnot. So they just had the kids stay in the same classes and they just had the teachers rotate.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's really smart. I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: way
SPEAKER_R: friends.
SPEAKER_L: they don't have to work. And I mean the kids were allowed in the hall in between classes if they needed books and stuff, but they just made sure that the kids lockers were near the classrooms that there stuff was in. And you know, it made it a lot easier and simpler. The teachers complained at first, but then after a while, you know, mm, he calmed down. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean, and if there isn't room, if your building has a flat roof and the roof can support it, you can put temporary buildings on the roof. I don't know if you can put enough depending on how big the school is, but you know, or you can set up a school in a different building because how many buildings are currently not being used because there are businesses that are closed because of the coronavirus. If you have a giant, you know, office building that usually uses, um, that doesn't usually use, that usually uses just partitions for desks
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that can be easily taken out. That's like a really big room that you can social distance in and if nobody's using that, you know, the government can rent that building and you can use that as your school. But all
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: these things cost money. So hopefully there will be money for schools because otherwise a lot of people look at that. Mm
SPEAKER_R: yeah yep. And on that we have gone significantly over 25 minutes which is fine. I thoroughly enjoyed this back.
SPEAKER_L: I have enjoyed talking to you too.
SPEAKER_R: if you have to work
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: tomorrow.
SPEAKER_L: talked way too much though, which I tend to do,
SPEAKER_R: It's very
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: interesting though like you said it's not hard if you're talking about things that interest you so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay, well, have a great evening and
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: um, have fun filling out your survey. I could,
SPEAKER_R: Bye.