Hi, I can
see you. Can you see me
much? All right. I'll do the same. Doesn't usually make much noise, but just in case. So I'm molly
nice to meet you
too.
I haven't no.
Well you you may be disappointed.
All right, okay. What are you interested in?
That is really interesting. That's really interesting.
It's not something you might fight in a paper, but definitely a good story.
Me too. Me too. I listen to a lot of informational podcast. No, watch documentaries all that much. But I love learning new things.
These things managed to also some fairly normal stuff like thanks and biographies. Mostly. I have a fairly eclectic collection of biographies and interest. I have. I have sports hobbies. Mostly my husband and I are triathlete, so
All right.
Yes. Yes. I was destined for clumsiness. I'm obviously you can't tell him sitting down, but I'm about six ft two. So um clumsiness was always in my deck. So at like age eight, mom said you're going to ballet class, I don't care if you're good, but you have to learn to control your body and they didn't.
I have
Right,
Yeah, mm seems like something that might have moved online.
interesting. I'm
sorry my cat is biting my toes, I'm just gonna put her outside real quick. So that the letter,
uh huh Do you want to meet at his cab? Mm goodbye, Everybody's training you? Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh Sorry.
yeah, my cat is not much for cuddling, she's still fairly feisty,
so
about a year and a half. Yeah. Yes,
Mhm. No, like that's
It's like turning your ring inside out before you smack someone in the face.
uh huh Yeah, that'll wake you up. Yeah.
Oh my stars.
couple
of weeks.
Think
we had our police shot scheduled for like the day the office decided to close for the, you know pandemic. And they were like, I don't know, just bring her in later. Okay.
She'll probably be fine. Yeah.
I did
read
That's true.
I
do tend to like wash my hands after she sneezes on me, so it's probably fine.
Well,
No,
hopefully the lag won't be so bad in the connection that it'll I'll actually catch you in time.
No, but you never know.
Yeah. Mhm. So we, we we got right into interesting things but like where do you live?
Really? Okay. My my my dad is from upstate new york near Rome Carthage. There's a military base up there.
Yeah, we've
been after,
A C A C I think he said they were pretty close to Canada, but it
me too. I am I'm from the other side of these United States. I live in Arkansas. Yeah. Yes, it's warm here.
cat really likes being outside, so we take her out quite a bit, but um she's a long hair too. But I think they I think they just kind of adapt like
Yeah, makes sense. Yes.
Uh huh.
Does she have a name?
that is unique.
Well,
I was going to harshly critique you but I guess I will not. You get a pass.
Nick
it.
Mhm. Yeah. Is she are their cats that are like that or is she?
Hi.
Hello. I was thinking, but yes, I wonder if they're useful in any way.
Interest very considerate.
Right, that makes sense. Thanks. Yeah
we also just moved I think we've been here a couple of months but in our old apartment our cat was able to open the bottom cabinets in our kitchen so we had to childproof them et cetera here. We thought ok, we'll childproof all of the bottom cabinets. It'll be fine. She can open these drawers and she can get on our counters and open our top cabinet it if I don't even know how she knows that cabinets open. Like
let's
be
she was not happy when we started working
from home full time. She was like this you're here all the time. Go away, that's my napping spot and you're sitting in it. Keep
How?
thanks.
No.
huh.
Yeah. Yes. Oh man. Oh that's funny. Mhm. I'm imagining like full arms out legs out attached to the screen right here.
Uh huh We're fortunate she's not allowed. Cat is very quiet. I have a friend who's cat is very very loud. Yeah replace pretty quiet.
She talks a lot like when we first get up in the morning and she's like she's very chirpy. Didn't hear me talking about her. Yes you I'm sorry but she should
never like
she just like stopped what she was doing and turned to look at me when I was describing her tripping. He was like anybody but she she's not like good cat Rachel.
they're smart that way they are Right,
***.
For a long time when Ripley was a kitten she got used to us getting up at a certain time and then on the weekends obviously we did not get up at that time. Um And she very rarely did it to me because I think she loves me more but she would lay on my husband's chest and pull out one claw and just tap on his lip like good morning it's time to play with me. Get up, I'm awake you should be a wake. Mhm.
Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's the only thing that worries me about letting her play outside. I mean she's on a leash so we don't let her kill anything but usually if cats are inside they just don't have access to very many things that we don't have access to L Duckett right 2015 but when she goes outside I don't know I guess there are bugs in the house and stuff. Not a lot but they could bring in drinks. I'm
the first time pet owner, I don't know very many things.
Ooh,
marked.
And
it's it's
it's not the worst insect to release into your house if you know she doesn't catch it. Not like a spider or something.
I don't
think
read
I hope not.
Yeah. So in order to feed like that is a bit much like instead of buying crickets for feed you buy feed to feed your crickets. Two seems a bit
Yeah. Sounds like you did the right thing. That's sad.
Yeah. It will be a significant lifestyle shift.
Yeah. Seems a bit forward. Also possible that someone gave it to her and she was like, I don't know where I'm going to put this
unless
for
lady.
Well, you know there's a boundary somewhere about what you're willing to put in someone else's home. I live in the south, so that sounds less far fetched like. Yes. Goodbye.
That
alone.
On your
true.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel that
I grew up in indiana which is our city centers are not as Dense, but we have about four big cities and the rest of the state is corn. Like You can have, I mean I grew up in a town of about 100,000 people and I lived in town across the street from a cornfield. Yeah.
interesting. Yeah, California is like that too. Like like you obviously have southern California but the northern California is mostly farmers and it's fairly rural and fairly conservative. Just is interesting. Yeah. Electricity.
fascinating. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. 50 times. Yeah.
And who gets to decide
which area b other group gets to live in because both sides are going to be like, I would like colorado, please. Mhm. To
me,
I feel fat. Yeah. Okay. I think we could probably draft this as a bill like.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
ethical. It is Oh I things are complex.
Yeah. And intentionally, so there are very few people that benefit from reality being the narrative regardless of what it is, it is generally more beneficial for anyone to be able to spin whatever is going on, hide whatever is going on or make something up whole cloth, it hurts. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. Yeah.
Uh slim pickens, yeah.
Mhm. Because unlike other years, it's not even an issue of like, well if you vote third party, like you're taking a vote away from someone that might agree with you a little bit, it's like they all dropped out. There are not 3rd party candidates, no one's running, we're in the middle of a pandemic. Uh
how Lauren come quickly,
mm uh have you seen fiddler on the roof?
Okay, it's bad, but it's good, but it's sad. There's a there's a line at the end where all the jews are being um and hoisted out of Russia and one of the and one of the men in the town goes to the rabbi and he says Rabbi wouldn't this be a good time for the messiah to come? And he's like, I guess you will have to wait somewhere else, It's like, but now it now would be an okay time. I think that would be okay anyway, chicken, It is not the worst pandemic the world has ever seen. So there's that
I'm intrigued.
Carrie.
You look apparently.
Oprah.
He.
No,
no.
Well.
Sorry. I know to what you were referring. People who have read the pass it that there's a story about a woman that is um that is known to be in the town. Mhm. Languages hope was probably a prostitute. The next three we have is about mary Magdalene being healed of seven demons, which is why the two are often conflated. But they are widely considered widely I say of the people
I
know
that they're
separate
stories.
Yes. Yes. Probably not the same person. Yeah, but
hurricanes are coming.
No.
Can it spread
to people
girl?
that's
prevent.
Well, okay. I love bunnies. I am. I wish they did not have Ebola
however.
Thank you. It is sad and and I love them. But again if
europe
is not
it for
I don't
thank
me
I'm more a more on
site.
It.
yep. Yeah that's true I guess I can't think a bunny laid down in our back yard the other day and it like it like laid down and it stretched out its legs and its like for like twice the length of its body. It was it was so chill. It was just like I'm just going to lay down in the shade Like 101° here. Like it was so chill Ripley lost her mind. She was like, let me add it. No having a nice
but. Mhm. Okay.
All right good. That makes me feel better about you. Uh I imagine in a hole growth people's cats dying from Hello. In less sad news. Ebola has been contained to only one country and and we're almost done with it. But like the congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo is the only place with known cases. Yeah.
Yes. The one when we talk about Oh no,
if
you
The one with like travel restrictions and you can't yeah, that the bad one. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Seems unlikely.
Maybe.
Yeah. Yeah. I think there are some places where it could be really bad Arkansas, we're currently in our uptick. But yeah, I am pro staying home. I am pro meth, I am pro cleaning. I'm pro many different school options. But there are places in our state that have one active case where it's just not, it is and a non issue. So those,
I mean
it makes sense that
Which actually makes less sense than us making you wear a mask because like literally you are the only person that gets hurt in that. Thank you.
Yeah. Yes. I find
the reaction
to be
lot
of people.
No.
Yeah, that exact
week.
I
doubt
that
will be
no recess. That's uh in Arkansas, our schools are probably opening and like you're not leaving your classroom, you go to your classroom, you have school, you go home it like you don't get to go to the cafeteria either. Like you have to eat in your bathroom.
They're making arrangements. I mean like the food because they, because they also have kids with allergies. I am not a teacher, so I don't know the ins and outs, but I know that they are working through a very detailed
plan.
And so because the kids with you have to be any separate room or a separate area of the room, I don't remember but. Okay.
Maybe I don't know. Help him. That might
work.
But it sounds really sad
like
it depends. So uh most It's really small. Most of our counties have less than 30,000 people in them. So
the schools are fairly spread out unless you get somewhere like Little Rock or um Fayetteville and then they're fairly crowded. But those schools are not necessarily starting right away or they're doing a staggered approach where like only have the kids come each day. Like your
I mean I don't know
how are
you going?
Yeah.
Good
for
no.
Uh huh. That's really smart. I
mean
friends.
Yeah.
No.
I,
yeah yep. And on that we have gone significantly over 25 minutes which is fine. I thoroughly enjoyed this back.
if you have to work
tomorrow.
It's very
interesting though like you said it's not hard if you're talking about things that interest you so
you too.
Bye.