Hello?
I'm sorry uh
can you hear me okay?
All right I'm
putting
headphones
here.
I got a fan going
so okay okay
now we're good. All right
well
I'm doing okay I'm gonna go ahead and set a timer for us.
Okay I remember which app that is. Okay so where are you calling from today?
I am kind of near the suburb to Chicago. Yeah
the
big
city people
you
know
this?
Oh you went to Chicago last year. Did your family out this way or you just like to visit?
so so have you done any other like like okay
I used to have your traveling sort of to sightsee, you see America while you're over here? Yeah
What?
yeah absolutely. You go to Chicago you'll be uh you'll be stuck there and quarantine for a couple of weeks at this point I think. Yeah.
Uh So so where did where are you from?
very nice. And
what brought you go ahead?
no, uh I was born in Alabama,
which is far south and then mostly grew up in California, my dad had the kind of job that would transfer him periodically
and
moved
to Illinois when I was just starting high school, I have been here since then, so that is at this point I think most of my life, so
okay for sure, for sure. Uh so yeah, yeah, but but what brought you to the States?
that must have been a hard decision to like choose who gets to leave, who has to leave, who gets to sort of keep their home. Oh
man,
thank
you.
right,
we're
which there uh oh,
so so do you like new york? Mhm.
Hey,
I have never been, no. Um I haven't really been to many major cities. I'm not a city girl at all. I am more of the, I'd be happy in the rural countryside. So like I get very tense when we have to go to Chicago for something. Like occasionally like uh you know if you need to see like a specialist doctor or um we've been to the museums up there and things like that, but I get very tense about going into the city and I just feel like there's too much traffic and too many people I know some people really thrive on that. Like my husband has friends from high school and college who like they couldn't wait to get like out of the suburbs and moved to the city like like get away from their family and away from just like all the things they disapprove about here, but uh but
I would not want to I would not want to make that exchange different,
different people
peter.
Yeah. I was gonna say artificial. Yeah, I know what
you're saying.
Yeah. I know uh when I was growing
up in California, I remember We just build cities
into each other, like, like the suburb area, so like you can just drive, you know, for 30 or 40 miles and you're going through all these different towns, but it all looks the same. And so I completely know what you're saying and it's very different to be walking through like a park that has all these sidewalks and lamps and things like that versus being like in a pasture or
even like some of our natural part of our national parks where like they've really done a lot to keep it closer to how it has always been. Yeah.
Yeah
it's crazy like it is, But on the other hand like it's something I think they pretty much started in the 1920s or something like it's not. I don't know, I guess the idea was to preserve what was what used to be there, but
it's so weird, it just seems like it's kind of a modern concept.
But my favorite was Yosemite, that's
we we did a lot of the National Parks on the West Coast when I was young and uh 70 is very beautiful, I would recommend it.
But what
the unfortunate thing that I've heard is that uh like in the year since we went uh it's gotten so crowded that I think it feels a little more to RC and a little less rural and quiet and you know, a little less nature field.
For me like it's largely the practical aspects of a few things. One is like health insurance is really weird. So like you have great coverage in this geographic zone around where you live and if I was, you know in Montana and got sick, I don't know how that would work or if it would cost me an arm and a leg like so it's a, it's a weird system. Uh
but the other thing
is
like just
the
practicality
It's so
weird.
No,
it's insane. Um But the other the other practical thing is like all these different states have all their different rules and some of them have like geographic zones within of like what the rules are in that locality. And I don't know, it
would be really hard trying to keep track of that and keep track of that as it changes as you're traveling. And
the other related things, like my husband, I went down to scout small towns near us because we're thinking about buying a house and we did
this, we did this like a month ago and one of the hard things was finding a place to stop and use the restroom because like
the Mcdonald's, you couldn't go into their lobbies and like
a lot of places were closed. It was just
like things are opening up more, but it was just really weird. Like all the things you count on when you travel, like for me being able to stop at Mcdonald's
weren't there? So I think that makes it a little more challenge. Oh, the rest stops on the highway to, that was another thing that's closed. Uh So yeah, if I
feel like there's a uh an opportunity there, if somebody would like put together some like travel guide or like find some way to like organize all this information of what's open and what's that. Yeah, people could, people could probably take some road trips fairly safely.
We
had, yeah, we had family come out to visit. They it was my brother and his wife and their three kids, four kids have and they came out for
weekend
that grandma and grandpa just because they had like grandma and grandpa had been going over to see them every couple of months or so. I hadn't been able to since the pandemic
started. And so they were just like not too worried at this point. And they were like, well just come and you can come see us if you're comfortable and and they made it out and back and that was a couple weeks now go, so nobody
it seems to work ok. Um But yeah, you know, you pack food, you don't stop much,
it's not it's not that much more dangerous than being at home and
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, and that's again where I think they have different rules for state, like I've heard that some, like if you're gonna be there less than 24 hours, you don't have to quarantine, so then like if you're driving across a really big state and you hit it at the wrong time and you have to stop at the hotel, you got to really watch your time. And I'm assuming that, I'm assuming that uh in most cases they probably wouldn't
be
able to like track everybody and it's probably kind of on the honor system, but maybe if you get sick and they come back with the contact tracers, maybe they would, maybe you would somehow get in trouble for that. I don't know.
Like
it's like, it's like the thing in the american legal system were like, there are so many things that you could get in trouble for if somebody chooses to pursue it. But I come from a family of lawyers and the answer is always like, well, it depends if somebody wants to go
take you to court over it. Mhm.
Yeah, and and then you have like the leeway of, of which county you're in within the state
and each of them has, they're prosecuting attorney and they take different attitudes for different crimes and then you've got the actual prosecuting attorney who's, you know, one of his underlings who, you know, at every level there's leeway and discretion. Yes.
It's
this
legal system, one of the complexities that's not so complex where you in Poland.
You have fewer layers of bureaucracy because of your size. I imagine. It's funny. There are every so often you hear these stories about some random old law that's still on the books, like some state will have written some some law about, you know, you can't have a bear, you can't have walked a bear down the main street on the weekend or something. And they they were responding to some specific things, some specific weird thing that happened once, but they never took it up, they never got rid of it once, whatever
it was.
Well
actually,
in a related
way, I was hearing about how wearing a mask is actually against the law, in in certain parts of certain states have had to do with crime. You know, basically we don't want bank grabbers, so you can't wear masks or you can't wear a mask and carry a gun. Uh things like that, Yeah, some of the some of the like some of the more southern areas, or maybe just the
western areas, there are certain certain pockets where its way common for individuals to carry firearms. Just, just a thing, I think it comes that ranch culture maybe, but but yeah, I've seen them talking online about uh it's technically against the law, and I thought, well, that's not a terrible, it's not a terrible law that you can't wear a mask and carry a firearm.
Well,
and I don't think they're saying, okay,
I don't think they're saying you shouldn't wear master, you shouldn't have to wear a mask. I think it's more of a, it'd be nice if the people in charge would like father to dot the I's and cross the I's and he'll put exceptions in to let us otherwise keep living the way we were living. And to know that it's not, it's not going to be a problem. That's
that's what at least the person I was reading. That's what
they were, that's what they were saying. And they make a good point, they do this all the time, this all the time in the criminal laws where they
they
add, they add something at which then confuses the issue without about fixing it. Yeah.
I
I was really sort of scared early on. Um I started like picking up a little extra food like probably in february, like I was way ahead of the curve. I
I saw this coming but then I remember it really freaked me out if one random weekend march I go to the grocery store and the shelves are very empty and I'm just like
ok, this went from, I'm a little concerned to oh my gosh, everybody's panicking and that like that like turned my stomach a little and just I just remember that trip being so anxious. Um Yeah and so then I mean my
husband and I ended up both being at home for a couple
of, well I had to I still went to work but I only go in once a week with small office, it was an essential job so I had to keep going. My husband that gave him a full time off without pay, so
no, sorry, full time off with pay. They kept paying him, they kept paying
him. It was really nice. They gave, it was, it was funny, it was like a vacation, It was like six weeks or two months, I can't remember. And then when he went back, he was, he went back for like every other week and then that became half days, one week, full days the next week and that's what they're still doing. Uh huh.
But
yeah, and because like he works in the courts so they don't, they,
they had pushed everything out to mid july so they just didn't have as much going on and they didn't need people there all day and even now they're kind of, they're doing a lot of like hearings over zoom. Um they
were limiting
how many people could come into the courthouse, Everybody's wearing masks.
Uh So yeah, they're being careful. But as soon as he went back, I sort of felt like, okay, well here actually the public, so if I'm going to get sick, I'm going to get it through him. It felt like at that point like I had a lot less control over it. Certainly then like when we were mostly staying home all week. Okay. What
about you guys? Has it been for you?
Quick.
yeah.
All
Absolutely.
through
That's nice
of you.
I heard out here like people kept kept saying like I can't get delivery. Like, like I thought you were gonna say like once everything started, you just you just couldn't get it anyway. I
don't
you
probably did save yourself, save yourself a lot of hassle, but it was it was a nice gesture. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I think those signs are so sometimes may be counterintuitive because I don't see like you can only get four cans of something. Well, I was only planning to get to, but if they're literally again, maybe I should get forced. I don't have to come back next week. I don't know. Uh
create panic.
Yeah, I was I was sort of noticing every week I go to the store and you sort of noticed when things started to trickle back in and yeah, you'd start seeing a few paper products, and finally a 2, 3 weeks ago I started seeing hand sanitizer on every trip. So I
think we're I think we're mostly back to normal
here.
I do. Those prices are still higher like meat produce to spend a little bit if you're like the quality is not like it looks like it's sitting, I don't know.
I
follow a cooking blog, I get the recipe sent to me and it was, I remember a month or so into this, she said you know I've been doing a lot of recipes from the pantry from Can but I was at the store and I noticed there's all this fresh food and nobody's buying the fresh food so I'm going to cook more from that and do that kind of thing. And I thought yeah, I think she's right. I think that I sometimes it seems like the produce isn't as good because it's been sitting longer and then I wonder if it gets backed up in the supply chain so it's taking longer to get things out of the field.
No
but it's kind of yeah kind of yeah
it's
been hit or miss
at least.
No
I was just gonna say at least we can be flexible and like you know a lot of it like you just adjust to make what they had. Yeah
that is the timer. We made it to 25 minutes. That didn't take too long.
It was nice talking to you as well as pleasure to meet again.
Take
care
and stay safe out there and I hope you get to get to travel some more. Not too long from now
it
thank you.
Bye.