Yeah, hi,
yeah, how you doing? I'm so sorry, I'm a little bit later, I was looking for my headphones and didn't manage to find them.
What?
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you okay, I'm just trying to keep my voice down a little bit because my husband is in the other room also on the phone call so I'm kind of like,
but
let me know
if you have any
problems.
I
Right,
how are
you doing the Perfect,
thank good.
I'm in new york, where are you
I
love
Chicago,
you know
I just
went in november
last year, yeah, november last year.
no just I just for a visit so I just came, I basically just moved to new york into the States in um august of last year, so yeah,
useful,
I mean um no, so I moved permanently here, I'm like yeah, I'm a resident now and um I mean I'm just doing whatever travel kind of like I'm okay
to do besides working and just like getting to know the country in that way um wasted right now. There is a little bit challenging because obviously intensive.
exactly. I think that's almost like I feel almost everywhere, but you have to quarantine for two weeks first before you can do anything else, so obviously I'm feeling worth it. Um But uh that's what it is.
I'm from Poland original me. Yeah. But
Yeah.
No, no, sorry, I was just, I was just asking if you've always been nearby Chicago role
one.
got
it, that
one.
like the most significant years, Right?
Well um well it was love. I yeah, I met my husband here while I was a couple of years ago, I was here on an internship and yeah, we were sort of like going back and forth. I was living in London at the time, so we were going back and forth for like a year and a half, um trying to figure out whether we want to stay in europe or come to the states and new york one.
very
much. It was, it was a tough call and it's like, of course it's not easy, especially now for me, you know, I'm not,
I'm not
able to go back to europe like anytime soon I guess. So that's like a little bit rough. It's not easy. Um Oh yeah,
what are you going to do about that? It would have been just as hard for my husband if we would have been in europe and he would be in that
same situation. So
something tired.
I love it. I mean, new york is like one of the few places on this earth that I really just like sort of always felt kind of like, like bonded and attached to like a really weird way. It was like, you know, it was strange. Like the first time that I set food on to new york, I was instantly in love and I was just like, I really love
the city. I think it's a great place. Have you ever been?
Yeah.
It's
terrible. Like it's those two kind of people, right? The ones that
really kind of like love the more suburban kind of like quiet time and they all said yeah, just really love the city for me. It's like, I've always been like, I always grew up in major cities so I'm very much used to that. So it's like, but you know, like I also found time to time like we just grave to be outside. I feel for me what's difficult most difficult about new york is that I don't really have that wild nature, like really close by, whereas in like all the european cities Um I could have just like jumped on any like subway or even on the bike and just like 30 minutes away, there would have been just like some nature from like actual nature, new york, like the best you can get is like Central Park or something like that, but that's also like constructed like a very like food.
so
not the same, It's really not the same. So I feel like that I sometimes feel a little bit close in even though it's such a huge city. I feel then sometimes if I don't get that outlet of just like being out
what?
Well
nana.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean the national parks that's like definitely one of the things that I'm craving to explore about America. Like I feel it's just such a like quintessential american beauty kind of like the country seriously and
Prison.
it is right. Yeah. Yeah.
And
Yeah. That's definitely very much on top of the list
face.
Yeah. I can imagine. I actually can imagine bad. I don't know, maybe that was a good time. Like I complain with that idea basically just like renting a car with my husband and just doing like a rope cross country a little bit because in a way it's the safest form of travel that you can do right now, you know? And with the mobility that you that we both at the moment have with like working from home, I feel that I don't know, I like I'm very torn to be honest. Like on the one hand, I would really love to kind of like utilize that situation and maybe that opportunity to do that. But on the other hand, I do want to be safe and I do want to be respectful to where it's like other people who, you know who I may be an engagement to buy traveling. I don't know. It's it's weird. It's just weird.
I didn't even think
you're
bad
to
be
honest. I'm sorry, sorry. I just said like that didn't even occur to me because yes, like health insurance, that's like the one thing here that is so confusing
where
I'm just so much of my mindset of like, oh it doesn't matter wherever I am, it's gonna be good,
you know it Yeah
I'm
no
I'm
I
and
don't let
or
What?
I
know
but she
would
course,
Henry that's
thanks.
You know Exactly and I feel like that's the thing like if you're being sensible, you know like if you take care like if you are out in public somewhere and you wear the mask, it's like these are like precautions that you can make where you know you keep yourself and everybody around you safe, right? Um
But yeah, it's just it's just in general just such an uncertain climate with you know, also like for me also with like the quarantine and everything. So again like if I would cross state um orders
right, like
what does that mean? Like I would still just travel by car, but if I'm just passing through do I still have to quarantine? Like it's so many questions that
It's
not,
I guess right. Like I'm I'm also really
an option.
And
recently I found out it also depends whether it's like federal law or state law because there is also some discrepancies all of the time.
That.
Oh my God
it sounds completely
and complicated. Yeah.
Um I mean it is less complex I would say because we do have like like the country in its own right is not as big as the U. S. So we're dealing with like a much smaller kind of like scale of that. Um We do have different counties as well and of course like you also always have like certain extra regulations and like you know just like some other I guess I would say like laws within that but they're never as major. Like the main difference maybe maybe in like a parking ticket in Warsaw is going to cost you X. Amount whereas in Krakow it's going to cost you why amount? You know like it's it's more those little differences but we're really I feel like the proper big laws the important stuff that stuff that would be the court case that always has just like the state law. It's just like one law and that's like all you have.
Well
whatever was not relevant anymore. Exactly. Yeah. That's like that's
like
one of you?
Beautiful
Probably
Yeah, I know, but it also like that's the thing like okay, I get it. But then at the same time you have to be sensible enough to understand why the mask is required right now and it's, you know,
like
gorgeous person.
No,
I think
What about
it?
got that. But other than that, like just in general, how have you been, how have you been personally like dealing with the whole quarantine situation? How was
it for you?
Everything
This
now.
right
with
correct.
Just
to sprint up the amount of people in the office,
we've got
uh
interesting,
Canada
Mhm
It's been okay, like I feel it was similar, like I also, I also started being worried about that around february and I was kind of like, you know, feeling that something is definitely coming, um but it was still okay, like I remember that we used to still go to the gym for example, um like in the beginning of March, like I was still kind of like I was disinfecting everything very thoroughly, like, you know, like I would avoid touching things, I haven't really worn the mask yet at this point, but I was starting to consider it um and I think then when it like really hit was like, I think around like in like the second week of
March, that's when like the talks of like quarantining and everything started and that's all like when when I started being like more nervous about it um like thank God like I was already working from home at this point anyways. Um so that was okay, so that didn't change much for me. Um My husband Bill, like he he started working from home then as well and we just, I mean it's new york, we have a tiny apartment of course, right? Um
when we have just moved in december, so we haven't really, we haven't had the chance to figure the apartment out
in terms of like how can we co work in the same space? Because that also never, never was occasionally, you know, But then all of a sudden we were both in a really small space working at the same time and then of course had his challenges, you know, because he's on a call and then when I'm going to call, it's kind of like, it would interfere with each other sometimes a little bit because we broke also, we both in the beginning intended to be very loud on the phone call. You know how when you like have your flex in and you can't really hear you come talking, so you're just like basically scream without meaning to.
So that was kind of like that took some time to like figure out and you know, getting used to but worked out pretty well. Thank God. I think it was really strange for us as well because as you said, like the grocery situation, um so in the beginning we used to get our groceries delivered because it was just more convenient. Once that started, we actually chose to leave those delivery slots open for like people that cannot physically go or that are like more of like 100 group
um until I stopped having the delivery because I knew that I'm safer going into a grocery store than someone that might not be.
Thank
you.
I mean
probably I couldn't have because like I just heard how
everything
like as you said like I went to the store and it was empty like certain aisles were just and he completely emptied out. And then you know you have those signs of like for example like the meat aisle, you would have the signs of like only two packets for a customer and things like that. Like that rational.
Exactly.
Toilet paper was there saying you know toilet paper was the one thing that was impossible to get. It was crazy
when
I think so too. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. Like I mean at least when it comes to like availability of things right? So.
I know I agree with that but it's like I'm also kind of like I've noticed that and I also wasn't sure if that's just that's another if that's an actual thing but it feels like it's a
thing.
Yeah. That's
possible.
down
one.
Yeah. Very much know. Very much so. I know I've been just
happy. Sorry. I don't know. It's just familiar
with them.
Here
That didn't take long at all. Like that grandpa like a dream. I had a wonderful time talking to you.
I'm very
sorry
for
Thank you so much. Same for you and stay safe. Stay well
and it's a black to you.
Take