Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm Sure. Uh huh Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, but mhm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just Uh huh mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Thank you. Mm See, Hi, I'm sorry.
Um It's
my computer.
I've been having like technical issues so my computer may like shut off randomly made right there and I'll try to come back
or
I'm amy,
is this your first one?
I think it's sexy man mushroom. Yeah,
they're so easy and so worth it. Very from
Oh me too.
Well, what about
Oh, I'm in um West L. A. Like Westwood.
Well what would be,
so so close.
Oh wait that is so funny.
Yeah, I'm like, I don't go to santa Monica that much but
I don't
know
more Or is it, wow.
How is it living in Korea tub? Mhm
Well
More. No, I understand. Have you been created him for a while?
I feel like to wear in the valley.
I don't know. Ok, ok. Yeah. I haven't heard of carlita, My
currency thing.
Yeah, I see that.
Yeah, it's very hard. It's like um L. A. Is like, it's a nice contrast to where I'm from. I'm from like two hours away in words like
east, west, east. Yeah. Yeah,
I go to school out here
more um use yellow.
What made you want to move to the valley? Mhm.
that's cool. And then what made you move back to Korea town?
Uh
huh.
Yeah.
Oh, since you grew up in santa Monica, what are some places you recommend?
Think
I'd have to
try
that.
I never actually tried that. I'm literally going to write that down.
All
Hey, I'm literally gonna write that down.
Wait, that's not funny. Yeah. Because usually when I talk to people like through these um sessions, it's like they they're like um you're on the east coast or midwest or something like that. Yeah,
I
never
met anyone else from California actually, actually, no, I think one was from san Diego, I'm not sure.
I think this is my fifth one. Actually, I completed the four and they're like, oh you can do more. And I was like, okay,
honestly, this is just like nice side money
and
yeah, I don't know how is Covid treating you? Okay.
Oh really? I didn't know.
No.
Yeah, I know.
it's so crazy because because I live like in the university area, people have been so like reckless if there's literally like a party, like there were like 20 people walking down like yeah, it was so bad. And then I barely I barely started going back to work and I've just been so paranoid even like leaving the house. But it's been like a long while. But yeah
It's crazy because you've been in like I was talking to some people and like they were talking about like they were in L. A. All these six months. I moved back. I barely moved back. And then because I was back at home for these past like six months when covid like when outbreak an outbreak out really serious and like so much happened in L. A. In these six months like the protests. And
they were talking about how the did the, I think it was like the when they curfew, did that affect koreatown? Did koreatown have a curfew?
I'm
I remember that. I remember
reading
We're kidding. Were you like were you one of the people in the protest or like were you at the protest already?
It was well.
It
was why
so
long? It's crazy that he only gave me 30 seconds. Like where the hell did he expect you to go? It's like he what did the what was the um like why did he even asked to? So then how did you get out? Did he like um handcuff you take you like did he like get you in the car? Like what were you by yourself?
What?
Whoa.
No.
Are you okay like are you like
we're holding people at the santa Monica airport.
This is
That is so infuriating For what like. Oh my gosh. Yeah it was crazy because um I remember I was at home and like we found out like twitter was blowing up because we found out that U. C. L. A. Was holding people to and people were so furious and variegated because U. C. L. A. Had just put out they had just put something out that stated um Like we stand in solidarity with black lives matter everything that's going on. Um And then they allow the baseball the baseball stadium that's called the Jackie Robinson. Yeah to hold people that were arrested. So um like U. C. L. A. Students were pissed. Like they even the like a lot of the professors like they like they were like excuse me like what's going on and then our freaking dean um are deemed like had the audacity to be like oh we didn't know what was going on, we didn't give them permission and it was just like really like you didn't know what was happening.
Yeah, it was. Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry you had to go through that.
It's crazy because it's
like they were just dismissing them and it's like then why did you want to hold them in the first place where you're
trying
to make them for you?
Only,
how did people get back from L. A. X. Is like the thing like how do you just expect people to leave L. A. X. Because it's crazy because like the people who are probably their duty and stuff like that's not like they're probably people that like probably didn't have as much access to leave and stuff, so just dropping them off at L. A. X. You might as well drop them back off where you pick them up. Like that's
were you and your boyfriend transported
to the area?
Where did he get dropped off at?
When insane. That is. It's I feel like that is did they ever like figure out, like did they ever, like, what did they say were randomly changing the curve you without telling people. I feel like the mayor put out like a weak state that was like, oh sorry, we do care about the people or something like that. I can't remember.
Yeah. No. Yeah, that is yeah.
Um the city where I'm from our protests like made it on like big tv. Like there were a lot of news
reports there too. Yeah, it was in san Bernardino I've heard of Scotland.
Yeah, the protest like made a pretty big too. They started firing there too. It was crazy. Um when I was there to like the helicopters, they were like um you need to leave now as we're going to arrest everyone. Yeah, like luckily like um I was fortunate enough that nothing had happened, but I know my friend had gotten too because she was like more in the front. Yeah and she's like oh my gosh, it's like so painful.
Yeah and then I know my friend in san Diego it was they were having a peaceful protest was like a virgil ceremony and they still got Gaston like they still shot fire. But yeah, absolutely insane. But
well
I mean on um let's on like a less heartening, disheartening subject, what are you doing to stay sane during covid? During quarantine times?
What do you, what do you do at home? Did you pick up any hobbies? Did you?
I see that a lot on, I see that on pickup. Yeah,
if that is so cool. Have you? What have you so or what have you done?
that's so interesting because I didn't
know that you could use it for like repair and stuff
like that. More people used it to do that because usually when I see it, they're doing like decorative stuff, they're doing it like they already, they like have like a blank canvas of like a jacket or, or like a sweater or something and they're like using needle point to create a design. So Yeah.
Well
for repair,
Yeah, that that sounds so cool. Especially like I, I feel like usually when I get like um chaperone or like fire up, um I usually just toss those genes because I'm like, I'm like, how do you prepare that? Especially when it's there, it's like, that is so cool,
Oh, that's so nice.
know. And it's always so, it's so sad to
like, and I'm really aware of until it gets so bad if it's just like a small farm, like I'm gonna keep wearing them because you know who's gonna look there anyway
And a little until finally it will like actually rib I'm like, okay now it's time to go.
book are you reading right now?
What is that about? I haven't heard of it.
Yeah, I'm reading. Um I just looked on google right now. It looks kind of interesting.
I'm really understandable. Yeah. I think those are one of those are the best books. Is it programming to like computer programming? Our
How are you liking it?
Do
I get that? I feel like um school just started last week. Last week was like our first week of school. And it's like the, like when I talked to people, they're like, yeah, this first week has been like the most breast, like I feel like teachers are still throwing a lot of stuff at you and like if anything they learn more stuff at you because it is online. Um So it's just been like a lot of material for like everyone during these times. But yeah, that's so cool that you're picking up on everything. Like I feel like you're using this time very productively.
Yeah. You heard?
Mhm. That's not interesting.
Yeah, they, everything's on zoom basically.
Like literally it's so funny and will be put out like in class will be put out into like breakout rooms. So like um and then everyone's computer, everyone's computer screen will be off. Everyone just like everyone just like a needs themselves, like, hey, so what you get for this answer, which is so probably like it, it's such a funny time to be going to school right now.
Younger kids, yeah,
I can. I must be so hard. And like um kids, I always think back to like um people like um people whose parents
don't know computer, like, like
your kids don't like if you're in kindergarten and your parents don't know computer. Like, like if I had done this like years back, I feel like I would have been so screwed. Like my parents did not know how to help me. Just so funny.
What
and
how did you learn how to do a needle point? Like youtube videos or
well
While
Reddit is all right. I read it is so helpful.
Older.
The older siblings, you need just like advice whoever posts on Reddit. Like I'm always like, thank you so much. Like for you to,
Yeah. Actually because sorry, I'm trying to charge my laptop right now and
it's like not worthy. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
I didn't read
it. I've been getting into like stop. I've been like doing like, um, yeah, I've been looking into stocks a lot and read it. Just like tells you everything. You need to know
what
This one, honey. Yeah. And people, I don't know if they're just, they're so experienced. So they just know and they're so open with like helping people help and it's all like, like you don't even know who you're helping. It's like funny and crazy at the same time. Okay. Some
Mm
Well,
Yeah. You need to be so patient to be doing that because it's so,
it's
so
detail oriented. I feel like
when
my
apartment,
but oh my gosh, I feel like once you get through that you can do anything man. Like if you have the patience to learn that you can learn like anything else.
What?
No, no, I feel like I picked up so many, I've tried to do so many hobbies that I was just like okay we're done after like a week or so. I'm like okay, moving on to the next, when we walk for the next craft. Yeah.
Okay. So I'm a little more basic but I honestly just like I've just been um like I do I just zoom a lot of people and like
I like I feel like I've reconnected with a lot of people that like I haven't talked to in a long time. Sounds like able to keep its. I don't know. I think like when I left for college I just
I lost connection. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I left and it was so bad. I think I was so in the mindset of like I wanna be like I want to be like a new person or something like that like I was or and also like transitioning the colours was such a hard time that he didn't have time to like check in so it really gives me time to like check back in and stuff. It's been years and so that was really nice and we just like play games together and stuff like online,
like that's just I don't know, I've just been playing a lot more online games, which is something that I never really did before, so.
Yeah. And I I feel like it's quarantine has been a nice, like I wasn't at home for that long for that long in such a long time, like it was six months of just being at home and
we can't leave, so you're forced to be with your family too, so it's just been like a lot of family time.
Yeah, because um my other sibling had to come back home to, so they were like pretty um like they were like pretty excited, I feel like they're always excited when someone has to move back home because like, I have a lot of siblings, so we always like rotate out every couple of years or something, like someone moves back, but then like the other one will have finished college and moved back home or something, so. Yeah, not too bad.
Yeah. Yeah, I grew up there and
then I just moved here like four years. I like it, so we're saying moved out here, but it feels like I literally moved out here because I literally would would only go
home
like, like probably like 30 days a year or something like that. It was crazy.
It's my God, literally, I feel like um I thought I'd go to like the beach so often. Oh my gosh,
it
going to Korea town from where I'm at right now is like a 30 minute Uber is and that's a 40 minute Uber. It's so expensive. Uber's are so expensive. And if you go on the bus it's like cheaper on the bus. But it's so long on the bus. Like a two hour bus friend that you're just like, okay.
Yeah. I know. We used to literally, he and my friends were just like my freshman year, we used to just ride on the bus everywhere. It was nice. So it was because they were like really cheap. It was like 25 cents versus a $10 Uber or something. Mm Except for the time.
That's what I think
too. Yeah. I was like
yeah if anything else sleep. Yeah I sleep really easy. So. Yeah. Okay.
Normal.
Wait like where I'm at right now or like everywhere in L. A. Welcome
third C. Buy used in L. A. There is trying to think, ok there's this Taiwanese place. They have like I'm Taiwanese. So like it just reminds me of home a lot. They
have like Taiwanese
beef rolls that are so good. And like my parents don't even make Taiwanese beef rolls when I ate it. Like the only other time I ate it was like when I was actually in Taiwan, it's
Northern cafe. And
that is really good. Yeah they have like noodles or stuff like that. They have like three different noodle places. They have like three different places. But yeah, there be fools. So good. Yeah.
Yeah. But and that's like right next to easier. Like that's like in Westwood on third Street promenade. There's this place called brooks is it's a chicken waffle place. I don't know if you've had that. Have you tried it?
Yeah. That I'm always like a sucker for like um chicken and waffles. So like, you know like Roscoe's, I don't know if you can't help but like proxies is like, it's like a sandwich. So they have like flavors and it's so good. Like that's always like my go to um in koreatown to. Mm Cream fried chicken. Right? Always. Yeah.
Yeah. You have a korean fried chicken places that you like out there. There's so many.
What?
Have you tried the origami before? Origami juma food
on. Yeah, that second sattana. They okay, they up the price.
It used to be like, you don noodles for like $5 for like $6 for a big bowl. That place is so good. But then the up the prices to like $11 and it's like, yeah,
I know.
I, I have to be in the mood. I feel like I hate us so much like the past
few years that like now I'm like okay with it. But like, I feel like, but I'm like a big noodle person. So I do middles. But
Sajida
or
is it, is, it might be like to start with a D.
Patsy.
Is
it?
I haven't tried that one.
my
english.
Whoa,
nancy.
That one's, you know, one's right next to, I think it's volcano two or something like that
or Okay. Okay.
That's so interesting. Okay. Because I feel like, um, not like Tatsu doesn't get the rate that like everyone gives to Geeta
and
stuff,
Everyone goes there, but no one goes to tattoo. But I feel like the people that do go to Tatsu, like the people actually eat a lot. Like they love Tatsu over like the three places
I had young.
Thank you. Okay. Uh huh. I think that is our 25 minute mark.
Yeah, it was nice talking to you.
You should so much information, like good places and your stories, But yeah. All
It was it's refreshing to talk to someone where it wasn't like, I feel like sometimes when I talked to people, it was more of a one sided conversation or it was more of a short, it was like a question answer question answer type deal. Yeah. It was nice to actually like have a conversation with someone. Yeah. All right. Bye.