No worries.
Is
my
Okay. Sounds good. Yeah.
Hi, I'm Isabelle.
Thanks to you.
Yeah, this is my first, I heard you can do up to like five I think.
wow.
I'm in L. A.
Hey
women creative.
What's funny? Right,
right down the street. That's funny.
I grew up in santa Monica,
isn't it? What are the chances
I mean
it
anymore? It's gonna
People.
I mean with the coronavirus, everything's pretty much
shut down. Um Well everything's opening up again but I feel weird about going out right.
Uh This is just about two years now. I came I was in san Monica forever and then I went to live in the valley for a little bit and then I came back like a couple years ago. Uh that was only in the valley for like a year. But it was like a different world.
Our leader, like the other side of the valley.
it's
not really close to Northridge. It's sort of parallel to Northridge is like the distance. Mhm.
But on the eastern side of the valley. Very hot.
Well
Okay. What made you move over here?
That's nice. Where?
Hey that's cool leaving.
Uh It's cheaper. And my friend had a house out there. Um So I got to print out the garage but
uh she sold her house and she moved up to North L. A. Or not northern California. Really?
Yeah.
Uh
Yeah.
Uh As far as santa Monica goes it's changed a lot since I've lived there. Um But the places that are still open on Main Street, there's a mexican spot called Holy Guacamole.
Love it. Um
to
help
you.
And they're open super late to their open until
like, so if you're ever in the bars in the area they're open until around when the bars close. So it's very useful
and they make all the food right in front of you. You can watch them. It's a it's an experience.
Where
is
it,
how many of you done so far?
Uh huh, racking up the bills? She
yeah seriously don't
even leave your house
far so good. Apparently the uh blood uh blood types that are more resistant to it or. Oh and I'm o positive.
Yeah I just read a study yesterday about it because I'm hella paranoid. I'm so
I do not want to get it. Although most people end up being asymptomatic anyway
it's clarifying just reading other people's experiences of what they've gone through and even months after negative all the lung damage and heart damage and.
it's crazy how selfish and ignorant people can get. I don't understand.
No.
Yeah I think all of L. A. Had a curfew um and when those protests were going down I was actually arrested because of the curfew they had. So I was in santa Monica for the protests
and the curfew they had announced was six o'clock and then they know it was eight o'clock and then they switched it to six o'clock without telling anybody
and
so I was trying to leave and the police officer that had pulled me aside was like okay you have 30 seconds to get out of here. And I turned to walk away and then just bam cuffs. I'm just like
I was in the protest during most of the daytime and when the sun started like going down and people were heading out and the looting was getting intense. I wanted to leave because cops were firing rubber bullets and tear gas.
You are indiscriminate against protesters and looters. And so I was I'm scared like cops don't care and
I
just
wanted to get
Mhm. No, I was with my boyfriend, although he got separated from me in the crowd a little bit and so when they put the it wasn't cuffs, it was just the zip ties, but they sat me down on the sidewalk, zip tied with my hands behind my back and I couldn't answer my phone and he was calling me, my boyfriend was calling me like where are you got to get out of here?
He hadn't been arrested yet.
And uh he
saw me across the street with like a line of other people sitting next to me, I'm pretty sure like a lot of them were looters to their like backpacks full of stuff and no signs or anything and he saw me across the street and he went up to a cop and they just arrested him too. So, uh, then,
I ended up having bruising and I was like pretty dehydrated because they let us out after six hours of just, we were sitting on the sidewalk forever. They transported us in big blue bus is like they scott. Uh, and sheriff's department buses like to transport prisoners because it wasn't just cop cars because they arrested so many people. And uh, so they took us all on a big blue bus to the santa Monica airport. And
yeah, so many
like hundreds of people were processed and then after we had our paperwork all filled out and got our ticket or whatever. Uh, they would drive people to the time to the santa Monica, like barrier to the other cities and just drop us off.
On your own campus, That's not a good look for you, Dean.
Yeah. Uh, I'm, I mean it is what it is. Life is stranger than fiction. Just the irony of that whole experience. Uh, but my court date came and went and I went to the courthouse at L. A. X. Which is where I was assigned and they were just dismissing everybody like they weren't even
online.
You
don't
and nowhere online did it say we were all dismissed. Like they had a sign out front so we didn't even have to go inside. But you had to literally go all the way to L. A. X. To figure out what was happening instead
of online.
yeah, they didn't want anybody back in santa Monica and my car was all the way back over there and my phone was almost dead
on this.
No,
he got dropped off I think around Westwood actually. Uh, it would have been, no, I think like Seattle and olympic or Sepulveda. It's like right at the santa Monica border outside of santa Monica. So
It must have been something to save face a little bit, but I don't recall anything that made me feel better about it. It's like, oh, thank you.
And even before that, they were like firing out on the protesters with these massive rubber bullets and
national.
that's the major city.
I know people had like brags and like little things of milk that if they ended up getting people breathe through it.
Your own citizens, man, You live with us, but
I don't know. They're above the law. Certainly.
This self quarantining a lot. I don't go out to eat, I don't go out to bars or parties. Uh My boyfriend has a little bit, but he knows my stance on it and he knows like I've thrown all the science at him and uh it's just taking his life into his own hands and putting his mom at risk and blah blah blah, but like mask and gloves every time I go out I only go out through groceries and to the pharmacy. Uh I've gotten tested a bunch at the dodger stadium, just the drive through, testing all negative.
Yeah, I've actually picked up needle point richard infuriating for me because I am not patient at all,
I go there and read it. Mhm
Um Well I've done a lot of repairs on clothing uh like fixed a lot of holes and a lot of like frayed edges. Um but decorative stuff, I've only started to figure out different patterns. Mhm.
But
that's right,
Yeah,
you're like
um I fixed like, you know the chub rub when your jeans rubbed against your inner thighs and you get holes. Um There's a japanese uh method called Sachiko, which is like this decorative repair pattern where you a fix a separate piece of fabric behind the well you can do it on top too, but it looks better if it's behind the terror or the whole, and then you can sew a pattern on top of it, and it ends up being a really strong repair. And I wonder if I can show you a picture on my phone.
so you end up getting like these decorative patterns,
I'm not being super strong and they're really pretty, so you don't have to throw away because it's your favorite pair of jeans is always the one that gets the whole because you wear them the most off. Oh,
but
you know which?
Yeah. Yeah. So that's something I've started um and programming and just finishing on my backlog of books that I've been needing to read. Hold on,
I just finished a science fiction called Snow Crash.
It's it's sort of about uh like virtual reality, what virtual reality was proposed to look like back in the nineties. Uh huh came out in 1992 and the writer was a programmer and he he named the protagonist, hero protagonist. Uh huh.
It's super cool. It's a lot of fun if you like sci fi and it's very accessible. It's not like a ton of, I mean there is a bunch of jargon in it, but he makes it funny and uh spells.
I am going on coursera three classes.
Online learning is frustrating for me.
I'm
trying. Yes, I uh I got super frustrated with downtime, like I'm not good at being bored and just kicking back. I need to be doing something so
might as well do something useful
for class. You guys have office hours. Still
earth.
Yeah. I can't even imagine like your
preschool or something,
but
Well,
no, or like you just don't have what I mean. I guess most computers do have webcams now, but yeah, I'm thinking back to when I was growing up, webcams were super expensive and my parents
would never have spent the money on that. I
would have been screwed.
Um So yeah, a lot of Youtube videos and a lot of um
like step by step picture tutorials, there's, I don't know if you go on Reddit, but
there's a subreddit for um it's called visible mending.
It really, really
is.
Everybody knows something useful and thank all those people who actually do post that usefulness.
No, no words.
So
government.
All
I know is like the memes like stalks. Yeah.
Yeah. So that's where I get most of my information, which ends up bringing me to Youtube or two blogs or to whatever. Yeah.
Um My friends also gifted me a bunch of like decorative loss.
That's what they call the thread. It's just floss. And so I have like a bunch of, just a bunch of that laying around.
And
bye
bye.
And everything has to be just so, and not good with that. Not good with my hands like that.
I
have
to go back and re thread stuff and undo knots and yeah. Uh huh.
If you don't get frustrated and just put it down which
I do.
What's her favorite thing that you've done? Mhm.
What
left?
That's cool.
I mean whatever you do that keeps you happy honestly.
And I respect.
Yeah. Yeah. That sounds really nice. Did your parents, were they receptive to your coming back?
Okay. And you grew up in san Bernardino
contrast?
I
mean
getting out of L. A. Is very hard. Yes. Traffic and travel.
You've
been from West L. A. Even from U. C. L. A. It'll take like half an hour 45 minutes.
And you never know who's gonna be on the bus with you and this. Yeah.
A month ago we're gonna be sitting in traffic anyway like an extra half an hour.
Never
talk with your friends.
what's your favorite place to eat? Other
other effects to it?
For our U. C. L. A. Than anywhere in L. A.
Let's
walk
what
Northern?
Love me some rules.
I haven't been there since that opened up.
Mhm.
really are. It's hard to choose. Uh Yeah, sink I don't know what it's called. I know it's up. Punk took. It's right
in your wilshire normandie. Um But there's that's not the one I'm thinking of, that's like my second favorite. Uh I don't know what it's called.
Nothing
up to.
That's rough.
Do you like ramen?
Bernie.
I'm so bad with names but there's this roman spot on sato that has
I. Sergio is amazing too but it's
not
psycho Kia I love as well. But no, not either of those.
Mhm. It might be talks I think it is Tatsu
and
like the chicken, like this cloudy thick chicken broth one. There is
Mahmud, I'm pretty sure it is toxic. Ooh, I'm trying to figure
out.
But yeah, it just reminds me of uh it reminds me of the marathon packets a little
bit but it's just like
a fancy fresh and the broth is just like well on God. It's like it's got like healing powers. Well, so so yeah, that uh talked to, I'm pretty sure on sata.
Yes. In in that little like parking.
Talk to that like
I
know
everybody goes to severe proceeded to annex Cool.
Yeah. And you can order outside on like the little little tablet
which I like.
Sounds good.
Yeah. You too.
I'm glad I got to talk to somebody in L. A. That's really think what are the chances? That's hilarious.
I