sure. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, I love my brother. Sure. Yeah. Okay. All right. Mhm. No. Yeah. Right. Mhm. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, don't you think? Mhm. Look. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Hi everybody, can everybody hear me? Okay and see my screen? Yes. Great. I think um All right Juliette, does it look like we have most people that were signed up for this, so? Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm probably good to get started. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Numbers. Okay. All right, well thank you. Thank you. Everyone that decided to join. We're super excited that you are interested in learning more about the ambassador program. Um So we'll just kind of jump right in um and introduce ourselves a lot of the way. Um and there we go. So my name's leah Dietrich. I am the co chair of the local board out of Arlington for limited gardener. I have been with Gardner for almost five years. I've been working with the women and partner previously on the gardener side when it was kind of a silo off of the women and sales and then when it relaunched after the acquisition of CBP, I've been a member are, I've been involved in a member of the board for the last two years. Um That's pretty much it for me. I guess I'll pass along to our other board members to give you a quick introduction with themselves. Yeah. Okay. It's Mario.
time.
How are you doing? Pretty good.
I'm good. How are you doing?
Well how, how what?
Oh my With what?
Um, you know, staying inside, Not doing anything really, really bored. What
about you?
there's just
nothing,
yep. I'm like inside working all day and then at the end of the day I'm still inside. Yeah.
Oh you're moving right now.
You said you're in the process of moving?
gotcha.
What do you do to try and not stay to not be bored? What do you do during your day?
What?
Mhm.
try
to
try to find things to cook um and then maybe read some things and then wait for it all to start again tomorrow.
Yeah I kind of just do the same thing every day. Try
and cook new things and read something and then same thing the next day. How?
No.
Do you get to stay with family at least at your own friends and family?
What's what?
Oh are you at least around friends and family
gun? That makes it easier.
That makes it easier. Some people are completely by themselves through this whole thing so it's good to have family.
what was I doing before covered
I was living in a different state for one. and then had I had a
different job also and had more time outside.
Yeah lot of changes the past year. Yeah.
Yeah. No normally I'm outside more and visiting with people more so it's been a little different. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Uh where are you, where are you at right now? Do you guys have lockdowns going on where you are? Yeah.
Yeah I think everybody's going through more lockdowns again.
No. Yeah.
I think everybody is starting to panic a little bit more because if things go on lockdown again then um jobs are at risk and access to health care is at risk again. So we're starting to hit that curb of everybody panicking. Oh
Yeah I've done this a few times. Just like a an easy way to get some extra cash. Yeah. I think you're my third person I've done this with just because it's like yeah, sure
I'll sign up.
Have you done this one before? The video shouting? Yeah.
Thank you. Have a good smile through. It's good to find friendly people on here. Sometimes I'm worried like what if they're really mean or don't want to talk? Yeah. Uh huh.
no, no, I'm not
grand.
No, not married but not single.
What about you?
What about
you?
Are you
single?
Your family?
You
are or
not.
You said
you are you said you are single or not single?
Oh no, I I imagine it's pretty hard to date and meet people right now to I've heard from some of my friends and it's just it's so exhausting trying to meet new people and build relationships. Yeah. Because nobody can go out anywhere. I have my one friend who's been dating somebody for like nine
months,
but they've only seen each other twice because of COVID. Yeah. Yeah.
Because what?
Yeah. Yeah. Everything's on video chat
like me someday. What do you mean?
You will you'll find somebody? Oh yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
What?
No, it's true. You'll find somebody, there's somebody out there for everybody
just got to find them or they have to find you. Uh huh. Uh huh.
After
Covid,
Yeah, I had a friend who she did online dating And she met like 40 people that she tried dating and didn't work. And then she finally found the one person after like three years, but she didn't give up and she met a lot of people and just like nope, nope nope. And then she finally found the one person. Yeah.
Yeah. She's
very persistent.
Say that again.
Um I think she just kept, she decided what she wanted and didn't alter it, like didn't steer away from that. So if somebody didn't meet her standards was just like no and she went to the next person and the next person and the next person and then just
finally found them
and they're married now they have a kid and everything. What?
It's very fast.
Yeah. They have one kid.
Of what?
No,
not yet. No.
So um for in the future we've been dating for almost five years, but we're like we don't need the marriage paper, like we're already together.
huh.
I don't know, it's just kind of it feels more relaxed and happy to not have that huge label. Like we're already together so we don't need to show everybody else that four together and because we're married, it's just kind of already feels that way.
I mean everybody already knows. I guess we don't like the formality of it of this huge ceremony and all that stuff. I think if we do get married it's going to be like this quiet little thing of okay, we're married now and that's it.
I think so. Yeah. I think we do but I don't know. We'll have to take it one step at a time.
One
sport. I think we're the kind of people where it's like we can have a kid and everybody will be confused is why we have a kid when we're not married. But to us it's like it's there's no difference.
Yeah. Yeah. I think like a child means more commitment than a marriage certificate.
I
think so
it's relaxing less. What about you? Do you want a big wedding someday? Does your family want a big wedding someday? I know ours probably does but they're not going to get
one.
They want what?
10 years? That's a good timeline.
Yeah. No rush.
Yeah that's a guy like that phrase. That's a good phrase.
So what kind of trying to get another question. What kind of shows or movies do you watch or books do you read?
I haven't seen any good ones recently. What's the best one you've seen recently?
And
so what?
00 That's old.
I think
I've heard of it but I don't think I've seen it. Yeah.
Uh huh I'll have to look it up. I'm more of like the tv show. It's like shorter attention. I don't have to focus so long. Yeah.
What?
I'll
add it to my movie list. I do have a long one like trying to catch up on 5-10 years worth of movies. I'll add it on there.
I it's hard for me to keep up with all of them that come out. I think I only just watched the new Jumanji that came
out
like eight years ago. I just watched it.
It was funny.
Anything with Jack Black? Um And then kevin Hart. He's so funny. I'll watch anything with him. Yeah.
What
do I like?
I mean I watch some comedy shows or I'll read um
That's pretty much it. I'm a pretty boring person. I really don't do much. What? Uh huh.
Something that it's a it's a feel good show, but I also like, like psycho horror thrillers. Those are fun too. Yeah.
Yeah. If I watch a horror movie, it has to be in the daylight with plenty of daylight left in the day before I have to go to bed, so don't sleep.
Look, I am very scared. I get scared very
easily.
Well,
If I watch it at night, I have to immediately watch something funny afterwards just to distract me from everything I just saw.
Well,
I think we hit our 25 minutes.
Anything
else where we hang up and never, never see each other again.
Thank you. I appreciate
that.
Well, I'm glad you finally got ahold of somebody on here and I'm glad to been able to speak with somebody really nice again.
Thank you.
Okay, we'll stay safe and stay healthy. Um I'm so happy through this mess. Yeah. All right,
well,
it was nice
talking with you by,