Hello?
You hear me? Hi
kitty.
that's okay. I
love
I'm well my name is Ian, how are you?
I'm sorry. Valerie Hi Valerie happy.
It's okay. It's fine. I uh I love the black and whites to the tuxedos.
I don't have a cat of my own but my girlfriend's got two tuxedos too so
bobby and Chico. Yeah.
How old is he or she?
that's
that makes sense. Yeah.
Is she excited to explore everything?
They feel safe. Yeah.
that's
that's
yeah I'm in Central New Jersey but I have I have a lot
of friends in
the Bay Area so I'm pretty familiar mostly on the
yeah mostly on the san Francisco side. But I got a couple friends in Oakland to
Yeah so you guys are through with the wildfires, like all the smoke and everything is gone.
No.
no.
Uh Did so were you in the barrier originally where when you moved there or did you move from somewhere far away?
So
so no, it's an interesting story actually, I was born
and raised in Kansas.
So I lived in Kansas until I was 11. Both my parents are students there um
And then yeah and then after they graduated we moved to Central New Jersey um and I ended up going to Rutgers um but I did live in sf for a couple of years. Um So I was in a nob hill um So
yeah, so working out there that ended up moving back here uh and I've been here ever since, so yeah
I probably because I kicked it off that way.
Um So I'm in I'm in basking ridge like I usually because if you're not from the area like you really don't know um
Anything
not to be condescending or anything but I just throw out Central Jersey um to make it easier because
North
Jersey,
yeah North Jersey is pretty much associated with New york. Um And South Jersey is associated with philadelphia, so we're kind of like in between and
it's
yeah those three parts of the state are very distinct, so it's like northern California and southern California very different. Um
But despite being a very small state we actually have three distinct parts that are
you know socially different economically different. Like it's just it could not be any more different for such a small area.
I would say it's a lot more um a lot more suburban areas here. So Northern New Jersey obviously with you know the proximity to New york city, it's very very urban. Um And uh Southern New Jersey there's parts of it that are really really rural until you get closer to fill. Yes. Um But uh here it's just your typical suburbs of two major cities. Yeah.
Yeah it's um it's very very unique um You know there's uh I think there's almost 10 million people in the state. Um Despite being I don't even know like maybe like the fourth or fifth smallest state.
Yeah. Yeah. So even despite the population density there are parts that are just totally just woods and nothing there. Um Yeah there's uh the Jersey Devil is uh the New Jersey Devils. I don't know if you're in the hockey or not but that hockey teams named after the Jersey Devil and it's uh you know a myth or an urban legend or in this case a rural legend of this devil creature that lives in the woods of South Jersey.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we got
some
crazy
stuff.
Yeah. Yeah I'm not a huge hockey fan but I do know that little fun fact.
that's
going
in person yeah go to person is really cool. Um I can't really watch on tv but in person like the action is pretty intense.
if you're
sitting
down
the board
and you know you get tired of getting checked into the boards and they actually feel it too.
So did
you
go to
say hope Jose?
does does the bar go down there or how do you get there? We
have to drive.
just
just
seems like the whole pandemic started.
I wouldn't either. Yeah.
Oh so totally different, like you don't even know where it goes down?
I wonder
um if that was for the 49 ers the football games down there um
I think it's just
south
of
there.
Yeah, yeah, so there's so much change going on. Crazy year, crazy year um How
are you holding
up
well um
I think similar to California, we were one of the hotspots in the country, it was like, it's weird how like on opposite ends of the country where the two hotspots right, so you had like Washington state California and New Jersey and new york um But it was, it was bad, very bad in the beginning and it's starting to get back to those levels again, so
yeah, so um it was saturday there were 1900 new cases and we hadn't
been over 1000 in a long time and then we had two consecutive days over 1000 cases, so it's kind of concerned that it's going in the wrong direction. Um
Yeah.
Yeah.
so
I'm
on,
yeah, I'm kind of like on your side on this line of thinking is like we need to make sure that everything is right before we really open everything up again, and they opened up New Jersey um indoor dining, I want to say about a month ago. Um But at 25% capacity though, uh but that's that's it's very difficult to enforce, right, and like these places that are opening, it's hard to blame them, like if they're allowed to open,
they
want
to maximize
Like as a restaurant, like it's tough like you still have your, you know, your rent or mortgage or whatever of the building that you have to pay, you have employees that you have to worry about. So, it's it's very difficult
if you tell them they can open their it's hard to blame them for trying to maximize, you know, the
hours
that
they are
open.
Right? Right. So it's tough. And I've
only gone out eating once and it was outdoor dining. Um you know, I guess the benefit of that is we're eating a lot more at home and eating a lot more healthily. Uh So,
exactly, I love cooking to begin with. So
um it's really not an issue for me, like it's
an
opportunity.
So
like, I mean, there's a lot of great restaurants out where you are to like it's a little bit more difficult to find good restaurants here. You have to drive a little bit further, but
it's
Well, I mean, I could I could just get a baguette and some good butter and that would be that would make me happy
so. Yeah.
All right. All right. So but you know it's it's not a bad thing, you know, it's not like you know your your unhealthier overweight or anything like that so enjoy yourself
like
and you move to a new neighborhood so like you have to find out what's around you so there's nothing wrong
with that.
And
and
your support and your supporting local businesses to write. Uh huh.
That's cool.
You make it exactly
how you want it and you know there's there's something to be said for knowing what's in the food that you're consuming too because you control everything that's put in it. So even if you're eating something that could be considered indulgent like you know, it's not as bad as it could be, you know, loaded up with butter or sugar or whatever that these restaurants
could.
Right. Alright so no it's uh it's a good thing, I mean like I said I've always enjoyed cooking but like now is the opportunity to try new types
of food to different cuisines and everything. Okay, we've been experimenting a lot with indian food, like Middle Eastern food
and
they the spices are like just so unique from what you're used to or at least from what I'm used to that, it's just it's this new amazing thing and
I love it.
Yeah, no question, yep. So it's like the balance and you know the I guess kind of being judicious with the spices is good also it's not just
like
jumping
like yeah right
so
I
do
know some
people yeah. Oh yeah, I love doing that, like you can like dry it in a pan.
Yeah
and it really brings out like the essential flavors and everything in it, so then
you throw
them in the
grinder which is always fun.
Right? Right. Another fun fact about Central New Jersey um Edison
is actually kind of like little India, so there's a huge indian population. Yeah, so that's uh it's not far from me, maybe like 2025 minutes. Um So I do have access to like all the good spices and like everything there. Um And and to your point is uh those are critical to have like the good quality fresh spices so.
I mean
there's I know there's a large asian population um in the Bay Area um
like
that.
great. Great tacos. Yeah, I was
in
the mission a lot for fish tacos.
Well it depends like what you're doing, like the barbecue stuff is fairly straightforward, like the hot pot is a little bit more challenging. Um But I'm sure,
I'm sure
there's
asian
markets. Yeah, I'm sure there's asian markets by you and they have like those pouches of like the broth, like the powder and the mixed
stuff, so yeah, so start there and then see what you like and then try making it on your own.
I know, I'm a
sucker
for
carbs
Yeah. Yeah. And like you can always make like pickles, you can make kimchi, like all that stuff
is really straightforward.
Yeah, they do use like all the different flavors, like was it sour? Sweet,
bitter. Yeah, it's like all the like the four or five like slavery combinations that exist. Um But I I know the pickles are done originally for preservation purposes, like a
lot of different cultures did that, right, so you wouldn't waste food. Um But it's incredible how something that was done for preservation turned into something that's so delicious too.
can definitely
respect
that.
I read about that, you know.
Did you did you like it? Did she like
it?
It's
very different. Like you wouldn't think it's it's a very unique, unique pleasure?
Right.
No,
I
couldn't either.
of people
say it's earthy but like what does he really mean? Like it's not like mushrooms, you know?
I love mushrooms too, but
and then then you have to move to like the white truffles to which are slightly different than the black
truffles.
so that's awesome because you guys can have farmers markets year round out there right?
Yeah. That's that's the thing. I miss the most like our seasons here awful like.
Being born and raised there and like living there as long as you have like it's totally different in New Jersey and it was in Kansas to like Kansas was the worst like in the summer it would get 210 and in the winter it would get below zero to like 10 below. So like you get
the extremes in both directions like it's definitely something that you would not be used to.
I mean new york can get pretty bad to um you know, so you're
actually
lucky that you got a little bit of like snow and not like the whole thing because we'll
get
your
like we'll get blizzards here where you get 18 20 inches
and that
yeah things do shut down like even though we're somewhat used to it um It's difficult because like public transportation comes to a halt, like the trains they can't clear off
the snow fast enough and like the buses can't go around without the plows getting the roads like so um it's definitely different but I guess you know with more people working remotely now it's not as much of a challenge.
So
I
guess
I am I am I'm independent marketing consultant so I uh
yeah I have the ability to kind of set my own hours um which is very nice. Um And
yeah, very much so and like you know I'm doing this call because like I'm always trying to make a little bit extra money just to have, you know, savings
high because you have no idea what's going to happen. Um I really don't
know,
got
it.
so
for the most part, like this is a new experience for me, like the video chat thing, but like I actually enjoyed doing most of the studies on prolific because like
you know, they, I don't want to say targeted, but like they're geared towards you and
your interests
and what you do, so like I find them quite interesting and they're conducted generally by universities, right?
And like graduate students, so it's, it's on a different level um and I kind of find it like mentally challenging to do some of these things, so it's fun.
cool,
Uh huh
I had
to think I have either, I've gotten one maybe on like it was uh like instagram using instagram to like uh endorse or publicize the product and like the influence of like social influencers on my decision making, which I mean I'm on instagram a fair amount just to, you know, check out with my friends and family were doing everything, but like I don't follow influencers, so it was uh that was a very unique thing for me to do to.
All
yeah, yeah, like I generally don't follow like the mainstream, um not that, you know, a rebel or anything like that, but I I don't use social media to follow other people that you know, do things to gain more followers.
Right, right, Exactly, exactly,
yeah, yeah, but well it looks like we've achieved our mission here.
It was
definitely a good conversation. Yeah.
So,
No. Thank you. So, good luck in your new place and give the kid a hug for me
and
all
Have a great
day.
Thank
you.
You too.
Alright. You too. Take care.