Hi.
Excuse
me. Shit about to be like, but cat comes into my screen.
my
fault. How are you doing?
Yeah, Nice to meet you. My name is Valerie.
Doing pretty good. Doing pretty good. Other than my cat jumping all over my screen.
They're adorable. Yeah, I am.
What are their names?
I love that. You know, naming cats is really, really hard. The name of my cat is still like a point of contention in my family.
So she's four years old. She has a twin or a litter mate who lives with my mom. But yeah. Um she acts like a kitten still. Mm mhm. I
am. I recently moved and she's just exploring um my new place. I think it's like the third day that I brought her here. I moved a couple of months ago, but I've decided to bring her here a little bit later to let things like settle down a little bit.
Yeah. So she's still like you know, sniffing around and yelling at me like where am I and I'm like you're here
so excited. Um She even like the first day that I brought her back here, I end up bringing her back here at night, which was an ideal. Um But I started with the bathroom, I'm just because I heard it was like good to start with like enclosed space, they can feel good about it.
Yeah, exactly, but then I actually ended up like opening everything other than the living room in the kitchen on the first day. Um So she slept in my bed and like all of that. Um And yeah, now she's totally fine, she still is eating, you know all the plants were trying to figure out a solution to that, but but yeah, tonight she just um she did get a little bit scared again because I'm not sure where you live, but I live in um in Oakland in the Bay Area. Um and we've got some serious wind right now, so there's like all kinds of sounds. Um So she
was just reacting
to that a little bit too,
doesn't
it?
I heard him a lot.
I'm cool. That's cool.
You
know, we really thought we were done and literally
yesterday I received a text from PG being like, we're going to shut off your power and I was like, oh no. Um yeah, because of all the wind, um the fact that it's still warm here, so it's still like 75 I think during the day is here. Um they're actually looking at fire conditions again for the next couple of days and I was like, no,
no, I actually, um I was born and raised in the Bay Area. Um I went
to college here at work here now. Yeah. What about you? Born and raised Central New Jersey or
do
tell. Mm
so
Sienna
And what do you do in Central New Jersey? I feel like I have the need to say Central. I don't know why.
No.
No, I
don't. Right.
No, no,
I totally
hear you.
You're like,
I'm neither of those.
Very
Whoa,
wow. How would you describe that? Central New Jersey is different than the northern or the southern?
Right in between. Yeah, I wouldn't expect rural from New Jersey necessarily, but I also don't know what I expect of New Jersey. I've never been there. So
Well, yeah, tiny tiny
What
I
want
to know, how
can you that's named after it.
I recently got into hockey because I went to um well, I got into like mildly like appreciate hockey now because I went to a game. Yeah, Well
argued for
Covid.
Yeah, it's hard pounding. I'm like, oh my God. And
it
was
you
like,
it is wild. I was like, wait, this has been here this whole time and I'm just hearing about it.
They
do
like
Yeah, I didn't yeah, I saw the sharks. Yeah,
it
doesn't, I um I drove, I went with a friend, but actually fun fact, I just want to talk to someone about this
because I'm excited and also weirded out about it. Um So I actually haven't taken part in a couple actually since March. No, no,
no.
Yeah, I hadn't been taking birth because
I've been working with mel and just it's so weird right? Um But I took part again the other day and basically instead of being like the Freeman direction, it was this other name and I was like what?
I was like wasn't what direction is this? Um And basically they built a new Bart station in san Jose, they finally got it to san Jose. I
know it's
my
body,
although
companies
just now.
how
it is in
Jersey
Well.
man.
Well
yeah, no I'm not sure how cases are doing in California right now.
Um But I do know what I see and so I know we have we've kind of moved into like the purple phase um
and so they're shouting to allow indoor dining again, I was like what is happening like did
you
all
forget?
they
want
the
most money they can make right now. Yeah.
Here
I didn't
do as
much
as
I can. Yeah.
I.
cooking are you cooking?
What
fellow
food
lover it
is.
another
literally I'm a five minute so maybe even less than a five minute walk away from a french bakery and when I tell you the temptation to go there every day, so this past two weeks I've literally just been eating like where my mouth does not stop chewing, I'm like Valerie.
it's
delicious.
I get
it.
I have
to try all the foods that's here and every item there.
Yeah it was my mom's
birthday.
that's what I tell myself I'm like to fight little businesses, it was my mom's birthday um two days ago so I ordered, I went to the bakery and I was like alrighty we're getting all the tarts and uh huh I got to trial. That's hard. They were delicious. But
no, I actually cook really frequently to, I just enjoy cooking for myself. I there's something like there's something different about home cooked food and when I eat restaurant food too much, I start to miss it and it's like the way you make it, the way you want to, like, you add the extra broccoli because you like broccoli or
whatever.
Right. It's
exactly how much you wanted it. Yeah.
That
love
indians.
As
no, that's so cool. An indian cooking I think is one of those categories of cooking where I feel like you have to have good spices and you have to understand how to work with spices to get the outcome that you're looking for because like I find that a lot of people when they cook with spices it's just kind of like a through random spices in and they'll figure it out. But indian cooking I think it's a lot more like mindful of combinations to get like that exact smokiness or sweetness that you're looking for in a dish. So.
Don't
go
crazy.
Yeah. A
lot
of
dry
roasting.
Yeah. Uh
huh.
It's
so
interesting.
Oh yeah. Yeah and then you start from the whole spices which means like it's just as fresh as it's going to get, you know
that
no I'm so jealous. Although I guess like we do have obviously all cultures food here um it's still slightly different to have a whole city dedicated to who I will say. I
have
actually
I'm
trying to think what we don't have a large population of. I'm like, we have really good tacos, we have really good
The
accident
just chef's kiss all the time because I live in Oakland now. This is like, I think one of the best areas for street tacos and taco trucks. Uh huh. But even like, you know, I went for um I've been creating korean for the past couple of link weeks. I actually maybe going to try to make something at home. We shall see how that works out.
you just
need to
have
the rain
Jordan.
Yeah, I've been meaning to go get, basically I tried. Um So I've had like korean barbecue and stuff, but then I started branching out into more like, I guess not traditional but just other types of dishes because we tend to go heavy on the k barbecue here. Um But alright um took bookie, I was like, okay, rice cake, man, why have I never had rice cakes before? It's chewy. And I love carbs. Like, come on.
So
I do
want
to get yes person
tempting
drugs. I feel like Koreans had it figured out with the fact that you need something sour and spicy in every meal. I was craving, which is so badly.
Mommy,
Right.
Isn't it funny? Right. I always
think
about
that. Yeah, If it tastes good, I respect it. Yeah. No, I totally feel you. I've been actually experimenting. So one of the things I got my mom for her birthday was I guess it looks like a french theme unintentionally, but I got her a duck mousse pate. So, foie gras is illegal in California. Um
Yeah, and that was like one of the one thing she wanted to try and I was like, all right, we're gonna try to get as close to that as possible, because this is the one thing that you want. I will find it. I will hunt whatever is close enough down. So I found a duck mousse that's pretty like, I would say it's pretty close in terms of appearance and I feel like that's what it would taste like. I don't know, but I decided to kind of like experiment with. So while I was getting this foie gras esque moose, um I also ended up getting truffle butter, which it's super fancy. Like not usual of me, but I was like, maybe my mom would want to try this. Um So, it's just better that has truffle essential and then actual pieces of truffle. So
I
didn't like it. You know,
I am,
I've not tasted that before, other than I had a goat cheese that was truffle infused and that's when I kind of could sense like maybe I would like truffle because I like this. Uh huh
It's really good. I appreciated the ability to actually have chunks of truffle to try because I feel like um I was in paris actually around this time last year and I got a truffle pasta and I felt like I didn't really understand the flavor of truffle still. At that point, I was like, it's such a salt, like what, what is it? But now I feel like I understand, I cannot describe it to you, but
I
understand
it. It's just this
time.
No. And I'm a mushroom person. So I was like, yeah,
I mean
slightly
different flavor profile. Yeah. They actually have white truffle butter. They're at this place du it's out of farmers market, very wild. I like hunted them down.
Yes, it's so cool.
Oh, I just realized like other places don't have your help. Berbers.
trash.
No, no, it's funny because my, my family comes from Russia, but I've never experienced winter. Like the closest I've come to winters when I was in new york in december and it like snowed like three snowflakes and I was like, oh, snow. Yeah,
I did
hear them out.
I
got the training
snow. Yeah.
I can't
even picture that.
I
that's
true. Are you
working
by the way?
no.
And appreciate that right now to like
there
literally
and being
able
to promote means like, you know, you have the flexibility to take do things like this during the work day when like a lot of the opportunities pop up, right? Yeah.
I'm on prolific and I'm like all the studies, I will do them. I'll take the extra cash. Yeah.
Saying. Huh?
Isn't
it
what?
I know. I actually really love it too. So I work as a, as a design strategist for an innovation team. Um
They do a lot of research and so so I actually just generally love research, but I totally agree with you like that. Some of the game ones, I actually have so much fun with them. Or even ones like these. Um
It's like always a new experience. And I love the idea of like contributing, like you said to University studies and it's not like I at least personally I don't really get consumer studies like about products. Which
island.
And
you learned about something new. Probably taking that sir.
Yeah. You just kind of stay up with the people that you already have in your life.
No, I hear that. I am recently logged back into facebook after a long time of not being on there just because um we were doing this like thing for my friend like just trying to compile like his friends and his family to get him a PS five for his birthday um and I logged in and I was like first of all I have like a message from people from like three years ago because I never logged into this but um but yeah it's really just about staying in touch with people I like to not spend any time scrolling through. I was like don't care, I don't care me to the people I need to talk to.
so proud of us, it was so nice to meet you and
talk
thank
you know getting it. Thank you. Um
I will
thank you and
good luck,
good,
hopefully
you
know
every single clear up. But yeah have a good rest of your day.
II