Hello? Can you hear
me?
I'm good, how about you?
Have
you done this before?
Yeah I didn't one other time and it was pretty easy you just like chat about random stuff I guess. I don't know. So um what's up?
I'm from New Hampshire. What about you?
Oh cool. Of course. Yeah it's it's been hot, it's been really hot.
Oh my God. Yeah and my house doesn't have a C. So that's really fun.
it's pretty
bad.
it's okay, it's been a weird summer for sure. Um I'm in college right now so I had to like come home from school and everything. It was kind of weird um spend it with my parents and my family. But I'm moving I'm moving out at the end of the month so I'm kind
of relieved um upstate new york where I go to school.
Ithaca college.
Yeah
so it'll be good I'm off campus so I'll be like an apartment with some friends. I'm just excited to get out of the house.
Oh wow, that's lucky.
what are you
studying for?
Oh my God, that's actually insane. That's that's my major yeah. That's crazy.
Oh my
God, that's
actually
crazy. Oh my God. Yeah, I'm I'm
still an undergrad and I have a I have a minor nutrition and a major in health science, but like the program, it'll be fine, like I'll just go to grad school and like supplement what I need and stuff like that.
Um Where'd you go to school?
I have a friend in Pittsburgh, she really likes the area, so that's
Did you like it?
okay.
No,
for real, my parents were like just stay like learning, stay in school, just put off paying off your loans for as long as possible, like I'm
like, yeah,
I know, but at least they have, I think I saw something about like loan interest forgiveness at least for the year. So that will be a little something. But yeah, it's kind of crazy with like education and stuff right now
and it's,
I am, but they're just going to have so many precautions in place and my school basically they cut out like so many of the states, like new york is super strict obviously because new york city and everything and the governor is like super on that. So basically he set like a travel advisory for any state that's super serious and they have to quarantine for two weeks but my school didn't want to deal with quarantine. So they're just like, you're not coming back, you have to be online. So like basically
it's just like the east coast is allowed to come back at this point which is like really hard and really sad but at the same time like I kind of understand. I don't know, I see both sides. I
also I'm allowed to come back so I don't have the other point of view. I'm a little biased. But
Um They do I'm not really positive what they're doing with it. I mean
I know they sectioned off like certain dorms for quarantining and stuff. It's just super crazy. I don't know. I'm just glad I'm off campus because I hear like living on campus right now, it's just such an ordeal like all the stuff I feel bad for like the social scene, at least I got like a few years of like going to parties and stuff like that. But like people going into college now like they really
won't
get the same experience.
totally, totally. And that's like part of the college experience. You're not just paying for the education, you're paying for like the socialization and like the all the clubs and activities and stuff like that. Like you're not just buying a degree because
you could
get that
online for like so much cheaper. So. Yeah. I don't know. It's crazy,
I'm
not
I don't pay taxes yet so I didn't get it.
totally. No totally. It's crazy. I'm super happy like some people just got fucked over with like financial aid and everything like that. But like did you hear about the cares fund grant? Like they gave it to all the colleges and they like dispersed it to a bunch of people. So I got some of that which was
super helpful basically just like listed everything like that caused expenses for you because of the virus which was like a lot because everyone
just
had to drop everything. Yeah like basically
they wouldn't let me get any of my stuff for like I got myself a month ago and I went home in March. So
I was living out of a suitcase for like the whole summer. Which sucked because they're like you're not allowed to come back to the dorms so that was really annoying.
I
know me neither. It was so crazy. Um me and my friends were on spring break in London.
And they they shut down the country a day after we came back. So it
was so crazy. I know it was so scary because like three days before we were supposed to leave trump called that whole like like they're shutting down the borders and all my friends were like calling me, it was like two a.m. At night and they were all calling me like you're going to be stuck in another country, you're not getting back in. I'm like this is so stressful, don't
tell
me
that it was so scary and I I really wasn't sure if I was going to get back in the U. S. But I'm
just
happy I got back. Yeah. I know. I know it was crazy so that was kind of an experience and seeing it from like another country and stuff and at that point no one really thought it was that serious but like it got serious really quickly. Like in the
five days I was in europe like at the beginning me and my friends were like oh my god it's like
no
big
deal at all. And by the end were like holy crap we have to like quarantine in our rooms like thank god we even got back, like so crazy,
so crazy.
I know
there's just like no telling. It's just and it it upsets me so much. The worst part is like how political it's gotten, like
it's
just
so
sad. I know. I know and you you have to be careful with everyone about, it's like health, like why is health so political? It's like why can't everyone just want to be healthy and like, well I
don't
understand, it's been really hard, like some of my friends have different views than me and it's like
kind of awkward.
I know, but
at the same time like it's just, it's easy to see how like if you're in a different location you get a totally different viewpoint of it. Like
some places
are so much more serious and some family situations like I have a friend, she is a super conservative family and she just has like such a conservative view on it. I'm like, uh don't listen your parents like
read
an
article or something. Yeah.
There's
so
many like
what were you going to pay? Sorry,
I'm
talking
so much.
I've been doing it this summer and like it's been kind of like interesting. I don't know, like it's not a ton of extra money obviously, but it's kind of fun and I honestly, I just have it up on my computer when I'm just like watching tv or whatever and I have like the chrome plug in and so it'll like bang whenever there's a study and I'll just like do it when I'm like chilling or whatever. And Over the last few months I've made almost $150, which like isn't
much,
but like why not? You know, like just
for some
petty cash like
not
too
bad.
Yeah I've tried to find other ones, but honestly this is the one that's worked best for me, it's not like kind of sketchy and weird and like points or anything like it just gives you straight up money, you know? Which is nice. Um But I've liked this one so far, plus the studies are super interesting, you know like I've done some that I'm like wow this is actually really cool, like I would do this for fun like it's like test this video game simulation or something like that. So I think that's kind of interesting. But
no
totally
it's definitely not like a big thing and sometimes it's like it'll be days where there will be like no studies or something, But then they'll be like one day where you make like $15 or something which like for like
an
hour of work like. Absolutely
at
like this, we're just chatting for 25 minutes and we make like 15 bucks like that's
more than my paycheck. That's
more than I
make
minimum
wage.
Um Yeah do you like have any hobbies, what you've been doing to keep yourself entertained?
I get
that.
I feel that my family moved to New Hampshire after I went to college. So I have like zero friends like zero friends like
and
I've always.
Yeah I know
it's weird because like after you graduate from high school you think it's so easy to make friends and everything, but outside of school it's
It's
like.
like when you're a kid you're like
pushed together or you're like hey let's be friends but like as an adult it gets way harder.
I know
I lived in New Mexico before, so yeah, it was like a
big change. Um And I really miss it and like I had a lot of friends there and they all stayed in state, they went to school there, so I haven't seen all of them in a while and like we've kind of grown apart because of that, which is sad, but whatever that happens life. Um
But yeah,
it is and at least I have like, like friends at college and like in school and stuff, but like this summer has been like dead. It's funny. It's funny though because it's like not that big of a change for me, like the whole quarantine and stuff and everyone's complaining and I'm like, this is every holiday for me, like I don't do anything. I just think that we're like family.
no, I feel that. Yeah. It can also be like good to spend time with yourself. Like some people they can't be by themselves. I'm like that's a little
problematic.
Like you
should be able to spend time with yourself and just like entertain yourself without having outside stimulation all the time. I
don't
know.
Yeah, totally. I get that too. Like I have to take myself out of the equation sometimes with like friends and stuff. I'm not like the kind of person who always is with people. It
tires me out. It tires
me out. Like I get
exhausted.
it like sucks the energy out of the room
real. It's funny. Um But yeah, what else? I'm trying to think? You said you're into working out. I like working out too. That's cool. Like what kind of working out do you do? Like what style do you like to lift or what?
First her, I like a lot of stuff as well. I'm also like not a runner. I wish I was a runner. I like
think that
would be so cool.
Like I've been on Tiktok so much and quarantine and the whole like runners side of Tiktok where they're like, oh my God, did my five mile jog and they look gorgeous and like, look at me
like
that's not me. Like
I
can almost run like a mile if I take like a few breaks. Like
I
try,
I try.
exactly. I think some people just aren't like built to have the cardiovascular like strength for that because like I can work out, but I'm more like a short bursts. Like I like doing hit and stuff like that.
I wanted to get into weightlifting, but it's like intimidating. Especially in like college gyms when all the browser like lifting their weights and you're like, like
I don't want to look like a dumb but like but they look more like dumb butts, but like, I don't know, it's weird.
I always get kind of weird, I like going with my roommate because she's like super into that stuff, so I'm like, help me, what do I do?
Totally.
Ooh,
that
night.
no,
totally. That's how I feel. I don't even like necessarily were about the workouts, it's more just like the machines and like changing the weight settings and stuff
and
not
looking
like
doll.
or like when you can't reach it or something
or you
can't
grab
it and you're like and then someone like asked if you need help and you're like no,
like
don't
have me. Exactly,
it's so awkward. Um But I've tried to get into that. I like doing hot yoga. I used to do like hot yoga classes but obviously can't anymore. But I like hot yoga it's fine. But yeah, that's so cool. Like the same like major and like
concentration. That's really funny. I've never like really met someone else who's super into that too.
That's
I see the thing is I got like a super cool person last time too and we talked about like traveling and stuff like that.
So I
was like less dress but the first time I was super super scared I was worried I was going to get like 50 year old man or something
and
I
want
I
wasn't
gonna be or like someone who didn't really speak english that well or something like
super
awkward.
Yeah because like prolific like pretty international I think. I don't know if they take that into account like
language
or whatever. Yeah, I know. That's funny though. Um What do you like, what um what sort of nutrition are you going into? Like, are you doing like more like hospital again, a hospital or public health or what kind of setting?
totally, totally.
No, totally. I agree. It's super cool. I'm super into that. I don't know what I'm going to do, but my um like my advisor, she's like a public health person and she's like, you need to go into government like public health. I'm like, like that sounds so like boring. I don't know for me.
like that's what she did and she pushes it so hard, which is kind of annoying. I wish like
sometimes
like teachers and advisers would like push not just what they're interested in. I don't know.
I
know.
I know. So well see I've heard like it's harder to get internships now to after covid, so
No, totally, it's
it's
so weird,
I don't know,
luckily like I'm not in the next round, so I have like a little bit, I'm going into my junior year, so
I
little
bit
of time.
hopefully.
Oh my gosh, I hope so. They're like the new normal, this is the rest of your lives. I'm like,
please,
no, please
don't
say that, please don't say that. But
yeah, I know. It's weird to think like this is the kind of thing you like tell your grandkids and your kids and stuff. Like I lived through the pandemic and stuff
like that,
like to think it's like a global phenomenon happening to like everything where everybody right now, it's so weird. But yeah, weird times.
Um See I just like recently declared um I was I was like undecided, but I was kind of taking courses that we're on track, so I wasn't behind or anything, but now all my classes are kind of like out of orders, so I'm taking like freshman classes and classes with other people, so I haven't really like met a ton of people who are like, at the same point as me, which is kind of awkward. But um hopefully I'll meet some more people if I can, if schools stays live next semester, I don't know. We'll see, we'll see. Um I don't know.
Yeah. So what else? Let me think. We have a set a timer. We have four minutes. What can we think of?
Thanks.
dating
is
just like, no, no, I'm
terrible dating. I'm so bad at dating. Like I thought it would get easier in college and then I realized men are terrible. They are like disgusting.
It
doesn't matter
what
the age
they
are, they're terrible. So Yeah, and the pandemic like isn't helping this.
I
know,
it's like probably even more awkward than a real date.
no, for sure. Um Yeah, it's going to be really awkward in school, like I wonder how this is gonna impact like hook up culture in college
because like
yeah, it'll be bad. I don't know. We'll see though there's going to be people who like will not hook up at all, they'll be so scared and then some people like won't care at all. It's going to be interesting to see, I guess. We'll see. Um
Do
you
have
any like Yeah, I know, I know there's like so many like weird little things you have to think about. There's like in my town there's a ton of old people. So that's gonna be kind of weird. I feel like I'm gonna be a lot more worried just because it's a like a big retirement area. So
I don't know, I'll feel bad. Like if I'm not careful because it doesn't
just
impact me. So
No,
totally, totally. And it's so different to see, like I said, I have a friend who is conservative parents and her parents are also super young and so she doesn't really care at all. I mean she should still care because it's proven that it's not just old people, but she doesn't really care. And then on the other spectrum, my other two friends have parents who are doctors and they're both older
guys. So
this like they have super strict households versus my other friend. She like literally doesn't care, doesn't social distance, doesn't wear a mask. I'm like, you dumb.
Yeah, I think she does if she literally has to, but she did like, she's had, she's complained to us so much and
we're just like, I'm sorry. But like, like my friends just flame her. I feel bad. But like it's like,
I
know it's like you want to be nice. But also that's just long. Like
we can't agree
with that.
So that's been kind
of awkward.
I
know.
I
know.
Yeah. And she like brought up, she was like, yeah, my parents were telling me about how like CO two poisoning is a risk. I'm like, no, it's not. It's up.
I
know. And that's what we said. We're like, are you serious? Like
she's
like, we, we don't know the long term risks of wearing a mask. I'm
like,
what? the long term risk of getting Covid seem a little bit worse than wearing
a mask. You'll be fine baby.
I
know.
Yeah. No, it's been really, definitely hard. But also I feel like it's kind of good to just like see a different point of view because so much of the time,
I feel like you're like with people who have such similar views than you. So it's like good to see someone who is kind of a different different ideas about stuff because I don't
think
we should like just stick with people who think the same things as us, you know, and like to change ideas, you have to have open conversations. You know what I mean? Like if you're rude to people and you're like, that's wrong, that's wrong. Like they're not going to change their mind. You have to like hear them and then like share your ideas. I don't know. I just feel
like
this whole like clash back and forth doesn't do anything.
Exactly. Exactly. Like this girl is like made a lot of progress honestly like in college and just going to a super liberal school and hanging out with liberal people like
in the
beginning, and she was super like she was super pro life and stuff. And then like, I talked to her recently and she was like, yeah, like I wouldn't personally get an abortion, but if one of you did, like, I wouldn't like think you were damned to hell, and I'm like, you're
pro choice, That's literally pro choice. Like I'm not going to tell you, but like you are now.
It's
so funny. But like, I don't know, I think that's like the best way to kind of like have conversations in my opinion. But yeah, I think our time's up, but it was super nice talking to you. It
was
super cool.
Yeah. Oh, and congrats with your future, like career and everything. I hope, I hope it all goes well and the exams
and everything.
True.
True. And you have plenty of time to study. No distractions. Yeah. So
You too.
Bye.
Okay. How do you close?