Hello?
Good, how are you?
Good. I'm Christie, what's your name?
Do you? Nice. The work point.
Um where are you located or what state
I'm in texas Dallas.
quite
That's awesome. I love Waco Waco Waco is a great city
so.
no
problem.
in between there you
go.
There you
go.
Right that's true. Yes like right now I just had my air conditioning come on you probably I'm in a tank top, you know here in Texas so it's um it's still you know in the 80s. Um But I would say if you're coming from California the cost of living in texas is much lower. You
can
get much more for your money. Um Like the house that I'm in right now, like about my house here when I was 25 if I were in California like there's no way I can afford a house, like there's no way like it's just so much more expensive there. Um So I don't know, I I do like texas um tons of stuff to do. I would say to that there's a ton of companies coming to texas. I'm just with like the way um like the business policy and such like economics. So the more companies are here it's better cause then they tax the company's not the people as much. So anyway, but if you've got friends and family, you know, it's um I don't know, I feel like texas is texas is where it's at. But I mean other states are okay but I wasn't born into, I was actually born in California. But um I I love texas now. It's I can't imagine moving.
No,
you
will
love it.
it's
true. Yes. Yes.
No, it's not not really, not really. Like there's there's a lot of jokes about it, but and I mean all right to be fair, I think there is like a small, like, you know, extreme, you know, group were like, like texas should, you know, should secede from the union and we're going to be separate. And um I think that's just more like frustration with some of like the spending that might like look wasteful, like just you know, it's probably at the extreme right? You've got extremes on all on each side. But um no, we're not we're not going anywhere, so
there you go.
What? Oh my
gosh.
It's
crazy,
joe
biden.
what? Okay, what was this not in the news? That's
like
No,
like
this
is like insanity. That's not okay.
Like that's completely wrong, wow.
gosh,
that's correct. No, no. I mean I completely agree. Like that's the sort of stuff that it's like, like we need to like protect kids. Like I mean
thinking like these are like, I mean it they are so innocent and like that's just crazy. Like I feel like if that were in the news, people might feel differently and stuff, I mean there's, there's all sorts of stuff on both sides that I won't go there, but that is not okay to me, like that's like what, who would actually think that's okay? Like that's not okay.
calif California. Yeah, I remember um yeah, she's the one who went in without a mask, we will get a haircut, right?
Oh my gosh. Yeah,
whatever.
Uh No, I I've seen batman um I was actually in California, so I was in san Diego in March um right, when I guess actually like yeah I was in my uh there for for business and got the announcement that I like you all need to get back and like we're going to stop travel, you know through the end of april in which of course we all know what happened, you know, everything got extended and it got really bad. But even in san Diego, which I think is a nice place. I could not believe the number of homeless people like everywhere like, and I was like, I was at like the Doubletree, like a nice, you know, nice hotel. And I was surprised at the amount of security. So when I first saw the security was like, oh my gosh, like I don't know like and it's I think it's sad but it's also like, okay. I almost feel like some of them like they want to be homeless. Like they like it's like they're troy like, like not like okay hey, you know, having a bad situation but like they're like, well I just want to do drugs, I want to do this, I want to do whatever. And what I'm like, I don't know. It's just it's just it's sad.
All
Get
out of here. Yeah,
wow. Yeah. So as you're talking, it actually reminds me so um I wear, I like to work out but there's a woman there that was and I meant to go up to her at like after she was done with herself, but she had a shirt on that said don't California my texas. And like because there are some there are some people like coming here that like are happy to get out and other people like, oh well we need to be spending much more and all these like, and you know, yes, there needs to be some programs, but like not like, like we also don't want to tax the wazoo out of everyone. And like, there's, you know, a lot of people, you know, yes could use like a hand up like, but like not like just giving you free money and like, okay, like you're just gonna like not, not work and not do anything, but
I got a kick out of that shirt. I was just like, oh my gosh, like I love that shirt, but I'm probably not ballsy enough to wear it because you know, like, you don't know these days, like sometimes like if you're driving, if someone cuts you off, I'm tempted to honk my horn. But then I'm like, you know what, like, maybe I should just let it go because like, you never, I will say in texas, like people do like their guns, they like the second amendment and most people are responsible gun owners, but you just never know like road rage. I'm like, you know what, like, it's not worth me honking if someone, like if someone's, you know, might go off on me, so
All
gosh.
gosh.
You're
like,
gosh,
that's great. That's
crazy. That is so nuts. Um
That's, that's, that's crazy. And like, I would just, I'll just say like, I'm so sorry to hear that. Like, that's just like, it's just wrong. It's just wrong. Like, and that's got to be so challenging. Like if you're, if your child doesn't have all the same same exact skin tone or hair or whatever, like that's that stuff that actually reminds me of um my mom's cousin, um she's got like really fair, like she's like super fair skin, like um you know, red hair, um very um like I irish american and she married a man who is like the darkest african american man that you can imagine. And so their kids
like going out, so they've got three kids, they've been married now for over 20 years, they're super happy um together. But it's so tough because like shopping, it's like here's the white, you know, white mom with, you know, three
kids who look black, but hey,
hey there, she's cute,
what's
her name?
Hi JIA, very cute, very cute.
She
knows
it, she knows it. Oh,
that's the screen.
So sweet, very cool.
So yeah, um so with Covid, they're like, do you work from home, are you or you just, you know, taking care of your daughter now, What's,
what's that?
write
something else,
new
news. And
I
was like, uh
that's
tough.
no.
It's a deal
help
us,
that's
Area
But trying to, trying to do the right thing, right? And then also like, I don't want to get sick, like that's the other thing is, you know, you just never know, like if they're like, even if I recover quickly, I'm thinking like, we don't know, like 20 years from now, might there be some other like health issue just like what are the long-term impacts? Yeah. Yeah.
It's not knowing. I
am
right. I agree. I agree. Yeah.
I
am
some food. There
you go.
It's honestly,
it's it's it's that is to me that's silly. So like most things are open. Um So like movie theaters, main event bowling alleys, top golf. Um Those are all open restaurants I think are now, I don't remember if it's 75 or 100% capacity, but it's at least 75% capacity. You have to wear a mask when you enter, but once you are at your table you can take it off, leave your mask off. Um gyms are open. Uh Studio movie grill. They just opened. Yeah, they just opened um I'll be honest, I'm not going to movies anyway. Really? I generally um I probably sound I'm gonna sound cheap, I don't like going a movie and like feeling like, well if I can watch it here at home either for free or for cheap and then I can pause it, I can go to the bathroom, I can come back I can
rewind
I like
it.
That's
No like I am I drink here if I want a pop score if I want popcorn I'll just make it myself.
So
a ball of fun. Um That's that's good though but no I I completely agree it's um yeah that's it's tough so I don't know I'm just looking forward and once things are a little more back to normal I will say so like
job wise
in texas I do feel like there are a lot of jobs like open um I've been working from home um so I work in insurance and um it probably sounds boring but it's actually quite interesting and I would say um there's a lot of different opportunities within insurance especially because there are lots of old people retiring so you know as you know it sounds like you've got a good thing going right now but down the road I would just say think about insurance, property and casualty insurance because like every
business
needs insurance and you know they need property, you know property coverage, you know auto coverage workers comp all that stuff so even though it's like it's kind of boring I will say it's pays it pays decent um And uh if lots of people retiring they need they need more young people so
so
gosh fun fun. Do you do you guys ever go to like trampoline park? I was just thinking like what do kids do these days or three?
Well
she's three
so. Okay.
bankruptcy maybe. Okay.
that's so tough. Yeah I was just thinking too, so, well I was in SAn Diego and I will say that I was lucky that I got to go to this, but we did a dinner cruise like in the bay
and
but I was just thinking about that company. I was like they can't have a dinner cruises with like a bunch of people. Like I'm thinking myself, I wonder like if they are going to be able to stay in business, it's um there's just so many so many impacts to jobs and these companies, especially small companies and I mean even not even not probably not even small but also some of the larger ones to um customer facing. So it's it's definitely tough.
Here we go. Yeah.
Here
you again.
There we go.
no worries.
And
still.
huh. I've had that happen sometimes too, so yeah, it's um yeah, it's tough. Yeah, everyone's at home and I mean we're working and then also probably multitasking. I mean, if you're like me sometimes it's all right. If I don't have a conference call and I go, let me go do a load of laundry. Yeah.
me.
There you
go.
It's
more fun and right, like, hey, it's it's her own unique style.
That's cool. That's cool. Have you done a lot of these chats before?
good
looking
guys.
No,
no, like
weird. I was like,
like, oh gosh, that's that's not
cool. Like that's just like boring that you're you're kind of like, I don't know, like for me it must be like, yeah, I'm sure he's a really great date like for someone like, no, like that's awful, like.
good topic.
God,
that's awful.
that's
awful
world.
so
far.
So good. So this is my fifth, so I guess we get to do the six times, so I've had
couple of no shows before, so that that was a little frustrating, like waiting and then like, okay, like I think one time, like, I actually woke up like for eight o'clock in the morning, so I'm not sure why not, and I was like, okay, like, I don't know why I did that, but the person never showed up, but
um but overall it's been interesting and I'm kind of, I used to be more of an introvert and I think with this covid making me realize maybe I'm more of a social lead, you know, needed a person just having that, you know, interaction with people. So um but yeah, I just, I don't know, I found out about the original site um maybe
two months ago, so I'm pretty new to it, but I'm like, it's kind of neat just getting different, you know, surveys a little bit extra money here and there, so it's, it's
that's
that's awesome.
That's right. That's right. I'm like, I think, I think last month, I think I probably it was probably only like $100 like for the month, but I thought to myself, you know, that's 100 bucks I didn't have before just kind of fitting into my schedule here and there, like if it works out, so.
I agree.
That's really good. Yeah. No. Um Yeah, I think I joined that maybe in the summer, so.
Yeah I think
that's that's a good one trying
to think what other
ones. Um Yeah it all adds up, right. It
all adds up, that's your own schedule. So it's like why not? Why not? It's it's usually fun for the most part. I don't think I've ever had an interviewer who was ever like, you know, not that anyone's going to mean or like you know really like questioning you. Like you know like it's usually more like hey like what do you think? So? It's pretty open. Pretty easy.
So.
It's a hot topic.
Someone will
get offended. Yeah it's uh it's it's not easy. Yeah. So. Mhm.
Well um it's been good chatting with you
so I wish you will find the other surveys. Who knows? Uh
You're
cute daughter.
And I encourage you to move to texas if it works out for
you.
Yeah. That's nice talk with you too so.
all right,
thank
you. Thank you. You guys too.
Hey