Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Uh huh.
Hey how you doing?
Just peachy? Can't complain.
J j.
thank you.
Yeah California. What about you?
Uh How's my cell at the moment? I'm in California. However my daughter and I decided we're going to move, my mom's gonna move with us and we were actually looking at texas because we've got tons of freight friends in McGregor and in Waco and so
we're talking about that today and
is it?
So I know absolutely nothing about the state. We were just talking about it because all of our friends been trying for years to get us to move that way and so it was like all right, well I mean we'll throw that into the mix because my mom is from back east, I'm from
the
pacific northwest, so we're like all right well what about somewhere you know in between
not
not
going
to be freezing cold for you but still get a nice cool winter compared to what we get here in Cali,
is
it?
Yeah, that's
what all of our friends say once you go to texas and you've
been
there
even just a month. She was like, you know, you'll be hooked, you're not going to want to leave. And I was like, I keep hearing that over and over and over again. So it's
like this is
So is it true that texas is trying to become its own separate, independent area outside of the US? Because like here in California, you hear all that nonsense? I'm like, wow,
I would take extreme spending over idiot governors and crazy people that run the state of California any day.
Good Lord! I feel like I live in Gotham city from batman
because
it's like, I mean on one end of the spectrum, it's like you've got Gavin Newsom who can't tell left from right and who wants to keep like his latest thing now is if you go to a restaurant to eat, you still have to wear your mask and only remove it for a split second so you can shove your bite in your mouth. Well you seriously, and then we'll break
our
the other other things now. You've got, you know Kamala Harris and I forget what the guy's name is. But they, we
just
no, no, no, no, not not joe biden. She just spearheaded a new law that just got passed in California. That now makes it completely legal For an 18 year old to go have sex with an eight year old. And it is not pedophilia.
because
welcome to California. All these crazy laws have been passed under the table. And that's why that was the main reason. Like I told my mom, I said,
I got long hair. I can't do
it.
Remember.
No,
I mean, how many eight year old in your right mind or like, Oh yeah, I could go have sex with this guy. I'm
sorry.
Absolutely.
Don't even get me started. Like most, like for example, like Nancy Pelosi wanting to lower the voting age to 17. I'm sorry. At 17. I could care less one way or the other what was gonna happen. I did what all my friends said was cool. So let's realistically think about this here. We want to bring what and of course, once again, where is she from California?
Yeah. But no mask. And then had the audacity to say, oh well it's their fault for letting me get my hair done. I'm sorry, remind. What did you just say? Yes. It's, it's it's their fault. They walked that you walked in without your mask.
Yeah. Like I said, Gotham City, I don't know if you're familiar
with that man, but
it really, so the church that I used to go to before they decided to up and jump ship out of California tube, so it's no joke when you hear about the mass exodus of California, it's no joke. It is like serious people are literally when I say fleeing for their lives, I'm not being sarcastic,
like if you have a brain in your head, you
get the heck out of California.
But the church I was going to, we had a missions team and we would go feed the homeless and remember we would just go and sit out there. And I mean there's so many people I talked to and they're just like, you know, I can't kick my drug habits, you know, and it's a lot easier being on the street and what's crazy is in California. So like if I was a heroin addict or you know, used some other drug that required you know, needles, I can go into any Walgreens, take my used needles and they give me fresh needles because you know, they want to prevent HIV and all their welcome to California.
No.
It's crazy. Okay, so I'm Puerto Rican and italian my daughter, her father was, I mean every european you can possibly think of under the sun, that's her dad. Of course she gets my curly hair with his incredibly fair complexion. So
we'll go to the store, I can't tell you how many times, literally she screamed no, no, no, I've had people looking at me like I'm trying to kidnap this kid. To the point
where one lady actually had security come up to me, my mom and I are in cost and
she was just having a meltdown. She's three in this nap. The security comes up to us and it's just like ma'am, is everything alright here? We were getting reports that someone is trying to take this little girl. I was like, would
you like
to see her insurance cards? I've got pictures
from the birth on my phone. Like are you kidding?
No.
Yeah, people are just nuts out here.
I love it.
Sorry.
She does not. If you wanted to jump in the phone.
Thank
you.
You say I am gear. Mm hmm.
Never happens. Every time I get on one of these calls like she's napping in about five minutes into it. Never feels the second I walk away. Yes.
Who like
them
never
renounce.
Yeah,
so
bit of both. So I do a lot of this and like data entry stuff from home because it's like everything out here, it's like no sooner that like, hey you guys got the all clear to open up, it's like Newsom says up,
sorry, I gotta shut it down today.
So
I mean trying
to
work
and I think it was crazy as with being out here because so many people are out of work if you don't have more than a bachelor's and even a bachelor's isn't cutting it because a lot of people have like masters and phds are out of work, a lot of companies are instantly hiring. You know, obviously people fire degree. So it's like someone like me who just has their associate, it's like well good luck in that field because realistically when you bring to the table who's gonna have the better resume and you're in a competition with, people have their master's and ph. D. S. It's just
almost
impossible. And so it's like between this and like doing like data entry from home, that's pretty much all you can find out here unless you're brave enough to go work at like walmart where they just don't enforce anything. Like I had
a great today, how did I have to pick up? Oh I needed bubble rocks. Like I said we're moving And they sell like this like gnarly roll over there for only $20. Like three
yeah to walmart to do that. And so like down there was like 50 million people their mouth and
just
covering their chin. I'm thinking okay, I hate wearing the mask as much as the next person. However when you're hacking up along and I don't know what you've got and I got my three year old with me, we got some movies.
Is that what if it is just glue? The reality of the situation is because passing your germs like it's
just common sense. Like I hate the mask just as much as the next person. But Oh
And I think that's probably like not scary, but the most uh nerve wracking part about this whole virus is we don't know what the long term effects are going to be. So Yeah, Great, fine and dandy now, I mean you recover from this massive lung issue you have, but does that mean now, you know 10 years down the road you're only going to have 60% lung capacity or we're gonna start seeing influx of like COPD like what are the long term effects of this? And so I totally agree with you on that. I think that is the worst part like
is
not knowing exactly.
So in texas, do you guys have a lot more stuff because I mean virtually everything is still shut down here. There's, there's certain businesses that are allowed to reopen, but like for example, you can't go to a bar, but you can go to a bar and grill and as long
as you
order chips and guacamole,
you can look
down and have a drink, but I can't go to a regular bar and just have a drink.
Hope.
He
was bringing to the choir right now. I say that I just had a conversation with my sister. I was like, no, I just, if I can watch it at home, I watch it at home. I don't mind
waiting,
you know, 23 months for it to come out. I'm not going to
pay $18 for a movie ticket and then add my popcorn, everything. No
symbolically
when you have a three year old, the reality is you don't get to sit down and watch the movie, forget about it as you can see like feet coming back into the frame of this video right now. Like there's no such thing at a time
or
the
that's that's
good.
well that's that's good. Hey, I don't want you to go back to bed. My
child is part Tarzan. What as you can see what I'm she hangs over the side of the bed right now. Come
The
big
airport.
loves jumping. She could spend hours in there. But guess what? They're not open like chuck e cheese, got the ok to reopen and then like two weeks later they said sorry, shut it down. And so it's like now they're they're talking about like they're running the risk of potentially declare check
because they can't say open um I don't know if when you were in SAn Diego, but there is a restaurant that we had out here called soup Communication and they are SAn Diego based company, they had to shut their doors almost as early april late april somewhere around there because of everything. And About two months later they declared they were going to have to file chapter 13 go bankrupt because they we weren't allowed to reopen and so
Well that's
fine,
I can't remember if it's Macy's or Nordstrom, one of the two of them because they were closed for so long, I had to declare bankruptcy too, and it's like, I mean these are companies that have been established for years. I mean it's funny my sister and I were talking about it uh towards the beginning of last year. Um I don't know if you remember when toys r us went out of business? We said the day they actually shut their doors is the day everything goes downhill. I kid you not. They officially shut everything towards the end of last year. They tried to make a comeback for, you know, black friday, but it didn't happen. And then here comes 2020. All right,
To break with each month here in California, It's the running joke. All right. What is this month going to bring? What crazy new onset of nonsense will come about? And now with the election around the corner we're just like all right, that's all braced for impact because who knows
what's
gonna happen.
Crazy. Mhm. Uh huh. I think I lost you because it's it's frozen. Oh, okay. Ah It was yeah, it's got to be my connection because it keeps filtering. I'm watching the bars Go one way to the other and I'm slowly losing them. I get it's
funny because like at the beginning of 2020 when nobody was really on the Internet service now that everyone's moment on your internet good. I mean we pay for the highest mega or MPB or mp and that thing, Yeah. Yeah. Even
with
the highest one, it's like it'll still buff and I'm like, I quit.
Uh I feel like laundry is that never ending battles. Like I just did laundry two days ago and I'm like, where the heck did this pile of clothing come from? Like I've given up on trying to match socks. Especially tiny human socks. Oh my gosh, I've given
up she just has a drawer of socks and we just make sure they're the same length when we put shoes on,
they
were
given in the problem,
you don't know.
So this is my 3rd 1. I did 12 days ago and then another one the day before that. And so so far it has been, all three of them have been awesome. I haven't, I haven't
gotten
part
made with
anyone
that
no, that's always that's always my concern. I'm like shoot. And then it's like the first guy that I talked to, I was like, okay. I felt like I was like trying to like Whole any kind of conversation with him. Like I played like 50 Good Gillian questions, forget 50 questions like and it was just like his answers were just like uh huh Yeah right
most
Well, it's like I was even tried like I had asked him like what are you interested in? Because I love reading. So I know a lot of different things about different topics. And so I was like, okay, maybe if he's interested in something I know about, you know, that's a great compliment.
So he tells me that he loves robotics. I was like, oh perfect. Like I love coding. So there we go. Yeah, I know all the answers still. Just uh yeah. All right.
He tells
me that he was in the drum line. I was like, oh, okay, well I played the drums, UKulele and guitar once again. Uh Yeah, you wouldn't even look at me. I was like, oh, but
then
it was like, it was the
end of the conversation. He started cracking jokes and I was like, okay, well you at least have a sense of humor. We we can, we can work with. So like it was from like the 1st 15 minutes being just absolutely bored out of my mind, literally the last 10 minutes getting onto a blaster. But it was just the whole stand up routine with him considering, but so far so good. What
about
you
and that?
Oh, that's so frustrating.
I
absolutely. I like it. Like, I mean some of the surveys stuff because it's like, I mean necessarily finally, you know, 30 cents, but ultimately like I was doing the math. I was talking to my mom out there that she was like, you know, why do you keep doing all these surveys? And I was like, well in a day, realistically I'm making for maybe 45 minutes of my time, close to $30. So
especially
when I do like these ones like, so it pays off especially like, you know, compliments to everything being shut down here.
absolutely. And I like that they offer these ones too with like the higher pay. Um because
there's another site, I don't know if you've heard of it, but it's called respondent. And yeah, so I mean, I love that one because it's like most of their focus groups, you're getting paid $4050, they go straight to your paypal. So I mean, I love that from from that perspective because it's like, I mean, yeah, you may not get as many as you do prolific, but the payoffs are also higher
once
and down.
I definitely
like
absolutely
over here.
I'm always afraid that conversation is gonna turn political like that is always my biggest concern. And I'm like, I don't want to discuss politics with anybody because it's like no matter what you say,
it's totally
possible.
Thank you. Okay.
Likewise,
you know when I
tried
again,
I'm,
yeah, I'm so glad that we got to talk. It was a pleasure for me to you
have a good holiday and
good holiday season. I should like start coming up on
the phone.
All right. Thank you. Bye.