Okay. Yeah, I'm
doing all right. How are you?
Sounds good.
Yeah. I didn't throw a day at work. Always
good.
Yeah. What about you?
Gotcha.
I worked in finance.
No,
no, not quiet. I wish I did. It be nice if I did would be nice if I did. Uh
No, no, no. I worked at a oil and gas company. I just worked in the finance department there. Yeah.
Yeah. So where are you from
L. A. You're you're a dodger fan I I presume. Alright,
unfortunate.
That's
just I'm from Houston.
You can
hear the trash can drumming. Huh?
I'm actually, you know the funny thing is I'm not actually a big astro as big of an Astros fan as I am a a red Sox fan.
Um No, it's funny thing is is boston came from just me growing up like my my parents, my family is from Houston so so to age myself to show my age is uh uh we were watching the Houston Rockets and the boston Celtics play in the NBA finals Back in the mid 80's and my parents were our big basketball fans. So they said, hey, root for a team. So I had an older, older sibling that said I'm rooting for the Houston Rockets. So as the younger sibling, you have to choose the other team. So
I chose the boston Celtics. Oh, I've been a boston
Celtics fan in boston everything fans since that time.
It's not, it's not uh, they're doing so well. I'm going to root for.
No,
no,
no.
it's
it's
a bit different.
Yeah, I think I blew
out there one time
your stones
throw away.
Are
you a soccer
fan tube?
So you, you like the Galaxy, are you
more about the
pl
that's
like the NBA of soccer. Yeah,
Uh Off and on. Not as much as I watch, like the quote unquote popular us sports but like I watch it like when it's when it's on MSNBC shows it on saturday morning, so I watch it every saturday morning when I can so
so
I
watched
that, I'm sorry
Houston. I am. I
actually
live in Houston. Yeah. Yeah
so
Um it is right now it's Houston time is 8:00 and it is uh it is 90° so it's pretty hot out in L. A. Too. Right?
that's brutal.
Great.
Oh man, I'm so jealous.
Yeah. Yeah here in
Houston.
You don't want to be out here from probably around April to about October and that and it can go from like February, it's hit 90 before in February so you basically don't want to visit. There's only like a maybe a one month window where you can visit and has some decent weather.
Um I would say october to november sometime in that is where
it
kind
of
career. We're
part
we're
part
of
texas. Are your are your relatives in?
So
then he's even more hot hotter than I am right now.
all
No it's more of a concrete jungle here. It's all concrete and there's no no parts, no nothing no anything else. So have you grown up in L. A. Area? All your.
Okay. I was gonna say Vegas is relatively close right?
well
relative relative the rest like texas and new york. Okay?
Are you
Yeah we we my wife likes to travel so we try to we're back. Well I should go to las Vegas annually and plague play the penny slide. The low low limits were not well, I wish I was a high roller, but we're playing a little limit stuff. Just uh just to say we're there and watch people watch
We we focus on it, but we were not there to make our money back because out that we
set
ourselves
up for failure.
we we we it's more of an entertainment than a
let's go make some money type of business. Um
That's usually we,
I was gonna say we usually go out there for four days and three nights because that's usually the extensive and by the third day it's like okay, we're ready to go home now, we've done enough gambling, enough sightseeing enough, all that. Yeah, you're you're probably around three days is good.
that was I think I was there maybe 16 years ago. So it's been a
while
since I've been out there. I hadn't, hadn't been out there. I mean, we actually gone to Boston once to say, Hey, I'm a fan and I've actually gone to a Boston Red Sox game.
So
that
was
fun.
I am, I'm not joking. So I do, I do enjoy the boston sports teams of
mookie. Yeah,
I hear it. I'm a little disappointed. But I
mean,
players
got
to make money
where
he, uh, he's now a meme joe kelly. No, you're not going out. Yeah, I saw
that.
Yeah, I think he was more of like, you know, like those, those relief pitchers are like one hit wonders that one year. They do really, really well and then they set that bar and then they can never achieve that bar again. So that's when you're like, I thought I was getting this. But really reality is he's a Well we'll get you good for maybe three out of five times and then you're in trouble. There is
you're
I was
like
dinner.
last
year I was
gonna
say last time I was like wait they played the L. A. Dodgers last year so I was like we can't root against your own team.
this
is
04 maybe
is it dave it's not dave roberts.
he's
he's got some speed. He had some
speed
and.
Oh yeah it was a big drought. Good.
Yeah I think there's just a handful of teams that aren't aren't doing very well anymore or they haven't won a world series. Uh
You have been to the last two so
people are. But how how
how bitter are you about the Astros
about
beating the Dodgers with the cheating?
No
it's
it's too I think it's just too
last
year was the Astros. They
all lost
your
lust for his master.
They lost the Red Times. I don't know who is the other one.
Well this past year with boston right
early.
Oh sorry you're right, you're right.
Yeah you're right. I completely couldn't be blanked on that. So it was the nationals.
You're
bigger
baseball fan than you are a football fan. I feel
so
Well football. Well either one which ones you're like you're at the
rank them 123.
Except tennis and uh
golf, you know I can't watch it but golf I played it once or twice. It's fun to an extent to where you because you can drink beer and play at the same time. So
yeah you can go to the golf course and you can drink beer. So what
other
sport
do
you
drink?
Yeah exactly. You drink beer and and play the game at the same time. Uh But
that
no
not
at all.
I
don't
think
I
well I tore my A. C. L. Uh six
years ago. So I've done I've done with the sports sports games. No more sports for me.
It's not fun. I think the rehab is probably the worst than the injury itself. The injury It stinks for the first maybe 30 minutes. Then the rehab is what you have to suffer through. So. Yeah
it's so I guess it's fine. I've learned I'm too old to be playing playing kid's games now. I'd rather just watch it on tv. When
when
we
well everyone's
everyone's stuck on their phones so.
yeah, you're you're absolutely right. And and this COVID-19 coronavirus deal isn't helping people
are just
going to sit inside the house and play on their computers, play on their
phones.
I
know
it.
Breakfast.
that's the socialization that were, I think everybody is missing. You can't you can't go talk to your friends, you can't you can't go needle them a little bit or whatever.
waiting
and waiting.
so
you're
so I think I don't I haven't veered too far away from my house in the last five months. It's ducks. No.
but you said you're a DJ, what kind of DJ, what kind of DJ do you do
that?
because
I want to
say my my old my first roommate, uh when I went to school college, he he's a DJ. His was I don't know, he dabbles here and there, but uh his claim to fame, I think all right, I like to call his claim to fame is uh have you heard of a millionaire?
He's a rapper. So basically uh he was his traveling DJ for for this guy, this rapper, so he got to go to a whole bunch of different countries, he went to India, he went to Australia, all these other countries with him and I mean all expenses paid, he was like getting paid to go out there and then he was living the life up until the guy decided he didn't want to be a d you didn't want to be a rapper anymore, so,
but he's still I guess DJs here and there. Um
But,
I think
what you what you have
and
what
you
know,
Yeah, so it's it's not like, I want to say it's huge here in Houston, but it's a there's a pretty big that type of music scene here in Houston because we have a
nope
fire sticks. Uh
you mean
like
the amazon fire stick?
You gotta
you gotta
you gotta hand your hand in a lot of different buckets, huh?
so
if you don't mind me asking, just curiosity, what's your what's your best side hustle? Right,
everyone
sitting
inside the house.
just
basically,
Well,
it's
prolific.
Was that?
I can totally imagine that that's not, it's not working for you right
now,
and you point
it for that matter, it's prolific on the bottom of the side hustles or is it at
the top
of the
I.
And their speed.
What is that? What do you do for that
and
mom?
And
isn't it
and
Oh man that's
I
don't know I'll take $150.
Are you gonna go ahead and go in and mess with it? Because I'm kind of curious
because I I did the prolific
which
well new yes new like a month and a half maybe.
Oh wow. Yeah. Only only reason I got into it is like I'm already sitting at home. Let me figure out something to do.
Not
so good
because I I am uh I have inter to I've done that one.
not doesn't work that well.
So I gotta I gotta look up a mayor speak and then whatever one that you're finding now.
B. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
No.
Uh It's the federal minimum wage. So I think 17 57 50 or something like that. I don't I haven't looked at it. Uh
because
hey, viewpoint. Okay I do. So I'm gonna have to look at the mayor speak and paid viewpoint.
Yeah. That's better than the inter surveys that I've been doing like 10
cents.
Yeah. I think I've made 100 bucks on
this
one. Yeah because somehow I got lucky and And I got onto like a recurring nightly one for like two weeks and it paid me like $30.40. Did
you like?
I do. But it's not not that great because every time it pops up it's already gone so. Oh my
Hi, rob it
that
Zira.
And
now.
I
have
to keep that one in mind for sure. Uh Yeah, I'm
gonna have
to
look
up paper you point after I do this this ending
survey.
Like
you were
saying you didn't
diversify
your.
great.
For 30 minutes. 40 minutes.
Um Honestly I couldn't tell you because I haven't got stepped outside my house so.
Trying to
no
there's there's a lot of those out here. That's why I'm trying not to be near them because I don't want to risk it.
Have you have you done this like uh interview with prolific before? Because I did that I actually my second time on this this exact one. Mm
No that's what I was asking. Like this is my second time to do it. So I'm gonna guess I get another two chances after this.
Through prolific Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
No
Before over a month period or is it for over the lifetime of this deal?
Oh yeah for sure. For sure. This makes things easier and you get to talk to someone so it kinda double double double good because you get to
have
some conversation.
Big
point. Yeah.
what is it?
Gm. Okay.
T. G. M. Panel. Okay. I have to look that one up so
after
that.
This
qualified.
It's a
crap shoot.
All right.
Well,
I think all right, appreciate it.
I think
we've
maxed
out
our 25 minutes, so I appreciate it. It's been good talking to you and
good
thanks for
the
information
you to you later.