How you doing man?
Good good man here, hanging in there man.
How about yourself
are you
you're working? That's a good thing. Huh?
Why I do work at home? You know I'm a I'm a caregiver and I do a little bit of work on the computer and stuff. Yeah.
How about yourself? What kind of work do you do?
Oh wow. Yeah. You got one of those up
their
Yeah. What kind of wood you work at a bank or?
that's good man.
I'm from L. A.
You got it.
How
about yourself?
Houston?
Astros
your natural fan, huh?
Oh you you're you're basically you go you're you're you're basically don't go for the home team that much, huh?
The other
No
wow, that's
I was I was thinking you were gonna say that you you know that you were living out there for for some
time
you kind
of went towards boston. Well that's that's a story there. I mean I've never really heard that before. Yeah,
I mean you know what
I'm basically
I'm basically all L. A. I mean I'm going for the Dodgers um for the Lakers. I mean I mean you know, you know now that we have the rams here, I mean I'm really close to the to this new stadium that they're doing. I mean I'm I'm right, I don't know if you're familiar with the L. A. Area, but I'm close to L. A. X.
Maybe
yeah, maybe, maybe a mile away from L. A. So I'm like right close to the stadium
that
yeah. Yeah. So I mean I mean it's it's I mean I'm a sports fan all around. I mean I like other than golf and tennis, I'm like I'm like within, you know with any
sport
baseball.
Yeah, I love soccer,
nah,
I think
that's the only one I'm not I don't really root for. I mean, you know what I'm I like watching mexican league, you know mexican league soccer, But europe they can't be, you know, that's that's like another level
there.
Yeah, I'm watching the uh how do you call it? The uh this this cup that's coming out right now, the Champions League. They're awesome, awesome games. I mean, I was watching them today today was a europe league, but I'm guessing, I mean we're going to have some more Champions League Cup pretty soon. Do you watch you watch soccer? Yeah.
get it here as well.
Where are
you
from?
Where are you from? Where where do you live now?
you're
in Houston,
How's
the weather out there? I've heard that, it's it's pretty crazy. Huh,
No we here it's cool. I mean right now I think we're at um Like 69°.. Yeah
the mac The max that we got today was 72° and and I mean and you know what? I'm kind of surprised because I mean we're basically supposed to be in summer now and no we haven't gotten summer yet. Well I mean not here because I'm not I'm not in you know I'm not in in Los Angeles. I'm kind of like West like
going you know like I said you know I'm right close to the L. A. X. So I'm kind of more close to the you know to the ocean to the coast. So I'm guessing that's why we haven't really gotten the summary summer yet. Yeah.
Okay. Right. I mean I don't know I mean I mean I'm so used to you know the weather here. I mean I've been to the bin Father you know Father East which is pomona. No you know what I can't I can't do it. I mean
I
guess you just get used to certain weathers that you know what the heat when it's too much heat it almost gets you sick sometimes because you're not used to that kind of weather. So you know what I don't know about you know what I've never been in texas. I mean I have family members in texas but I've never I've never really been out there but now that you're telling me that it's 90 and it's 8:00 I'm pretty sure it's dark. I don't really think I want to be out there anytime
So what's the great time to go out there?
I'll keep
I'll keep
that in
mind.
Yeah I'll
keep
that
in mind
every summer.
You know what I'm I'm not really I mean he told me what part of texas would but I think he's more further south by close to the
border.
Yeah I'm guessing it's more it's like a Ranchi kind of neighborhood where he lives. I mean he has horses and goats and stuff like that. I'm guessing you don't
have that around where you live at? Right.
I've always been here. I mean I mean you know what you know what honestly I haven't been out of L. A. A lot I think I I mean I don't know texas I mean I've heard that new york is a nice place to go and you know just hang out. I've never been out there. I think the only place that I band other than California, it's Vegas.
Yeah, it's five hour drive from where I'm at
now.
But
other than that I don't, I mean and I mean you know I've been to Mexico I mean my my parents are from Mexico but I mean I haven't been around that much. What about yourself? I mean you you've been to a couple of states other than when you're at now. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you basically just take it more as a trip and go gambling. Right? I mean you don't really focus too much on that.
It's
not
gonna happen.
Right. It's not going to happen. I mean I kind of got that a long time ago. I mean you got you got to really be into that right? To basically. No, you're your way around you know playing and stuff like that. Yeah
yeah
You know what and I've been out there I've been out there maybe So you know I've been over there Max three days I mean I haven't been out there you know more than three days because after a while you get a little bored. Right? I mean you just want to come back home.
nephew you said. Yeah go ahead.
that's basically right yeah. What about new york have you been to new york? Yeah
that's
it's
all
you have oh
so
you're
serious? You're serious about that boston thing huh?
I'm pretty sure you're not that happy that we got one of your best players, huh?
You know what he's doing pretty good out here.
And
then we got that
other
picture
that your other picture that one of the relievers.
Yeah we're
But
you know what, I don't really think he's doing that well as he was with the boston Red Sox. I mean I don't know maybe it's just the pressure of coming to you know to a different team because he was awesome when he was playing with you know with the Red Sox.
You know what, I was honestly rooting for them when they were you know when they won the World series the last time when
you guys had yeah when you guys had a big poppy and um and then you
had
what was the other guy's name's Manny Ramirez? I
mean it's it's been a couple of years ago. Yeah man
I think they had
said
what?
no no no. I mean this was way back in you know when
they
wanted
well you know what the head coach that we have now is playing with them when they won the World Series.
Yeah Dave roberts. He was playing yeah he was playing for
the
he
had the speed. He had the speed. Yeah. Yeah man I mean those
were the good years I mean when you know in boston because they hadn't won a champion you know world series champion in a couple of years. Right.
Yeah it was the same with the with the cubs. Right. They had won a world series in a while.
I guess we need one already.
Yeah I know
hopefully
the Astros this
year.
Oh man I can't you know you know what every time I remember I just I just can't believe it. I mean you know what I can't remember the last team that lost. What was it two World Series in a row? Was it three?
Well I think
it was
It was two world series. No because they want this they lost this last year as well. They
lost.
No
the
last
year was
yeah that's true. That's true. We lost against um these guys that that were that there were champions. Is this last year what was their name?
Right. No, no it was some other guys that wanted the World Series.
Yeah it was um the nationals.
Yeah the nationals. We're world champs. Yeah,
Because I mean who could ever who could ever forget I mean that you know the the you know the national championship? I mean I still can't forget you know, I still remember the picture that lost to this, you know game seven. I mean yes, I still remember, you know it hurts. It still hurts.
So hopefully we don't have to go
to.
You mean you
mean football? Soccer?
No
I I think this baseball I mean I grew up I grew up with my father you know watching baseball. I mean I think I stick to baseball and then basketball you know I like you know like basketball and then you know like NFL and you know soccer. I mean overall I enjoy soccer as well. I don't like playing it but I watch it I enjoy playing I mean watching soccer, I play basketball. I played basketball for maybe 10 years. So yeah I enjoy watching overall like you know any any any kind of sport except
involved. That's a no no.
I didn't know that.
So
I guess
that's
one
of
the good things. Right.
But
it's not something that you that you do on a regular
basis
when
you go out and now
do you
play,
do
you play any sports now?
man.
Yeah, I know I you know, I'm not really too familiar with but I've heard that that's bad news man, that's,
Mhm.
you know
what,
I try to I try to stay active, I do a little bit of exercise, but I don't really do basketball anymore that much, I guess, you know, I have we have a park here maybe four blocks away from, but you know what, you don't really see a lot of uh a lot of youngsters out here, you know, active as it was before.
I mean you
Exactly, you know what I think that's what it is, I mean this technology is kind of like locking people up inside their house and they don't go out and
it's
not,
you
know what it's you know what it's not. I mean, this thing has has changed. I mean, for me personally, I mean, it changed my life. I mean, you know, I was accustomed to doing a lot of, I mean, I would go out and work out, you know, go to the gym and and do my own thing, right? And now it's like all of a sudden it's kind of like taking, you know, it's taken away from, you know, just you can't do it anymore and
it's
never
the same. I mean, you can work out
here at home, but it's, you know, you you don't you don't have, you know, the the your buddies conversations and you know, that's that was just kind of like my therapy, right? And
Even with family, man, I mean, you can't, you know, I like partying, you know, I like going out and because I, you know, I'm a DJ, so I was always accustomed to being, you know, here and there, but it kind of like all, you know, it all stopped and we're kind of like, just in here, you know, I'm just
used
to, and every time I go out it's just for essential, they're just go out and jog or take a walk. But other
than
that, I mean, you can't basically do much, right? Because if you do, you kind of like risking it, right,
You know, if it does. So,
um, I do just, just house parties. I mean, I don't go like, you know, two clubs
and stuff and I haven't, I haven't gotten that far. Um I have just, just, just a simple DJ. I mean, I don't have the whole, you know, the whole equipment that a lot of big DJs have, I
mean
it's
No.
Oh, wow, that sucks.
You know what around, you know, I usually DJ for um like hispanic parties, it's just a different
type of music and that's basically um all I do, I mean, I don't really e J for for other types of, you know, like hip hop parties and stuff like that. No, that's, I mean I have that type of music, but I kind of stick to
hispanic.
I don't
know
if
you're
familiar with cumbia, compliment. Yeah, that's kind of like what I what I play.
but I mean, I mean, I do a little bit of DJ and then I do um I do a little
bit of, you know, like, you know, have you heard about android boxes? Why your sticks? I'm pretty sure you're familiar with that now
you've never heard about fire sticks, but that's basically kind of like uh the future of cable and stuff like that, you know, like I think maybe there
you
go,
Yeah, there you go, exactly. So that's my other type of, you know, the job that I do, I mean, I kinda um you know, sell loaded fire sticks, you know, help people with um IPTV, have you ever heard about IPTV? Yeah, yeah, that's kind of like, that's my other, my other side hustle, you can call it
and
I mean
exactly what you have to, you can't just, you know, rely on just one job because, you know, you never know, especially nowadays that you have all these things that's going on. I mean, my my job is caregiving, right? I mean, and it's good now. Well who's to say that I'm gonna have my job right next week or next month. So you always have to have, you
know, other
And then it's not just, you know from, from my job, Right? I mean, you're talking about my other, I think it's the boxes, you know that the android boxes, I mean right now it's basically what's, well people right now, it's what's selling, you know why? Right? Because everybody, a lot of
people
are indoors.
Exactly, so people need that. I mean, I mean a lot of times you can you can actually do it yourself. I mean all you have to do is just go on. I mean you can, you can learn on Youtube videos. I mean how to kind of get started with that And you just do, I don't know if you have a facebook or instagram or whatever and you can just
post your
work there and you can do it at home. So, I mean,
I think that's one of my best, you know, side hustles there. Yeah, because
DJ,
no,
that's not the DJ and it's not happening right now. It's
no,
it's not working
now.
You
know what,
you know what the funny thing with this is, I kind
of do this prolific And I do maybe four other, um, I've been doing it for a while already. I do, I don't know if you've heard about a Mirror Speak.
Yeah, it's called a mary Speak. Yeah, honestly, that's one of my best ones there because they,
yeah, you, you
do the same thing you do.
Um, Airbase. We do, um, they give, they give you a phone
um, surveys as well. Sometimes like we're gonna get uh I think it's the three day,
how do you call it? A bulletin
thing? That's online For the three days. I think it's going to be 35 minutes. You have to be um involved 35 minutes out of the day. And they're going to give you $150 for the three days.
It's not a lot but it's you
know it's.
Yeah but the thing with that one is that you basically have to get um referral from somebody that's already in there. Or usually they send them to you through the on you know in the mail. Yeah I have that one. There's another one that's really good. Um I don't know I can't I can't play with this right now because you know I don't want to mess it up. But there's another one that's really good that you can you can you can apply for that one. Um And that one is it pays you fast. That's the good thing about the one.
Oh yeah you are. Let me see, let me see if I can get in here in my in my ipad. Mhm.
Are
you are you new to this or you you've been doing it for
Oh yeah, you're really I've been doing this for like seven years I think.
And you know what the funny thing is that with the seven years you learn to to lean through, you know with the ones that are really good and the ones that really are
not.
Yeah there's some that just you know they just they're just um you put your you put your time to it and they don't pay back, you know they don't pay for your time. Let me see if I can see.
Oh yeah I don't I don't really mess with that when I try that one and uh
no it doesn't.
Yeah. Let me see if I can find. Yeah
Then what's the
what's the minimum wage out there in texas now?
haven't?
Okay, it's paid viewpoint.
but but I think you should look you should look up paid viewpoint first because the other one, like I said, somebody has to refer you to that one. So the Murray speak or you usually get it through the mail. The Americans speak one. Yeah, but the other one the paid viewpoint. You can you can apply for that one and it's and you know what it's really like earlier I made three surveys. I mean I it must have been For the first one. I think I did like five minutes And it paid Me 1160. So that's not bad.
And
the one we're on now, I mean this one is I think this is this is one of the best ones right now.
All you
have.
Yeah. I'm
on I have one that gives me one every week. I think it's for 45 minutes and it gives you I think it's like $8. You already put the ad on on your on your browser, right?
It's a zero. Exactly. Yeah.
But let me give you a tip on that
when when it shows up And it's a zero, keep clicking it. And it's all it's going to let you in. Sometimes I don't give Yeah. I mean I always do that because I'm like that's kind of weird that you know that it's popping up and it's saying
that it's saying zero, right zero remaining. But what happens sometimes is that you know the researcher that's putting it on he's just you know he's adding you know the spaces available so you have to wait a bit and keep on clicking and and sometimes it does let
you
through so you don't always
keep that
in mind.
All
man.
So
what,
babe you
pointed me let me think about another one. Which one? I do a mary speak paid viewpoint. Um I do another one but that one doesn't send you that but it's always better to have a couple of them right? Because
it's
always
it's one
doesn't give
you, yeah the other one it's called um something paul. Well I can find me let me give you the other ones that I'm that I'm in. Yeah a lot of people don't don't want to do that because they say oh you know it's just a waste of time. But once you get the hang of it you actually you know you
find out that it gives it does give you a little extra money. Especially like the one we're doing now, right? I mean it's $15 for what?
Well now it's 30 minutes. Let me let me give you the other ones. Right? Uh huh gina. How's the how's the strikes out there where you're at?
All you haven't so you're taking this pandemic seriously? Huh?
A lot of people are like it's just me as well. But I see a lot of people are out there. They're not worrying that much
anymore.
Yeah. Exactly. Let me see if I can give you the other.
What do you mean the video? You know it actually it it's going to give you four for max, you know that? Right?
you're gonna yeah you're gonna get another two chances. It's either I think it's either they're going to send them to you or after a while you can go ahead and send them you know send them a message uh through the you know how to send messages through the website. Right?
Yeah.
And you can just let them know you know what is there an opportunity for me to you know to do you know another one of these life and they'll let you know. They'll let you know there's one available because the last one that I did was a no show And and they give you they give you 150 for we're just
waiting on the person. So after that happened um I read you know it gives you the option of you know of doing another time where you can do it. But they hadn't gotten back to me. So I send them a message and and they got right back to me and they said oh you know what we'll just go ahead and and send you another one and this is the one that I got. So basically um you can just wait maybe a couple of days and then if nothing pops up then you can just you're going to get the four anyway. So I mean it just depends on how fast you want to want to do them I guess. You know?
I think it's just for you know overall. I mean you can just go ahead after you finished with this one. Just give it maybe two or three days and just you know, I'm guessing you can just send them a message and maybe hopefully you know they'll they'll give you another another shot at this, right? I mean because that's I mean $15 is a Way big difference is just the $1, ones. Right?
You know
what especially
now, especially now that this is happening. I mean I can't you know sometimes I do have conversations with people when I go out and take a walk, but I'm going to tell you something a lot of people are really, they don't really want to get close to to anybody right now at this moment. So I mean they'll look at you and they're just cut their heads or whatever and they'll walk away like you know, they don't even know you, right? Which is smart, right mark. Because I mean you don't know, I mean a lot of times they're telling you, well you know what this thing, you know, you can get it like this and like but there's something new so it's better that you know to stay safe, right? Um So yeah man I mean just go ahead and give that uh
those those
the pay the page viewpoint and um and the mary speak, I mean you can go ahead and just check their mary speak out. But oh and you know what, I was just from that one to let me give you another one. Let me give you this last one. And then um oh this one gives me a lot a lot of surveys and they send them to your they send them to your to your email. But I don't really do these because Um sometimes they send you some that says it takes 10 minutes For a dollar 25 and it usually takes up to 40 minutes and I don't that kind of that kind of sucks. But it's T. G. M.
Okay T. T. G. M.
Yeah he hasn't Tony G. M. Panel.
You could go on that one and that one gives you a bunch. It gives you a couple
of them.
But like I said you know some some are kind of tricky. Some tell you you know a certain amount of time and it just goes and then a lot of times. That's the that's the thing with this one is that sometimes you're almost finished with the survey and guess what? You
don't
qualify. So you know what I mean? It's always it's
best.
I mean if you're going to get into it it's best you know what you're getting yourself into basically. Yeah.
All right
man.
So
it's nice
talking
to you
man.
Great
experience
man.
Was
nice. Yeah. Not a problem man. You take care man.