Hey, how's it going?
Sorry,
I'm doing pretty good. Just got home from work, you know?
Making
illness.
Are you everything is going well, is there Okay. Sure. Yeah.
I mean, I mean it's not Tuesday, it's been a Yeah. Yeah.
Uh
How the hell I'm sweating a little bit here. It's been like,
I don't
know about the Northeast. It's like no, like 70 degrees out right now. It should be like 40 degrees.
No, nothing big. I mean thankfully it's been it's been pretty calm, you know, just working back in the office couple days a week at home, a couple days a week now somebody
is good like there's nothing major going on, usually have something major going on. It's like like
died or something like that, you know? So it's just, you know, live in life. Mhm.
I don't think you're going to
get it if your age, I don't think he's going to be so bad, you know? Like not that you
want,
but I think
the
words
the more you gotta worry, but
and I was a kid,
I had rep
so many times. They took my tonsils, like yeah, they, yeah, they took them out when I was like four because I had strep all the time and I don't think I've had it since.
But
she
got
some ice
cream. Yes.
frozen yogurt.
that's
wait a little last. I just, I would sometimes. Uh
What are you going to school? What do you put in?
What's up man?
You don't want to go to
work every day. I've got jobs I hate and like, you don't want to go to work every day doing something you don't like, like that sucks, you know?
So it's good when you're figuring it out.
I love running. I'm an avid, I I used to be, I was fat man when I was like in high school, I was £300 and I've
lost hundreds and I just felt like running, but like long running, like marry ultramarathons, like my longest race. I did 50 miles in january
so
it's it's yeah, yeah, it's there's something about it, man, it's something about just being out there and
suffering, pushing through, you know? There's a Peacefulness
about it plain, but I hurt my team. Like I I ended up, there's something in your knee called the meniscus, it's like kind of cushioning in your knee if you will, or like, you know, it's like shock working and I tore it and I had to get
surgery
and the surgery um it takes a long time to heal. There's like not much blood flow to that I guess. So have been for a few months. So I've
been like physical therapy so I'm gonna start running again next year. That was like my thing, you know? It was like let me find this stupid rock and I could go suffer from a lap.
Shut
up.
Got to go outside just so much when you're looking at the different things that are familiar like watching that clock, you know like that's all you do is look at the clock, wait for it to be over.
Yeah. It's fun. I'm very big in trouble. I used to I used to work a second job. I used to wait tables at a restaurant. Just the money to go travel, you know, just like can go go away for a week or two and check out.
like they just didn't fly somewhere and take a train or something, you know? Let me uh
like in a different country where like you don't recognize the signs like in europe the roads are like this wide and I don't know what I mean, like I don't want to deal with
that with the help.
Yeah, nothing much. I just made a
track my macros like I cook a lot too and I have a nutritionist and I tracked macros a lot but the meal prep all the time. So I met an egg white I mean an egg white sandwich for breakfast and then at work I made a grilled chicken and cheese wrap and like it goes it's good like some cheddar cheese and you're doing it right and you know what? That cheddar cheese on the chicken?
What? So stay everything more better, What do they have in that office? And then I said like hoping bar and probably have a salad later. I'm kind of getting close to my macros for the day, but uh
I love the gym to man as much as I used to, but I, I love going in the
morning really
early and just wakes you up.
last
in great.
Well,
And
how did your own?
No,
no, no, your job
anything.
Well,
no, no, I have a serious
girlfriend, but like I want to just not, not yet. You know, um
where like when we get married, like I don't want to have kids and I have a wife, you know? And then it's like, you know, so they do want kid. Not yet,
Rachel.
Yeah. Work on. So
spending
on.
I
spent a lot I spent a lot of time chasing after women and like that's wrong if you yourself, don't you?
Should I get real? You know? Yeah.
Sorry.
I said I said shit will get real. So enjoy it now. Like you can
go find that some more. Just enjoy
three months. Yeah.
It is good man.
Two.
What?
All right. Take it easy.