it's going good, good, good. Oh you're doing, that's all
I was like, how are you doing to,
I mean I
want to say good,
good change. It's been a while, so I was like kind of like a little bit happy when they were like, oh we're back, something like that. Okay, let me try and do it again and stuff like that. So I'm kind of happy I got somebody this time because most of the time people don't really show up, so I'm always like left alone, I feel like that. So yeah, so I was your week going so far, is it going good?
yeah,
yeah,
like a little bit more to go before the weekend? Yeah,
I'm
coming.
I'm like, it's four PM like why is it so hot and it's and it's gonna rain nights as well. I'm like why why is everything just so hot? You know, it's november, you know, it's supposed to be falling everything and now it's pretty sunny, I'm like okay, okay, good, good, good. So that anything that happened last week, you know, for this week, I don't think big,
No,
now.
like the corona last week. So I'm pretty glad it's not the corona because I was like pretty much like a little bit of sick last week. But I found out it was just like uh, sectoral or something like that at an issue. So I was, I was actually scared my parents will because I'm a college student right now. So I just called my parents, I was like, hey, you know, I have like a bad fever at headache, Everything that's bad right now. Like I was like, I'm kind of scared of the current and everything. My mom wasn't crying like no, you don't have the correct and I love blah blah. Like I was like, I'm gonna be good, okay, I'm gonna be good because I thought it was James. I go to the gym once in a while, so I went to the gym previous day and I was like stressed out. So I thought it was a gym and everything like that. But I just found it was accepted. I was gonna go, it's better, you know, than everything. Yeah, I was pretty scared for my life, you know?
So
I don't
think it's good.
I don't
think
what
Yeah, like if you're old, I'm probably like prone to be sick and everything like that. Then you probably like to be able to be worried, but it's inside. I like, I don't go out so I don't really see people like that. So I was like, I'm pretty okay I guess, but you never know. You know? You never know, you
never
know. All
This
is my first time ever, ever. I was like wow okay. Because no micro I couldn't like eat like anything like that because I was just feeling the pain from my troll. I was like what's going on? Like this is not like me. So I was kinda like weird, they're worried about it, but
I'm
glad
I'm doing
I mean I had what's called some what's cool. I'm trying to remember it. It's similar to ice cream, but it's not like ice cream.
Yeah, some yogurt. So I got like a coconut reason, everything like that. So that's what we're just very good and I would find that I'm doing better now just open um because we have like thanksgiving break coming up next after next week, so I'm kind of excited for that. I get to go home and everything like that, so I'm looking forward to that and before you know this semester is done it's christmas break. Uh then you go back home again for like 34
weeks, then you come back again. Uh
sometimes it's the same with high school that I feel, I feel like I miss high school sometimes but I don't want to go back there. High school was pretty you know uh not the best thing ever but it wasn't the worst to send a college. College is not the best thing ever, It's not the worst and when you get a job to it's gonna be the same to like just as long as you try to like just try to make yourself happy. I never thought that, I think that's all that matters to be honest because no matter what you do, gotta find some pain to do with some stress. You know, it's not going to be all sunny. I never thought like that, so Okay, cool.
So right now I'm doing mathematics like mathematic because I tell you, I was like, you know what? I wanted that for us. I wanted to do pre like engineering major because I like maths and physics, so, but at the time, you know, I was like most colleges that kind of offer engineering majors and everything like that, it's like really, really expensive. So I was like, no, I don't want my parents to like go through or look kind of like struggle like it alone or something. I don't want to pay loans when I'm done with school, you know, I just don't want to do all this kind of thing. So I was like, let's just do mathematics and everything like that. Then midway through I found out like, I don't want attention, you know, like I'm not I'm not the best teacher out there, I can try my best just like stuff to you, but it's not my thing. I don't love it, I don't like, it's not just a passion for, so I'm like, you know, just, I'm just gonna shit and when I'm gone I'm gonna go back again. I'm just like, I'm just 20 not going to be 21 soon and everything like that. So, you know, once I improved on, I'm just gonna go back because I also have like a minor in physics so I can just go back easily to take my just the pre engineering major stuff, you know, I don't have to go back and start all over again, so I just like take it, I'm like another more years than I'm pretty done. So that's that's what I'm trying to do now so I can just do this get done with it then probably I'm thinking either mechanical engineering or that trigger engineering between this too. So I don't know yet what? Try to figure it out.
I mean I feel like when I was in middle school I thought I was going to be like a doctor or something like that, I would have to be like a dermatologist, someone who treats skin and everything like that. But like dude you're no good in and Biology like your biologist kind of like a week and everything. So uh just do something I pretty much just like because I like mathematics are like physics so like them just go somewhere like an area where I'm really good at, you know? I know stress myself in biology and everything like that. So pretty much. Uh Yeah.
Look.
True.
Ready than stuff like that. Yeah. So is there anything you like doing for fun wearing a water can?
bob.
Thank you down
totally.
Does.
True,
Well
done.
Well,
the same way I feel about coming to the gym. I just go, probably do like treadmill, just run, run, run. And I'm like, why am I doing this? You know why I
just
go every part.
What are the guy just stir into like it just the wall Just just that it's like I'm running out to something, but there's nothing there just like why this just just like someone's chasing me or something like that. So it's kind of fun. It's not bad. But I don't know why I do it to be honest, but I feel like I just have to go to the gym once in a while because I hate the last, like I one of the things I like doing is cooking, like it's one of my things because I don't like eating outside like KFC Mcdonald's because the money you spend on those things, you can probably use it to buy stuff to just make yourself. So probably I like cooking, but I hate a lot. So you know, I have to like crushing myself to make sure I don't be too much. So I have to like go to the gym to just like lose some extra calories until the stroke grounds, but I gained from even, so that's just as me, you know, I'm gonna look like that. Yeah, man coffee has not been too bad at first, it was kind of bad gives you, we're about to go back home, stay at home and I was like kind of pants for the summer. I was thinking of traveling out of the country to Finland for like two weeks or three weeks by backup canceled. So I'm hoping next year hopefully I can go if there's not like anything too big after the next year I might be able to go and just have some fun over there. I don't know. Hopefully.
Uh Like how do I like driving the highway driving? It's not my
that's the way I feel
try
to take a taxi. There's something if there's one. So I feel young thing. Uh So have you eaten anything today? Uh huh.
Mhm.
The country
wow okay that's just pretty good. You know I think like break phrase, but I made some snack, it's called mixed by, it's not like an american thing. I said like under on instagram. I was like okay, I'm just trying to do it. So like uh me and not just, it wasn't like the greatest, it like probably 6.5 or 10, but it's my first time like ever. And I was like okay fully goes good but it didn't really go out because I thought it was gonna be, but I kind of like learned my lesson, I was like okay next time probably gonna do this better and everything like that. So I had that for lunch and I had to go to my class at one o'clock, I've been at home since and probably going to the gym at six or so. Then probably just too because it's rain, it's gonna rain over here like our own age or so. Uh Hopefully it doesn't right so much because probably a friend of mike and just like oh do you want to hang out or something like that? I'm like okay sure let's hang out bro. I don't know. But yeah, that's that's my day so far and hopefully it end well go out too much. Sometimes you have to just go hang out with people just visualize without it like that. So. Yeah.
All
Yeah.
I don't like money, you know, exercise. I was I did money exercise with my mom in middle school moment. Always wanna drug like every saturday morning, so I was going to be there, but I don't like morning. Uh just pretty much just like laying down my bed in the morning. But my time I'm always like, hey let's just go pump some blood now running around because the James say hi to people. I don't know, lift some weight. Oh live some way because it's not really good. I feel like I should be going to the gym like every time. But it's just like go like, like every day for like this week, then stopped for two weeks. Then when I go back, I leave to live today, I come back home. Like my aunts are like kind of like uh stressed out. I don't know, I'm tired, I'm sick because the first time I went I saw like going to the gym regularly, it was like my friend at the beginning of this year and everything like that and it was like already like most muscular dude, so he could already work with stuff. But I'm like, you know, I'm just pretty average less than average kind of guy. So you know pushing me to the limit was like oh bro like I can't do this thing but he was like no you got to do it, you can do it. So it's like live to lift all those things I couldn't do. Never tried before and I thought I was going to die for us but I'm still alive today to just keep doing it and everything like that. And I also place talker for fun not for that kind of thing, throwing
the weapons like a couple of friends but we don't really go as much again because they said like because like it is cool like area never done that. But they say that you have to wear your max to play and I'm like dude I'm running around like we did max like it's
gonna be different, like I can't do that, it's just better for me to just sit down and talk and enjoy myself. Yeah I just try to uh software with my maximum and I'm not gonna do that, I'm gonna do that. But I guess is what it is though. I thought I thought the school was going to cancel because the cases were growing up for career and everything like that. But my school is like really like stuff on it kind of school and they're like nah you guys gotta stay, you're not going anywhere. I'm like okay okay thank you for knowing that you don't care about us. Because I thought I was doing like cancel in class and everything but they were like oh no you guys got to come back. No we need your money. You guys cast africa not through what I feel you know, I feel like to just you know atmosphere because of the money and everything like that because though the two shins then go down and nothing went down is still the same because I pay for boss because I like this cool boss and everything like that that goes around the school and pick you up if you want to. So normally it is like it could take it like probably like 15 people also like that on the bus but they were like oh because of Corona it's gonna be just five people, five people and you have to like spread apart way of max
and everything like that. But the cancer the thing like two weeks ago I'm like wait wait wait I we all like everybody in the school where do you take the bus or not? You have to pay for it. I'm like so where did the money go to like bro? You guys was cancelled it and everything like that. I'm like whatever you know it's just cool but I mean it's pretty
much
pretty much, I mean I don't know I just couldn't. But like the wall matt and the counter market like where you can buy like food stuff, it's not very far from what we have so I can just pretty much just walk there, just get back home, it's like a eight work for my place. So I'm like you know oh I have like a roommate so you could just probably take me there, drop me off or something like that. So that's the way I go but my school is already for just two minutes to a coma, I leave so I don't like little express myself to get schooled and everything like that. So but this school is pretty much like in the family and it's in Illinois, charleston, like, almost like, I don't even know why I came here to guys because there's nothing to do. I mean really, there's nothing to do. Like the narrative um movies where you can watch a movie, it's like about 40 plus minutes away, like in the next next hour or so. Like, dude, why am I gonna drive like 30 minutes, 40 minutes just because I want to watch a movie, like there's nothing to do yet. You just bob bob bob, Are you want to go to the bar? Like everywhere you go to the bar? I never felt like I'm like, okay, cool. I mean if you go to the borrower now, nobody wears them max over here max because you know, we have to drink and stuff like that, you have to put that on ice and there's a lot of people over there. So I'm like, no, I'm not going, you know, until the cases go down then I'm probably gonna go back to their stuff like that because I go there once in a while, I don't go like to the bars and clubs or anything like that. But once in a while I just pretty much just going to just chill, get a couple of drink and so I don't drink too much though. But once in a while, once
in
Okay. I was probably a guy too. I love, there's so much really nice cold beer to eat the soul. Like, Oh my God, that's,
that's the way it gets my heart. Like you have a bear and chicken, that's, I'm going to be your friend and I'm just going to be your best friend, your first because I don't understand the type. And you know, I mean people would take like and the ceo there's like leak or and everything like that. Like I don't really get, it's just not my thing. But you're no, I love it. I love it. So like, so do you have
hands wife? You know
hurt?
Honestly.
I was like, I'm operating my still young so I have a long way to go before I think of that. I just feel right now. I just just need to focus on my education and get the money. Then the
wife would come after that. Yeah.
You make money. They're gonna come. That's what
my uncle
was telling me.
Aw degree.
I told high school it was like, you know 14 Hello. Is it for three things you got to think about. You have to make sure you, you have one of those three things you're going to get the girls if you have humor, if you can make it go laugh so much, you know, you're going to get a girl if you have money for sure it's gonna be a girl I tried to talk to you and if you have a sweet mouth like if you can sweet talk a girl into, you know, you know, you can put them however I don't want to be like, oh you're so sweet, blah blah blah blah blah. And it was like you don't have three of those things, you can't make it laugh, you don't really have money and everything like that. So you know, you just got to work in yourself and you know, just be a better person than negative things like that and when the time comes, you know, they're gonna follow each other and everything like that, I'm like okay, okay, cool. But since I don't really much listen to that, I still kind of like to try and find somebody all that never works, you know? It never works out though, but you know, still pretty young and I feel like most people my age right now, I just want to live their life, you know, and enjoy the young adult stage before the, you know, and I would hate so I can understand them, but it's whatever, whatever, what
what do you say?
Just one thing now, I didn't hear you.
I
know like I've seen so many people, so I've been around so many people so I know like I'm kind of ready but I'm already at the same time like, but whatever happens happens, I kind of figured it out at that time, Whatever it happens in appetite, so pretty
huh. Yeah. So I think we have probably like a minute or so left because I think I joined some seconds after for uh Yeah so yeah pretty much gonna good some sleep. So like a little bit nap after I'm done.
You know that I don't really like taking naps too much because I get sick whenever I take like naps every day. So I tried to take 2 to 3 nights a week and I was like that if I'm like really stressed out just to release some stress and I would like that probably when I wake up, go get something to eat to make some food, then go to the gym, come back get dinner and you know have a pretty chill nights. Probably like homework or something. Well yeah you know just make sure you have a nice weekend.
Uh We have a nice time I talk and just be you you you you know okay so thanks
for the work um stuff and boy