Hey,
how are you?
I'm good, good, can you hear me okay? Alright,
Me
too. It's weird for everybody. I'm a, I'm a recruiter anyway for amazon, so I
talked to people all day long and now we have to do a lot of these video chats for work because of covid.
So
we do, we do zoom, we have our own um proprietary app that amazon uses, so it's like a messaging system, but you can do video calls.
What do you do?
Good for you? Awesome. Where do you go? Right
Oh, awesome, very cool, very nice.
Yeah, I live in Baltimore. Yeah, I'm from New Jersey originally, so I spent a lot of time in new york and yeah,
well
I love new york so much, so much
cal it's nice.
That's correct, yeah, California is good. Um
I mean amazon, a lot of the hub there is in Seattle, that's also a good
place. Um California is really nice, where in California
it is, it's very laid back. If you go to the right place like santa Monica is the best for just relaxing out there and being calm and L. A. Is crazy.
Mhm. And you're from new york to.
That's awesome. Yeah I've spent many many years and times in new york. So in Manhattan.
Very
So what do you do for like for Carnegie Mellon now? What do they do, how do they work class and everything? I know it's summertime. But
yeah with Covid and how did that change?
And you were able to get your credits and everything? No, no problem. Okay good.
That's awesome. That's awesome.
That's a lot better than what they're used to in there.
I have a 12 year old and a six year old and my 12 year
olds dying to go back
to school because he's missing his friends and you know he's just on the computer all the time. My six year old is stir crazy and just, you know, there's just so many things you can do because I'm working all day. So he's like hanging around here and try to limit how much he's the ipad and all of that. So,
That's all I do.
Yeah. Do you have any ideas? So, what, what grade are you in college?
What
year?
You
got
three
more years?
What,
You got a lot of time before you hit the, the open market I say,
but you'll have a lot,
you'll have a lot of job offers though. You will
have a lot of job with Carnegie Mellon education,
Yeah. Always just, I mean, I, that's basically what I do. I'm a recruit. Like I said, I'm a recruiter. So all I do is coach people through interviews and things like that and yeah it's it's hard because especially now with there's just so much competition out there.
I mean your education is solid Carnegie Mellon I don't know who would put that, who would put that down at all or just say that that's not to me if I see that I know you made it through Carnegie Mellon for four years.
Honestly
that's I
mean that's a dedication to do that and to finish something and especially if your grades are really well and to me that's what I look for in candidates for jobs. It's not
only about like what your G. P. A. Is there anything like that
but
if you ever apply at amazon, let me know when you know you have three years but keep my day or whatever and then and let me know. But yeah there's plenty of mechanical engineering jobs they're done.
You can definitely do that, you can mix both your worlds. So what did you do in high school, what path did you take in like
growing up in school? Did
you do anything with like engineering and stem and all that stuff?
I
have.
this
that's
What
I'm
that's amazing. That's amazing. That's the reason I ask is that my son is just like you where he likes to build and
he likes hands on and he's in robotics things and he likes to code, but I'm like, I don't know if you want to be a code or when you grow up, but
it's all
that video
game stuff, he likes the mod games and I'm like 12 and he's like marching terrarium game already, you know, it's pretty cool. So that's good that you followed that path and you'll do something that you actually like to do and get paid for it really Well,
engineering is good. I tell everybody, I tell everybody go into some sort of engineering because the money is good and you get to do what you like.
That's also
good. You have a lot of friends that go to school with you.
how's
that?
Well, you're meeting new people to they don't have any preconceived notions of who you were or there's no judgment or anything like that. It's just meeting someone from the store. That's good. And you obviously have like your like minded to be in that you're all in the same university, so you're obviously all smart, right to get in there. So that's at least one thing you have going for you,
Yeah, no doubt. But I enjoyed my time in college. It was it was fun, but I I just love the independence that I had because I really feel like that's the most, that's the part that mostly gets you ready to have a job afterward is the independence peace
and your budgeting of your time and you have to do that all on your own, right? So I think that's the part that I still use today because my education, my education, I don't really use a ton of it and recruiting. It's not like I'm doing any of that, but, but I do I did take with me the budget, the timing that being able to pivot off something and go to something else and constantly changing priorities. You know, you deal with that, I'm sure with this test is important. But then you have another one that you have to do and juggle that with a paper that you have to write and it's all the same thing in work
you just can't
add.
you are. I love math. So math is my thing. Um So I went through calculus, I went through everything and I have not touched calculus. Algebra use occasionally just but it's more of a common sense level of algebra, geometry, geometry. Right.
I use that because I work with my little kids
on that stuff. Other than that. That's it. There's no you know there's no like proofs or anything or algorithm algorithms we use because I look at people's code when they write code. So I'll use algorithms and data structures and things like that. But other than that they don't use any of the other math unless you're like a scientist or so. But you might use certain things for mechanical engineering.
No.
Well.
that's good. That's good. Do you have the minor in anything? You just pick the major and that's it.
That's awesome. That's Alicia can go both ways kind of with whatever you decide. So what else do you do in new york that when you're not in school?
Well
when
you're not when you're not in Covid, what do you do? I did
say.
it's the best part. That's the one thing I miss the most is the holes in the wall. But the food is amazing
and
it's not expensive
because everything else is so expensive
and
of course I miss it. That's the major things I miss about here. Like I don't, I miss bagels because I don't get that anymore. I miss like pizza and
I'm just
like really
good souci
and I miss
all
of those types of things in little Italy and chinatown, I'm just walking through and so I miss all those areas so much.
What
there's a good bakery there.
Dominique Dominique can sell, you should go there. It's amazing. Amazing. They like they develop that cronut you know the corona is
it was like croissant doughnut.
No
and it's like and then like Dunkin donuts or something came out with them like for I mean this place I told them to stop making them because they had it patented and it's uh the one sometimes they fill it with like a cream but it's right in Soho. It's Dominique and sells bigger. They are the original ones
that came
up with that, it's
always packed in there. It's
amazing.
It
is. I promise you everything in there is good but that's the most amazing thing they have is the
cronut. Um Trying to think of what else, all the places I used to go, I used to be in there from Wednesday to sunday in Manhattan, Living in July lived like 20 minutes away in New Jersey, just like right through the Holland tunnel and then I would be right there um right
downtown
in the village
say one time.
I lived in Jersey until, so I moved down to Maryland 11 years ago, but I was in Jersey my most of my life
and from I was, I don't know, I had a fake idea like 17, so
from 17
to 20 five when I was in the city, Wednesday night we went to every night club, we were just nightclub kids. So it was like this is when the tunnel was around and the Sound Factory and all these amazing places. But um yeah, now they're gone, All of them are gone.
You will it's everywhere, that's the best part and and and there might be just a party on a rooftop, like one night that's the greatest thing and you'll see like four famous people, they're just out of nowhere or something like that. And yeah, it was it was it was crazy, I remember working using the china club was amazing back then, it was just like who's who would go there and my friend ran it on saturday nights, so I did the VIP World, but I would just sit there and do literally nothing, I was just party, but I would get painted the party and then all, I mean it was like the Yankees were all show up there and Derek Jeter would have been there a million times it was and as a yankee fan growing up I was like a child like sitting there with these guys coming, it was actors and actresses like Ben, if all these people would come in and I would be sitting there like this is whacked
out,
like we're partying with these people.
that's awesome, that would be awesome, that would be awesome, that's like santa Monica, you go into like the whole foods there and it's like that's their normal food shopping place. So we saw, who do we see there with my wife and we saw I forget Gwyneth Paltrow was there and then just like normal and you don't bother them, like you're out there like their normal day, you don't wanna be like hi how are you? And so you're doing that but inside you're like wow, like that's a big star, you know, that's pretty cool.
So
remember just walking around like Madison Square garden area and just seeing like sports stars just walking and you don't bother them, but inside I'm like a child
and I want to be like, I love you, you're my favorite, like, I grew up watching you.
So I know
it's like
when
we're out of sports
came, it bothers me when I see adults, like, can I have your autograph? I'm like, let the kids get the autograph. Like what do you need to find a piece of paper for as an adult?
I actually do that to my wife, I'm like, as for them to ask their attention to get a picture, like, I don't care about autographs, but I'd like to get a picture with them, they'll come over to you, I'm gonna come over to me like an adult man, you know? So it'll be like, why can I take a picture? And then when they come over like alright let me take it.
But
yeah it's funny, it's funny pleased to be uh a chef in a restaurant too. I was in my teens was weird and that was crazy. That was like a great people used to come in all the time and it was amazing, it was amazing, it was right. Yeah it was crazy. So that that was pretty cool and now you see all these like it was like a bunch of the famous chefs that you've seen on tv like they all were in their rights like we would go to eat in Manhattan and all of them have restaurants in Manhattan but before it was like they had a million of them, they were the chefs and the restaurants. So you would like see all these dudes like bobby flay was there, that's what I liked about new york, that part of it, everybody wants to be there.
You will, you will,
you will uh do you travel at all a lot?
That's
good. That'll be fun.
I
must
be
Me
too.
Yeah, it's crazy bad. Crazy that. And like All these like H1B sponsorships because I work with that where we try to hire people from wherever like India or wherever and they can't we can't even hire them now, it's ridiculous. But the band, Yeah, the band is crazy and you guys have a separate band right in New Jersey
and
new york, Is
that the one you're talking about?
bad.
I didn't know,
Yeah, my wife is greek and she's her parents are from Greece so she goes to so I want to go to Greece
and I want to do Italy but I didn't know that,
I didn't know that they are banning
totally.
Yeah. And then don't you guys have something because my brother's lives in Jersey and it's like if someone visits you from like north Carolina something, they have to like quarantine for two weeks or something.
It's really bad. It's
Yeah, we're good here too. We don't have like a ton because our guy, but florida is awful.
I mean just do that home instead for now. You'll be able to do that if you get rid of it.
It does suck sucks being home, especially with kids running around. I work from home normally. So I worked for my house the whole, my whole
every
day. But it's quiet now,
it's like the complete opposite and it's like you're like I'm I work uh you know after be like a father, I have to be like a chef so I can cook their lunch and their dinner and give them their snacks. And then
they've got to be like a warden because it's like a they're bananas, the kids,
They don't they don't they actually um he looks up to him a ton
so and he he'll watch his video games. I don't want to play the same video games, so we'll do that and then But the 12 year old so loving and he's and they're both so loving, but they really looks out for him and then the six year old just wants to be him. And but they I mean they have their little bickering here and there, but for the most part you would think
year age gap. It's um
It's really good. They do well, I think the 12 year really absorbs being a big brother.
So but they're crazy, don't get me wrong, they're
both crazy.
But they're good. They get good grades and they do well and they like school and what else can you ask for?
But it was weird for them to have school online. Yeah.
It was weird.
Right? And did you find that you're like, because I guess when you're that little
like, you really need the guidance on how to do stuff from your teacher, right? In college, I guess it's still hard. But it's
Yeah. And he missed his friends. That's the
so Uh huh. Whatever. Hopefully it's over soon and they go back to school in september.
I hope
so.
I mean,
I need my sanity back because it's you have meetings that like my six year old will pop on and I'm like on the meetings like, you know, like a huge VP at amazon, Like my six year old pops on. He's like, daddy, daddy, I need a snack. I need some like teddy grams. And I mean I'm in the middle of a huge meeting. But everybody, I think it's it's the same for everybody. So I think it's it's added humility into the mix. So everybody can see that people are people, they're not just an employee or a worker and and they have lives going on. So I think that's a positive
that's come out of this stuff is having humility and letting people see that real lives of people. So I hope it seems like people are nicer because of it. You know, they see your kids are not going to get mad at you really with your kid right there.
Let's
go.
We do that. So we had a meeting and one girl had her baby on her lap and then everybody has their dogs everybody and then amazon you can bring your dogs in the office to
like when I go to Seattle there's a million dogs in the office.
To me it's such a cool, I mean you can imagine it's pretty it's just a good atmosphere in those offices. It's so laid back and everybody just yeah so I encourage you that if you can if there's positions open and it's something that you love. The
second
protester
were
I remember the first time I went there I'm like the everybody's got dogs and then there's dog parks outside the buildings.
it's really cool. It's really really cool.
I had in my whole life growing up and then now with kids I'm like I don't want one because I don't want to take care of anything else. I feel like I'm already doing that like work for two kids. But I
told we could get a fish
then they have to deal with that horror but whatever. Whatever. Anyway.
So I think we have to talk for about 25 minutes or something like that.
Is it
25?
I don't know. That
was fast
and it pays good, right? This thing
I was like, are you kidding me?
I've been doing it for like a year. Yeah. And like no joke over at that time I've gotten like 400 and something bucks.
it's
so good because it goes into
paint
pal, Right? And they just converted in paypal $2. So that's
easy. And then like I used it for like if my kids need like a gift card to like Nintendo, you know whatever. I just use it for that stuff and I don't have to sit
there and used
by muddying for it.
And
I sit here work home and I'm like, I just keep the window up and then I see like a, it's like a one in parentheses. I click like 10 minutes for like a dollar, something like, what else am I gonna do right now?
So much better.
It's so much better. I got my brother onto it and my nephew Who's 21 And he's like, this is because he uses it for steam to go and buy games and he's like uncle man, like I get like 20 bucks every couple of weeks and just buy games with it like, oh, there you go, awesome.
What was awesome talking to you?
good luck with everything.
And um
I don't think you have my name or anything, but if you ever get into amazon, I encourage you to look into amazon when you're ready.
All
right, have a great day.
Thanks
you too back