Okay. Imagine I just get stuck here again. Yeah. Okay. I should not be feeling that Dario. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, It was just always me to drama. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. All right. Thank you. Mm. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Initially, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shoot. Thank you. Trying to, you know? All right, this is okay. Hello?
Good.
What about you?
is my first time to reason one of things
That's kind of weird.
school.
do
you zoom and stuff?
That's very cool. My God, I'm
still in college right now.
Well, I live in the States. I don't know if you are to Carnegie Mellon University?
Yeah,
I'm currently in new york. I live in new
york city.
Yeah. I don't know if I want to live there afterwards stuff like once I graduate from college I was thinking maybe kelly but it's kind of far.
Yeah. I don't know, I'm studying to become a mechanical engineer but I understand at the time I'm not gonna be a lot of job offers in new york city. So
quiet.
Well
I don't know actually, I've never been personally but I have a lot of friends that live there and it seems like it's a lot of fun. So
I think I'm used to the hustle though because being new yorker and everything. Yeah.
Yeah. Born and raised.
Yeah that is great. I haven't
my house in a long time now so I don't know once next time I get I'll get to go to Manhattan
like like during the school year and everything.
Oh it changed a lot. I mean um hit right about spring break and then after that I just told us to not come back anymore and then everything went online instead. So yeah I've been like
I was able to finish everything through online. But yeah
I think in the fall it might be something similar. They're doing like a harbin model where um they can have, you can go to classes in person but the maximum capacity is 30 people. And then yeah.
Yeah. I don't know it's I want to go back so I don't want to stay at home or or anything
you
know.
I've been on my laptop in my phone all day. Like no
there's something I can do about it. Yeah
at
this finish
my freshman year. So I'm
going
to
be
a sophomore next
next year. Not ready. Uh huh
I
have encryption
but
I'm like really bad at um to call interviews and also like just one on one talking to people. And they were like doing this online. And so it's not as bad. But then when it's like you're trying to offer something for yourself, it's a lot harder, you know?
Yeah. I always hear people say like, oh the college is not enough anymore. Like just going to college and you have to like have all these other things like picture coop.
It's
a lot. It
lot.
So
It makes
you feel better and more confident about my possibilities and chances of landing a job after a car accident.
I originally wanted to be um environmental engineer. Um but my school only offers it as a double combined with civil engineer. But civil engineer isn't really what I wanted to do. So I should just do mechanical engineer because I really like hands on stuff and then try to find maybe in the future a job that kind of relates to like environment stuff like the product creation.
Come
on.
I kind of did, especially my senior year of high school, but I went to stuyvesant High School. I don't have heard of it before.
It's
very rigorous. So it's prepared me for the melon and stuff. But um I was never like insanely good at humanities courses or anything, so I always knew next m would be like my path or whatever. And then senior year I took this
um I was called principles of engineering course based on what was learned how to create hands on projects. And it created like this like hydraulic arm. But it was only
it was made out of like cardboard
and like syringes and stuff. But it was really cool and fun and that's what made me like. No, like oh I want
to definitely want to do engineering, which
I'm
putting
this
will follow.
Hopefully.
It's fun. It is fun. Yeah. I learned
lot.
Um like at Carnegie Mellon there were like you I think they were like um around 18 other students from my school that I went, but I'm only close with a handful of them. And um so I ended up having to make up make a lot of my friends at college and stuff, but
better
honestly it's
I think it's also really cool like college in general because you got some people from all over the world which is really, really fun. Yeah. It's crazy because we all grew up in different environments, we end up in the same place. Well those are not sometimes.
All
I think it's more about,
you
know, some stuff that like the life skills that you gain from college within anything, like I'm not going to like hopefully have to do all this calculus stuff that I've been learning, you know? Yeah.
Okay.
Ari
Maybe what? Probably I'm not like super
familiar with all the stuff
that I have to do it because I only took like an intro course freshman work. But we'll see.
I just have to do a major, but I don't know what I want to minor it yet. I was actually considering the environment thing because that's what I want to do maybe in the future. But then I don't know, I'm not sure about that yet.
Well currently
I've been just sitting in my desk all day
long.
I
would like to hang on my friends while we always go to places in Manhattan, just hang out, go sight seeing it. A lot of good food. We was trying to find new places to eat that are like cheap and affordable but still delicious. Which you can definitely find in new york city. I feel like, yeah,
I
was
black.
I know
and like the food is a top tier in new york city.
hm
dollars
people.
It's
he's
good.
so it was so good. I
used to go often after school because it was like a 15 minute walk from my school. So I just called window shopping were like actually shopping with my friends. It's really fun.
There is.
No,
no way
I sound
I'm
thoroughly
because
I'm
gonna take note of that, so I'll go next time I go to
school
now.
I think
more how
old you stay in like the New Jersey area
up until like how old were you when you stayed in the area?
Yeah, it was a long time.
I
don't know.
I feel like the like the city life is a lot different once you come out of college and you're an adult and everything because if the nightlife is like huge, but I haven't really experienced it yet because
it's
crazy.
Like I have yet to meet a celebrity in new york city. My um calling my architecture freshman year, she would often go to the whole foods near my school and she's like taylor swift, they're like a few times just crazy.
Yeah, you get
that, act acknowledge a lot about it and stuff. Yeah.
It's crazy.
I feel like it's only like the teens that your teenage years when it's acceptable to like run up to like a library and with your phone, but can I get a picture with you please?
Because
you
didn't
care.
Yeah, we can always use your Children now and just be like, hey kids, that's, that's who that is. Go and pretend that you're the fan, you know?
It's
funny.
mm. The God, you had to experience that part yet?
Who come?
No, not really. Honestly. I plan on doing it once I'm in my 20's. Yes,
we
went to Korea as a casino trip. My parents let me go with my best friend
and I
would
protect three weeks. It wasn't really fun, but I really want to go to europe to
like,
did you hear about the band?
people
come
in.
Yeah, there is that one. But then the ban about the europe, they don't let any us americans go in now for vacation. Yeah. They're
not
gonna listen right now. Yeah.
Member.
Hopefully
they lifted
the ban soon. Yeah.
Yeah. Like um florida definitely florida and texas. Because I heard that in those two states, the cases are rising like crazy.
you're the and the tri state area. Like they flatten the curve so trying to keep it that way.
I know. It's because everyone wants to go to the beach, you know, have fun. Their friends.
Yeah. There's like all these memes on facebook and it's like if everyone just quarantine two weeks earlier, like we wouldn't be where we are now. And it sucks because it's so true.
I thought
she was something.
No.
What
do they fight a lot? They have a big age gap.
Oh that's cute.
What we call?
Yeah. Yeah.
that's good.
I
mean what kids? All right though, wow.
Absolutely.
It is it's
weird. It is weird. Yeah.
I don't know why.
It's still like me just sitting there like listening to the professor that Babylon and stuff. But how many younger? It's more like interactive. I feel like
yeah, that's the biggest car, definitely.
hopefully,
clearly,
I mean
two months before then so
Hi.
Yeah. I'm
like
hearing like I hear like people like in some cosmic showing off their dogs, their babies, you know, So like you
No. Oh my God. Yeah.
Damn. That's so convenient because it's like you don't have to keep your dog at home and they don't have to be alone and so if you just bring them to work, that's great, go ahead.
Friend
of mine,
her dog
thing was like a big a big factor though.
That's cute. Like,
yeah, I really want a dog, definitely get one as soon as I come out and live on my own.
But
the fish die really quickly. Mm
Kids.
I
think
It's 2 24 so
nine
minute,
there's some basic $15 or something.
How long have you been doing this for?
Crazy. I started this month and I think after I get paid out everything that is pending out, including the stuff that's pending, I think I'll make around like 80 this
month.
it's
crazy.
I know.
You didn't
have
Yeah. I recently found out about prolific because I did studies at my own school and stuff and I want to do this like online because I'm stuck here at home all day. I want to at least make usage of some of the time that I have. Yeah. And then
I'm
exactly. I also download the extension for google chrome, so whenever it comes out I cut that so it's a lot faster.
I know.
Yeah.
It is really nice talking to you too.
Thank
you.
definitely will. Thank
you.
You too.
They say