SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Who is your father? Yeah. Yeah. You just can't get to your Children. No matter. It's a little bit, yeah. Mhm. It was uncomfortable. I just can't. Mm hmm. Yeah, I think so much. Mhm. Yeah. It's crazy. I'm gonna show you how I went from this to this. So this is a typical day for me. A warm up and you see Douglas. Good shit. Next, we got the best booty builder ever. Yeah. Which is the leg press. It's an instagram influencer. You're not telling you that because I have to sit on their ass, which is their asset. Becky with the naturally fat ass does not know how to build muscles to stop buying their booty programs next to not hip dress. I do it with the Lord's easier on my spine. And then we got these fans have throws which are basically looked more like
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Hi, good morning.
SPEAKER_L: good morning. It's
SPEAKER_R: Are you in Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: No, um, north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so it's almost noon by you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 11. Actually, we're in Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, I wasn't expecting a little show up. This is the second time I've done it and no one should have left. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really? I did this I did this like a month ago, maybe, maybe a little longer than that and I had the same thing happened, nobody showed up and then I had this really wonderful conversation with someone and I was when I saw it pop up again because this will be the second time I've done this. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I grabbed it because it was actually really cool. I met a woman from California who worked for facebook, like doing
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: coding stuff
SPEAKER_L: check.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm a computer geek myself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Yeah. I wouldn't say a computer geek, but I do like personal assisting online virtually. So I know like Microsoft, google, excel all that kind of stuff digitally, trying to expand my knowledge in that area as well. Um Go
SPEAKER_R: I do graphic design. So
SPEAKER_L: who are
SPEAKER_R: I went to art school a while back and I feel like I need to improve my skills because I don't really do social media. I mean I have
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: my own personal accounts but and I create um content for people for their social media accounts but myself I don't I don't like really embrace technology and I this technical field, but
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I use, you know the Adobe Creative Suite and Microsoft suite. And I designed mostly books and I do branding for people.
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, so I'm always on the computer, which is why I started doing prolific. Oh, just to make the extra, I mean it is like not very much extra money, but I
SPEAKER_L: it's so cool.
SPEAKER_R: joined it like a couple of months ago and I think I've made like 300 bucks. I mean it's it adds up, you know?
SPEAKER_L: sure. I mean especially now when you can't like really work out or will the state I'm in, technically you can, but I don't feel like I should just because of how it keeps recurring coming back and stuff and I really want to take everything I know digitally um and just focus on that, like I want to travel and do all kinds of stuff and I really think it can happen online, so guys,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. I mean I know what you're saying. I even in Chicago, they're starting to open things. Um we have a five phase plan and we're in phase four actually and it's it's kind of astounding to me because it's such a large city and people are really freaked out here still. I mean everyone's wearing a mask. For the most part. It's, man, well it was mandated still. So if you want to go into a store or onto this, you know, the train or the bus or if you're anywhere near people, you have to wear a mask,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you can actually get like a ticket and the police aren't really watching people for that. They're more or less watching for really large groups of people and then they'll, they'll break people, you know, like tell people to go home, especially because we have the lakefront lake michigan and Chicago. So there's lots of beaches and you know that you'll see the police out there like honking at people and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have three phase plan and we're stuck in phase two for the past month, but people don't wear mask, it was just mandated on friday that everyone has to wear a mask. And I know like north Carolina is like on the cusp of the south essentially in like florida
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and everything. I don't even think they're like mandated to wear a mask and stuff and that's where the epicenter is. I'm just saying like it's kind of crazy how it's mainly like older people like I wear a mask if I have to leave the house. Uh and when we first opened back up like the first week where people could go out into the stores and things like that, people ask me if I worked there because I was the only one bag and mask. I'm like, oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: Like now I'm doing what the
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: CDC says I should be doing. Yeah. It's, I mean, I feel like most of the people I know here when we talk about covid with our masks, you know, like I'll see
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: my neighbors
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: and we've all got masks on and we're like, we can't believe that people in like texas and florida that are not wearing masks, like it's just, it's proven by now that it's like really helps
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: curb the spread. And I see what happened in my city because it was really bad here. Like there was fear to become like new york and Chicago. They opened our big convention center
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: property
SPEAKER_R: more beds and stuff and then the governor shut everything down basically. And it's terrible. Like, you know, there are restaurants and shops that have closed because of being shut down. And economically, it was really hard. But my point is like the wet mask wearing has really helped, you know, at least make the number of new cases. It's like, you know, a couple 100 a day in, in Illinois. You know, maybe it's a little more than that now, but it's it's really low.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Unfortunately like where the region I live is still very like, I guess Southern, like everyone would rather believe what their pastor says versus what, you know, any news channel that isn't Fox says. And
SPEAKER_R: Running
SPEAKER_L: I personally don't have like, I don't care what the beliefs are like political wise, that doesn't like mandate my rule of life, but to wear a mask is not only for me, but for everyone else, it's the safety and it's kind of selfish if you don't wear a mask,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: on the same page. You are?
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It's like, I would feel so
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: if I gave someone Covid and I didn't know I had it. You know, it's like, and just to make people
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: feel comfortable because there's so many people here that are wearing masks, you're in the minority if you're not. And it's kind of the opposite of some other places where it's, I think more socially accepted to wear a mask at this point in Chicago, which is
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: good at least.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's, I mean, so when I read these stories of what's happening in texas and florida and other places in the south or what you've told me, even since we started talking,
SPEAKER_L: rick.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, I can't even imagine you like feeling like you want to do the safe thing, feeling like people are asking you why you're
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like you have a minority still. I don't know, I mean the region where I am, um I'm close to a major city that's pretty progressive uh in charlotte, I feel ana, so it's not like that bad, like when I go up there there, but my small town, like personally where I live in right now very like close knit, um lots of deep, deep certain ties um and it's just like, you know, I appreciate that. That's cool. I'm going to wear a mask and I hope you do too. And all that is mandated. Um I went to the store like the saturday yesterday after it. Um not yesterday. She was sunday saturday the day before when I was mandated and many people were complaining because they have to turn you away now if you're not wearing a mask and oh, this is not a First Amendment rights, whatever, whatever rights. And I woke up in America that kind of stuff. It's just exhausting. Like I couldn't, I quit my job just out of personal, slightly fear and then safety because I live with my grandma who is just naturally like can't handle anything and I don't, I didn't want anything to do. So I took that myself personally. Like when it first started and you know, it's just been, it's just crazy how, how some people will take their own personal desires and put it above the public health and above everything else. Science, so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's wild.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's this all these things that have been happening you know like with George Floyd's murder and it's before that with Covid it's kind of bringing out this the deep, deep um underpinnings of what people are about like
SPEAKER_L: remember?
SPEAKER_R: their character and
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I'm really shocked like I mean I knew we all knew there was police brutality, you know existed long before George Floyd's murder but just the reaction to it and the resistance against the protesters and have like where do I live
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: because this is like insane.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of crazy. My mom is from Venezuela, so she grew up Um she was in her 20s when um the really like socialist type way started to fail um and things started to break down and then she quickly moved here like many did and her family still lives there besides my grandma and everything. So for that year that the police are, you know, gassing people up shooting rubber bullets and they're like, when did it become like here in Venezuela? And it's like kind of scary how, you know, just how the police can just do that and many police don't know their own laws that they enforce and they try and overstep and try and do all kinds of stuff, it's just like we've known it for a long time, but really the the breach of what we can handle has been reached and it's a lot of just progressive movement now, which
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's I don't know, I felt at first like what is taking you people so long to to be aware of this, but now you know that's the silver lining kind of on what happened is that there is a lot more broad awareness and there is this movement and there is a lot of support behind Black Lives Matter and other progressive movements to and I feel I feel a lot of hope and a lot of my friends of color in Chicago or both talks a lot and people are feeling pretty hopeful about what's next and it's but it's crazy that I had to trump is like has been this catalyst for it, all of this stuff to be thrown out into the light,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: mean it's I guess it had to happen right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, at least, I mean it's still kind of weird that we live in such a almost backwards like idea versus like places in other parts of the world that haven't had slavery for hundreds of years and we just got rid of segregation less than 100 years ago and people don't realize that like even something as simple as putting like pictures of like the MLK protests in black and white in history books make it seem like it was so long ago, but it wasn't.
SPEAKER_R: Wait, right,
SPEAKER_L: and it's just, it's crazy and I'm glad that people can change their minds and grow past that kind of stuff. Even when trump did get elected. My town was very excited for trump to get elected. They were rallying in the streets and everything when he got elected. And for me personally, like I was just uh how old was I think I was For 15 maybe. Yeah, yeah, I'm 19 by the way. And it just was like for me, like when he first started gaining notoriety, I knew he was gonna be like this face for like he kind of opened Pandora's box in the sense of just everyone felt like they had a voice, just get what they feel like and what America really is. And so even if he was going to be president or not, I knew it like in my heart, like just how people reacted to me in school differently after he said like, oh, mexicans are this that and that it's just, it was like really shocking so now that his election is coming up again, I really, really hope
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: um she doesn't get elected again, but at the same time, I don't think it will necessarily matter like that, that sounds kind of weird, but like in the sense that progressive movement is going to happen with or without trump, that's what I'm hoping.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I feel the same way that there's we've gone past like you did it really well before we've gone at this point where we can't go back. So I feel like as far as advocating for change and you know, in the laws, in schools with the police, you know, with everything, it's we're on a path now for that to happen. And I feel like actually I'm in my forties, I'm amy by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm Sarah, you look so young. You look like a college student. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm not, definitely not. I have like good light in my apartment, but I don't know like I in my lifetime, I've not witnessed anything like this except for when the war in Iraq happened and people hated George Bush George W Bush. And at that time I lived in ITaly and I, you know, had this feeling that I was so embarrassed for America because we did this thing and had this terrible president and I had no idea that we would have another president. I was like, I wished George W Bush was president right now. No, I don't. But I mean he was awesome compared to donald trump and it's just completely I agree with you. Like if he gets reelected, things are still going to change because over half the country, you know because of our stupid electoral college really more people can't stand donald trump than love him and a lot more people, I feel like companies are starting to step forward and make policy changes. Universities are doing their own thing. You know, governors are doing what they can do. So people are kind of realizing what's going on with the presidency and how one person can really abuse that power and thinking of things totally differently now. I mean I'm talking about like government, government people and politicians but I think I have this feeling though even though joe biden, I mean he's he's not the greatest candidate, but at least he's a compassionate person I feel
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: and he's got experience but I mean hopefully people will go out and vote for him
SPEAKER_L: I hope, I mean this is my first time voting like ever. So, so
SPEAKER_R: that's exciting,
SPEAKER_L: I'm like I'm kind of at a loss because even though he did do things with Obama and that kind of stuff, like just from the same guys, he's like, I feel like a lot of people compared him to trump just under blue colors and I'm not
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: Like 100% sure how true that is. But I still feel like it's just the fact that we even let people of the same like cut from the same cough get into so much power. You know, no one said this when he was going to be vice president because it didn't matter, but now that he's going to be president, oh, it suddenly matters. It should have mattered like In the 1st place. Um And like I can kind of compare it to like win a bunch of like kids like um go for this one other kid that said the N. Word or did some like awful stuff like or whatever and they get rid of their scholarship or they contact their schools and things like that. It's because we don't want people like that to get into a position to hold that much like power education or knowledge or be over someone else like that, right? Because it needs to stop like at the beginning cut it from the root and with joe biden it's just difficult because it's the lesser of two evils unfortunately like morally wise. But I mean you can't really think of morals when it comes to president, but it shouldn't be like that. I feel like it should
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I know we're at this point where yes
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: feel like I feel incredibly sad about our country but also I feel hopeful at the same time and like I don't understand what is wrong with people, I mean I just I mean
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: I need to spend more time I actually have relatives that voted for trump and I don't I can talk to one cousin about it just a little bit but I don't want to make like big ruffles in my family, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: hard.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of feel like now I really need to have that conversation if I if someone says something or does something that really isn't um you know isn't kind or it's racist or is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A lot of it comes down tomorrow as I feel like for too long I think people have separated morals with um political opinions or like intent. Um So
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: group?
SPEAKER_L: really like, like for me personally I grew up in the south as a hispanic, so I've learned to become pretty tolerant. I had to and like my mom for example, she got her, she became a citizen when I was 10 to 18 so we're both gonna be voting for the first time together, which is really cool. But
SPEAKER_R: it's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but for her, like all she really knows is this year, like the past two years just of what has been happening in the world and everything. And for her like trump all has tried to help Venezuela, but like at what cost, you know. Um and I just, I'm trying to like guide her into the right direction because my family in Venezuela, all they see is trump. Like he helped us, he gave us like a ship of, I think it was money and food and things like that. So oh my God trump And that's what a lot of Latinos for trump say, but at what cost because while he was doing that, he was putting mexican Children in concentration camps essentially. Um,
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: and people, people don't like to look at morals when it comes to political opinions or views or any type of standing for, I don't know why because who you are morally is what your actions are going to reflect like at the end of the day. So I just, I just hope that it can change in that sense like because like I know, I know some trump supporters that are genuinely kind and genuinely not racist and stuff, they just believe in a conservative America and unfortunately the only option they had for a conservative America was trump. So I mean, I guess it just comes down to the morals in that sense and it's frustrating because church and state has become one and then also at the same time it's just like a big jumbled
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: mess.
SPEAKER_R: is a huge dichotomy here right now and I feel like I'm a I'm pretty liberal politically, but I feel like things are getting pushed in a direction that's kind of um I mean with Medicare for all and um getting a universal basic income and all of that, like it's pushing us toward a more socialized society and that turns tons of people off, so then people feel like the Democratic Party is in this pigeon hole now and it's it's not really like the way that people feel so.
SPEAKER_L: Right. People tend to get like narrow minded and I feel like that's Bernie didn't really work out, which is more upset because you know, he's such like a good person morally, but I don't know like when it comes to like them saying what we're gonna do, what's gonna happen, they tend to just say a huge goal and a bunch of little goals, but people just focus on the most radical part of it and freak out. Um and it's hard to really, like you're just like overcome with so much and you're like, yes, yes, yes, and then, oh my God, it's so overwhelming um to really deal with. And I don't know, I've lived for the past since trump got elected, it's just been like either you're fully invested in politics or you're not at all. You just ignore it and I know a lot of kids my age that just ignore it because it's a lot. It's so much um if you voice your opinions, your crazy liberal, if you don't, you're just a sheep or something like that, I think like a lot of stuff needs to happen in the system to really change everything because it's so, it's so, it's so, it's so much, it's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and I think I feel like focusing on on the community I live in is what's keeping me saying, So I look at not only politically the people that are my older person and our mayor and the governor and just the legislators in my state and what's going on in my state and then, you know, more than that, just how I spend my time and what I'm doing to help in my own community. And I feel like I live in you know, Chicago is a really big city and there's a lot of opportunity if you want to get involved with things and I do urban farming. Um so growing vegetables for people that need them and and that makes me feel like I can focus my my energy there and then I don't get overwhelmed with what's going on in the bigger picture as much, but I do read the news and especially because of covid working from home and being home all the time, I feel like I'm just trying to makes sense of of what's going on and I still feel like it starts with us individually, you know? No matter what.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I don't know, it's interesting the difference and what we look at, like you're like more focused on the community. I'm just like let's over for the go. That might be generational, that might be generational. I'm not sure that. But that's that's really interesting because I don't think I've really ever that's a lie. I've met progressive people like in a sense that I don't know, I just sometimes feel like you're very isolated in your beliefs when you are I guess young this young, I don't know because you have many people like your professor is your people you go to church with or not or anything telling you, oh you change your mind when you get older, that kind of stuff. I feel like I won't I don't know, just I've lived through a lot already just has from being born so I'm not really too short
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: moving.
SPEAKER_R: things are so different than like when I was your age, I mean so different and there's this opportunity to make things totally different and that does come with your generation and I'm a gen X I guess or whatever, I don't really know. But I feel like my generation is pretty supportive of that, but we're like mired in between generations. So I don't know that were built to automatically want to, like you said over for the government or, you know, like reimagine everything. And to me that's pretty exciting to rethink our like to defund the police, so to speak and to rethink what our safety staff looks like in cities, you know? But it's, I mean, I don't think that's, I think a lot of people are thinking about this, There just needs to be, um, an opening to make something to make real change. And it's, I mean, has to happen town by town by town, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It has to come from somewhere. And just the fact that at one point all 50 states were in protest because of the Black Lives Matter movement just really shows like the power that this movement holds and what it can do. Um Because it just it was the U. S. And there was a bunch of other countries around the world
SPEAKER_R: And,
SPEAKER_L: and it's just
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what else could be a sign for change
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like truly
SPEAKER_R: true. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: was the same
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: like I think someone compared it to the french revolution taking in place from the american revolution and how everyone heard the american revolution and then in turn heard the french revolution not saying
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: comparing a relation we're not going to behead anyone but its movements happen. People hear about it and it does it's part of our history as not only americans but humans so
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: just it's just it's happening. It's very certainly I think
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel so hopeful after talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. I hate talking about politics and I'm feeling so pessimistic like I have for like the past three years but now that there's actually changed it so much more like better fun or whatever to talk about because it's like it's going to happen, it's happening. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have, I have hoped to, I really, really do. Um, oh no, keep doing what you're doing,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's exciting uh like protesting is difficult because I didn't
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: make the choice to protest out of, you know, like my grandmother and things like that and charlotte's not necessarily like a high risk thing, but I can do
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: more I think from at home donating, bringing more awareness, especially on facebook where the people like to lyric and say all kinds of things behind their screen under the guise of jesus or american, right? Something like that um which is upsetting, but you know, still happens um but yeah, That's crazy, it's almost
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: 10, 30 minutes, that's that's something I
SPEAKER_R: That's what I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: mean, like I, it's been so nice meeting you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: he?
SPEAKER_R: and I feel like we've been in these little bubbles in our homes and communities and it's so cool to meet you from charlotte north Carolina
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: sarah.
SPEAKER_L: won't, I'm really hoping to do like a bunch of traveling within the United States, just from, I'm taking a year off of college, I took off college, like in the luckiest time ever before Covid started. Um and just like seeing what there is out there besides like my little bubble in charlotte, They're like a really little bubble butt stuff. I think it's important. I think everyone should travel at least once, I
SPEAKER_R: absolutely, absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: you mentioned
SPEAKER_R: It's,
SPEAKER_L: you live in Italy.
SPEAKER_R: I did. I, my partner for a long time was an italian guy and we lived there, yeah, I lived in on Sardinia, like a southern island,
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's
SPEAKER_R: but I traveled, I traveled all throughout Western europe when I went over there. So I spent a lot of time in spain and France in italy England. So I didn't, I didn't go all over, but it was enough to really shake me to the core as far as my perspective. And I am, came back to Chicago with like a completely different take on life. And I used to traveling, I mean really, it's hugely beneficial and I've been traveling even to within your own state. I just, I love road trips definitely.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: And I'm, I'm going to see my mom, she lives in michigan. I have not seen her since february and I'm going to see her um later this week
SPEAKER_L: poet,
SPEAKER_R: and I'm super excited, like had a covid test just to see and I've been really careful. Um you know, until I go see her, I'm like renting a car so I don't have to take the train and yeah, it's like just to be able to get out of here, it will be wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, I'm very excited for you,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I've never been to, No, no, it's snowy though, like the hand, right, that's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how with this, like, okay, so my mom lives here
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: and Grand
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: rapids
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: across the lake.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really cool. Thank
SPEAKER_R: but I felt like the same thing with my mom, she has arthritis and she um it could get really sick, so luckily she's okay and I feel like, I don't know when I see her, like, do I have to stay 6ft away from her? That's gonna be really hard,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't even know, like my little brother goes out and sees his friends because he thinks he's invincible because he's 17, but uh he usually has to wear a mask and I hope they like somewhat social distance. I don't know, it's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: here, it's
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: way more relax. I feel like than other parts of the world and even even more so like it can be more relaxed, like florida obviously, but at the same time like
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: people don't really unfortunately don't really care when something like this happens unless it happens to them. So
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it's just like
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: part of what human nature is. Unfortunately. I don't know. I hope not all humans, but
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: how kids. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well how you used to make some coffee and get to my project? I have to work on but it's been wonderful talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And you don't know
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: how close
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: this thing or do I just Uh
SPEAKER_R: I think we have to. Do you have another tab that has this
SPEAKER_L: serving
SPEAKER_R: survey? I think you have to go back there and then
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like advance
SPEAKER_L: ready,
SPEAKER_R: from there. And it will.
SPEAKER_L: I think.
SPEAKER_R: Well that means I'm gonna look at that window. What?
SPEAKER_L: You're more experienced on this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it already it it went to another window about the quality of the call. So I think we can just shut this actually.
SPEAKER_L: Not this. Okay. Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: And then you have another window with this survey, right? Yeah. And you'll go back to that.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: All right, enjoy your day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, let's have a good trip. Have a good
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: life.