Hello? Hi, good morning.
Are you in Chicago?
Oh so it's almost noon by you.
I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
really? I did this I did this like a month ago, maybe, maybe a little longer than that and I had the same thing happened, nobody showed up and then I had this really wonderful conversation with someone and I was when I saw it pop up again because this will be the second time I've done this. Um
I grabbed it because it was actually really cool. I met a woman from California who worked for facebook, like doing
coding stuff
and I'm a computer geek myself. Yeah.
I do graphic design. So
I went to art school a while back and I feel like I need to improve my skills because I don't really do social media. I mean I have
my own personal accounts but and I create um content for people for their social media accounts but myself I don't I don't like really embrace technology and I this technical field, but
I use, you know the Adobe Creative Suite and Microsoft suite. And I designed mostly books and I do branding for people.
Um Yeah, so I'm always on the computer, which is why I started doing prolific. Oh, just to make the extra, I mean it is like not very much extra money, but I
joined it like a couple of months ago and I think I've made like 300 bucks. I mean it's it adds up, you know?
Okay. Yeah. I mean I know what you're saying. I even in Chicago, they're starting to open things. Um we have a five phase plan and we're in phase four actually and it's it's kind of astounding to me because it's such a large city and people are really freaked out here still. I mean everyone's wearing a mask. For the most part. It's, man, well it was mandated still. So if you want to go into a store or onto this, you know, the train or the bus or if you're anywhere near people, you have to wear a mask,
you can actually get like a ticket and the police aren't really watching people for that. They're more or less watching for really large groups of people and then they'll, they'll break people, you know, like tell people to go home, especially because we have the lakefront lake michigan and Chicago. So there's lots of beaches and you know that you'll see the police out there like honking at people and stuff. Yeah.
What?
Like now I'm doing what the
CDC says I should be doing. Yeah. It's, I mean, I feel like most of the people I know here when we talk about covid with our masks, you know, like I'll see
my neighbors
and we've all got masks on and we're like, we can't believe that people in like texas and florida that are not wearing masks, like it's just, it's proven by now that it's like really helps
curb the spread. And I see what happened in my city because it was really bad here. Like there was fear to become like new york and Chicago. They opened our big convention center
for
more beds and stuff and then the governor shut everything down basically. And it's terrible. Like, you know, there are restaurants and shops that have closed because of being shut down. And economically, it was really hard. But my point is like the wet mask wearing has really helped, you know, at least make the number of new cases. It's like, you know, a couple 100 a day in, in Illinois. You know, maybe it's a little more than that now, but it's it's really low.
Running
Yes, I'm
on the same page. You are?
Yes. It's like, I would feel so
bad
if I gave someone Covid and I didn't know I had it. You know, it's like, and just to make people
feel comfortable because there's so many people here that are wearing masks, you're in the minority if you're not. And it's kind of the opposite of some other places where it's, I think more socially accepted to wear a mask at this point in Chicago, which is
if
yeah, it's, I mean, so when I read these stories of what's happening in texas and florida and other places in the south or what you've told me, even since we started talking,
it's like, I can't even imagine you like feeling like you want to do the safe thing, feeling like people are asking you why you're
I
I know it's this all these things that have been happening you know like with George Floyd's murder and it's before that with Covid it's kind of bringing out this the deep, deep um underpinnings of what people are about like
their character and
I'm really shocked like I mean I knew we all knew there was police brutality, you know existed long before George Floyd's murder but just the reaction to it and the resistance against the protesters and have like where do I live
because this is like insane.
I
know.
Oh yeah, it's I don't know, I felt at first like what is taking you people so long to to be aware of this, but now you know that's the silver lining kind of on what happened is that there is a lot more broad awareness and there is this movement and there is a lot of support behind Black Lives Matter and other progressive movements to and I feel I feel a lot of hope and a lot of my friends of color in Chicago or both talks a lot and people are feeling pretty hopeful about what's next and it's but it's crazy that I had to trump is like has been this catalyst for it, all of this stuff to be thrown out into the light,
I
mean it's I guess it had to happen right,
Wait, right,
Yeah,
exactly. I feel the same way that there's we've gone past like you did it really well before we've gone at this point where we can't go back. So I feel like as far as advocating for change and you know, in the laws, in schools with the police, you know, with everything, it's we're on a path now for that to happen. And I feel like actually I'm in my forties, I'm amy by the way.
No, I'm not, definitely not. I have like good light in my apartment, but I don't know like I in my lifetime, I've not witnessed anything like this except for when the war in Iraq happened and people hated George Bush George W Bush. And at that time I lived in ITaly and I, you know, had this feeling that I was so embarrassed for America because we did this thing and had this terrible president and I had no idea that we would have another president. I was like, I wished George W Bush was president right now. No, I don't. But I mean he was awesome compared to donald trump and it's just completely I agree with you. Like if he gets reelected, things are still going to change because over half the country, you know because of our stupid electoral college really more people can't stand donald trump than love him and a lot more people, I feel like companies are starting to step forward and make policy changes. Universities are doing their own thing. You know, governors are doing what they can do. So people are kind of realizing what's going on with the presidency and how one person can really abuse that power and thinking of things totally differently now. I mean I'm talking about like government, government people and politicians but I think I have this feeling though even though joe biden, I mean he's he's not the greatest candidate, but at least he's a compassionate person I feel
like
and he's got experience but I mean hopefully people will go out and vote for him
that's exciting,
I'm
not.
I know,
I know we're at this point where yes
I
feel like I feel incredibly sad about our country but also I feel hopeful at the same time and like I don't understand what is wrong with people, I mean I just I mean
maybe
I need to spend more time I actually have relatives that voted for trump and I don't I can talk to one cousin about it just a little bit but I don't want to make like big ruffles in my family, you know?
But
I kind of feel like now I really need to have that conversation if I if someone says something or does something that really isn't um you know isn't kind or it's racist or is
so
group?
it's very cool.
I know
this
is a huge dichotomy here right now and I feel like I'm a I'm pretty liberal politically, but I feel like things are getting pushed in a direction that's kind of um I mean with Medicare for all and um getting a universal basic income and all of that, like it's pushing us toward a more socialized society and that turns tons of people off, so then people feel like the Democratic Party is in this pigeon hole now and it's it's not really like the way that people feel so.
yeah, and I think I feel like focusing on on the community I live in is what's keeping me saying, So I look at not only politically the people that are my older person and our mayor and the governor and just the legislators in my state and what's going on in my state and then, you know, more than that, just how I spend my time and what I'm doing to help in my own community. And I feel like I live in you know, Chicago is a really big city and there's a lot of opportunity if you want to get involved with things and I do urban farming. Um so growing vegetables for people that need them and and that makes me feel like I can focus my my energy there and then I don't get overwhelmed with what's going on in the bigger picture as much, but I do read the news and especially because of covid working from home and being home all the time, I feel like I'm just trying to makes sense of of what's going on and I still feel like it starts with us individually, you know? No matter what.
Well,
things are so different than like when I was your age, I mean so different and there's this opportunity to make things totally different and that does come with your generation and I'm a gen X I guess or whatever, I don't really know. But I feel like my generation is pretty supportive of that, but we're like mired in between generations. So I don't know that were built to automatically want to, like you said over for the government or, you know, like reimagine everything. And to me that's pretty exciting to rethink our like to defund the police, so to speak and to rethink what our safety staff looks like in cities, you know? But it's, I mean, I don't think that's, I think a lot of people are thinking about this, There just needs to be, um, an opening to make something to make real change. And it's, I mean, has to happen town by town by town, you know?
And,
and
It's
true. Uh,
it's
like,
no,
Hi.
Yeah. I feel so hopeful after talking to you.
I have, I have hoped to, I really, really do. Um, oh no, keep doing what you're doing,
I,
I,
How?
That's what I
mean, like I, it's been so nice meeting you
and
talking
and I feel like we've been in these little bubbles in our homes and communities and it's so cool to meet you from charlotte north Carolina
sarah.
absolutely, absolutely.
It's,
I did. I, my partner for a long time was an italian guy and we lived there, yeah, I lived in on Sardinia, like a southern island,
but I traveled, I traveled all throughout Western europe when I went over there. So I spent a lot of time in spain and France in italy England. So I didn't, I didn't go all over, but it was enough to really shake me to the core as far as my perspective. And I am, came back to Chicago with like a completely different take on life. And I used to traveling, I mean really, it's hugely beneficial and I've been traveling even to within your own state. I just, I love road trips definitely.
And I'm, I'm going to see my mom, she lives in michigan. I have not seen her since february and I'm going to see her um later this week
and I'm super excited, like had a covid test just to see and I've been really careful. Um you know, until I go see her, I'm like renting a car so I don't have to take the train and yeah, it's like just to be able to get out of here, it will be wonderful.
I
I don't know how with this, like, okay, so my mom lives here
and Grand
rapids
across the lake.
but I felt like the same thing with my mom, she has arthritis and she um it could get really sick, so luckily she's okay and I feel like, I don't know when I see her, like, do I have to stay 6ft away from her? That's gonna be really hard,
I'm
here.
Like
so
what?
No,
well how you used to make some coffee and get to my project? I have to work on but it's been wonderful talking with you.
I don't
think
I think we have to. Do you have another tab that has this
survey? I think you have to go back there and then
like advance
from there. And it will.
Well that means I'm gonna look at that window. What?
it already it it went to another window about the quality of the call. So I think we can just shut this actually.
And then you have another window with this survey, right? Yeah. And you'll go back to that.
All right, enjoy your day.
Hi