Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Who is your father? Yeah. Yeah. You just can't get to your Children. No matter. It's a little bit, yeah. Mhm. It was uncomfortable. I just can't. Mm hmm. Yeah, I think so much. Mhm. Yeah. It's crazy. I'm gonna show you how I went from this to this. So this is a typical day for me. A warm up and you see Douglas. Good shit. Next, we got the best booty builder ever. Yeah. Which is the leg press. It's an instagram influencer. You're not telling you that because I have to sit on their ass, which is their asset. Becky with the naturally fat ass does not know how to build muscles to stop buying their booty programs next to not hip dress. I do it with the Lord's easier on my spine. And then we got these fans have throws which are basically looked more like
good morning. It's
No, um, north Carolina.
Yeah. 11. Actually, we're in Chicago.
No, I wasn't expecting a little show up. This is the second time I've done it and no one should have left. Yeah.
Yeah.
my
check.
that's cool. Yeah. I wouldn't say a computer geek, but I do like personal assisting online virtually. So I know like Microsoft, google, excel all that kind of stuff digitally, trying to expand my knowledge in that area as well. Um Go
who are
Not
Well,
That's really cool.
it's so cool.
sure. I mean especially now when you can't like really work out or will the state I'm in, technically you can, but I don't feel like I should just because of how it keeps recurring coming back and stuff and I really want to take everything I know digitally um and just focus on that, like I want to travel and do all kinds of stuff and I really think it can happen online, so guys,
What?
have three phase plan and we're stuck in phase two for the past month, but people don't wear mask, it was just mandated on friday that everyone has to wear a mask. And I know like north Carolina is like on the cusp of the south essentially in like florida
and everything. I don't even think they're like mandated to wear a mask and stuff and that's where the epicenter is. I'm just saying like it's kind of crazy how it's mainly like older people like I wear a mask if I have to leave the house. Uh and when we first opened back up like the first week where people could go out into the stores and things like that, people ask me if I worked there because I was the only one bag and mask. I'm like, oh my gosh.
No.
You
know?
Yeah.
This
property
Yeah. Unfortunately like where the region I live is still very like, I guess Southern, like everyone would rather believe what their pastor says versus what, you know, any news channel that isn't Fox says. And
I personally don't have like, I don't care what the beliefs are like political wise, that doesn't like mandate my rule of life, but to wear a mask is not only for me, but for everyone else, it's the safety and it's kind of selfish if you don't wear a mask,
then
you
so
good.
I'm
that's
good at least.
rick.
Yeah, it's like you have a minority still. I don't know, I mean the region where I am, um I'm close to a major city that's pretty progressive uh in charlotte, I feel ana, so it's not like that bad, like when I go up there there, but my small town, like personally where I live in right now very like close knit, um lots of deep, deep certain ties um and it's just like, you know, I appreciate that. That's cool. I'm going to wear a mask and I hope you do too. And all that is mandated. Um I went to the store like the saturday yesterday after it. Um not yesterday. She was sunday saturday the day before when I was mandated and many people were complaining because they have to turn you away now if you're not wearing a mask and oh, this is not a First Amendment rights, whatever, whatever rights. And I woke up in America that kind of stuff. It's just exhausting. Like I couldn't, I quit my job just out of personal, slightly fear and then safety because I live with my grandma who is just naturally like can't handle anything and I don't, I didn't want anything to do. So I took that myself personally. Like when it first started and you know, it's just been, it's just crazy how, how some people will take their own personal desires and put it above the public health and above everything else. Science, so
it's wild.
remember?
Well,
No,
it's kind of crazy. My mom is from Venezuela, so she grew up Um she was in her 20s when um the really like socialist type way started to fail um and things started to break down and then she quickly moved here like many did and her family still lives there besides my grandma and everything. So for that year that the police are, you know, gassing people up shooting rubber bullets and they're like, when did it become like here in Venezuela? And it's like kind of scary how, you know, just how the police can just do that and many police don't know their own laws that they enforce and they try and overstep and try and do all kinds of stuff, it's just like we've known it for a long time, but really the the breach of what we can handle has been reached and it's a lot of just progressive movement now, which
I'm
great.
it's
it's
Yeah, at least, I mean it's still kind of weird that we live in such a almost backwards like idea versus like places in other parts of the world that haven't had slavery for hundreds of years and we just got rid of segregation less than 100 years ago and people don't realize that like even something as simple as putting like pictures of like the MLK protests in black and white in history books make it seem like it was so long ago, but it wasn't.
and it's just, it's crazy and I'm glad that people can change their minds and grow past that kind of stuff. Even when trump did get elected. My town was very excited for trump to get elected. They were rallying in the streets and everything when he got elected. And for me personally, like I was just uh how old was I think I was For 15 maybe. Yeah, yeah, I'm 19 by the way. And it just was like for me, like when he first started gaining notoriety, I knew he was gonna be like this face for like he kind of opened Pandora's box in the sense of just everyone felt like they had a voice, just get what they feel like and what America really is. And so even if he was going to be president or not, I knew it like in my heart, like just how people reacted to me in school differently after he said like, oh, mexicans are this that and that it's just, it was like really shocking so now that his election is coming up again, I really, really hope
um she doesn't get elected again, but at the same time, I don't think it will necessarily matter like that, that sounds kind of weird, but like in the sense that progressive movement is going to happen with or without trump, that's what I'm hoping.
Oh, I'm Sarah, you look so young. You look like a college student. That's crazy.
You
know?
I hope, I mean this is my first time voting like ever. So, so
I'm like I'm kind of at a loss because even though he did do things with Obama and that kind of stuff, like just from the same guys, he's like, I feel like a lot of people compared him to trump just under blue colors and I'm not
like,
Like 100% sure how true that is. But I still feel like it's just the fact that we even let people of the same like cut from the same cough get into so much power. You know, no one said this when he was going to be vice president because it didn't matter, but now that he's going to be president, oh, it suddenly matters. It should have mattered like In the 1st place. Um And like I can kind of compare it to like win a bunch of like kids like um go for this one other kid that said the N. Word or did some like awful stuff like or whatever and they get rid of their scholarship or they contact their schools and things like that. It's because we don't want people like that to get into a position to hold that much like power education or knowledge or be over someone else like that, right? Because it needs to stop like at the beginning cut it from the root and with joe biden it's just difficult because it's the lesser of two evils unfortunately like morally wise. But I mean you can't really think of morals when it comes to president, but it shouldn't be like that. I feel like it should
like
Did
you?
it's
fine.
It's
hard.
Yeah. A lot of it comes down tomorrow as I feel like for too long I think people have separated morals with um political opinions or like intent. Um So
it's not
really like, like for me personally I grew up in the south as a hispanic, so I've learned to become pretty tolerant. I had to and like my mom for example, she got her, she became a citizen when I was 10 to 18 so we're both gonna be voting for the first time together, which is really cool. But
yeah, but for her, like all she really knows is this year, like the past two years just of what has been happening in the world and everything. And for her like trump all has tried to help Venezuela, but like at what cost, you know. Um and I just, I'm trying to like guide her into the right direction because my family in Venezuela, all they see is trump. Like he helped us, he gave us like a ship of, I think it was money and food and things like that. So oh my God trump And that's what a lot of Latinos for trump say, but at what cost because while he was doing that, he was putting mexican Children in concentration camps essentially. Um,
and people, people don't like to look at morals when it comes to political opinions or views or any type of standing for, I don't know why because who you are morally is what your actions are going to reflect like at the end of the day. So I just, I just hope that it can change in that sense like because like I know, I know some trump supporters that are genuinely kind and genuinely not racist and stuff, they just believe in a conservative America and unfortunately the only option they had for a conservative America was trump. So I mean, I guess it just comes down to the morals in that sense and it's frustrating because church and state has become one and then also at the same time it's just like a big jumbled
mess.
Right. People tend to get like narrow minded and I feel like that's Bernie didn't really work out, which is more upset because you know, he's such like a good person morally, but I don't know like when it comes to like them saying what we're gonna do, what's gonna happen, they tend to just say a huge goal and a bunch of little goals, but people just focus on the most radical part of it and freak out. Um and it's hard to really, like you're just like overcome with so much and you're like, yes, yes, yes, and then, oh my God, it's so overwhelming um to really deal with. And I don't know, I've lived for the past since trump got elected, it's just been like either you're fully invested in politics or you're not at all. You just ignore it and I know a lot of kids my age that just ignore it because it's a lot. It's so much um if you voice your opinions, your crazy liberal, if you don't, you're just a sheep or something like that, I think like a lot of stuff needs to happen in the system to really change everything because it's so, it's so, it's so, it's so much, it's a lot.
Yeah. I mean I don't know, it's interesting the difference and what we look at, like you're like more focused on the community. I'm just like let's over for the go. That might be generational, that might be generational. I'm not sure that. But that's that's really interesting because I don't think I've really ever that's a lie. I've met progressive people like in a sense that I don't know, I just sometimes feel like you're very isolated in your beliefs when you are I guess young this young, I don't know because you have many people like your professor is your people you go to church with or not or anything telling you, oh you change your mind when you get older, that kind of stuff. I feel like I won't I don't know, just I've lived through a lot already just has from being born so I'm not really too short
moving.
It has to come from somewhere. And just the fact that at one point all 50 states were in protest because of the Black Lives Matter movement just really shows like the power that this movement holds and what it can do. Um Because it just it was the U. S. And there was a bunch of other countries around the world
and it's just
I don't know what else could be a sign for change
like truly
It
was the same
like I think someone compared it to the french revolution taking in place from the american revolution and how everyone heard the american revolution and then in turn heard the french revolution not saying
comparing a relation we're not going to behead anyone but its movements happen. People hear about it and it does it's part of our history as not only americans but humans so
just it's just it's happening. It's very certainly I think
that's good. I hate talking about politics and I'm feeling so pessimistic like I have for like the past three years but now that there's actually changed it so much more like better fun or whatever to talk about because it's like it's going to happen, it's happening. Yeah.
yeah, it's exciting uh like protesting is difficult because I didn't
make the choice to protest out of, you know, like my grandmother and things like that and charlotte's not necessarily like a high risk thing, but I can do
more I think from at home donating, bringing more awareness, especially on facebook where the people like to lyric and say all kinds of things behind their screen under the guise of jesus or american, right? Something like that um which is upsetting, but you know, still happens um but yeah, That's crazy, it's almost
10, 30 minutes, that's that's something I
know.
No.
Is
he?
I
won't, I'm really hoping to do like a bunch of traveling within the United States, just from, I'm taking a year off of college, I took off college, like in the luckiest time ever before Covid started. Um and just like seeing what there is out there besides like my little bubble in charlotte, They're like a really little bubble butt stuff. I think it's important. I think everyone should travel at least once, I
you mentioned
you live in Italy.
wow, that's
No.
poet,
Oh my gosh, I'm very excited for you,
I've never been to, No, no, it's snowy though, like the hand, right, that's
I've
got
Oh, okay, that's cool.
Yeah, that's really cool. Thank
Yeah, I don't even know, like my little brother goes out and sees his friends because he thinks he's invincible because he's 17, but uh he usually has to wear a mask and I hope they like somewhat social distance. I don't know, it's
here, it's
way more relax. I feel like than other parts of the world and even even more so like it can be more relaxed, like florida obviously, but at the same time like
people don't really unfortunately don't really care when something like this happens unless it happens to them. So
it's just like
part of what human nature is. Unfortunately. I don't know. I hope not all humans, but
how kids. Yes. Yeah.
Yes. And you don't know
how close
this thing or do I just Uh
serving
you
ready,
I think.
You're more experienced on this. Yeah.
Not this. Okay. Perfect.
All right. Thank you.
Yeah, let's have a good trip. Have a good
life.