Thank you. Well,
well I'm good, how are you?
Hello, I'm tim
nice to meet you. Uh huh.
I live in Los Angeles in California. Okay. Mhm.
It's very hot all year long for like we're basically no seasons basically. Summer and winter. Yeah.
Uh
So like it's been pretty bad to be honest like but you know, I thought that people in L. A. Would respect like, you know the whole social distancing thing like wear a mask laws. But surprisingly there's like a ton of people in
L. A. That don't wear masks and that
they just don't. Yeah like If I go outside for grocery shopping at least I think I see at least like 10 people without masks.
Yeah, it's just really bad and
quite unexpected.
Well.
exactly. Like you're not paid to like tell people to, you know, basically.
And
if you
see that there is going to argue, if, you know, just getting a file open and they'll just get all confrontational and then
it's not worth it.
no.
So how long have you been working in a pharmacy?
You know,
so what are you majoring in right
now?
So initially started as a business administration major at USC, but then I decided um it just wasn't it, I wasn't really like enjoying it, so then I took some time off from school and then I was doing some internships at some sports organizations because I'm, I'm into e sports and it goes to like transitions and all that, so I'm currently working for any sports or I'm gonna go back to school and get a degree at least because you know, it's good to have a four year degree on your resume because you have some relevant to your field. It still helps, you know when you're getting a job. So I'm probably gonna go back. But probably when, you know, Covid comes down and all that, some early done for paying nearly 60,000 just for online classes because USC tuition is, it's fucking ridiculous.
But.
Yeah. Like for me,
the biggest
thing was like the cost of tuition versus like the quality of education you're getting. It's just like, I don't think it's worth it to be honest. And like, you know like schools in the so called area, they like even raised tuition even after all this. So like there was a ton of, yeah, there was a ton of protesting over that and then the kicker is so they're allowing them students back in the dorm just for like dorms but not like actual in person classes. And my school actually had an outbreak of corona because people were having parties, you go home.
So yeah, it's just, it's just like people are acting like the pandemics over and it's like just never ending because of people partying like things are just normal.
no.
honestly like, I feel like it depends on this presidential election, depending on who becomes president because you know, in my opinion, the current administration, they completely botched the whole covid response from the get go and I don't really have faith in them to control the outbreak here because it's like there's been a really pissed for job and other things like, like parents, like some like some like miracle maker that's kind of fix everything. But I definitely feel like with him at the helm, is he at least like have a decent dependent response team? It's like, you know, I think the whole date for like when things go back to normal really depends on who becomes president. I think if I become president maybe like if we're lucky by the end of next year maybe because you know, vaccines your even with like rapids, passengers so far away. So, and I don't really trust americans to keep following, you know, like social distancing or mask laws. So I'm not really too optimistic to be honest about containing covid in the United States.
Okay, so like four years ago, I thought Hillary definitely makes. I thought there's no way people are stupid enough to vote for trump.
Yeah, like the cold,
like clean the swamp, like oh he's not like the rest of them. Like, you know, he's uh
he's
not like
he's not like the ritual leads,
like
it was just infuriating. Like I just like got feeling that I was trying looks like I didn't want to accept the fact that he could possibly become president and the election that came around and the news came going on. I just couldn't believe it, that he became president and then like people try it down to the job like, oh can't be that bad. You know, you can't possibly be that bad. And then surprise, surprise
ended up being that ended up being worse than what people expected. Fiance.
She's like, I think it was like the perfect timing for him too because like like
you
said like people are like tired of politicians and then the democrat nominee was Hillary clinton like sure we had a bad public image even amongst democrats too. So like I feel like the whole notion of voter enthusiasm wasn't as high because it was Hillary if you were like oh you know it's trump you know people can't possible for him all you know it's very like you know show where I don't need a boat like I feel like it was just like the perfect timing for him too when the election like people were tired of politicians and then the democrat nominee was like literally embodying it of a standard politician select. I feel like that also turned a lot of people off
good
like he'd stand up for the common people like but like
he's
like the rest of them. Yeah
he
stands up for
what's right you know he knows what the average american wants and it's
just like
I think
I've seen this one actually.
You
know what Qasemi
was
like
during
the you know the
during the protests and republicans between like you know this is biden's american. I was just like minded because like biden is not the president right now trump's president trump's America. How are you saying it's fine it's America doesn't make sense. But
then I start like people were eating it all up and I'm like how can you possibly be the sense
maybe?
what?
Speaking
of the president so have you been following the Supreme Court
nomination process right now with
the First Amendment you can list all five
them.
She
got trumped.
my
did you see what I forgot what senator it was with. The senator asked her about if she would guarantee that she would have messed with birth control and gay rights and she couldn't comment on it. She literally said she can't answer it
and it was just
it
is so like at this point like it's basically given that it will be confirmed because the republicans have a majority and like unless more Republican senators say they're not going to vote for pretty much shooting right now. So like this whole process is just for everyone to see how stupid she is. But the thing is you can't really do anything about it because she's basically locked in for a for a nomination which gets me um RBG you know when Obama was president during the final two years, he asked her to step down so he could replace her because he knew that
she
knew that she didn't have that much longer on the on the court and then she said that she would have stepped down because she wanted to wait for Hillary become president and now looking back at it she kind of royally screwed us over
because.
Oh I hate that.
like this
like a hero
she
was she had
some hello racist views that people
like talking
about like
they just love ignoring.
Yeah he's in the war criminal, he's
just like he's like a cool war criminal basically.
You
know
he's
internal pop culture.
So that the problem is like you know like whole like stand colder flight like pop figures like you know like singers and all that. I feel like I promised people are applying that to politicians as well and politicians are meant to be idolized. You know like they're working for us not the other way around but like withstand twitter. It's like we just keep idolising. He's basically like let's feel they're bad people and like it's just really bizarre if you think about the fact that people are standing for politicians.
Yeah exactly. It's
your job to do.
That's
your
job is
done.
roads.
trigger
are.
Holy
shit.
jesus christ. It's
awful.
What
fucking
It's still bizarre like what's
going through your head
Holy
shit.
My goodness.
Oh yeah I was born here.
I like it but like I lose you my whole life so I'm pretty tired of it.
That's the question. It's like when I was younger I really like the east coast
like new york ish. But then I discovered like you know housing there's shitty as L. A. So now like I'm trying to
like
something like maybe like out of the country like somewhere in Asia maybe.
definitely.
But
From
definitely.
Yeah, that's like the common parking point.
But
yeah
It's 7:30 here.
Yeah. How are you?
You know I first I didn't want to do but then you know the whole $20 like you know might as well
I do.
Yeah that's that's what, that's what I've been doing. So like when it peaks of it, I take them out and then I just wait for it to save lives again.
It depends like some weeks I get like Maybe like 10 every day and then I go through some periods where like I go like an entire week without getting a single survey. It's really weird. Yeah.
I just automatically fit that seems like a notification,
but it's still
not
fast enough for me sometimes.
I hate that so
much.
Yeah it's basically me too.
I used to but like I found it politic like pays the best side of all. Um So just I've just been focusing on pollution for now.
we'll get the get the full payment.
talking to you,