SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How many times have you done this? Uh
SPEAKER_L: I've done this twice now. What about yourself? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think this is my 5th time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. I guess I've been doing this for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They started it a couple months ago I think. And it was initially like you could only do it three times and then they upped it to four and then they upped it to six. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Why don't usually like go on like the website that I usually go on? So I was just having like the second time I saw it was recently when I just said I'm like oh, I'm just gonna go check it out and see what's out there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's it's like $17.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Might as well. You're
SPEAKER_R: Might
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: to be doing anything anyways. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh So I'm jennifer,
SPEAKER_L: My name is anna
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you, anna How
SPEAKER_L: to meet
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the pandemic in your neck of the world?
SPEAKER_L: Well um I don't know if he was how the news, but Wisconsin starting to become the epic center of, of COVID 19. So you know what's nice? I love it.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Going great. 2020. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: God, it's just, I'm so tired of Covid. But what are you gonna do? Like it is what it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I mean like all you can do is continue staying home and that like that is the correct thing to do, but it's also so frustrating to know that you're like the situation to just be extended because people aren't staying at home.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Like it's hard to like know that like other countries are able to like have things under control and like we're supposed to be like so like so much more advanced than other countries and like we can like we
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just literally don't understand the concept of staying at home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's so bad. Um Have you seen anybody? Have I know it, I've seen quite a bit over in California, but I see a huge number of people who are out with like um lace or mesh masks.
SPEAKER_L: I have not seen actually any people here um with measureless mass.
SPEAKER_R: I see it, I see it like mostly at walmart, which you know, wal mart people, but like it's the most malicious compliance thing I've seen throughout all of
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Covid.
SPEAKER_L: like at that point like why like why even bother them? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Go shop someplace that is fine with you not wearing a mask, like it means that much to you. Go drive the extra like five or 10 miles, go somewhere else.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Don't put everyone else at risk because of your stupidity. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's it's crazy. People are so crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely come to light in 2020.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, I know. And it's just gonna get worse as the election gets closer and closer and then, you know, however that ends up is just going to be a giant dumpster fire. There's gonna be riots like nothing good can come from this election.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no like yeah I agree with you completely. Like people are gonna be angry no matter what the turnout ends up being. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy times,
SPEAKER_L: I definitely agree. So what have you been doing to like keep yourself sane?
SPEAKER_R: Oh. Um Not much. I
SPEAKER_L: If.
SPEAKER_R: have been looking for a job I've been unemployed for for quite a while now I'm looking for a job within my field which is biology, which is a really hard field to get into in the first place, let alone in the middle of a pandemic. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I really recently enrolled in an online course, it's like a 6-month specialization course for a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like a mapping program. Our genius. Um And I'm hoping that that will help me get some some job interviews in the future. Uh huh. And in the meantime you know, keeps me busy. Um I also play a lot of video games and a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: couple days out of the week. I go and I drive to uh my grandparents house and I help them out with like getting groceries and and housework and. Well that sort of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice of you.
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I work, I work in a clinic um so it's been very interesting um how things have changed from the start of covid. Like I just remember like all the chaos at the very beginning, like people not knowing what to do. Like I remember like every single day we were just watching like the news and like seeing the cases go up in Wisconsin, we were like well like what is our organization going to do? Like are they going to say anything? And it like it wasn't probably until maybe like mid March that like we like had a lot of changes and protocols, like everything just became different overnight. We went virtual so fast. And like people were just like trying to like understand like how to use like a new virtual platform with patients and like the types of patients that we see, like, how easy it was like to be able to get them to like adapt to the way that we were now doing patient care. So like for work, it's been very interesting. Never a dull moment. That's for sure. Um usually by the time I'm like done with the work day, like I just come home, I don't want to do anything else. Most of my contact with the outside world is like when I go grocery shopping or like maybe like go on like a walk to trying to get some sort of exercising. I was watching a lot of Youtube videos at the beginning, like trying to like work out and I was lying to myself by telling myself that I liked it, but I knew I did not like it one single bit.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. So what um what sort of clinic work is it if I can ask? Is it like medical, is it psychology, is it
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So we do reproductive health care. So
SPEAKER_R: reproductive
SPEAKER_L: we do like a city
SPEAKER_R: health
SPEAKER_L: testing.
SPEAKER_R: care?
SPEAKER_L: Birth control. Perhaps smears a lot of like women's health. The thing that the only thing that we do for like men's health is pretty much STD testing. So like breast exams, um, like if women are having like vaginal symptoms, like that kind of stuff, like, like a lot of simple things, we don't like really get into like hard things. Like if, like if somebody's dealing with cancer, something like there's not so much that we can do. Like we just refer them out. Um, but a lot of people like come to us first thinking that we're able to help and sometimes we can, and other times we can't um, so we try to help as much as we can.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's awesome. That's awesome. That makes me so happy to hear that. There's like, I know that there's so many places where women should be able to go to get fair health checked out that are, you know covered in protesters or like getting closed down. Like there's all this stuff going on. So that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, luckily we don't deal too much with protesters. Um but I can't say the same definitely for like other places, but we've been fortunate to not have to deal with those types of people.
SPEAKER_R: that's great. That's great. Right.
SPEAKER_L: kind of, what work were you doing before you got laid off? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I worked as a research assistant for a professor at a university um when I was doing um research and writing technical reports on fish welfare. Uh huh. Um And I was working as a like a like a month month contractor. Um and they ended up running out of funding. Um So I ended up without a job. Um Yeah that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: was last june june 2019. Um And at the time I was I was living and had been working in Sweden. Um And the city that I was living in did not have a whole lot of biology positions. Um And my Swedish was not what it could have been. Um So then I started devoting all of my time to practicing Swedish and like like you said doing Youtube workout videos and trying to convince myself that I liked it and it was terrible and miserable and awful hey? Yeah. Um So we only moved back to the U. S. Mid March, like in the middle of covid panic. We got the last flight from Sweden to the U. S.
SPEAKER_L: Cheese. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And just like peaked in under the radar. Um And I've been looking for a position ever since luckily my partner was able to find a job so we're not continuing to live off savings like we were before. But
SPEAKER_L: All right. That's good. Yeah, this whole pandemic has just turned almost every person's life upside down. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yes and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's for me it's super hard to see the people who are pushing back against the recommendations because it's so ridiculous to make wearing a mask into a political statement. Um.
SPEAKER_L: Like it's literally facts like where a mass and you decrease the possibility of getting of getting infected. It's it has nothing to do with politics, but they want to make it so political
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's like you you wear a mask for like the 20 minutes that you're inside a grocery store like that's it that's all anybody is asking.
SPEAKER_L: literally.
SPEAKER_R: And maybe like don't throw parties which has become the new issue. The number of people having weddings and parties. And there was I
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: even just covid parties, like people were there trying to get In fact like I couldn't believe my ears when I heard that. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: like that People seem to be really stuck on the whole like it's got a 1-2% death rate and completely ignoring all of the other serious issues that can come from having covid. Like this is not like the flu And like the fruit messes a lot of people up but like the flu isn't going to give you a stroke at the age of 30 Covid. Well Covid doesn't care.
SPEAKER_L: Covid will not discriminate,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My note my dad is um like super right wing conservative and like into the whole political thing and it's very against masks and he's just like we should all just get Covid and
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you know how the world should be at near max capacity and that way you know we'll just get herd immunity and I am like I can't I cannot discuss this with you at all. I have to leave. I love goodbye
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm gonna take out some bread I have in the oven because my oven is beeping at
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: me. Sorry. Mhm. I act. Mhm. The nature. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was trying to time this out right so that it wouldn't happen that way. And then I'm like oh dang nope, it's definitely gonna start beating any time soon.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was 100% not expecting anybody to be on the other round. I've been stood up so many times.
SPEAKER_L: Really? The only, I haven't well I'm only done it twice and I almost thought that the guy wasn't going to show up the first time I did it because it was like two minutes and I'm like this dude is definitely not showing up whatever. And then all of a sudden like a face popped up, I'm like, oh.
SPEAKER_R: Surprise. Yeah. I think I had like two different instances where I had to Where I was waiting for somebody like three or 4 times before I got somebody on the other end. But whatever I will wait for $20.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Money is money,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for sure. And especially like if you're unemployed 20 bucks a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. You can stretch it so far,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: know exactly what you're doing.
SPEAKER_R: I found that like with prolific because I keep it on um in the background when I'm when I'm studying during the day And like I can make $50 a month on prolific pretty easy and that's like that's groceries.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Okay. Yeah. So what made you wanna go into Biology? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's an excellent question. It seemed like a good fit. Um I started out as a math major and I did a full semester of math and then I decided that like this was not not working out for me. Um And I switched to biology because I had watched a episode on the Discovery Channel on giant squid and I was like oh my God this is the best thing ever, it's amazing. I'm gonna go study squid and this is gonna be my life and I sort of the biology. Yeah. Um So I got my bachelor's degree in Biology and I worked for um the U. S. Geological Survey for a couple years as a
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: web developer. Um
SPEAKER_L: That, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Doing a lot of volunteer work on a side biology project so I could get experience. Um But I was kind of getting tired of web development after like 44 years or so okay I'm gonna look for a job in biology. And I looked and there was just there was there was just nothing I was like okay about huge degree is obviously not enough I have to go get my masters. So I applied um to bunch universities and I got accepted into a university in Sweden. Um So I went I did my masters degree and came back and it's still hard to find a challenging job.
SPEAKER_L: What would be your dream job? Extreme biology job?
SPEAKER_R: Um Probably working in an aquarium um with the squid and the octopus and cuttlefish. If I couldn't get into a research position working with them, that would be pretty ideal. Um But I've also thought a little bit about like teaching because I like being around kids and I feel like teachers have such a huge impact on people. Like it can really make or break somebody's love of science and it would be really
SPEAKER_L: I definitely as
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it would be really cool to have that ability like impact. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But then there's all the downsides of like teaching with right now the distance learning and um
SPEAKER_L: Like how to keep Children engaged over video, How to work with the parents,
SPEAKER_R: and and from what I've heard having to come up with lessons lesson plans that like fit with the curriculum and fit with you know what parents are okay with you teaching and what the administration is okay with you teaching and it's just like this huge huge headache. Um So that's sort of my backup plan is to go into teaching but
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: primarily like getting a research position would be it would be pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Right. If you were to teach what grade would you want to teach her what age range? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: um Like I want to say like smaller kids between the ages of like six and 10. Um You know when kids are still like pretty cute and like they listen to you and wow.
SPEAKER_L: And they're still impressionable?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you know and they're they're not going to have like a massive attitude when you call them out for something like when they still get excited. Uh I don't think I could teach the high school and my tolerance for for You know sas is like zero. Yeah but also maybe community college would be cool. She got wide age range. And like if you're going to community college, you're there because you want to be there,
SPEAKER_L: Right. You don't want to waste your time, like you're putting in the money? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that would be cool. Um, What about you? Do you are you happy working at your reproductive health clinic or do you want to do the mouth?
SPEAKER_L: So a ridge. So I got my bachelor's degree in biochemistry. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: hard core.
SPEAKER_L: it was, yeah, I was like, you know, so I started off as Biology because I was like I want to go to med school and then because my advisor convinced me and then I was like doing biology classes and I like biology, but it's not like a passion and I'm like, but I still need biology aspect and I really like chemistry in high school and I'm like, you know what? Fuck it, let's just do it, let's just do biochemistry. Okay. And oh my god, that was definitely like one of the toughest things I did and I kind of sweep by, but it's something that I would definitely still do again. Um So after coming out of college, I didn't have a job lined up and I was, I don't know, I'm not gonna lie to you, felt pretty defeated after going through all those science classes and I was like, kind of like not knowing what I wanted to do anymore, and I'm like, oh, am I really actually like gonna make like a good like doctor if I still want to do that. And I'm like, you know what? Maybe I just need a break. So I went into insurance, I started working for all state for like a year and a half and I learned a lot. I learned a lot about insurance, but I'm like, I hate this. I hate this a lot because I get yelled at by customers who tell me that like their premiums are too high or they didn't like by whatever like coverage. And or like when they tell me that like, oh, I wanted this and you didn't add it on and now I have an accident. And I'm like, okay. So I was like, I need to get out of here. So I quit that job. And then I found this job as a medical assistant at this reproductive clinic and I've been there ever since. But it's not gonna lie to you starting to get rough because we're understaffed right now. So we're meeting the same volume of patients as we were fully staffed.
SPEAKER_R: That,
SPEAKER_L: So the patients will never stop coming. And but like there's like, we had a lot of people leave her. Like one was going to med school. Another one was like going to Chicago. Another one was starting nursing school. So like, you know, people were continuing on with our lives, but it has made it like really rough these past couple of months just like dealing with everything. So it's like super tiring just being there. And it feels like the company themselves, like don't care even though they're like, we're really great at caring about our patients. I just feel like they don't really care about like the health care workers,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. It sounds like they really dropped the ball with making sure the clinic is prepared what it needs to handle
SPEAKER_L: And it's tiring to like have to continuously tell our manager like, hey, we're just feeling really burnt out and we're hoping if you can just like, you know, less than the schedule. And it's just like, well this is where we need to be at. And I'm like, but my sanity though, like
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: I just don't understand.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I love it. Like I hope, I hope that you say it just like that to them. They're like, no, I can't. You're like, okay. But my sanity, I need it.
SPEAKER_L: But they would honestly not care.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: such
SPEAKER_L: just really
SPEAKER_R: bummer.
SPEAKER_L: would not like, I love everything that we do and like everything that we represent. But I literally hate how they treat us. It's like, what are you gonna do? Like other besides like quit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are there was going to ask you, are there any other like clinics that you could transfer to?
SPEAKER_L: So I never, so like I call myself a medical assistant because it's like the easiest way to like represent like what my title is, but technically recalled reproductive health care assistance. So I never got my medical assistant license. So there isn't a lot of places that you can go to without like not having your certificate as a medical assistant. So it makes it a little bit harder to like find another job at a clinic. And I'm like starting to get to the point where like I am like in love with like being in health care and I know that for a fact because I've done it for like a year already. Um and I want to move up like I don't want to stay as a as a medical assistant forever. I wanna be able to like actually like make a whole like health care plan for my patients. So I'm in the right now the boat where I'm trying to figure out whether or not I want to become a doctor or whether I want to become a P. A. And what I'm trying to figure out is whether or not is whether like the reason that I want to become a P. A. Is because I don't have the confidence in myself to become a doctor. So I'm trying to figure that out. And then once I figured that out I'm gonna like go back to school. Like take some more classes that I know I definitely need to take for either ph or met school. Mhm. And then maybe like retake some classes that I didn't do so well. So that's where I'm at right now. I don't know. Like probably like in a year I would like want to like quit and just focus on school. I'll get by on student loans and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is there a big difference in the amount of school required for P. A. Versus doctor?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so there is so for a P. A. Program it's usually two years while a medical program, it's your four years plus your residency. So it's not very common for you to go into P. A. School and then have to go through a residency. You usually just go straight into practice,
SPEAKER_R: That's cool because all I ever hear about with doctors, it's like it's eight years of medical school and then, you're you know $200,000 in debt paying it off forever. And that would be a really hard thing to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then like I've heard stories of people like becoming a P. A. And then like they listen then after decided to go into med school and I'm like damn you have to have some real balls to want to do
SPEAKER_R: Battle
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: a lot. That's a lot. Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I'm sure like it's not impossible but like you said it's it's so much
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't think, I don't think I could do Another eight years of school for like any reason.
SPEAKER_L: I really like yeah I have to like pick one or the other and like right now I'm leaning more towards in that school. The more like I think about it like the more like I want to do it but I like wanted I still need to like talk to some people at our at our university Mexico that we have here before I like make like the final decision because after that I'm not looking back because if I look back, I know that I'm gonna second guess myself and I'm gonna want to stop and like take a break and make sure like I'm like reassessing everything and I just can't, I feel like I'm wasting so much time even though I'm like only 24,
SPEAKER_R: Oh you have lots of time. You have a lot of time.
SPEAKER_L: like I hear those words but I don't I don't feel that
SPEAKER_R: I I get it. It doesn't feel like it, but you do, you have so much time. Like I went back to get my masters degree at 30. So like yeah, there's loads of side
SPEAKER_L: You're right,
SPEAKER_R: I so many people talk
SPEAKER_L: Why
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: is life
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: so?
SPEAKER_R: how your life is supposed to go With like as far as timing or whatever, like you're supposed to go to high school and then go to school and then you work a job and like have kids and you're supposed to have like all of this done before the age of 32 and it's like most millennials okay are still living with their parents, They can't afford to move out, like they can't afford to have a car, they can't afford to go to school, they can't afford to like be adults and putting a time limit all in. All of this is just ridiculous, ridiculous. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's our society works.
SPEAKER_R: Block past past. I don't want it.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, mm I know. Same. Yeah man,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well it has been super fun talking with you. Um But I've got dinner waiting for me on the table so I'm gonna bounce.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that I am in the same situation.
SPEAKER_R: Well. Best of luck with your future. I hope you know pia or men's school, you're happy and prosperous with your decision.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I hope you find something out there that you absolutely love doing. I know that this job market is a bitch right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. It'll be fine though. Fine. Got lots of time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're right loads of time. It's going to be my new mantra.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. 2020 is gonna be over. The pandemic will end eventually. It's all going to be fine.
SPEAKER_L: You're right. Oh yeah, it was really nice meeting you and it was a really great talk.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Um Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have a good
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: night.