Hi, how's it going?
Good. How many times have you done this? Uh
I think this is my 5th time.
Yeah. They started it a couple months ago I think. And it was initially like you could only do it three times and then they upped it to four and then they upped it to six. Mm.
I mean it's it's like $17.
Might
as
well.
Yeah. Uh So I'm jennifer,
nice to meet you, anna How
is
the pandemic in your neck of the world?
Great. Going great. 2020. Yeah.
Yeah. And I mean like all you can do is continue staying home and that like that is the correct thing to do, but it's also so frustrating to know that you're like the situation to just be extended because people aren't staying at home.
No.
that's so bad. Um Have you seen anybody? Have I know it, I've seen quite a bit over in California, but I see a huge number of people who are out with like um lace or mesh masks.
I see it, I see it like mostly at walmart, which you know, wal mart people, but like it's the most malicious compliance thing I've seen throughout all of
Covid.
Go shop someplace that is fine with you not wearing a mask, like it means that much to you. Go drive the extra like five or 10 miles, go somewhere else.
No, it's it's crazy. People are so crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, I know. And it's just gonna get worse as the election gets closer and closer and then, you know, however that ends up is just going to be a giant dumpster fire. There's gonna be riots like nothing good can come from this election.
Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy times,
Oh. Um Not much. I
have been looking for a job I've been unemployed for for quite a while now I'm looking for a job within my field which is biology, which is a really hard field to get into in the first place, let alone in the middle of a pandemic. Um
So I really recently enrolled in an online course, it's like a 6-month specialization course for a
like a mapping program. Our genius. Um And I'm hoping that that will help me get some some job interviews in the future. Uh huh. And in the meantime you know, keeps me busy. Um I also play a lot of video games and a
couple days out of the week. I go and I drive to uh my grandparents house and I help them out with like getting groceries and and housework and. Well that sort of stuff.
What about you?
Mhm. Yeah. So what um what sort of clinic work is it if I can ask? Is it like medical, is it psychology, is it
reproductive
health
care?
Well, that's awesome. That's awesome. That makes me so happy to hear that. There's like, I know that there's so many places where women should be able to go to get fair health checked out that are, you know covered in protesters or like getting closed down. Like there's all this stuff going on. So that's awesome.
that's great. That's great. Right.
I worked as a research assistant for a professor at a university um when I was doing um research and writing technical reports on fish welfare. Uh huh. Um And I was working as a like a like a month month contractor. Um and they ended up running out of funding. Um So I ended up without a job. Um Yeah that
was last june june 2019. Um And at the time I was I was living and had been working in Sweden. Um And the city that I was living in did not have a whole lot of biology positions. Um And my Swedish was not what it could have been. Um So then I started devoting all of my time to practicing Swedish and like like you said doing Youtube workout videos and trying to convince myself that I liked it and it was terrible and miserable and awful hey? Yeah. Um So we only moved back to the U. S. Mid March, like in the middle of covid panic. We got the last flight from Sweden to the U. S.
And just like peaked in under the radar. Um And I've been looking for a position ever since luckily my partner was able to find a job so we're not continuing to live off savings like we were before. But
Yes and
it's for me it's super hard to see the people who are pushing back against the recommendations because it's so ridiculous to make wearing a mask into a political statement. Um.
Yeah and it's like you you wear a mask for like the 20 minutes that you're inside a grocery store like that's it that's all anybody is asking.
And maybe like don't throw parties which has become the new issue. The number of people having weddings and parties. And there was I
thought
like that People seem to be really stuck on the whole like it's got a 1-2% death rate and completely ignoring all of the other serious issues that can come from having covid. Like this is not like the flu And like the fruit messes a lot of people up but like the flu isn't going to give you a stroke at the age of 30 Covid. Well Covid doesn't care.
Yeah. My note my dad is um like super right wing conservative and like into the whole political thing and it's very against masks and he's just like we should all just get Covid and
you know how the world should be at near max capacity and that way you know we'll just get herd immunity and I am like I can't I cannot discuss this with you at all. I have to leave. I love goodbye
for
Yeah. I was 100% not expecting anybody to be on the other round. I've been stood up so many times.
Surprise. Yeah. I think I had like two different instances where I had to Where I was waiting for somebody like three or 4 times before I got somebody on the other end. But whatever I will wait for $20.
Yeah for sure. And especially like if you're unemployed 20 bucks a lot.
Yeah and I
don't
I found that like with prolific because I keep it on um in the background when I'm when I'm studying during the day And like I can make $50 a month on prolific pretty easy and that's like that's groceries.
That's an excellent question. It seemed like a good fit. Um I started out as a math major and I did a full semester of math and then I decided that like this was not not working out for me. Um And I switched to biology because I had watched a episode on the Discovery Channel on giant squid and I was like oh my God this is the best thing ever, it's amazing. I'm gonna go study squid and this is gonna be my life and I sort of the biology. Yeah. Um So I got my bachelor's degree in Biology and I worked for um the U. S. Geological Survey for a couple years as a
web developer. Um
Doing a lot of volunteer work on a side biology project so I could get experience. Um But I was kind of getting tired of web development after like 44 years or so okay I'm gonna look for a job in biology. And I looked and there was just there was there was just nothing I was like okay about huge degree is obviously not enough I have to go get my masters. So I applied um to bunch universities and I got accepted into a university in Sweden. Um So I went I did my masters degree and came back and it's still hard to find a challenging job.
Um Probably working in an aquarium um with the squid and the octopus and cuttlefish. If I couldn't get into a research position working with them, that would be pretty ideal. Um But I've also thought a little bit about like teaching because I like being around kids and I feel like teachers have such a huge impact on people. Like it can really make or break somebody's love of science and it would be really
Yeah it would be really cool to have that ability like impact. Um
But then there's all the downsides of like teaching with right now the distance learning and um
and and from what I've heard having to come up with lessons lesson plans that like fit with the curriculum and fit with you know what parents are okay with you teaching and what the administration is okay with you teaching and it's just like this huge huge headache. Um So that's sort of my backup plan is to go into teaching but
primarily like getting a research position would be it would be pretty cool.
um Like I want to say like smaller kids between the ages of like six and 10. Um You know when kids are still like pretty cute and like they listen to you and wow.
Yeah you know and they're they're not going to have like a massive attitude when you call them out for something like when they still get excited. Uh I don't think I could teach the high school and my tolerance for for You know sas is like zero. Yeah but also maybe community college would be cool. She got wide age range. And like if you're going to community college, you're there because you want to be there,
Yeah. I think that would be cool. Um, What about you? Do you are you happy working at your reproductive health clinic or do you want to do the mouth?
hard core.
That,
Yeah. I know. It sounds like they really dropped the ball with making sure the clinic is prepared what it needs to handle
here.
Oh, I love it. Like I hope, I hope that you say it just like that to them. They're like, no, I can't. You're like, okay. But my sanity, I need it.
Oh, it's
such
bummer.
Yeah. Are there was going to ask you, are there any other like clinics that you could transfer to?
Yeah. Is there a big difference in the amount of school required for P. A. Versus doctor?
That's cool because all I ever hear about with doctors, it's like it's eight years of medical school and then, you're you know $200,000 in debt paying it off forever. And that would be a really hard thing to.
Battle
a lot. That's a lot. Oh my gosh.
Yeah, I don't think, I don't think I could do Another eight years of school for like any reason.
Oh you have lots of time. You have a lot of time.
I I get it. It doesn't feel like it, but you do, you have so much time. Like I went back to get my masters degree at 30. So like yeah, there's loads of side
I so many people talk
about
like
how your life is supposed to go With like as far as timing or whatever, like you're supposed to go to high school and then go to school and then you work a job and like have kids and you're supposed to have like all of this done before the age of 32 and it's like most millennials okay are still living with their parents, They can't afford to move out, like they can't afford to have a car, they can't afford to go to school, they can't afford to like be adults and putting a time limit all in. All of this is just ridiculous, ridiculous. Oh yeah.
Block past past. I don't want it.
Mhm. Well it has been super fun talking with you. Um But I've got dinner waiting for me on the table so I'm gonna bounce.
Well. Best of luck with your future. I hope you know pia or men's school, you're happy and prosperous with your decision.
Oh yeah. It'll be fine though. Fine. Got lots of time.
Yeah. Yeah. 2020 is gonna be over. The pandemic will end eventually. It's all going to be fine.
I agree. Um Bye.
You