Hi.
Good. How are you?
I've done this twice now. What about yourself? Mhm.
Oh wow. I guess I've been doing this for a while.
Why don't usually like go on like the website that I usually go on? So I was just having like the second time I saw it was recently when I just said I'm like oh, I'm just gonna go check it out and see what's out there. Yeah.
Yeah. Might as well. You're
not
going
to be doing anything anyways. Yeah. Mhm
My name is anna
to meet
you. Yeah.
Well um I don't know if he was how the news, but Wisconsin starting to become the epic center of, of COVID 19. So you know what's nice? I love it.
God, it's just, I'm so tired of Covid. But what are you gonna do? Like it is what it is.
Right. Like it's hard to like know that like other countries are able to like have things under control and like we're supposed to be like so like so much more advanced than other countries and like we can like we
just literally don't understand the concept of staying at home. Yeah.
I have not seen actually any people here um with measureless mass.
It's
like at that point like why like why even bother them? Mhm.
Exactly. Don't put everyone else at risk because of your stupidity. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's definitely come to light in 2020.
Oh no like yeah I agree with you completely. Like people are gonna be angry no matter what the turnout ends up being. Yeah
I definitely agree. So what have you been doing to like keep yourself sane?
If.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
that's nice of you.
Um So I work, I work in a clinic um so it's been very interesting um how things have changed from the start of covid. Like I just remember like all the chaos at the very beginning, like people not knowing what to do. Like I remember like every single day we were just watching like the news and like seeing the cases go up in Wisconsin, we were like well like what is our organization going to do? Like are they going to say anything? And it like it wasn't probably until maybe like mid March that like we like had a lot of changes and protocols, like everything just became different overnight. We went virtual so fast. And like people were just like trying to like understand like how to use like a new virtual platform with patients and like the types of patients that we see, like, how easy it was like to be able to get them to like adapt to the way that we were now doing patient care. So like for work, it's been very interesting. Never a dull moment. That's for sure. Um usually by the time I'm like done with the work day, like I just come home, I don't want to do anything else. Most of my contact with the outside world is like when I go grocery shopping or like maybe like go on like a walk to trying to get some sort of exercising. I was watching a lot of Youtube videos at the beginning, like trying to like work out and I was lying to myself by telling myself that I liked it, but I knew I did not like it one single bit.
Yes. So we do reproductive health care. So
we do like a city
testing.
Birth control. Perhaps smears a lot of like women's health. The thing that the only thing that we do for like men's health is pretty much STD testing. So like breast exams, um, like if women are having like vaginal symptoms, like that kind of stuff, like, like a lot of simple things, we don't like really get into like hard things. Like if, like if somebody's dealing with cancer, something like there's not so much that we can do. Like we just refer them out. Um, but a lot of people like come to us first thinking that we're able to help and sometimes we can, and other times we can't um, so we try to help as much as we can.
Yeah, luckily we don't deal too much with protesters. Um but I can't say the same definitely for like other places, but we've been fortunate to not have to deal with those types of people.
kind of, what work were you doing before you got laid off? Mhm.
Yeah.
Cheese. Yeah.
All right. That's good. Yeah, this whole pandemic has just turned almost every person's life upside down. Mhm
Yeah.
Like it's literally facts like where a mass and you decrease the possibility of getting of getting infected. It's it has nothing to do with politics, but they want to make it so political
literally.
Or
even just covid parties, like people were there trying to get In fact like I couldn't believe my ears when I heard that. Mhm,
Covid will not discriminate,
no.
yeah, I'm gonna take out some bread I have in the oven because my oven is beeping at
me. Sorry. Mhm. I act. Mhm. The nature. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was trying to time this out right so that it wouldn't happen that way. And then I'm like oh dang nope, it's definitely gonna start beating any time soon.
Really? The only, I haven't well I'm only done it twice and I almost thought that the guy wasn't going to show up the first time I did it because it was like two minutes and I'm like this dude is definitely not showing up whatever. And then all of a sudden like a face popped up, I'm like, oh.
Exactly. Money is money,
Exactly. You can stretch it so far,
you
know exactly what you're doing.
Exactly. Okay. Yeah. So what made you wanna go into Biology? Yeah.
Mhm.
That, yeah.
What would be your dream job? Extreme biology job?
I definitely as
Mhm.
Like how to keep Children engaged over video, How to work with the parents,
Good.
Right. If you were to teach what grade would you want to teach her what age range? Mhm.
And they're still impressionable?
Right. You don't want to waste your time, like you're putting in the money? Yeah.
So a ridge. So I got my bachelor's degree in biochemistry. Yeah,
it was, yeah, I was like, you know, so I started off as Biology because I was like I want to go to med school and then because my advisor convinced me and then I was like doing biology classes and I like biology, but it's not like a passion and I'm like, but I still need biology aspect and I really like chemistry in high school and I'm like, you know what? Fuck it, let's just do it, let's just do biochemistry. Okay. And oh my god, that was definitely like one of the toughest things I did and I kind of sweep by, but it's something that I would definitely still do again. Um So after coming out of college, I didn't have a job lined up and I was, I don't know, I'm not gonna lie to you, felt pretty defeated after going through all those science classes and I was like, kind of like not knowing what I wanted to do anymore, and I'm like, oh, am I really actually like gonna make like a good like doctor if I still want to do that. And I'm like, you know what? Maybe I just need a break. So I went into insurance, I started working for all state for like a year and a half and I learned a lot. I learned a lot about insurance, but I'm like, I hate this. I hate this a lot because I get yelled at by customers who tell me that like their premiums are too high or they didn't like by whatever like coverage. And or like when they tell me that like, oh, I wanted this and you didn't add it on and now I have an accident. And I'm like, okay. So I was like, I need to get out of here. So I quit that job. And then I found this job as a medical assistant at this reproductive clinic and I've been there ever since. But it's not gonna lie to you starting to get rough because we're understaffed right now. So we're meeting the same volume of patients as we were fully staffed.
So the patients will never stop coming. And but like there's like, we had a lot of people leave her. Like one was going to med school. Another one was like going to Chicago. Another one was starting nursing school. So like, you know, people were continuing on with our lives, but it has made it like really rough these past couple of months just like dealing with everything. So it's like super tiring just being there. And it feels like the company themselves, like don't care even though they're like, we're really great at caring about our patients. I just feel like they don't really care about like the health care workers,
And it's tiring to like have to continuously tell our manager like, hey, we're just feeling really burnt out and we're hoping if you can just like, you know, less than the schedule. And it's just like, well this is where we need to be at. And I'm like, but my sanity though, like
I just don't understand.
But they would honestly not care.
They
just really
would not like, I love everything that we do and like everything that we represent. But I literally hate how they treat us. It's like, what are you gonna do? Like other besides like quit.
So I never, so like I call myself a medical assistant because it's like the easiest way to like represent like what my title is, but technically recalled reproductive health care assistance. So I never got my medical assistant license. So there isn't a lot of places that you can go to without like not having your certificate as a medical assistant. So it makes it a little bit harder to like find another job at a clinic. And I'm like starting to get to the point where like I am like in love with like being in health care and I know that for a fact because I've done it for like a year already. Um and I want to move up like I don't want to stay as a as a medical assistant forever. I wanna be able to like actually like make a whole like health care plan for my patients. So I'm in the right now the boat where I'm trying to figure out whether or not I want to become a doctor or whether I want to become a P. A. And what I'm trying to figure out is whether or not is whether like the reason that I want to become a P. A. Is because I don't have the confidence in myself to become a doctor. So I'm trying to figure that out. And then once I figured that out I'm gonna like go back to school. Like take some more classes that I know I definitely need to take for either ph or met school. Mhm. And then maybe like retake some classes that I didn't do so well. So that's where I'm at right now. I don't know. Like probably like in a year I would like want to like quit and just focus on school. I'll get by on student loans and whatnot.
Yeah so there is so for a P. A. Program it's usually two years while a medical program, it's your four years plus your residency. So it's not very common for you to go into P. A. School and then have to go through a residency. You usually just go straight into practice,
Yeah. And then like I've heard stories of people like becoming a P. A. And then like they listen then after decided to go into med school and I'm like damn you have to have some real balls to want to do
that.
Yeah. And I'm sure like it's not impossible but like you said it's it's so much
I really like yeah I have to like pick one or the other and like right now I'm leaning more towards in that school. The more like I think about it like the more like I want to do it but I like wanted I still need to like talk to some people at our at our university Mexico that we have here before I like make like the final decision because after that I'm not looking back because if I look back, I know that I'm gonna second guess myself and I'm gonna want to stop and like take a break and make sure like I'm like reassessing everything and I just can't, I feel like I'm wasting so much time even though I'm like only 24,
like I hear those words but I don't I don't feel that
You're right,
Why
is life
so?
it's our society works.
Yes, mm I know. Same. Yeah man,
I feel that I am in the same situation.
Thank you. I hope you find something out there that you absolutely love doing. I know that this job market is a bitch right now.
Yeah, you're right loads of time. It's going to be my new mantra.
You're right. Oh yeah, it was really nice meeting you and it was a really great talk.
Yeah. Have a good
night.