No,
hi, how are you
on? Doing? All right, I've been busy today, I've just got done with a quiz for my calculus class. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, I am. I'm I'm a second year at Georgia tech.
Oh yeah, yeah, pretty much
everything except for um
all
my
classes are like
on like a zoom
call. Um
except for my lab, I'm a biochemistry major,
so like so like I have labs
that are in person because I have to go into the lab, but Yeah.
Yeah. I feel that
um my mom back home, I have I have
77
younger siblings at home that that are all taking like online classes Or like
they
go to school two or 3 days out of the week and then like do online the other days. And yeah, it's it's
it's
definitely
been like it's been hard for my parents to like manage all that.
actually, actually um
let's see, my mom's a teacher and my dad works full time, so normally it's like my older sister, like the oldest sister in the house, who like
is like taking care of all of them. But like yeah, like the whole the whole situation
that's been like really, it's been really
difficult to like keep everything under wraps.
Yeah. Yeah, my mom, she she's actually a special like a special needs teacher, that's what she does and um
I think I think she she still goes like into work every day, so like she's like she's like a special needs teacher and she also like subs for other classrooms. Um So I think she still has a job or like, you know, like she's not at
risk of losing her job,
but
uh One thing though, like one of my younger
sisters is actually is like special needs um
and like being online, like doing online classes for her
just like does not work,
you know? So like, like, like a lot of the young, like a lot of Children in school, like all my younger siblings are just like not learning the same as they would be. Yeah.
Like I've already seen like some restaurants
like especially like in the Atlanta area where I'm at like a lot of like like smaller restaurants have closed and like some of like shut down permanently because I just don't get the business.
Yeah. And I don't think, I don't think it's going to end anytime soon.
It's like
I
think
the past
few
days it's been like keep
setting new records for new cases in a day and it's Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Because I've heard of like, uh like having like, lung lung damage after and whatnot and yeah, I actually, I had it, I got like into my household um back
in august, so, and it was definitely worse than the flu, which was unfortunate,
you know?
Yeah, it was it wasn't, it wasn't bad. It didn't nobody had to go to the hospital or anything, but you know, like, it just like put us on lock for like two weeks,
I think. So, like, I, I don't I don't notice anything
afterwards. I know um like one of the symptoms like loss of smell and taste.
Yeah, that kind of, that stayed with me longer than I was sick. Like that stayed with me for like about a month or just like, could not smell, which was strange, but I think like, as of now, everything is normal,
so.
yeah, that was definitely when like when I was sick, that was like definitely a big problem, like my whole head, like it was just hazy and like I would try to like sit down and read but I just could not focus at all. It was really. Yeah.
definitely.
And they like they weren't doing like all the testing that they're doing now in january, so who knows? You know? Mhm.
Yeah, So I don't know, I had I I don't personally, I don't think it's gonna be close to normal until like we have a vaccine out um And who knows when that's going to be at this point?
I've seen that.
because
because like with like with how things have gone in the past six months or whatever, like without a vaccine, I don't think any progress is going to be made unless
just like everybody in the country gets it. Which, you know, is what we're on track for right now. We don't vaccine.
Um It probably will be one of the most rush vaccines, but like, I also think there's like more people working
on this like with like the most resources than any other vaccine that's been worked on. You know,
like
this
is like the highest priority.
So like there's probably there's probably like multiple times more work being put into this then like previous vaccines and like that's why it's coming out faster. So I don't know. I think, I think whatever comes out will most likely like help. Like it won't it won't be negative, it won't be detrimental. Yeah.
With uh
with the way is looking right now, I don't think, I don't think it'll get passed through the Senate.
Um and the sun is still up in the air right now with Georgia having to open right now so
those
won't be
filled until january, so I don't know.
Yeah. Um But to be honest, I don't have the most hope in. Yeah
and both of those Senate seats going blue because I don't know because like um yeah. Mhm. Like republicans still got more of the vote Then the Democratic Senate seats, but they didn't get like over 50%, so that's why they weren't like voted um Mhm.
So it was it was it was it was exciting to see like the whole state turned blue for like electoral votes, but I don't think it will happen with the Senate seats.
I'm not sure.
Well I think, I think at this point, even if both Georgia sees if both Georgia seeds go blue then it will be 50 50 I think, I'm not sure, but
hm That'd be
Yeah, I mean that's how that's how most of most of George's like where I'm from, like like I live on like a like a California, like my my parents, like my family is a republican, I wouldn't say very Republican but they don't vote democratic. I know that. Um So yeah, so like they don't normally like talk to them about like politics like that because we just don't share the same view points but. Right.
Yeah, for sure. I think, I don't know like it seems to me that like democratic people are just like a lot more open minded. I don't want to say like I don't want to I don't want to say like all republicans are closed minded but like mhm. It just feels that especially to the people like before everything donald trump does like you have to be very close minded to believe everything he said. Yeah,
he
lies all the
time.
Yeah. I think
I think a lot of people who support him or they like his like like the big stature he carries like how he acts like a bully I think or he's just like he's like he puts like he puts like a tough front on um you know like doesn't take no for an answer like that type of attitude and which is which is like the attitude of a lot of like I know like I guess down here in the south rednecks, republicans like the same approach like they take so
I think I think that was the approach that was trying to be made bye having a joe biden be like,
you know, the Democratic candidate because honestly like
I feel as if Kamala Harris or Elizabeth warren or Pete buddhist
edge,
like any of those Bernie Sanders when like we're like, like encompass like democratic ideals more so
than joe biden because like he's very moderate, like you
can't really tell like how he's going to
act
once he becomes
the president and but like he had like since he's like an old white
man, he had the, you know, like he had like the personality and like the look to take on trump, which isn't
how it should be. But I feel like in one sense it was like the only option. Like I don't think anybody any other the Democratic candidates would have won against trump, but they probably would have been better candidates in the long run. Yeah,
I think I think he would have stood the best chance because he was also you know, just like an old white guy. Um but the fact that he called himself
a socialist, a Democratic
Socialist, like anybody, anybody who who normally votes republican, they hear that and they're gonna think like he's a communist, so like they have like no they had no possibility of like switching over.
and that was that was that was one thing, like a lot of Republican voters, they hear about like joe biden's tax plan, like average people, like it would affect them, but
like
and like
the overwhelming majority of people do not, so it's like it's not it's not going to affect, you know, like over 90% of people in the country, so, but it's gonna like stimulate the economy by having those, the ultra rich people like, you know, put money back in so
and yeah, I feel like I feel like that's like as of like the current state of like the republican party right now is mhm like passing is like making sure that they stay like that the rich like stay in power and that like especially
especially like when with donald trump in office is
like just like making sure that like rich white people are still in power and like and I feel like a lot of and like I hate to say it like I don't wanna I don't wanna
like make it seem like everybody who voted for donald trump is like racist but you, I don't understand how you could vote for donald trump and look past like all his racism and all his sexism and
all of that and just like brush it off like it's okay.
And like going back to like joe biden like he's
also had his fair share
of like bad rep in the past and like allegations and stuff but and like definitely another candidate would have been better than him but like nobody else nobody else could have like stood a chance which is sad but it's where we are. Yeah.
But um
I don't know I feel I feel like I feel like it's a good thing that he nominated
like Kamala Harris as the VP. I really hope I really hope that he like doesn't do much and lets her
act
more
than
the normal
VP.
Like
I feel like I feel like that would be the best kid because he's not a great speaker
and and he you know has like moderate like very moderate views. So I hope I hope like he him and Kamala like nominate a very very like not very liberal but like a strong cabinet so that Kamala and they can do the work why he is like
you
know just the one who got us here.
Yeah I know I joined a little bit early but It is 27 so that should be good. So yeah. Do you know do you what do you know what now?
No this is my first time.
All right.
No
for sure. All right well mhm.
Nice talking to see it.