Hello.
How are you?
Pretty good, pretty good, yourself?
So are you in college right now?
Awesome, awesome. Is everything um, remote right now
this
and
wrapped
in
important
on
on the floor?
All
Well,
Yeah, because I guess with the labs that would be pretty challenging to do, um remotely I I know um with my 10 year old daughter, um, they're doing well. You probably have heard how it works, but she's doing at least in the Northeast are doing hybrid uh programs where it's like two days in class, three days on zoom. Um so you know, it's an interesting dynamic. Um One thing my partner and I have found is uh it's one thing if a teacher tells your kid what to do, but they do not want to listen to their parents when it comes to learning. You know, like it's one thing if you got a different adult telling them, but it's so it's it's it's a challenge for sure,
adapted.
Uh huh. The moon landing
try to wear.
I
don't know.
Come
close
to
Uh yeah I can't imagine multiplying it by seven. you know and and I'm kind of lucky that I like I work full time so a lot of it falls on my partner's shoulders but she has to contend with the e learning demands as well as a toddler that's running around in the background constantly. So Yeah but
I'm gonna I do
matches
Holmes.
I'm taking
Yeah, I I it's it's a whole unique thing for everyone. Um One thing I've heard is I was just talking to my buddy the other day and his wife is uh teaching assistant for kids with disabilities. And because right now her job is sort of I guess she's not really doing anything right now because um you know, all the kids are at home, I guess if they're going to if the state decides to do another whole year of remote they're going to lay her off. Um So it's really unfortunate, but I wonder um how this is gonna affect the teacher workforce?
Is she in the same boat or is are perfected?
No,
that's
that's good. House
one.
huh.
Thank
you. No.
Yeah. And you wonder if yeah, I mean some percentage of kids are going to fall behind. I mean even if you're you're a typical it's like this dynamic doesn't work for everyone. I mean because it's definitely a different style learning and then like I was saying earlier in the conversation, some people don't respond or take their parents as seriously as they would a teacher. So it's it's it's really tricky. Um Yeah, I, I don't know for my job, I'm fortunate to have a two essential jobs. Um I can do my 9-5 mostly from home. Um And when I'm not, I I do a little bit of traveling, but um see I'm actually from new york, so it's a little interesting here. There's a lot of travel restrictions, so I can really only go as far as, let's see, pennsylvania Connecticut and New Jersey, if I, I can't go anywhere else. But it's uh, my job usually entails more traveling, so it's kind of like, we've had to adjust because we're so, you know, there's like, the laws are changing every day, you know, the band list is expanding every day, so it's like everyone trying to adjust to that. Um And I uh I actually heard a stat today, I don't know if I believe it, but I heard that they're projecting Uh 40% of restaurants are going to close because of this, because of this pandemic. There is a moment.
Thank
Right. Yeah, yeah, I mean I I've seen some, like my partner noticed earlier um she saw that one restaurants had closed until further notice, so yeah, I think some restaurants, maybe they're not ready to fully, maybe they're not ready to say we're permanently closed, but they're playing it by ear and if this goes on much longer, you know, they're probably going to have to
I yeah, it's it's only ramping up. It really is, yeah,
it's
but
even
though I'm
an idealist
hurry.
Um
Yeah, and you know, I hear some people try to downplay it like, oh, it's not as deadly as we thought, it's it's still much more deadly than the flu. And uh and there's some and I've heard a lot about residual effects with this thing, wow, you
know that that's what's really scary, it's like okay fine, I'll probably survive everyone, you know, most people that I know are probably going to survive if they get it. But what's your life gonna look like a year from now to, I mean no one knows No one knows how serious it is fully.
Did not
So
so that's interesting. I'm glad you're I'm glad you're okay. Everyone in your family is okay.
Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine. So do you feel 100% recovered
and
I was gonna ask about that.
That's good, that's
good. Yeah, I I've heard about the loss of smell thing lingering for a little bit. I've also heard of people um having sort of foggy thinking for for like a couple months after.
Yeah. Yeah that was there was something wrong and you know that wasn't your. Yeah. That's crazy. That's that's uh in the thing that some people don't realize is you know some percentage of people that even get the regular flu deal with stuff like that it's much less common but that that can happen with the regular flu. You know so it's uh you take something more aggressive like this and you know it's all bets are off who knows how it's going to affect you but so I haven't personally had it. Um There's a chance I could have had it for at one point because I had some headaches and and uh the difficulty breathing for a little bit for a couple of days. So who knows it could have been a light case but I never was diagnosed. But I will say my immediate family in like january before, it was supposedly in the U. S. My whole family back home. You know they you know they live couple of minutes away from me. Um They were all laid out for like a week and a half with just the worst symptoms they've ever had. Um And actually my mom almost had to go to the hospital. So they're wondering if they had because there were some reports that said maybe it was in the U. S. Before before what we thought it was here when
we thought it was.
Right. Right. Um Yeah it's uh it's definitely one of the more uh rare exciting things. Not in a good way but that will happen in our lives but
I I don't know whether I by the fact that this new Pfizer vaccine is 90% effective. That's what I hear reported. But
yeah, I mean, I hope it is. That would be curved crazy.
But
No.
Right now do you feel any apprehension about the idea that this is probably one of the most rushed vaccines we've had in a long time?
Money.
that's true.
That's
true.
What?
Yeah. I I have some reassurance by the fact that apparently we've made vaccines for other corona viruses. So it's not like it's totally from scratch. Like we're not working off of nothing. So the fact that we've done something at least somewhat similar makes me feel like, okay, well those vaccines were safe. This one probably will be. So yeah. I'm uh I'm also wondering about if we're ever going to see another stimulus check. Yeah.
What,
now?
Yeah. Yeah. That's right.
That
that
that's right. A lot hinges on your state right now.
Mhm.
Oh.
Yeah. Yeah. That's yeah, it's uh it's been a while since uh since we had a majority senate. That was a democrat, right? I mean it wasn't it since uh was it since Obama's first term? I don't know. I think it's been.
Yeah, I think I think that was the last time, like the first half of Obama's first term, so.
Yeah. And then they say Kamala Harris would be the tiebreaker. So yeah, if they both went blue, um then then yes, it would be The Senate would be 5050 and then any time there was a draw, the vice, it goes to the vice president. So it would be like having a majority
from mali. Yeah I agree. I I really do. Um I don't know, I've growing up I was really the only democrat in my family just oh yeah, it's always been that way. Um And living in rural, I mean I say I live in new york, but you know, I live in Western new york, it's very it's very rural here. I mean it's you know you got a lot of um um hunters, you know just your typical stereotypical republicans that live here, so.
It's uh yeah it's hard. I mean you're not people don't change their their opinions and it seems like it seems to me like you can tell someone's political ideology just by talking to them. Like you can tell you can tell it like through their disposition, their personality. Like it's just like it seems like the way someone thinks about politics is like deep rooted into them. I mean that's why I don't know, that's what I seem to get.
Um Yeah I found that whole thing interesting that people would say they like trump because he tells it like it is but but he lies but
everything
he
says is a lie. So I think what people liked about him, I think what they meant, I don't know what was going on in their heads when they said that. But the only thing I can say that they must have liked about trump is that what he talks and enthusiastically like he talks with authority. That's what they like about them. They don't like the fact that it's not that he tells it, like it is because that's just he does the opposite of that he flips the reality on its head, you know? And then and then uh and then it's like and and it's his formula of how he talks is so predictable because like if you accuse if he's ever accused of something he'll say, not only is that not true, but the opposite is true, Like, you know, not only did, like you'll say, okay, trump you lost the election, are you going to concede? I'll say, oh no, not only did I not lose, we won by the biggest margins. I mean, it's
it's it's ridiculous.
Yeah. They perceive that as the ultimate masculinity, you know? It's a it's it's really uh ridiculous. And I don't know, it's like so it's like I feel like democrats, they have a lot of winning policies. I mean they really do, they have policies that appeal to the average worker. Yeah, but maybe you just need someone with trump's personality to just say those things and then maybe then it'll finally click like, okay, all these world people these because a lot of republicans, they are hard workers, you know, they are, you know, they they have, you know, I may not agree with them, but they have value, they're they're good in other ways. But if if they would just see that democrats have a lot to offer, they just need the right personality to appeal to them. And then I don't know, then maybe we have see some more states flip flip blue.
What?
whatever.
the
coffee.
It's probably just my embrace.
Beauty.
I'm
not
no.
mama.
Look.
in the long run. Yeah, they had better ideas but maybe not the mass appeal that biden has. Right. Um however, I do think Bernie Sanders would have stood a chance against trump.
What happened?
I need.
Right. Yeah, it's uh yeah, people are are scared of that word. Um I don't know. It's to me, I the policies that I really care the most about that joe biden could potentially get done is I want to see a public option. Health care. You know, it's the health care costs are crazy and so many people don't even have health care. So I would love to see a public option. I hope he does that. I hope he um does uh something with our progressive tax system. I mean right now obviously the rich just don't pay the same rate as the average worker and
it won't,
you gotta make over 400,000 before
it affect.
Yeah. Uh Yeah and part of the problem is is a lot of republicans don't even seem to understand what a progressive tax system is. They, here they hear the top rate being, you know like AOC proposed that the top marginal tax rate is 70% they're like oh my god you want to take 70% of my income, but you know the way it works, everyone's 1st 20,000 is taxed the same way everyone's 1st 40 is taxed the same way, you know what I mean? It's only over a certain percentage over a certain number that you start paying a certain percentage. Um So that's the other thing and I feel like a lot of republican politicians intentionally muddy the waters with that, you know they don't want you to understand that taxes aren't, they're not like off on your whole income. Yeah.
now.
What?
like
Why?
there are. Right. Yeah. It's um people the problem is some some like it and some don't wanna some just like his personality so much that they don't even want to hear that you know like they don't even want to acknowledge it and they just want to assume that it's just some baseless attack. Some people seem to think that you can't possibly have a criticism of trump unless you have trump derangement syndrome. I mean whatever that is, they love that term like like there's no way you could have a criticism of him that's based on real news, like it's always got to be something fake. It always has to be something that's uh you know, pardon my pun, but trumped up like no, there are real criticisms of him and uh yeah, I don't get it either. I I there's no way I could have voted for him, the boyfriend. So
what
car?
it's very true. And uh I mean at least biden has evolved a bit. He's shown some some growth, you know, in some ways, so like something, you know?
well
what
the right side
welcome
what?
He
probably
will. I
could see that.
No.
I
don't know why.
Right. And I I wouldn't be surprised if that's the way the dynamic plays out. I mean, she has a lot more energy in her for sure and a lot more passion. So I could see that playing out that way for sure. Um Yeah man I think we're already at our uh 25
oh you've never done one of these before,
Okay. Um So all you have to do is um x off this screen here and then go back to your other screen, go back to your first screen that got you to this link and you'll have a series of questions Um to fill out it takes like about it takes about 20 minutes um 20 minute recap. Yeah.
this is my 5th fifth time doing this. You can keep doing this. Yeah
so I it's a good way to make, yeah I would keep doing it
it's nice talking, man.