Hi.
Yeah. Good. How about you?
My name is Debbie.
I am um currently living in pennsylvania Allentown, but I'm from Wyoming originally. How about you?
Yes. I used to live in Texas, believe it or not. Um, maybe about 15 years ago. I was in Dallas for five years
and not so much.
I'm not a big city person coming from Wyoming. So it was, it was a bit too big of a city for me. But yeah, I liked it. I mean the weather was beautiful this time of year,
miserable during the summer. Yeah. Where in texas?
Oh yeah, and more humid. Uh huh.
You know, not so much the countryside just, I don't like the, I don't know, I don't like feeling like you're packed together.
Dallas wasn't that way at all right. Dallas had nice spaced out houses actually.
Oh yeah, there's a lot of space in texas. Where did you, where did you move from?
Oh wow. You've been all over.
Yeah. I love to travel. I used to love to travel.
kind of changed since then, but yeah. Yeah, definitely. I mean I haven't been a liver just to europe mostly. Canada europe Mexico that's probably
it.
Um we went to the, you can yucatan peninsula which is you know where they have some of the mayan ruins and um
beautiful beaches and yeah, so it was really beautiful.
You know my family's british so I love England of course. Um But my favorite place was when I went to Milan and saw
the beautiful painting, not so much the shopping but the beautiful paintings on the churches and just the, I don't know the old feel of the cobblestone streets and yeah, just kind of quaint.
boston.
Maybe
Some of the original colonies have a few but yeah, not the same really is it?
No, I've never been to any of those countries.
Are they?
Oh nice. Yeah. I would love to I would love to do a lot more traveling. I ended up having a daughter and I haven't done as much traveling since I've been taking care of her. Um But before that when I'm back in the days when it was just me or me and my husband, it was you know it was easy to move around.
She is now 11 almost 12. She's turns 12 in a month.
she I mean she did last semester she's actually in five days a week here. She's in a small private school where they have enough space to be able to socially distance pretty well. So so far so good. We'll see how long it lasts. I'm not sure that will be there all semester.
Yeah. I think there's a lot of that around here right? The split decision in the end I decided to send because I think the pure interaction is also kind of critical. So
yeah so I felt like she needed that and you know we're both fairly low risk so and we don't have right now. Her grandparents are out west right? So she doesn't have a lot of contact with her grandparents. I think if we had family local that would be higher risk. We probably might have changed our minds and kept her at home. Okay.
Yeah. She used
to
wear my mask all day which I don't think
she's
that excited about but none of us are.
they take it off right now. They're trying to have lunch outside which I think helps you know except from the weather is not so good. So they have lunch outside and yeah and then they took off their masks anytime they're outside they can take off their masks for a little bit because yeah,
well I hadn't thought about that, I used to get migraines. I don't have problems so much anymore.
It's interesting. I wonder why too much heat.
that's not good. Yeah,
I'm a professor.
Wait what do you what grade do you teach?
Um so I teach I'm a psychology professor, so I teach courses on research methods and data analysis and I teach courses on um Children's emotional development and child development classes along those lines.
Well I'm gonna go on what I'm researching probably. Uh
so my my program of research um gotten really interested in trying to understand how white european american parents teach racial attitudes to kids, right? So how they foster, you know, either positivity or negativity towards uh individuals who are different in terms of race, ethnicity, religion, religion, things like that. So yes, that's what I'm passionate about right now.
we were studying it before of the recent, you know, Black Lives Matter Movement. Um, but yeah, so it's an interesting question. There's not surprisingly, there's been a lot of work on how ethnic minority kids protect themselves against racism and discrimination,
um and how parents socialized protective mechanisms, but there's very little work looking at how white european american kids learn their bad attitudes that lead to discrimination and prejudice. Right?
So that's sort of where we're heading in our research.
Well, we think it's mostly nonverbal because the little work that has been done has suggested that most white european american parents are just ignoring the issue of race, right? They have these sort of color blind a project where they believe their kids don't see color, they don't notice color. They don't have negative attitudes about racial out groups, right? Of course they're wrong. But you know, all the research suggests that in fact all that, you know, all those things are true. Um, so we think it's probably a lot of nonverbal cues that are going on right, that are teaching kids not to trust racial out groups. So when they see their parents interact with someone who's a different race and the parent is putting more distance and looking more tense and more uncomfortable or, you know, if they're walking down the street and uh, they passed a black man and they walk to the other, you know, the parent stretches under the other side of the street or something like that. So we think a lot of it is sort of this non verbal cues that parents are sending. So we were going to be bringing parents and kids into the lab to try to test some of these issues. But unfortunately my, my lab based research program just got shut down with Covid. So for now we're not bringing any kids and parents into the lab. We're just surveying, which is less interesting to me. But
I don't think we'll be back in the lab for another. I don't know, maybe you're Yeah.
Yeah, I would think so. Right, because typically there are improving attitudes across generations. Right? So yeah, I think that's definitely true. All those, there still seems to be a lot of racism in this country. So, um, you know, I think there's still enough variation out there in terms of parents. I don't even think that age is the strongest predictor.
You
know, I started out wanting to be a lawyer. So I started out in college majoring in psychology only thinking that I would um you know learn a lot about how to work with people and witnesses and things like that, but then I found myself getting really interested in psychology and and then part of it was just lock, I am, I wanted to get some research experience thinking I was going to go to graduate school, so I approached the developmental psychology professor at my college and said, hey I want to join your lab. And he was um he was like my lab is so full, everybody wants to work, everybody wants to work with kids, right? Because
he was the one professor that worked with kids and he and he said where are you from? And I said I'm from Wyoming and he was like oh my god I'm from Utah right next door to you, I've, I've never met someone you know, in this university from Wyoming. And so he let me in his lab and I got
sort of hooked on the research. So I loved that part of it and I always loved going to school, so I figured, hey, I'll just stay in school. So Yeah,
Yeah,
definitely. So it was a, yeah, it's part luck. I think if he wouldn't have let me in his lab, maybe I would have been a lawyer. I don't, I don't know.
Yeah, you really have to get an advanced degree to be able to use psych, Right, So a lot of undergraduates who major in it, don't know what they're gonna do with it. Yeah,
I think that
stuff,
although I think the skills transfer to most, you know, occupations like human resources or you
know, there are a lot marketing. Exactly. There are a lot of business related jobs I think you could do with a psych major.
Oh yeah, definitely. A lot of our students get double degrees, right? Yeah, so
so
you know, I'm not cutthroat enough, I think I decided that I, you know, I'm more interested in kindness, compassion, caring, that kind of stuff. I mean that was what my, some of my original research was on. So I guess I just decided it wasn't my forte. I mean I think I can hold my own, you know debating people or you know giving lectures or I probably would have been pretty good in front of the courtroom, but it's not my cup of tea, it's just at the end I decided it didn't fit my personality. Well, how about you? Did you always want
to be
How'd
you
end
up, how'd you end up out there?
And you
taught english,
wow, that must have been an interesting thing to do, casa stan is cold, huh.
my God, I would hate that.
didn't know that, that would be an interesting place to be, I'm sure
I
don't of different cultural groups,
but
you came back but you came back here in the end?
Oh, I bet. Mhm.
Yeah, I can imagine the politics would be hard to deal with,
wow. Well especially right now, yeah,
it was this was this recently, were in Washington? How long ago were in Washington?
Okay, so under the current administration? Okay,
now I understand why it was particularly miserable.
Well that explains why nothing gets done,
interesting, surprising.
Yeah, we were supposed to go out to colorado to see my family
and we were going to potentially do like a Yellowstone kind of trip um with my daughter who hasn't been there yet. But my, my family from England was supposed to be coming over so I don't know. Yeah, hopefully that'll get rescheduled, right. It will get some of my family to come to Colorado to and we'll do a trip. If not, I want to take my daughter to England right. She's finally, I think the right age to start doing some traveling with her. So we were going to potentially do a summer trip to England. One
of these
summers
were supposed to maybe this year, but I'm not sure. We'll see, see how quickly things get back to normal.
That's a really good question. I think most people probably know quite a bit. I mean I like the cops walls. I thought that you know, that was a very pretty little quaint villages with the thatched roofs and cute tea houses and things like that. That to me is quintessentially England, but you know my daughter probably want to do that some of the touristy things like the castles and the Stonehenge and you know some of the things that are the big attractions in England, so but more than
anything, sorry,
I
say more than anything, I just wanted to meet my family, she has not had a chance to really meet much of my british family.
Yeah, my mom's british, so she's actually never got her citizenship and certainly won't be motivated to now. Um So yeah, her whole side of the family is on is in England, right? So all our cousins and aunts and uncles and stuff like that, so yeah, she's and it's yeah it's quite an extended family on the other side.
I mean there are
definitely
different accents but I don't know that I'm that good anymore about picking them up. Um You know, I was when I was a kid, we went there a lot more frequently than I've been in the last, you know, 15 years again since having my daughter, you know, we didn't do a lot of traveling because it's just too expensive for,
you know, having to bring all of us. Um But yeah, I think you can definitely tell different accents. You can also sort of discriminate, you know, classes I think because you know, an upper class english accent is quite different from us. A street person, right? A street worker. Um But not that dissimilar from here, right? If you go into boston and new york, you can hear a street street accent versus you know, newscasters and other folks that seem to have a more refine accident. Right? So
the
southern
But I know people from the south that don't have a southern drawl, so it's interesting one of them,
south Carolina believes or not one of the professors in our department, her father was a professor at furman University and uh, so she grew up in the south and has no southern accent at all.
I don't think so. I don't think they're from the capital at all. But yeah, I think it's just her parents didn't have an accent, right? And I think that's who you copy.
I bet. Yeah. It's funny when I was growing up, I could slip into the english accent pretty easy. Um,
when, when we used to go back and forth to England, right, I come back with an accent and then I'd lose it again. Although you can still hear at once in a while when I'm, when I get nervous and I'm giving a talk every once in a while, like I get a bit of a british twang as well. It's kind of funny.
I think so,
Yeah,
I don't,
yeah, I don't know if there's research on that topic or not.
Yeah, it's interesting. I can't even hear my mom's accent anymore, but my friends who meet her when they hear her when they hear her talk and tell she's british and I'm like, it sounds completely american to me,
I can't even hear the accent anymore. It's kind of strange.
Um No, I think it's just, you know, she's lived in the United States now for 40 years almost so um yeah, I think it's just over time she's lost it. I mean we did travel but mostly back and forth to europe right? To see family are within the United States, we traveled because you know, both my parents were working and we didn't have a ton of money, they're sort of middle class, so we didn't do it. You know, we didn't do a ton of traveling beyond, you know, home to europe to see family.
Yeah, the franklin doesn't work anymore
because
of
the Brexit.
So so what's it like teaching little kids online?
Yeah. It was very challenging for my daughter when they switched online in the in the middle of the spring for her. I think it was it was particularly hard because she didn't feel challenged, right.
Her school I think spent a lot of times sort of community building,
which was good because they needed the community building. But then the academics, they kind of threw out the window those,
I'm
online, I'm online, right, It was just, um, yeah. You know, for the most part, they didn't, they had two hours of school a day. It was just not enough.
So
I'm sure there are a lot of people that are home schooling now. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm glad I didn't do that. Yeah. But fortunately her school's back in session five days right now. So although kids have the option of being online
in
her class. Yes, I think there's only one student that didn't go back who's on zoom and the other and the other class that was more mixed. I want to say there were three or four kids Out of the 12 that didn't come back. So
yeah, I mean,
I think her school is a private school and they have a lot of resources to be able to, I think, you know, they moved classrooms around, They created a lot more space. Like my daughter is now in the big common room where they used to show, You know, like plays and head of assemblies and stuff like that. Uh really spread out. So I think, you know, with only 12 kids per class, which is basically what they have in those 12-14 kids per class, it's pretty easy to make distance between students. So I think so far we've been covid clear, but we'll see how long that lasts. And
yeah, because I know a lot of the local schools that are doing this sort of hybrid approach in for two days and out for two days have already had some cases of covid creep into the schools. So
Are we,
are
we at
the
25 minutes?
Good.
I think what?
gosh,
I don't either. But I think, yeah, I think we just close the window, but I am not sure you're right. I don't see a way to get out of the video.
Perth
yeah. I think you probably just going to close the X on the tab and and the survey will stay I think from what I remember.
it was very nice to meet you as well. I enjoyed talking to you.
Yeah that's it. Back to you in texas.
Have fun tweeting
Bye!