That's
hi, how are you?
I'm good. My name is Megan. What is your name?
Debbie, nice to meet you. Debbie, where are you from?
I'm in texas right now, so we're very different on the other side.
Oh yeah. How did you like it?
Oh really? I'm surprised.
Yeah. Yeah. But it gets so hot.
You're a big Houston. So we're even a bigger city than Dallas actually.
Yeah. But you like to live in the country, countryside?
Me too. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah. There's so much space in texas. It's um, it's kind of scary. I, I kind of, I just moved here so I'm not used to so much space.
Um from Atlanta and Washington D. C.
Yeah. Yeah. I, and I used to travel outside of the US to do you like to travel
life kind of gets in the way?
I
actually want to go to Mexico. How was it?
cool.
wow. Um so what was your favorite kind of your favorite country in europe? I know, it's a hard question, but.
shopping?
Yeah, it's um it's like a different, it's really a different feeling than from America. Yeah. Um you know, a lot of people that come to America and they're just like, where is your old buildings? And we don't have any,
I
think. Yeah, maybe a few.
Yeah. Did you ever go to a Czech Republic or Hungary?
Oh, they're fantastic. They're really
like the people are so friendly.
Oh yeah, definitely, definitely. So how old is your daughter, if I may ask?
Oh my goodness. So how is she, does she miss school a lot because of Covid?
Yeah. Yeah, it seems parents are kind of split, They either want um they really want their kids to go back to school I think because they're so busy and then other other parents are really worried about Covid.
absolutely agree.
Yeah, I think that was a wise decision. So um does she have to wear masks to school
and
everything?
my
gosh.
Yeah, that's true. Um What about when they eat, can they take it obviously they can take it off when they eat?
Yeah. I keep waiting to hear some news about what it does to for migraines, like I think I've heard people with migraines, the masks are just making it worse and worse and worse. So I'm curious as to what the health risks were will be in the next couple of years maybe.
Oh, lucky you. My husband has them and he's just, it kills him to wear the mask.
heats Yeah, It's like you're circulating the same air over and over. Yeah.
what do you do by the way, Debbie?
Oh, I'm a teacher, we have a lot in common.
Uh I'm actually an english teacher, so I usually teach english in uh english math and science for the little kids online. Yeah, it's fun. How about you?
Oh, that's really interesting. Okay, so what do you think? Like what's and what's a really interesting topic for child's development that you you find yourself reading more and more about or passionate about?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's very relevant for right now, definitely. Yeah.
Ha ha.
All
So, what kind of examples are you looking for?
Yeah, it's harder to get like the real the real interesting information. Right. Yeah.
I wonder if the age um like the age of the parent also influences the like this severe nous of uh those social cues you were talking about. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. So um so how did you did you always know you wanted to be a professor or did you sort of slowly get your Master's degree and then move into your PhD, how did you know
think?
Ranking.
The
that was great luck that you could make that kind of connection that you know, he like it's really hard to get professors to kind of as you know probably to like they have so many students, it's hard to kind of get them really passionate in somebody they've never met. Right?
Yeah.
Okay. It's interesting like psychology, I feel like psychology is always the the degree that most people are interested in but like just naturally but then they think that they are maybe they're scared to go into psychology because they don't know how to use it in the real world or in a job.
Yeah.
my
brother in law got a bachelor's degree in psychology and I said okay now what are you going to do? And he says I don't know.
Marketing.
Yeah it's a good dual um if you don't want to be a psychiatrist or psychologist or whatever, it's a good duel degree I think.
Um So
was there a certain point where you said okay gosh I do not want to do law anymore, like did something scare you a little bit from law?
Good
point. Um So funny story, I was a teacher right out of my bachelor's degree, I went and taught in U. A. E. Kazakhstan and uh Azerbaijan. Um
I did
that
for
so I wanted to teach outside of the U. S. To get like some real culture. Um And those were the places that really needed teachers. So I uh and they paid pretty good too so um that's where I went. Yeah
Kazakhstan
is very cold. Yeah I had actually like a real school, you know my own 30 something kids each year.
Oh it's so cold most of the time they have ice. That's this high, I mean it's freezing.
Yeah I mean it's um their cities pro uh they're Astana City is only 12 years 13 years old. It's the capital. So it's a very new city. There's no there's very few buildings there's very few um architecture anything like that. So it's very new. Yeah.
Yeah it's a very interesting place they speak um So they speak Russian. Um They are an Islamic country and um most of their ethnicity comes from the Asia side so it's a really cool interesting mix all together
in,
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yeah I said okay I'm gonna get my um my master's degree in international relations and I tried working in Washington D. C. The politics and I hated it so much I had to leave.
So uh it was just not for me like law wasn't for you. Yeah.
it is yeah it's um it's just nasty. People are just nasty to each other and it's a very negative city. You know people are always negative about what could happen in the future. There's no positivity so I would not recommend Washington D. C. For for a tourist trip or anything.
Yeah.
About a year and a half ago.
Right.
Well everybody is you know everybody is angry at trump and everyone is you know um very like they just had a doom state um kind of mentality instead of okay this is what we have what can we do with it? What let's keep going let's do something instead of just complain, complain complain. I didn't think that that was very useful.
Exactly that's what that city is really. Yeah.
Yeah. Um So yeah so our after Covid is finished. Do you have any plans? Do you are is your family planning like or dreaming I guess of a nice vacation.
That means.
Well
that's
very exciting.
So what's like the, I know a lot of people go to big bin and the obvious uh like tourist attractions but what's a tourist attraction that most people don't know about in the area?
It's
go ahead. Go ahead
Debbie.
Oh wow. So is it like a like a lot of extended family?
Yeah. Um Well is uh so it's it's kind of, are there different accents? Can you like when you hear when you hear people from the area, can you tell where they're from
in
England?
Didn't you?
Yeah. Yeah. Or like um new Orleans Louisiana has that strong Cajun accent as well, so it's all over
in
the different Yeah definitely.
Were they by chance from Atlanta maybe? Yeah
Ah I wonder if she's from the capital, I feel like if you're more from the capital you have less of a southern drawl.
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah I have a friend, her mother is from Ireland and her father is from new york, so it's really interesting to the daughter, it's really interesting to see how her accent can switch from a little irish too. Little new york.
cool.
Yeah there's something about it that I'd love to see the research about that but there is something about when people get nervous they switched back into maybe like their childhood um accent maybe
for comfort. Yeah.
Yeah
that would be interesting to find out more.
Yeah or or I guess when you get nervous or um obviously when like you said when you're around your family, you kind of pick up on the things again,
What
does she um does she travel a lot? Is that why her accent has kind of become less british?
Yeah. Yeah. That eu passport is priceless. Really?
Oh, that's true because
of
Brexit
I I keep forgetting, I don't know why I keep forgetting, I read the news all the time. Yeah.
Um it's great most of the time, but you know like uh sometimes their attention is just everywhere else.
Good.
It
on on the online or at
school?
No.
Yeah, that's why I've heard a lot of people are home schooling their kids now and they might not even after covid they might not even switch them back. Uh
but that's a lot of work.
Yeah. So in her class, did most people decide to go back to school
or?
Yeah. So it seems like everyone feels, seems to feel comfortable around going about going back to school
Jenner.
That's pretty impressive.
Yeah. Well, Debbie, I think where our time
is
almost
up.
We
I did a timer. It says
26, maybe we should stick around still 25 just to be careful.
But do you know if we're supposed to close the window or I
don't see an exit button?
I was looking
at the instructions but it doesn't say
okay. Perfect. Well, it was very nice to meet you Debbie.
Yeah, me too. And best of luck in pennsylvania.
All
Huh. Thank you. You too.