Whoa.
I'm a bit fatigued, but I decided to show up.
How you doing?
Oh my
my name is chris yours.
Very nice meeting you.
I'm in Minnesota. Yeah,
you
he told
me,
Are you from there originally?
well, we decided to, you know, go to college, do it out of state? Mhm,
Mhm.
You can have
mm. Uh
And you
don't
need
to
Uh no, I moved here in March, uh had a car
accident and
um yeah, so I'm kind of here kind of trying to recover from the pro accident family is here to help me, you know, do things, so while I recovered uh
and it's
a hard, but his life, so what is that behind you, Is that?
Yeah.
my gosh.
uh what the plans do you get into? Do you merge that into, like going into astrology or, or you don't believe in that because you're more of a science? Uh Okay.
not really, but I was curious, you know, because you're into kind of like the astrophysics were into space. You have, you have a more keen idea of what's going on than, you know, little to study astrology uh Sweltering if you have that, Maybe
maybe there's something there, you know? Uh huh,
Best strength. Yeah. So how long have you been in massachusetts? Like how long do you have to go?
mm,
Are you going back to colorado? Are you going to get an apartment there?
Well,
you can forget
it, yeah.
mm,
hmm.
Girl,
well, my family in florida, they celebrate thanksgiving, but my family here in Minnesota, don't, so I don't celebrating it this year because there's no one to celebrate it with. Yeah, I'm used to having my sisters go down to florida and cook. And my father would come down and well at that time, sometimes we kind of exchange gifts during its between
between thanksgiving and christmas, we'll exchange gifts because we're all over the state. But this time I won't be able to travel. And my dad, he got Covid, so he's not traveling.
Yeah.
Yeah. He just got a diagnosis like 8, 9 days ago maybe. And apparently audit that they do is just uh the health department services will give you a call, give you a rundown of what you need to do. You quarantine for a certain amount of time, and then if you don't have any more symptoms and you're fine, you don't get retested or anything. It's really strange.
Did
you?
Um he has been like, uh itchy throat, uh dizzy like headed, blurry vision loss is male, uh Distorted taste. Just a lot of different one symptoms that he had. He is slowly going away. It's not that severe as like, you need to be hospitalized.
He's
going back to work this week. So, but he's not so it's kind of weird that I don't know. It's like, yeah,
I hate
to because he's like, oh, there's no way I'm going to stay in his house. I said that you just played me going out about the covid. I'm gonna one night wait time and go out and I just can't, I can't be stupid up in here. I'm like, I'm going to call the police on you and say the truth roaming around with Kobe. Yeah.
no.
I don't believe so. I don't believe so. I'm feeling sick. I hope I don't have Covid, so I'm kind of fatigued and I'm just like a lot of stuff going on and I was sleeping and I was like, I'm not gonna do this better help, but I feel guilty not showing up because like, I got stood up three times on video
chat and I'm just like, uh let me just show up. If I get really tired, I'll let you know. I'm thinking I'm doing okay enough to get through the 25 minutes, you know?
it's okay. Yeah, I have a lot more to talk about, but it's just yeah, this blah blah.
So probably times have you done this?
Yeah. Yeah. My school. My 5th time.
The first two times I just stood up. No one showed up. Like the third time the lady just looked at me and then walked away from the screen and her kids were just screaming and screaming and I was like, hello, hello? And she's just like not not there. I'm like, oh my God.
Yeah. Strange. I'm like, yeah, we could, we could just have a conversation and you know, let's just see how it goes. But no, I think, I don't know if she was busy because she just had like maybe like at least four kids in there. Right? We have the daycare or something, they already running around. Mm.
Mm.
Uh I've been, I've been a very simple but I I was getting like a lot of surveys, a lot of interesting surveys and that's why I like prolific because they give you surveys they're interesting. And if you think, but for the last week or two I haven't been doing any, sir. I've been seeing them but I haven't been doing any of the surveys because they've just been like, I'm not in the right mind to actually focus on a survey and wouldn't be rightful. But I have done swag bucks which is uh you swag bucks to or
And
we're
going to tell
you something The survey suck. Okay. There's only there's like they always disqualify, you may
be like 30 minutes into a survey and you're still on the uh you're still in the preliminary questions and you haven't even got actual survey. The survey suck. But there is this uh there's this way of they have something called a daily Goal. So if you meet your daily goal, you get a certain amount of um swat books. And once, well that book is one cent. So um right now I found a way to circulate the same swabbed books over and over and over again. Uh I'm trying to build up, but right now I'm making like a dollar and 35 cents a day. Um Recirculating name sweat books. But I've known people that don't make like 10 or 20 To $30 a day, recirculating the same square our books over and over. And then at the end of the month they'll give you a check or it's not a check, but it's kind of like sweat book but it's really a check and you just get that and you can cash out. So I'm like that's to me that's simple to do. I just wake up in the morning, I can't really go into, I can't go into how you do it. But if you are interested, you can um, this research, read it. Um sweat books and gambit G. A. M. B. I. T. And there's a way to make
money without having to do much. Plus you can play games if you have time, if you're in school, I know you don't have any time. But
Yeah. I did 12 books when I was in college. I just graduated, I had graduated in 2018 and more. I was doing sweat books and it helped me pay for my books, my student books and I was like, yeah,
Mhm,
Thank
you.
Right. So are you like eventually going to be using prolific yourself to get people to take surveys for you? Is that uh
Mhm.
All
Did
you like group activities and this is different than what do you do you like working in groups?
Yeah, I remember writing this like in my journal when I was in school, just about like this group that I had this very frustrating group. two people was working me and this other girl and then 12 hours before the presentation, everybody else start putting in their own me and this other girl, We already have everything set up. I was just like, this is so frustrated. I'm like I'm doing work. And the thing is, I don't know if your class does this, but at the end of a group project at U. W. M. We have to kind of rate our group members uh some sort of feedback and I hate giving negative feedback. I hate it so much. It's like I always have to think positive about everybody, I don't want to complain. And the group was so bad that I had to complain about people. That's how bad it was. Like I can't lie and I was frustrated and I have to say it's like we didn't have a good presentation, it was very floppy, we didn't practice and me and this other girl was just very frustrating cause like we put in all this work and it's not like we understand other obligations outside of school. Like I know you got word family, other things and stuff like that, but it's not hard to answer a text or email saying, hey, I'm working on it. Unfortunately I can't meet up with you at the library because A B and C. So I hate grew right when people work together and you can get, um, they integrate and you get a certain ideals that you would never have thought of on your own. And I like that. But I rarely got groups like that because I was older adults going back to school. Um, and there was these kids, I mean I call them kids, I know they're not kids are grown, but I felt like I was their parents, I was like, look, uh, you guys got to get it together. Uh, I'm not hearing around, you know, I'm not here to party. You got to get my degree. I got to move on to this and they're like, oh no, we're gonna be there just like they never saw. Yeah.
that works in like Generation X companies to like um uh well the company was that Harley Davidson, I worked for harvey basic interview Burton and they worked route all the time. Yeah,
that's what
You have
Children?
Yeah. But yeah, it's the same thing like with that company is just like everybody has to
work together
and there's always a few bad apples in the bunch and the companies and so I'm like I wouldn't work for a company like that, like where there is not a hierarchy and everybody went together, but there's problems in each type of formats and type of companies that you work for. So, yep,
communication. So yeah, so I worked in the communication apartment as an intern, a paid intern and we were going to offer me a job but then I have decided to move to Arizona
to work, lose weight and get away from the winter and then I got sick and I end up having to move to florida. A lot of bad things happen to
me after I graduated. But uh so I'm kind of not, I am working like with my family business but I'm not in the field that I want to be in right now, I have to kind of wait until I get better, which is probably going to be, I don't know, another year, year and a half, it was really bad car.
it's a it's life changing. Like you think that you like you're on the road to do one thing and you're focused on doing this one thing and then something barrels and something happens and now your your bed balance, you can't do it. It it caused a lot of depression and stuff. I had to go through their whole grieving process and it took a long time. Yeah
so it's uh and then I start looking at people online that you know lose a limb or you know born with deformities in and to see how they cope with living that way and I know I'm not that bad office them but it seems like it's always a component of family, component good friendships and family that helped them through the process and it's kind of
Uh huh.
I look I'm just I should be grateful for what I do have. My family dynamic is not as I would like it to be because we're put up so I mean family on my father's side, family on my mom's side, they're both not talking to each other.
Now I'm I'm on the side where my family is not talking to each other and or on my mom's
side, which is weird because I grew up my dad, so I'm just getting to know them and how they operate and stuff like that. They've been helpful, don't get me wrong, they come over, they help me and to do things, but I don't know. So
it's okay. Uh I'm actually feeling a little bit better from talking about going to sleep after the ball. How many music do you have?
Mhm.
thank
you.
You're gonna miss it or are you happy going back home?
You can
what?
I
don't
think
I'm gonna say like if Covid gets worse, you may want to be able to even going back to school, wow.
Mhm. Is your college refunding you any of money that you owe you are getting refunds? Okay.
You
can't,
Mhm. Yeah, I have a feeling that Covid it's just gonna spread to everybody eventually. I mean, it got my dad, he no, he goes places, but I'm just like he's in Wisconsin in, I guess it's not that it's not as bad there as it is. I'm just like, it's gonna eventually. I think they're gonna have a cure soon. I heard. I don't know if it's real.
Pink.
Uh huh.
Thank you. And
please.
Well, it's nice talking to you and enjoy your back home.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
too.