Hi, how are you?
Well,
I'm pretty good. Um Yeah,
yeah. Where, what, what's your name?
I'm Lauren.
You too? Where in the world are you?
nice, cool.
I'm in massachusetts. Um I go to college out here, so
yeah, I'm just
in my dorm room.
No, so I'm actually from Colorado. Um Yeah, yeah, so pretty far from home, but
so I guess, I don't know, I guess I kind of just wanted like a new experience in like a new place. Um And my yeah, I I really wanted a college with um
like good academics and
so yeah,
I definitely missed colorado. Um I feel like I didn't I didn't appreciate it as much um when I was there, then I do now. Um But but yeah,
are
you from
Minnesota?
Have you lived there your whole life?
Hell
no.
Oh, gotcha. Oh, I'm so sorry. It's
hard.
yeah, it's a poster of Yeah,
just like the solar system. Um I'm studying astrophysics here,
so yeah, so I'm a big, big nerd for like space and the planets and stuff, so yeah,
I'm not super into astrology um yeah, I don't think I really believe in that, um but it's yeah, it's kind of fun to think about and um I I definitely have friends that are into like their, their horoscopes and astrology and stuff, are you into that?
With the
I don't know, honestly, I, I kind of think it's just, I don't know, just a bunch of like hoo ha, like yeah, yeah, yeah, I just, yeah, I I don't know, I think like it is fun to think about and be like, oh, like, you know, jupiter's like in this position and so that means that like, you know, whatever. But yeah, I just, I I don't really think there's any like good evidence for that or like good reason why to believe it besides like other people believing it. But
yeah, so I'm a junior um And yeah and so I have another like year and a half. Um But but yeah, we're actually so uh my college was in person at least like somewhat, you know, we still had some like hybrid hybrid classes and stuff. Um But yeah, they're sending us all home like basically um for thanksgiving, they said that like when you leave, you know, you're you can't come back. And so they yeah, so they yeah, they've been planning this for like the whole year. But yeah, they're basically like yeah, you know, we want everyone gone by thanksgiving and then we have like a few more weeks of online classes after thanksgiving. Um But but yeah, so I'm in the process of trying to clean up my room um and pack everything up. Uh So
it's it's been a little hectic, but, but yeah, yeah. How?
Yeah, so I'm I'm gonna be going back to Colorado. I'm actually, I'm sending like a weakened main with
my
boyfriend
and his his family there. Um
So yeah,
so we'll be there for thanksgiving. But then I guess yeah, the sunday after thanksgiving will be heading back to Colorado. So
yeah. Yeah. Do you have any thanksgiving plans or what, what are you up to?
What?
no. Oh
my gosh, I'm so sorry. Is is if you get it recently?
Oh, wow. So is
he having
symptoms or is he a symptomatic?
Okay, that's
good.
Uh huh. Yeah, wow. Well, yeah, I'm so sorry that that's hard, but I'm glad
you.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. It is, it is hard though, like, I don't know, just trying to quarantine, but yeah, I feel like that's if you got a positive test, like you really got to do it, But, but yeah, it's, it's hard. Yeah. Yeah. How how
is covid, like in your areas, are you guys having like a spike or what? What's happening?
no.
Well, yeah, thanks for showing up. And even though you're not, not feeling super great, but yeah, But
Yeah. Yeah, I know you're, you're totally fine.
So I've done this, I've done it a lot. I think this is like my fifth time.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I've only been stood up once, but everyone I've talked to said that like a lot of people just don't show up um Which is yeah and yeah, you've been stood up like three times you said.
Oh that's really weird. What the heck? Uh
wow. Hm,
interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Have you have you done a lot of other things on prolific?
So I've I've heard of that um I haven't really tried
it.
How
is it?
paul.
and
Yeah, yeah, that's cool though. Yeah, I'll have to look into it. Yeah.
yeah, yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah, it's always, yeah, it's been nice. I so I actually found prolific through um
one of my classes here, I I was taking I'm taking computer science class and we were talking about like crowd sourcing um and like getting, getting the crowd to do surveys and do work and stuff. Um And yeah and so one of our assignments
was to um
go on prolific and do some surveys. Um and I I really enjoyed it and I was like making some money and I was like ok I'll just like keep doing it. So it's been a few months now, I love it, it's like you were saying the service are really cool and like yeah they make you think and they're interesting and yeah it's been good.
Yeah, so actually our our assignment now for that class is to do like do just that and like to create a survey um
and have people fill that out. Um So yeah, so we just got that assignment and it's a group project so um but yeah, so be on the lookout in a few weeks, you might serve a I don't know exactly what it will do
about yet, but
um yeah yeah so it's
Yeah, you know it depends, I feel like a lot of times I prefer to just work on my own because I don't know sometimes it's hard to coordinate with people and sometimes people kind of like slack off more than I would want them to and yeah, is that kind of your feeling about group projects too?
my God. Yeah, that's so annoying. I just yeah it's hard trying to like yeah I get people to coordinate and organize and I don't know, some people just like really don't care and just like want other people to do it. And that's that's what
sorry, sorry. Mine,
my roommates were just
walking
in. Sorry, continue your, your Harley Davidson. Yes.
my
girl.
Yeah. What, what did you study in college?
no,
No.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry. That's hard,
for sure.
absolutely. Yeah.
Well, it sounds like you have your family there, which is nice. Um
no.
listen,
that's hard. I'm sorry.
so we so I live in a dorm on campus um and we um so they're like uh 10 of us on this floor. Um and we all yeah, we all like picked in together. Um and so I'm I'm on the cross country team here. Um And so it's it's all like cross country runners um which yeah, it's been really fun. Um I feel very lucky that are like our housing situation worked out like this. Um
But yeah, it's a lot of us um and there there have been some issues here and there just, you know, girl drama, how it is. But but yeah, it's for the most part
it's
it's been a great experience and um Yeah,
but yeah, so I would say some of each like I'm excited to see my family um
and and spend some time with them, but I don't know, I just it's been it's been very nice just kind of having my own life
here and like um yeah, I just don't know, becoming more independent and um I'll so I'll definitely miss that, and especially this year our break is so long. Um Like normally we'd only get like three or so weeks off from school and
so
I'd
only be home for a couple of weeks but this year with Covid they've changed the schedule and so I'm going to be home for almost like three months which is which is a long time. But
Yeah that's the thing too that it's still very up in the air. Yeah whether we'll be able to come back in the spring so yeah it could be even longer than three months which is yeah just crazy and and sad to think about.
Yeah. So yeah so they they decreased tuition this year um which was really nice and last year we we also got um like when you know when we were all like sent home in the spring um they reimbursed some like housing and you know, meal plan and that sort of stuff. Um So yeah they yeah my college has been doing a pretty good job
of
like yeah supporting the students and um yeah just trying to like do do what's best for us, but it is hard like I don't know just I feel like all colleges are really struggling with. Yeah, just like whether to like bring people back and get that revenue or you know like trying to keep people safe, it's it's just a hard balance. But
Yeah, so I think I think there's been a few vaccines that have recently gotten results um and I think I think they've been like 90-95% effective Um which is I think a lot higher than they were expecting, which is great, but
also like, I don't know, you still have that like five or 10% of people that it doesn't work for. Um
but yeah so I'm I'm hoping that'll that'll hope things. But yeah I agree that. I don't know, I think it's just going to keep spreading and yeah, unfortunately. But yeah.
I think it's been yeah like 2026 minutes. Um
No.
thank you. Yeah and I hope you feel better um and can recover and um I hope your dad recovers well and and everything
goes okay with
that.
But yeah, nice talking with you, okay,
bye.