Hi. Hi, can you remind you?
how are you?
Good.
same. Actually I've done this study, this is my third time
now and the last two times I had one female from florida And one female from California. So yeah I mean we were just kind of talking about a lot of different topics like Covid and I don't know what's
going on with Indonesia.
Very
I'm currently located in Honolulu hawaii. Yeah.
Oh how did you enjoy it?
Hello Louella?
Yeah.
a lot of things in hawaii are expensive I mean because we're just like so isolated I mean like even buying a gallon of milk is like almost $5 here and that's like at Costco too. So you
I mean there is like a minimum wage here I think it's like Um 12 dogs now I think. But
I mean still that doesn't really cut it here. I mean like a lot
of people have to have like more than two jobs um you know to make ends meet so.
right right right. Yeah. So
how do
I think
I'm sorry
go
ahead.
yeah I was
born and raised in a way. Um I've been outside the island a few times so visited like California new york once. Um So maybe just the west coast and in the east coast but never really like in the Heartland,
early
in the south.
I mean it's always interesting though to see different parts of you know the nation where you live and you know.
Uh huh. Go ahead. So
what
about
you?
How? I'm sorry.
what about you? I mean have you been born and raised in Iowa? Have you lived
here all your
life?
wow. So you've been pretty much
all over
the place then?
You know? I'm surprised mm is there a particular location that you like the best?
He said
Well there's only so much you can do on an island. I mean it's not like you know we can just hop across the other islands. I mean there at one point was like a superferry that would take you know residents and their vehicles from one island to another but that got canceled due to environmental reasons and
yeah cancer forever.
Well you can fly there but other than you know paying for airfare it's not like it's like a bridge that connects every single island that we can just like dr you know like a road trip.
I wish there was something like that honestly I mean
it depends on the season I think right now during the summertime I mean pretty cool but it would have been like hi hundreds round trip. Uh And then maybe like offseason Like if you can find a good deal like maybe 50 or 60 which is really good. Um
But I mean just trying to I guess arrange for like um
lodging accommodations like booking
a hotel and
whatnot
right renting a car to you know those are added other fees that you know you have to also consider.
Yeah I wish
I mean I guess I don't know why they haven't built something like that. I mean it would be useful
to like so many residents.
I think it's a few 100 miles between each island.
it would be a long bridge but I think it would be worthwhile like if he thought of this like 30 years ago and like you know we had it now. Um
But what's
going on right now on our island is that um I guess about a decade ago they started to plan um
a real system and so well like most things in a way um things often get stalled and push back. Um So
what's been going on is you know, for What 10 years now I guess almost 20 years they've been trying to build out this rail system and initially it was supposed to go from one part of the island to another part of the island. But I guess due to like economical reasons, financial issues and even like um environmental reasons like they're finding human remains when they are bearing up when they're digging up the ground. Um
Yeah there's a lot of um native going. Um And so it's true I guess ravines on the island I guess like dating pre back before like, um, people came to the island and so they just had like a mayoral debate. I think it was like one day ago about, oh, what are we going to do about rail? Um, and I guess a lot of residents are fed up with needing to pay for taxes that go toward Rio and like where is this system going to go? Like if it gets accomplished, is it going to meet the residences demands or is it just gonna be like a decorative
sort of thing,
you know?
Great
Ray.
There's just so many different logistical reasons I guess. Like federal monetary funds are like held up and like state government just
is incompetent. I guess so.
So that's pretty much what's been going on in Hawaii, I
mean,
are
they than
that?
well recently we've been seeing an uptick in cases, I mean on a normal given day it was probably around 50 or 60 cases per day, but This past week we've been seeing an uptick of towards like almost 200 cases per day. So it's slowly increased like 150 And then I think
our highest so far is like about
215.
No, no,
no, I guess it is domestic because you know the way is still considered like a state like 58 state. So
yeah, yeah, depending on, I guess what perspective you look at it, I mean
For any.
And maybe just clued exclude Alaska and Hawaii just because it's just
too expensive
this ship stuff and whatnot.
even
So yeah, I guess the covid cases I mean in terms of like trying to just limit their monetarist, I mean
they still haven't really opened up to risk um tourism completely. What they've done is sort of the opening
things and things is like reopening restaurants and bars really opening parts um
but you know because tourism is basically the heart and soul of what drives toys, economic development
that and military, since there's three military bases on the island um I guess you know it's sort of like trying to find a compromise or balance if you will what's best
between trying to open up the economy and trying to keep people safe at the same time, it's
constantly
it's constantly a tipping scale, wow,
have to learn the hard way in order to
figure
it
out
Right, it must
be frustrating for you then, I mean.
great.
But I mean they're even saying like you know this virus is affecting you know people from all ages, I mean even you know people who are younger like you know we can have serious complications from it and
without
any mask mandate or
any
great.
a sacrifice to go outside, Yes.
I mean I have to say that so far this has been the most strangest year I've been through. I mean you've been here longer on the earth and I have, but I mean what
do you think
about
it?
great.
you're right.
Yes. Yeah, I don't, I guess I haven't really tried the chicken sandwiches yet, so I don't
really understand what the
big
buses
it's just been like the hype on social media and just you
know
in conversations.
I don't
cross your
fingers
that they have it.
we do actually. Um I've never actually used any one of those services yet, I'm just sort of like the old fashioned kind of guy who would,
you know, either
drive through or take out and I mean occasionally like on that order online can like an app like the papa john's for example, but I've never used Uber eats or door dash grubhub or any of those services.
So do
you have
to, is there like an added surcharge, like a service surcharge or?
interesting
Right, I always wondered about those grocery delivery services like what if the product that you receive is like junk like let's say you receive a packet of strawberries and like one of them is a modi do you have the option of like returning it and?
nice.
Yeah.
Yeah. Come to think of an idea. Yes because
I
guess
I guess my main concern was like if you know because you don't have the option of picking and choosing what um especially like produce like what produce look good and like
um you know getting
you
really?
I
should
look into that.
Very. Yeah I mean I guess it makes more sense
especially in Iowa since you know there's no mask mandate in stores and
you
know
all there is.
it's
like a recommendation to wear a mask, but
I see. Because
I guess with the stores in Hawaii, um, like a lot of them have mask mandates, but I guess because Hawaii is a lot more community
centric base. Um,
so in the sense that, you know, if someone doesn't see someone wearing a mask and they're concerned and basically immediately reported, especially if it's like in an enclosed area and like a store, like, you know, Costco or walmart or what not. Um, so that's interesting to see how that plays out, like, especially in like other parts of the nation
because I thought it was just like, you know, if a store mandates a mask requirement, then it's like
sort of nationally spread and enforced.
three.
that's maybe the case. But of course you always have a few bad apples who
were in it,
But
perhaps, you
know.
But I guess especially like we're going to like parks and uh, just open aired areas, I didn't realize and it's the amount of people who wouldn't be wearing masks, especially in Hawaii. Like for example, um, you know, walking along the beach. I mean, I mean, I used to make sense not to wear a mask in the sense that, you know, if you're going in the water and signed to swim then, I mean it doesn't really seem feasible.
But I mean just even like sunbathing on the beach on the sand, you know, I mean, I guess it would be respectful to wear a mask, but yet many
local
residents choose
not
to wheeler.
I would say, well, I mean I would wear one out of fear, but I would also try to socially distance at the same time on the beach, like try
to stagger myself away from the next person as much as possible,
getting
mm that's true.
Yeah,
I would say, you know you're doing your responsibility, I mean.
No, no, no, I I see your point is valid, but I
guess
what's concerning is like when people have like potlucks on the beach for example and
you have
it is. I mean I've tried to limit the amount of news I consume every day because it's just so irritating. I mean, you know, it gets to a certain point where you just got to say like, you know, just isn't right for me, like I just can't process all of this and you know, have
it affect my day, you
know?
All
it's just
better
for your emotional health just all in all.
Yeah it's been well it's basically sunny all year around but there are like times during the year that you know it gets muggy or like a rainy season. But pretty much other than that I mean it's pretty much consistently sunny.
We actually did get a hurricane but it just slightly missed our island. So it was about several weeks ago uh we were anticipating to get a category one hurricane. So you know nothing like
you know
the
other parts
of the mainland. Right. Right. For Hawaii people I guess you know seeing a category one is still even scary because we rarely get hurricanes here. And when we do get some sort of weather um you know happening, you know a lot of people are concerned about power outages and down telephone poles. Um I guess we're that we're sort of like that vulnerable even when it comes to the smallest weather impacts since we're isolated and
you
know, we just,
not
else.
Mm No, that much. I mean
a lot of the earthquakes get triggered from the big island because they have active volcanoes there And so, you know, I mean maybe the biggest magnitude would get would be like 5.6 usually. Um but
Oh yeah. Um by anyways,
I guess just um Not yeah, with a 5.6 magnitude. Um I mean it doesn't really hurt us in any way, but I think there's been like a few rare
occasions that we've had 87.9 magnitude. Like this was like in years past. And you know, they were like big uh, do not miss that hit. Um Not on Oahu specifically, but more like on the other islands, like the big island for example. Um So a lot of people are just sort of cautious about that. So when it comes to like disaster preparation, a lot of people take it seriously I guess.
I
don't
know.
Well,
look.
So
like, I'm sorry, go ahead.
yeah, anytime I guess like Japan or like Alaska or even like Mexico has like a big earthquake. Uh I guess the central pacific tsunami warning center here um immediately tries to follow what the weight projections are just because we're like in the center of everything. And so, you know, we always have to be cautious and on our feet basically you just to prepare
brain, right?
Yeah. I mean it would be nice. Um but even being excluded excluded from like promotional deals, like I mean I wish they include us too. But I mean unfortunately.
Meanwhile please here are maybe about a dollar more. So it's not too bad. But I mean would
be better if we had like dolls even like dollar stores for example, we don't have any dollar stores except recently when we started to create a new one. I mean they had dollar stores in the past, but
I guess it just was true expensive to get things out here and they weren't making a profit so
their
clothes
on.
No, no. Um But we have what's called a Diesel store. Um I guess Diesel is like 100 yen store in Japan. So I guess they're trying to experiment with the whole way market and see if you know people would, you know go to their stores and buy stuff which has been working. But not everything is like a dollar. I mean In more cases than not it's like $2
for $3
for
products.
4.712%. Yeah
it's high.
What is extra in Iowa?
True. That's it.
6%.
that's
strange.
I don't know maybe because products
are
lower
so.
Well
I mean I don't know if you want to move here because things
are expensive but.
So
yeah unless you're an outdoors person
I would
say hawaii is not really meant for you. I mean because other than like hiking and going to the beach and doing outdoorsy activities there's not really much that hawaii has to offer. I mean there's some nightlife, there's some, well I wouldn't say there's many attractions but I mean it's
not like
we have Disney
World here or Disneyland or you know
Um I guess the most outdoorsy thing I do to be exercised, like going jogging or walking um Like every couple of days. But other than that like I mean I occasionally go hiking and to the beach. But
no not necessarily. I mean I do it if my friends are going out but if I already just go by myself, you know, I'd rather find something better to do it by time I guess.
Oh no, no, no, I don't know up to you.
actually.
Thanks.
Um Yeah not to the point where you know, I get overly drunk but I mean I had a few drinks.
Well I mean I had the experience but didn't want to like end up being on the news for like some
you know stupid
reasons and at the same time
I'm a coffee burst at Starbucks.
Oh it's a pretty stressful job I'd say. Especially if you have like those demanding customers that you know, specify like little amounts of like, oh I want skim milk with you know halfway cream and what not. It
just
gets
brain. They efficiently manage. I guess the task that you're doing and try to take in the order and please the customer at the same time. It's like a lot of,
you
know.
I mean it's kind of interesting though, you have some customers who are just so nice and just want a normal drink and then you have the really sassy customers that want a specific drink in
way right? At Karen's and
grade.
it
does.
It does. Um But I mean, I don't know, I guess at the same time like I enjoy the creativity of working like as a coffee barista. Since you're able to make sort of experiment some drinks, but at the same time you have to be, you know on your tools with pleasing the customer and making
sure you get the drink. Right. What not? Yeah.
No, no. Yeah, they had a uniform
drink and
They had a specifically Pokemon drink, wow.
Mm. See it's hard for like a barista to sort of remember all the drinks. Like I have to rely on my recipe cards just because in illegal every all, mostly every month there's like a new drink that comes out and we have to remember that on top of the regular drinks and like the older drink. So
How
does
your wife manage just remembering
all of
those
recipes?
mm. And that's a wise
decision.
Great
race.
I guess, yeah, I understand what you're saying. I mean, I think especially for my generation, like I feel like our generation business understand or really appreciate, Like
one would be like respect
and to be just
work ethic. I mean,
there
are a few, you know, like me who, you know, really worked diligently and you know, pay attention to detail. But like a lot of them, like I guess I'm basically stereotyping, but like a lot of them just don't care. Like they get, they expect things to be handed on a silver platter, which, you know, I think it's just completely, you
know,
not
the case.
It's being spoiled, basically.
It's kind
of
scary
to think about the future in that sense.
Oh I mean I don't want to say that it's going to be worse than it is now, but I mean
yeah you'd be living the good life well I'm probably out working and
unfortunately
breathe
Yeah the 80s must have been a good decade to live in, I mean
lot of good things came from the 80s so
mm I envy you guys
You
don't have to worry about all of that crap
and like social
media bullying and what not.
brain.
Yeah that and just managing your social media presence I guess it's all about the likes and followers now, so you know it's like you have to create this other persona of yourself and try to maintain it online,
it's not healthy.
great.
I basically gave up on instagram, I mean at first it was cool when it just first came out, but now it's just so curated with all of these fashion media profile pictures and
you
know,
Yeah. Well, I don't know, I feel like Tiktok is like the fun social media platform
we're now.
Well,
I
don't understand like where all of these memes also come up to like, it's hard to sort of understand like to what extent I mean, is considered offensive. Like if I were to just read it, you know, as is like, I would think, oh, you know, there's nothing of it, but I guess it's, I don't know, like reading between the lines and whatnot that there's sarcasm in it and
like comedy,
how
comedy should be.
Well, yeah. Yeah,
it's a different coping mechanism
and
you know, you were, you know, is like the medicine that cures most things, you know, I don't know what the exact thing is, but you
know.
I feel like
we've
come
right, we've come to a point where like we can't take a joke anymore, like
it's always interpreted as, you know, sexist or you know what not? I mean
there are some jokes that are extremely offensive, but I mean like minor subtle jokes
about,
yeah, they're still funny. Exactly. And you know, it's not the intention isn't meant to, you look like cause harm to another one. It's just to make, you know, you laugh basically.
So like, I don't know. Yeah.
Like even for example, like watching episodes of like Seinfeld for example, like
if you were to show that to most millennials now,
like
I feel
like they would be right. They would find things to criticize and just nitpick at hall, you know, socially incorrect. It is or politically incorrect. It is,
but
is
sad. I mean.
I don't know. I don't want to say it's necessarily progressivism, but I feel like there's a certain part to progressivism that just sort of takes away the fun and humor and just sort of immediately
castes like um what is the Lord like um you know, basically like shaming you for doing certain things that are not appropriate. Like I wouldn't
say that I'm necessary, entirely progressive, but I would say like I'm like center progressive,
but
yeah, I don't fit in with my generation.
Yeah. I can't take a joke. I
can
take a racist joke,
I
mean.
right,
I
mean
rain
I guess to some extent, you know, I can see why calling like the coronavirus for example, the chinese virus may be insulting
where?
no, no, no. You're
No, I'm not. I'm not.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah. That's where
his profit. Yeah.
it
is. Yeah.
No, no, no. Yeah. You're great. I mean,
I
mean,
on top of that, there's still not enough evidence to figure out where exactly the virus came from. I mean, there is, you know, there's speculation that, you know, it got transferred from the bat and into another species and then to a human. Um, but I mean even, you know, the idea of it being a bio weapon created in china. I mean, there is no factual evidence for
that.
I watch
him every
night.
Great.
Yeah.
Yeah. He is an embarrassment to America.
I
heard
about
that
and he wants to mind the Grand Canyon for uranium. I think also it's just what the hell are you doing?
Yes, that's
true.
Yeah, it is,
yeah, I mean, I don't understand how he really got elected in the first place. Well, I mean he did get the, what is it votes? I mean the
electoral
college votes,
but
he didn't get right, he didn't get the popular vote.
Great. Great.
Yeah. I don't think biden is competent, but if we were between biden and trump, I
guess I would have to go to the biden.
I mean he's not
my number
one candidate but
you know,
it's tough. I mean,
people's
hair and just
Yeah it's tough.
I mean
I've heard I've heard some um political experts say that you know biden, you know, although you
know biden would be the best choice to get our country to normalcy. I mean we can't
just
forget
about his gaffes and you know his sexual misconduct
allegations
and
whatnot.
Mm I feel like that's a risk.
I mean trump
may do even more harm than he's done these past four years.
Well I don't think he would be president Like literally president for the next 12
years but
family members of the trump family would probably run for office now that he's
Kushner. Mm.
we could see,
you know the trumps being in office were quite awhile if you know he does get reelected or even just within political. I mean political positions in general I mean.
Yeah it's
just
frustrating.
Um I gotta go pretty soon but anyways
it was nice
talking with you. I mean
I had a really good you know conversation with you. It
was
quite
fun.
Dylan.
Oh nice to meet you
not.
Yeah be sure to look me up and you know we can immediately again and what
not.
Yeah hopefully it will be when Covid is all gone. You know things will return back to normal but
we'll see where the schools.
Yeah you too. Thanks