trying to get to. Uh huh. Television really showcase what type of player of the year. Well, career line, let me ask you, you're saying that anybody can play with you. Yeah. Uh yeah when you compare the always compare a great player, great player. You got to have more than you know the way they want the championship effort. The world with a wait Boban was 20 and Maria to Jab killers dropped the point goes to the outside world wide. Thank you. Local people with Medicare are getting only one country for their doctors, isn't hospitals, their prescription drugs and more. This kind of insurance called Medicare policy may also cover dental care, eyeglasses, hearing aids with his program, vitamins, even healthy meals and right to development with hispanic coverage using nothing Medicare supplement insurance plants. You will access your video character exit point. Okay $0 public land for me. You deserve to get the most benefit call now. Should help you get into a role for yourself or call the number on the screen now call now. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You know for owning a big, a big hospital, younger players a these guys, these guys time, you know, they put a lot of work behind the scenes. I know what my number is going to be called, but I can do ready for uh, From 22, 9 minutes, 209 minutes. A lot of
can you hear me good?
I'm good. How are you?
The first male I've spoken to? Who
Institute?
And it's
different. You got different regionally. I got one from Minnesota. I'm in Iowa, so it's about two hours north. So kind of the same we're gonna say and then one from new Orleans. So that was at least that was different.
Where are you? Where are you?
Well, no, he said okay. I've been, I've been, so we went to Oahu once when I was young.
I, well it was during uh stingray, not stingrays, jellyfish season, So we couldn't go more than, you know, knee deep. I think I was 10 or 12. So we, but we went to a, uh, the giant cookouts, uh, well,
uh, like the fresh, you know, the fresh pig and did all the touristy things is right near Diamond Head Mountain on Oahu. Yeah.
Well it was, I mean it was beautiful for sure. Very expensive though. Yeah.
goodness. But you have to make a lot more. Right. Yeah. Pretty right. Okay.
Oh wow. That's, that's quite a bit
I,
Unless you're in a calendar and invest investment person. Yeah. And then you pretty much on the island. That's how we had, we had friends that lived in grand Cayman. Uh, so they, we went down to visit them and, and just everything was outraged. Like a T shirt. You know, you can get here for, you know, $15 was like 40 something there. Everything was just, I couldn't, I couldn't do it nice to visit, but to live.
you like
it?
I'm
sorry. Go
ahead.
Know where you, have you lived there forever. Have you ever been? Were you born and raised there?
It's
No, no,
no need
lots of corn. So there's no need to come here. Very.
but it's, I'd rather stay California. That's where it's all flat here and there's this corn, there's not much to see here.
So
what
part
you
go this time going?
No,
I was
born in, that was born in san Diego on the naval base. Uh, my parents split up and I moved to boston massachusetts and then right after high school I moved to florida and then to texas because I was bored and then up here now
I've
been
I've been everywhere and I've been out in Seattle so I've been up to the pacific northwest and See I've been in all four corners.
Shit. Um I know not, I don't know about best, I mean there was there good and bad about everything florida was too too humid, I don't like being hot so I like I like seasons, it's just boring here. Um
I mean everything is pretty cheap so I can't complain about that. Um It's just it's just boring. Okay there's nothing to do here. Yeah but I guess you have you have lots to do. Mhm. Well.
I cancelled forever
so you couldn't you can how do you say you can't get to one of the other islands if you wanted to?
Uh huh. How do you feel about that
how much like how much it would be to fly to one of the islands next to you? Yeah.
Uh
good.
You
got to
rent a car?
I guess I figured they were just giant bridges connecting everything. I never
I don't think I ever thought about.
How
how far is it from you to the next one like is it like 100 miles or less? Oh
I'd be a long bridge yeah.
No.
Which
no.
Do you?
wow.
good.
Well
you're paying taxes for something that's not being built that's kind of frustrating. I mean you're you're paying for it do
it.
That's just the federal government I'm guessing. All right.
morgan.
Well yeah the same everywhere I guess. Yeah. Yeah.
How
are
you
how
are you how are you covid wise? You guys pretty good. Oh
What
church
can they I guess they can't stop people from going there because it's the U. S. It's not domestic it's I
don't
But they always call it like what the continental 48 and then Alaska and Hawaii are kind of outside of.
Right. I mean I always saw you guys were part of the mainland but I guess everywhere I see everything's like you guys are excluded along with Alaska like You see on TV like Burger
King Special deals. It's only in the is it continental 48. Is that what they call it? Am I okay?
Far
away.
Exactly. Yeah me my I do plastic
we make plastic like flexible plastics and we make the packaging for the monologue, how the macadamia nut packages. So our shipping when we ship that out it's outrageously expensive to ship to you guys. So it's yeah that's why I've just never I don't think I ever known anybody from hawaii it's kind of cool and I know very little about the islands apparently I think.
So
people.
Right.
Oh I bet. Yeah. Oh
that's bad.
don't want every
everyone is dead, they can't spend money so you gotta
I think uh I was in the boat of you know, kind of shut everything down for the year. You know, just let everyone stay home and not get everyone else sick address. But where Iowa's very Republican. So we never, we never really shut down completely. So we get about 400 something cases a day, You know, at least at least 10 deaths today here. And because nobody, nobody cares, you know, you go to a restaurant and nobody's wearing a mask, you know, servers, uh, cooks customers, Nobody. So you, you actively try to get covid if you go there. So yeah, it's pretty, we have a lot of, you know, I'll do what I want, you know, for everyone else kind of people and well then they'll get it and they'll find out. Maybe I should have done it correctly. Yeah.
Which
is
just
stubborn is very Republican.
What
it kinda is. I mean, I don't, I mean my my family is for I'm not close to any of my family, so if my wife or I get it, we'll be okay. You know, we're not going to infect anybody that you know, can, you know, immuno compromised or whatever, that will probably die from it. You know? Her parents are in Missouri South, so four hours away. Oh but I'm still not trying to kill anyone's grandparents, you know? That's rather selfish I think.
But
we we completely open up schools last week I think just completely open like everyone just the governor said everyone go to class because she's a huge she's trump's friends so she does
everyone go to proper
no
mask mandates. So there was already a first grader that was infected. So I mean and that was probably about 40 minutes outside of des Moines, so half the class is probably infected. So what do you do then, Do you shut down the school?
Uh Yeah, it's uh it's so it's irritating. I wish we lived in massachusetts because they're going down and it's, you know, they have a much bigger population and they're going down and we're so spread out and everyone's sick. It's just the dumbest thing. Okay?
And and we're and my wife and I, for the most part are homebodies anyway. We, you know, we go out to a bar every now and again, but we're we're perfectly fine just staying home. So we, so this is actually perfect for me because I don't little bit like people anyway, so it's distancing and just, you know, everyone keeps themselves, you know, my dad and my aunt and I were talking about him like yeah, that's perfect because that's just who we are anyway. But yeah, for some people it's harder and I get some people are more social. They need people they need interaction. I mean it's it's an adjustment. I don't think I'll ever be the same again. Yeah.
it
all
started
with the chicken sandwich wars of last year with uh like Popeye's chicken, I think
I think that set everything off. That was the first big thing I remember and that was like october november of last year And I think that pretty much kicked off 2020 to be this. I blame Popeye's
for all this. Yeah. Yeah,
everyone's
been
our
I haven't been able to, everyone everywhere I go, there's still out. Uh huh. I've wanted to just so I can see what the white excluding people over it. I haven't yet. Uh huh.
know
and
I just I know I wish I could try it so I knew what the what the fuss was about
and my owner tonight actually I mean just get it over with
and
it's
I know I know doordash seems to have it when I try to go online but I just haven't done it yet. Yeah. So do you guys have you guys have doordash and Uber eats and delivery down there?
go
to the story.
Yeah we we started when all this all this started I think we used to reach a couple of times but it was always just so expensive. We were in Memphis Nashville Tennessee and trying to use it and it was like a $17 mark up on the food. We're like nope never mind will we'll go lock somewhere order pizza. But now
they've
made.
There is, it's usually like three or 4 bucks. Um Well in Iowa um But I when this all started they have a, You pay $10 a month in the service charges waived. So it's like
it's like everything else so it's So it's like 10% or 20% off the order plus in no service charge so It ends up being like $2 extra. So you know we did that, we ordered in so much much more than we should have. Even though we have, we pay for grocery delivery already, It's like $100 a year for Walmart to deliver our groceries to us. But then we were just extra super lazy and just ordered food online which is just you just don't want to cook and it's so easy.
Yes you you just you send them a message and say hey these strawberries were bad and they will refund you for the price of the whole product. So we had we had potatoes uh where one potato was just moldy and gross. Um So we took it out and it was just one potato, like we just watched the other ones and they were fine but they just refunded us at the price of the entire bag, wow.
Yeah so
it's actually and for $100 for the year it's really not a bad deal
and
we don't
have the
They
better than
we do. Uh
Yeah. Uh I hate picking through like bags of lettuce to find the good ones. It's one of those things, it just just takes forever and you can never find a good one. But they as far as I know, as far as producers gone, they've never done us wrong other than that one potato that one time uh I can't remember anything ever really going wrong. Yeah.
So
they
I I mean I would it's worth, I don't know what, how much it would be there. But especially, I mean we did this pre covid we did this last year at some point. Uh So during this it it really worked out to not have to go, you know, do that. So it's it's definitely worth the money if you don't ever want to go to the store, it's probably something look into.
First
there
is
there is in some
uh some like Lowe's walmart as of last week Um the 20th whenever that was so a little about three weeks ago. Um they have a mask mandate but they call it a mandate, but they don't really care like they'll still serve you without a mask. So it's unenforced mandate. I get it
like
which it was before. It's the same thing as it was before. They can just make themselves better and say they're trying to help even though they really don't care. Oh
but
You didn't,
Yeah.
What?
But
Yeah. No, not here. Yeah. But I bet with you guys that probably would be more because you are more of a community because you're on, you're on an island. You figure you would be maybe less selfish and just put on the mask and care about, you know, everyone else on a small island as compared to here where it's just so open that,
you know, we think, oh, you know, everyone else will be fine because it's not gonna be someone I know, but on the island it probably is going to be someone, you know? Right.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah. They're probably
not from there and probably just moved down there or military or
just
ruin everything. Yeah.
no, the mask will be useless when it gets wet, I would think,
but
if you're,
but if
you're,
if you're stationary and everyone's moving around you, would you wear one if you were just laying on the beach? Just sunbathing, or do you think that's other people's responsibility? Just stay away from you?
No.
Right. I mean, I just, I wouldn't, if I was, you know, the tanning type, which obviously I'm I'm not uh but you know, you
don't want the, you know, you would get a sun tan of the mask.
I think, I just think if I was that type, I would just expect like what were required to at work. But I mean, I'm in the lab, so I'm kind of an enclosed environment. I'm not within six ft of somebody else normally. So I don't always wear it because if I if somebody goes into my area, well, you know, just take a step back Because you're not supposed to be within six ft of me, I stay away from everybody, right? So I'm I I think I'm doing my part in keeping everyone, I'm keeping my bubble. Mhm. Because
it's,
it's someone comes just, you know, just, you know, just Get away from just stay back. Everyone. There's no need to be within six ft of anybody where I work. I kind of think the same way at a beach, like it's an open area, you have the option of not coming within six ft of somebody. So if I'm sunbathing or something, I wouldn't, I probably would not wear a mask, I would expect everyone else just be smart and just, maybe not. You can take a couple steps to the right and just kind of, you know, I just, I don't know if I'm being one of those selfish people are not
I
just
that's
done. That's, yeah, I don't florida had those covid parties where there were, you know, several 1000 people in the same spot. No one wearing a mask. Come on. Like that's, that's why the US is the panhandle of the world because we're, we're dumb. Like we just don't do that right. I just, It's so irritating that these, you know, mostly and they're mostly 20somethings for the most part. Come on man. Like it's still frustrated.
I spoke,
I
don't watch the news. I don't read articles I know as a country where we're dumb, if Canada is keeping us out, then you know, we're doing wrong.
Go on. It's just so irritating. That were that were just that selfish that I don't even read anything about it. If I see a covid article I scroll through I don't uh if there's anything important my dad will tell me why I use him for my news because he's retired so all he does is read articles and read news all day so I need to know he'll tell me but I just I don't I don't want to irritate myself for no reason with that. Yeah
it's
just so.
you're going to it's just torture at this point. How's your how's your weather there? Nice. Yeah.
but you don't get you don't get hurricanes that far west do you? You're
Oh this is
like a
strong
wind.
You
get
you get earthquakes more than out there. Are
you
still ourselves?
Well?
Which were killed every iowan because we don't have them here. We have tornadoes here.
What?
Thanks?
I guess I mean because you're closer to Japan I guess so.
They
had
well I mean then then Iowa obviously but yeah
you're. Uh huh. Yeah I haven't thought about
for a long time. So I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm trying to get my geography in my head and I haven't. Uh Uh huh. I mean
they have
oh no you go. All right
Yeah you can get the remnants of anything coming from
I'm gonna have to look at my geographic hawaii because I just I you're kind of just way out there. I don't we don't ever think about you. Okay that's too bad. We should more.
you need your dollar whoppers as much as we do. Okay. Mhm.
I mean.
No.
So you
don't
have a dollar
general or family dollar or any of those?
What?
What? You're
what?
You're right there.
goodness.
It is. I I think we were complaining about like a penny tax rates 2nd 4.
Uh for 2 2.
two. No. You're gonna make me look it up. I just looked up the other day. Uh Tax rate. I have a six is the sale Iowa sales tax. So why are
we hiring? Yeah. Why are we higher
than
you?
That's
the state sales
taxes. 6%. I'm gonna
move to hawaii
what?
No.
Yeah. And I had and it's funny my friends that lived in common. They moved down there because it was you know it was paradise. They love it. They moved back three years later because well paradise is is visiting his paradise living there is just life. It was it was different because they I mean I guess if you were born and raised there it's different than just moving there. But
yeah but just cars and just everything else being so expensive.
I'm
not.
Other
than
it's quiet
so you're you're outdoorsy then got it. Oh what do you do that? Yeah
but you're not a hiker or a beach person?
Yeah. Oh and you can you can if you have to go you can end anytime. I just realized what time it was.
I find it fascinating personally. Oh so so you're what? 2020 something? Yeah.
21. Oh wow congratulations.
Did you go out drinking on your 21st?
well then you you just wasted your 21st.
Doing
something.
What do you do for work?
Oh really? My my wife did that for several years.
Our
coconut
milk.
I
couldn't
we'll go we'll go sometimes and she was like what do you want coffee? Well what kind of coffee do you want? It? Just give me a fucking coffee. I don't know I don't I'm not a Starbucks person but then they make hers wrong and heaven forbid they didn't do the half caf sugar free vanilla stuff and and the world and I couldn't do it. I praise her all day long for dealing with that shit right nope that's not for me. I just want highly caffeinated and sweet. That's my only that's all able. No I mean more shit more like to you I couldn't do it. It's tough.
the parent.
and I and she worked at a store right by a high school, So 4:00, you know when schools
whatever, she would just get bum rushed by, You know 90 Karen's and I know I would have been so rude, I'd been fired on my first day. I don't deal with that. Well, I'm like, well Show some respect 1st of all, can it's coffee, relax. So I would not have an eye anybody who's that patient, I praise you because it takes a certain person to do it. And that is
that
is fucking
Well
it is the creativity of the different drinks that I I mean I can respect because it's I mean there are so many different varieties and variations of the same and then they come out with, what was it? The unicorn drink? There was something
It
fucking man. Something that came out and and uh when the Pokemon go was big two years. Uh there was something poking man that came out here that was just impossible to make. And they got
I remember what it was. I she's cleaning up, we had a big storm here so she's cleaning branches in the backyard. Um But there was something that was just ridiculous to make and it got over ordered and it was and she came home upset many a night.
couldn't do it. How about
you
want?
Uh She doesn't
know
it
was just the second it was the second job that she just like doing. Uh But then she got a raise so she just gave that up.
We
have a we have a grocery store here that she opened open the Starbucks in the grocery store. So she was in charge of all the you know the teenagers that would you know, it would be their first job that she would try to manage and they just had no work ethic at all. Wait, what do you mean take out the trash? I have to do that? Well, well yeah, and you have to, let's go somewhere. So it's like having people mob take out the trash, you
know, the drinks, have them learn the drinks
and it's a little, it was a little much. And I think that's what she just she gave up because You know, dealing with uh you know, a 16 year old who doesn't no, what is was hard and measure.
Anything.
No,
no,
because
there.
And
that's what
I
mean, I'm kind of I'm early Millennia. I was born in 81, so I'm more generation X. I think because I'm not I don't I'm not the millennial type, but But a lot of them are, they grew up in a different time. Like I, when I was 15, I gotta work permit from school to go to work. Mhm. So I was going to school every day and then working 40 hours a week, you know, at CVS pharmacy. You know, I was, I worked through school. A lot of these people nowadays, they just get money from the parents, I guess. I don't know. It's that's
Well, yeah, world did and stereotypes are there for a reason they're stereotypes because they happen a lot. So it's not everybody obviously, but for most it's and american people nowadays that grew up during, you know, the coronavirus times, they're going to be, these are all grow leaders. They're being taught by their parents who don't want to teach them, that are so frustrated having them around all the time there. They're trying to get rid of them somehow. And I mean our world leaders today are being taught by their parents who don't care. So
I
don't
know.
Been in 30 years. I don't know. Mm
in 30 years I'll be 70 and I don't really care. I guess I'll be retired. I'll be retired and getting won't get so security because there won't be any, but I'll be retired.
Oh, you're, you're screwed. It's good man. I'm sorry That you
have a few words like teen well 16 through 22 hard are pretty screwed because those are the people that are going to be controlled by these people.
So yeah, I'm glad I was born when I was, I guess.
they were, they were amazing.
80s, 80s and 90s were an amazing time.
I mean, I had no cell phones, no social media, nothing. I mean cell
phone.
No,
I
yeah, I mean, the cyber bullying is just, oh my God, I can't I couldn't imagine. I couldn't I can't imagine how how hard it is for like a high school are now. It must be just I mean, I had bullying, but that was just face to face bullying. Like you just
just punch someone in the face and it's over. But cyberbullying, like you get thousands of people just throwing shit on, you know, I mean, it's God, I can't imagine.
Which is not
no, you have to be who you are. Doesn't matter what, just be
yourself. B
Tiktok
is the
same way
for now.
But even I've noticed because I, my neighbor got on it uh turned me onto it about six months ago. So I started just flicking, flicking through. And even now I've noticed it's getting it's getting like everything else like there, you know, there's some guy who's trying to lose weight. Well if you look at the comments, he's getting blasted by everybody, you know, calling them and trying to put him down and like a workout video on like he's trying to actively better himself and he's just getting started with negative comments. And I just want to
just find all these people that are doing it. It's a stop. Let them let the man be better. Like let the man better. You have nothing to do with the mind your business. It's so frustrating and
that
I don't get I there is a there's a meme group called fucked up memes. It has the most offensive, whatever you can think of memes that you could ever possibly imagine. Like there is no line and I personally like that because I don't I don't think there should be. I think everything can be put out in a kind of a relatable way where it's not Yeah, it might be mean, but it's also kind of funny, you
know, I don't want
happening
gallop like gallows humor like I'm all about that. I don't ever think there's nothing that you know the whole too soon there. I don't think that exists. Like I don't I think everything not should be made into a joke but everything can be laughed at not in a mean way, but just shit happens. So might as well just you know, I mean what are you gonna do it? It's gonna happen regardless. Might as well. Just not. Why are you sad about it? Why get you know sometimes sh it's funny, you know like I mean when Kobe crashed, like his helicopter crashed, the the amount of jokes were just outrageous. Like he I find that easier to relate to than being sad. What? I don't see the point of being said. I just I don't know just I think it's funny.
Good.
It
is.
No
I don't want anyone being set at my funeral. I want everyone to you know you find funny shit laugh at it. Like I want everyone you know getting drunk, having a party. I don't want a funeral. Don't be sad. I mean people die, everyone dies so why be sad about it? I'd rather you enjoy what I did and just laugh about it perfectly. And you got these people who just get offended about everything and it's that
that's
the new
everyone getting offended about everything.
No,
everything is bad
but they're still
funny.
Yeah. But if you're offended by it then it was obviously targeted toward you and you need to deal with your own shit. I just
no, I mean I don't I don't if I'm offended by something then it was maybe a little a little bit. But for the most part like I just I gallows humour is my thing I guess. I mean I'd be sad to find something to produce yourself. Yeah.
Great.
they
would find
everything.
I
mean, I mean friends Seinfeld family guy scrub like they're all taking it, they're all removing episodes because they're too offensive. Come
on.
Is it everything else that happened before you or is it you I mean come on, it's just so ridiculous. I just don't I don't know what the problem is these days. Like why are people and I say you but I don't mean you but you're like why are people so offended about this? Does it personally installed them or they're protecting they think they're protecting the others. Of social group
character.
Cut.
You see
more you see more like my generation than the newer generation. Like you see more
like you can you can you can take a joke like if you
you
see
if you're
not
offended by you know stereotypes, you know you know things that I'm not trying to insult you. But sometimes funny I mean it's like everyone says like you know the asian population they've they've worn mask forever and and us as you know dumb white made fun of them for for years. Yeah
we're doing it right or pre doing it wrong. You know you can't say that to some people were like whoa what are you trying to assault the asians? The fuck
no
it's
Ayman.
No no but I I don't it's
trying trump excuse my line I'm sorry for my life
but it's trump's bullshit. That's oh it is. Wait you said it's the chinese driver so yeah they I mean they came from them but no. Uh huh. I gotta hate trump I'm sorry if you're if you're a trump supporter.
Uh I hate that man like for oh my god just some of the shit comes out of his mouth is just ridiculous.
He his agenda comes from hating china so everyone should take china. Mhm. Because he's and everything he does or says is for him to make money so
it's
time to get rich and he's using his political platform to do that. His it's very american but doesn't make
it right
Sorry that was kind of a reach but
and then but yeah it's not a it might have started in in china but we can't blame them for this. It got brought here but we could have stopped it and we chose no two. Yeah. So
I
don't.
No
but if you say it uh do you watch john Oliver at all? Yeah
so
I'm
saying that we that all he has to do is say something, he doesn't have to say that he agrees with it but that is out there and that the whole conspiracy theory thing that he always do hang it and people will just just flow with it
and it's I have I worked with somebody who I mean I love the man to his death but he's one of those the five G towers started all this bullshit and and I'm like man I just I can't talk to you about this stuff like we can talk about everyday things but I'll build you a tinfoil hat and that can be there because my God man, I just, all he has to do is just say it and say I don't believe in it but it's there and oh my God,
I'm embarrassed by him to the world
and as himself to Mount Rushmore that's
been going
on
for a year
now. Oh my God.
I just I miss Obama, I miss the way he speaks, I miss his his clarity. He didn't do everything right but I can listen to Obama speak like I could with JFK I can listen to them speak forever trump give me four seconds and I will shut him off no matter what it is, He could be saying. I will give every American $7,000 and I cannot listen to him talk. It's so but I mean financially he has done some things correctly. Yeah
but
I think it was don't talk. He's just he's a douchebag
and that's my problem with.
he didn't
get
what
he got.
Oh he got he got the electoral not popular
because we were just we thought we were tired of politicians until we realized what the anti politician was and now now we want a politician but our other choices biden who is creepy as fuck. So
I
I
I always
think
I
I don't I'm not I'm not voting for trump but if he to keep the normalcy of the country that we deem now during all this covid shit as as as much as I hate to say it. Maybe maybe he is the better option,
biden's creepy. He's he's got a creepy old man vibe. I don't know him him smelling that that kid kind of threw me off a little bit. I don't
know,
he's just he's just weird, I think, I don't if we had a better candidate, like one of the one of the women that were running, I think we're way better. Um and I don't like I don't like biden, I'm fairly liberal, but I don't know if I can vote for biden.
He's
creepy.
No,
I'm doing
it,
I think
But what it
if we're
going
to get the country back to where it should be to maintain normalcy, should we keep it more normal and have the douchebag in office?
I
think
she's going to delay the election and if he loses, he's going to pull an executive order to stay in office because of a national emergency. We don't have a choice, He might be president for the next 12 years. Yeah.
I
don't, he could
jerry, Let's get, let's get Jared in office Jared. Uh, Oh my God, that dude's
Ivanka. Yeah,
there.
Well, he was already put Kushner in charge of the covid task force or whatever that was. I'm not a scientist or doctor in sight. It's just Kushner and a bunch of people that have paid him money. It's uh,
that's
where it's
what we wanted though. We wanted a non politician. Well, we got one. Apparently. I
No, no, I, I
know you
do.
that
was
that was
very entertaining. What's your name anyway?
Dylan Amat.
That's
sweet man. Alright. If I'm ever in Honolulu, I'll look you up. Yeah,
we
cannot be outside together.
All right man.
Good talk, man. I appreciate it.
Mike.