Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. But mhm. Hey hi how are you? Can you hear
me?
I'm good yeah thank you for joining. I was thinking anybody was going to china or not.
there's no problem. You around time at least you join because now the researcher is about to finish their study and I did not get much chance to do the study. How many chad you did?
Portland. That's Nice -31. So my most of the time my partner did not really.
Yeah
That's nice
for
me.
three or 4 times I got I got the chance frequently but they did not show up most of the time. That's the way my name
is magnus. Whatever your what is your name?
Okay now for you where
are you? Where are you look at
In California is the three hour. Yeah
I'm in florida. My name is magnus. Yeah.
Richmond
city.
delicacy. Okay I'm in Jacksonville. Yeah that's nice
girl.
Yeah I find family. Yeah I see. The tennis is around 4-5 hours from Jacksonville. Yeah you California you're like almost sat there
But here 10
years
that's that's California is nice. I vegetated to once. Yes and after that I did not get a chance to stay
there and work there. Yeah it's time but yeah it's good so it's better right now it's good. There
are it's too hot
and
then
Oh if you were smoking so what precaution like local authorities are doing
recommending?
Yeah for for the people who has like any kind of problem and or less people less air is not good quality
and
and how long it takes usually to go this kind stuff?
2 3 weeks too much
you
know.
Is to
you know what's
what's
region?
So what was the region of this this fire?
Because
no it's really dangerous like if that is that big it's just surrounding all the areas with the ashes but a couple of big is really a big fire and dangerous to
very so they should do some like preventive axe and every year before the time so that it has not happened that they're not doing anything looks like that.
And
florida
is good right in and it's very hard though in the evening around 4 to 5 p.m. It's usually rain with thunderstorm every day and after that it's very good
and
yeah yeah now today only I heard the news tropical
x
thomas about to hit florida and they are respecting that can turn up to a hurricane maybe next couple
of days and then we'll come and maybe made next week. I've made mid week. So that's everybody else. I was reading the news. Everybody is scared start tracking so far. I was not tracking because but tropical storm I said okay that's fine. And now if they're respecting it can convert to a hurricane it will be a challenge now. So now I have to start tracking where it's moving or not. Mostly they're saying it let southern part of the florida but it can change any time. Actually the it's rapidly the change if the change the path they can hit up towards the north or even across the complete like the full florida and come towards the north from the south. Yeah.
I'll
see
in Jackson will have one was about to hit around a month before. But at the last 23 days that that just a part in the big one like in Jacksonville was around three years before. That was really a big one. And people went to, people went to Atlanta and all And all the all the area we're not safe. Only June one and 2 were safe and rest all we're not safe. That was a Big 1 3 years after that. So I just moved like that on two years back 2.5 year. So
I did not see that. But people that every year they are saying you don't did not see that but
that was back really? I missed that. May be but after that two for consist Continously two years I'm hearing every time it hit last time but it was not that strong that Chester level two and it went away and then a couple of tropical storm kind of thing. So we did. No I did not see any major hurricane though let's say if it this year it's
cause
fine.
Just good.
Yeah. Really? I don't
want
to
see. Oh really? It it's a really like a big mess. I don't want to see every everything is closing
again
and then people are sitting
down
and go and Costco and walmart a long queue. No water, everything is so taken. This is really bad.
So
not
yes but sometimes if they change their part and all The hit let's see a list. I did not see the part two. We'll see tonight
where it's moving
and how but that's fine is I still know that florida is even safer than southern florida. And even though it's not that much hard, southern part is really hard. I was talking to one of my friend in Miami. That thing is really really hard. Even till 98 or nine pm. They cannot go out. It's too hot. It's
more 310.
terrible.
correct. It's only good environmental because when I vegetate florida I went two times. So one time I went in the winter at that time I went in the March even though much was hard. So when there was really good. So if you go in and somebody somebody general that were really good then you can enjoy the florida. You can spend time long, a lot of time on the beaches and can work on the street. And the other thing is really hard. That's not Syria or something that friends was telling. It's not good. Uh huh. Yeah. And it's the same with the Key West people are saying it's too good just much to go. I
did not
visit
to
your
school.
Never. And
the story
is not. Yeah. No. Really. And if you choose to have wrong time to go, let's say for tourists usually don't know where it is the time to go there. If they did not do any google and they just visit
there. They feel it's really hard and it's not a good place to come. Everybody if they go on the winter then it's fine.
No, no I was in new york for two years and then moved here for 2.5 years.
I
recently
new york was good. I essentially
came to us 4.5 year five year. Toyota Sony hack was good. I was not in city, I was in the Long Island area but though I was going certificate li like Once or two times a month turning around and walking and although it's good, New york is good. Good city downtown is really good. Safe. Can even roam around till midnight. So now today I talked to one of my friend still there living there. They said it's after covid during covid it's not safe. So many homeless people are working on the street and the places where tourists used to go set for a long time. They captured all those public places near the road, near the Empire State, near the Times Square. So those areas
are not good.
Even if we go after 10 or
11
the night
is
not good.
So
Yeah. First target was super bad that every presenter. So now covert is called because they took a
good acts and
complete city was almost closed for two or three week and then Things are good now. No, they're just getting 400-500
day.
Not bad. If you talk about florida every day, 10,000 cases are coming, 12,000 cases are coming to know
nasty presented.
So though that's covered. Thing is good. But the homeless and unemployment is more in new york because many of the business lost their, because if we are doing business in the city area to rent is too costly and all it did not On that much for that three, 23 months. So they stop some of the small
business, some small shops
are closed, people
are
homeless and things are not good.
that's the other problem. If you're not earning for a couple of months of and staying in that area cannot survive even in the dairy state, you can survive with even the small saving. You can live for a couple of months. Yeah.
Let's see how it cause in florida so many cases we are not going out staying home, there's doing online education for kids, working from home that town.
How
are
the situations?
not about you, You're working,
oh you want to study, you are a student. Okay. So you're going to online college, you'll do or you'll go three
on land. Right? That's I think better because in California and then taxing in the florida is in texas.
These are the three body states nights now. And how many cases are there in California is there?
But they were
tonight.
that's the problem. People are staying, still going out doing everything and that they're
thinking
everything is fine and we, it's
safe and some of the county has opened their schools in person, The schools for the small kids
that's
going
to
make,
Oh, that's nice.
Oh, that's good. It's not seen here in the florida because in the florida, you know that governor is a republican. He put a lot of pressure on the context to open the school because trump is sporting presence. You know, all elections are coming. So because of that, he put a lot of pressure
now on a school, open in person, But the good part in my country, what they did, they give the two options, option one going in person, option to doing online. So Children learn form, agree, I don't feel safe here going to school For 7, 8 hours going in a public person. All I I can't feel he will never be making himself safe. So I
in
see
that's
what
correct. So, and you are going to universities, you all can even take precaution. But what about kids? They are definitely not going to take precaution. We're going to maintain expect distance while playing
will not do
classroom
classroom. Are small. So many kids and they ride it's not A G. But that's why I chose, I chose that online option. Just started and see yes
just started that school. Let's see me. When we got to, after a week or two we got a credit report how school is performing is covid is spreading or safe. The school
said
after two
months. Well
you know what
they are doing
product.
Yeah. I heard that when he went though. Only if he was the count. I remember I heard the news that the student got covered in a day one and same happened to one of the private school in my city, Jacksonville. They opened their school and around 40 people got Covid in a week. They all got projective. They were privately schooled
in the county was not having much control over them. And they were middle school,
they
opened
it see so middle school kids can't control and the not so many cases in a week. I can't believe about elementary school. So that's good. I'm not sending my kid. Let's see how long it will go. But we have to get the vaccine comes in.
Start getting yeah. Even though we're not sure how effective vaccine will be. You have to wait and see that reserved how that's working or not. That's
it's
pretty
bad.
couple
of
years. But
good.
Yes. It's almost if you see they started doing research in the month of january itself when state was there in china. So january where they started and now they're putting more resources and money for this vaccine, high demand vaccine. So they said they can get a resultant Production started in 10 months. And I heard the news. Russia claimed the first patient of the vaccine and they said I'm going to start deep production now. So if Tracy a vaccine is really successful and they start the production they'll first give it over to Russia and then they'll start supplying over two years in china. Let's see. So probably number two somewhere in the U. S. Lives also they're saying they started the human trials. So if the human trial er successful maybe we'll get result in a month and they'll start production maybe september september october and they'll get it out december so fully by end of the year will will
have
something.
Yeah But this year is totally gone. This end of this year we cannot do anything so far best for 2021 Before 21 we all say forget vaccine and
we can roam around enjoy
christmas and knowledge. That's right. That's
it
ending.
correct.
That's what happened on the July four weekend. Everybody started going on and it's spreading very very frequently and in the end but it was also a flu region in september october right. So if if he combined with the flu it can be more dangerous now. So let's say that this season is more
like
we
have
to be
made more precaution.
You
got
flow
young
one.
hmm
mm. So that was a floor. That was a
covid
kind
of set
record
here.
Maybe because if it's there in the china in january it's not going to take two months to come to us. People are frequently flying between china and us right every day, tens of people is coming. So it could arrive earlier in january. But no one was aware at that time They took some medicine and it got relief maybe or some of them went to hospital. Maybe they started
flu
or some other or something. Maybe it was covered. And then later when every everywhere in the world the sort of covid covid in they started doing the actual covid testing the march even before March till february. And there was no covid testing in the U. S. That's
why
maybe
who
know
yet?
Yes, correct definitely. Who's not just
categorized
them as fluid. Yeah, that problem. Something maybe that's why it took that was when I was still bad. Let's see. And
even after vaccine, people will be afraid. Me personally will be afraid of that coke. It's not something I got the vaccine. I am so proud of mine. I can go out. I have to make make still Precor sometimes stay safe guards. Vaccine is not something 100 Vaccine usually say OK I'll say a few 50%, Even the flu vaccine says the same thing. It can save you 5060%. Just is not
done
correct. No and just increase some of the immunity. But I still
we
have
to
have
to.
Character
I
heard I was seeing in the new judge. Well some of the people are in a polio vaccine. They are saying I wanted like the long history
proof and every evidence and I don't like vaccine. Maybe vaccine can give me something else a long term this advantage of getting a vaccine.
So
people
are in they are not in favour. I I'm not
why me personally I'm in favour but I'm not I'm not sure about the other people why they are not taking me because of my kids. Maybe I'm in part in favor of taking it. But yes I see a paper.
catholic,
correct definitely. Then if the person who is not going to take we'll
always
feel insecure with him or her, right. Because if you know hit the person is did not take the vaccine isn't, we'll always we cannot go that much in person content. I cannot go personally. So that's the problem. So if we want everyone safe, everyone has to take some kind of precaution preventive steps. It's not something 40% Society is safe and 60 don't care. They have to care for other as well. God this is a very contagious and spreading it very quickly.
That's it. That's the problem. I see. No problem. Change the traffic. How long you're doing the prolific
this
this
year?
that's good. Are you getting a good good studies there? Are you getting it or not at all?
Yeah that's where I me too. I'm not getting that much and I just some day it happens I just read throughout the day in an end of the no story Some day it comes 10 cents
15th and that's it. Not even Prime Minister Study for 50s and That's It. And they're not getting any kind of goddess treaty or a continuous at least few dollars a study daily. No it's not happening to me.
Not
No. So there are two questions like where you are living at the
U. S.
But
we had situation you have so I am a citizen of India as I'm putting that India maybe that one that
could be the region.
Uh So even report the strategy and the U. S. And everything
and then
you
oh so you want the idea that it's not a problem Or maybe because they what I feel they put some kind of criteria before throwing their study and if I think I'm not falling into that criteria maybe because
of the age factor that may be because of the city agency about maybe there is some background. Something is dear, I'm not getting that is steady.
maybe that that could be the everywhere receipt of favorite jam. So that could be the case because I'm trying to get a story sometimes I just wait
I watched the screen if anything comes and nothing that comes up and even it's even further friday Saturdays and then it's really bad
pizza
weekends
are really bad for you don't get anything because
of
the next era
bob.
early in the week. So usually someday I get on the monday and some other day I get on the very next day. Not on the boat. This is what happens. Mm But that's fine. And this this chat was good. Unfortunately. I got it and it was saying repeat is welcome. So I
thought
I
thought
It's not very annoying. Much good actually. And that the report welcome was there. So I'm not sure if I get another chance
or
not. But at Cll filled the availability. I got researcher was saying they're about to close their study. But though he said it maybe we'll come again after a few weeks.
That's
a figure that no
after a few weeks will do the study again. The same kind of talking study. Any any other things we are using Apart from prolific. I just started in my during covered only I started also because before that I was going to office. So when we are going to office it's not possible to do these things. People are sitting around me right. We can't do study and surveys in the office. So I just stayed since I'm working from home or any anything
else
apart similar
like prolific.
You
can try,
I can try
necessary
website.
No,
no.
And then
parola pregnant because I don't want to spend much time because I'm personally, I'm doing my office to in the victor. All right. So
prolific.
What I feel it's it's a good pain. If you spend 15 minutes you get to know the amount at least $1 more than that. Another five minutes they pay good.
But if they're not paying that everyone is not paying, that was not good then
No then it's
fine.
We
don't
even
though
Yeah. So that's what I bought. I also did google only I got it prolific and nothing else like that. Mm Although that's good. At least I just want something to come up on the prolific frequently. Let people come up and it's fine. If does
not
come up with now it's not fine. Let's see That's fine. How much time we spend? We spend 2025 minutes. We need to talk right
28 I think we are
good. Dead right
we're talking to you and have a nice stay and stay safe there in California. I hope if you get a chance we'll talk again sometime. I