SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, hey, I got to jump on a call real quick, but we need to talk
SPEAKER_L: Can you
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: I think this would be a good time. Okay. All right. Take care of you go. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Computer. Hey
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: it? Hi.
SPEAKER_L: How's everything?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: Nor is nor is I know I'm a little early so that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Better to be early than late. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. I know there's a lot that's been going on over there, so.
SPEAKER_R: If you probably
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: have seen in the news, a lot of, um, I'd say, you know, you probably heard a lot about rioting, that type of thing. I think I was talking to somebody yesterday on the chat and it's more about, it's, there's peaceful protests and then then the sun goes down. And then that's when the people with ulterior motives coming start. Really, the rioting type of thing. But you don't really hear about, you know, in the media because then we've then we've got all these arrests and, you know, all that kind of stuff going on. So it's unfortunate that something, a movement that's positive, gets these people who are opportunists and to wreak havoc. So here we are. I don't know how many months were into that
SPEAKER_L: It's still happening a lot in Portland.
SPEAKER_R: every day, every day, every night, every night, we just, we get a little update. I have my little app for KGW Channel eight News in the second and we have not had one day without without writing, I think
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: for 10 weeks now, but it's in a certain area of town. So you just know like, don't, don't go there, usually downtown area and I think they had some of the southeast Portland precinct area, so you just know like after dark, just don't just don't go down
SPEAKER_L: Outside.
SPEAKER_R: there. Yeah, I have teenagers, so I'm like, don't go there, protest, go during the day, you know, we're like on a weekend, but you know, after five, get home and don't be a part of whatever.
SPEAKER_L: there where
SPEAKER_R: you're from
SPEAKER_L: I'm from new york city? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Nice Manhattan new
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: york please. Nice,
SPEAKER_L: it's it's been uh it's been a wild ride. I just remember covid hitting back in into february early March and just being stuck at home for a number of months. But now like I'm slowly starting to feel comfortable and like going outside taking the subway the same time, I'm a little nervous being with all these
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: people that I don't know in one area for a long period of time, but I think it's slowly getting used to it and I feel like things are slowly starting to feel better and I'm more relaxed being out in public but crazy. This has been a crazy year.
SPEAKER_R: it definitely. Oh my name's Day lisa by the way,
SPEAKER_L: I'm chris nice to meet
SPEAKER_R: chris
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: hi, nice to meet you. You know, I think um I mean it's it's interesting that I think kind of the things we took for granted I've been to, you know, never lived in in new york, but you know, I've been there several times and I think things we took for granted, you know, being close to people and you know on the subway or you know, uh whether it's metropolitan transportation, whatever that might be things we kind of took for granted. I interestingly enough, I'm a nurse case manager, but I work for infectious disease and so crazy. I remember in february when my doctors were they were kind of learning what was happening with, I work for a hospital system called providence. And up in Washington State is where it started to hit the west coast. And they started to see the trickle down effect and what was happening. And my doctors were, if anybody wants to ask, is this serious, is this not my doctors, wonderful professionals were terrified. They were like, this is not good. Um kind of you not trickle down and we need to take this seriously. Um Now and then from March on, I've been working from home, still same job. Um but working from home. Um and it's just, yeah, it's kind of your whole world just kind of it's definitely taken a change and from where we were. Um and I don't think we'll ever have the true normal back what we considered normal. That's just my own opinion. I think we'll have a variation of normal, Probably a little more conscientious about communicable diseases. Um but in the long run maybe we'll actually see less colds and flues and other things, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Left
SPEAKER_R: I guess
SPEAKER_L: motion. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: of the positive there
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: um let uh so what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: So that's funny that you're talking about working healthcare and all the experiences that you've been going through since the outbreak. I actually work in the healthcare industry as well. So I'm a project manager at a hospital in New York City and one of my biggest test was project leading the COVID-19 preparedness initiative for organization. Um
SPEAKER_R: Proud.
SPEAKER_L: So everything you're talking about like it resonates with me. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Just because I remember like physicians
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: just breaking out like when we were redeploying them to like the E. D. Um the ice he knew they were like I've refused to do this, I can't do this. And like departments were just freaking out like no one knew what to do because like this has never really happened like in the last
SPEAKER_R: 100.
SPEAKER_L: In the recent 10 years right? 100 years. And I just remember like working with people like who are like way above my pay grade like calling me. They're like chris like what do I do? I'm like it's your job. You need to figure out what to do because I think um when Covid first hit um there were um employees one tested positive and then you know people need to know you know they need environmental services need to clean up the area. And the VP of that hospital was like I don't know what to do and I'm like that's your expertise but maybe
SPEAKER_R: You cut,
SPEAKER_L: like they're just nervous and scared and like not in their right mind set, but like it was frightening for me just to try to be calm and like just show that outward appearance that, you know, I'm here for you, I'll support you and however I can and just like working with a lot of department heads, like it was overwhelming and stressful and like it really takes a toll you, like just seeing like how people in such powerful positions or just they just lose it.
SPEAKER_R: It's, yeah, so I definitely agree in to see that with my physicians where some of them are like for instance, we have dr push who's on the initiative for the Mandamus fear the HIV medication for actually using those on covid 19 positive patients and actually getting them off the ventilators and they survive. And um, I think what I've seen is a lot of, I mean, we all have our own insecurities and vulnerability, but it really came to the fore where healthcare professionals that I had never seen before and I think it was just, it struck that court of feeling vulnerable and where they didn't necessarily feel that way before because everything was, you know, you could kind of um, you could project out, you know, what was going to happen. And but with this, it was just it was interesting and also my own kind of reflecting back on my own reactions to things was just not my norm. Yeah. But I mean as a project manager, I mean, you I love our project managers and our health care system. They keep us together on track and really get our project because otherwise in the healthcare field, if we're trying to get a project together, we're all over the place where like 80 HD and 80 we need project manager to kind of like keep us on task and keep the vision going. So I'm sure that that was pretty scary for you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot of people working with a lot of people with big egos and you know, trying to find a single solution to kind of status or somewhat satisfy everyone's, you know, goals. It's a lot, but you know, things are slowly starting to get better here in New york city. Um the number of cases have stabilized and I don't think it's like even, I still
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: think there are a lot of cases um I know a lot of people during the summer I want to like fire island and were congregating in big groups and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you know, I think a lot of these were younger people who are at home who have been quarantine, quarantine quarantine who actually not have to go to the hospital.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: So I think we're just not documented recording those cases. So it seems like it's low, but
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I think we're measuring it by the number of hospitalizations. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I mean, definitely the number of hospitalizations can show the severity I'm kind of like in my medical background and in my mind and thinking about how like how accurate are the true numbers. Because I do know for a fact that if you have a patient say who's on hospice, who also tests positive for covid 19 on the death certificate, it will say covid 19. So is that what they actually died from? Or is it because they're already on hospice and they maybe had metastatic cancer or something? Is that what really killed them? Or was it the covid 19? Probably. I mean, I would, you know, kind of uh I would estimate that it would probably be what they were on hospice for. Not the covid 19. So how to are the numbers? And we've also known of individually three people had been in contact with a co worker who tested positive. They we have a lot of drive through testing and they had gone to the drive through testing on their lunch break. The wind was too long. So they had filled out the paperwork, um but not actually been tested. So then they left decided, well, we'll come back at a later time. All three of them got letters in the mail that they tested positive, but they didn't even take the test. And that's like something I can actually say.
SPEAKER_L: Entrance.
SPEAKER_R: I get those people, which is really, you know, interesting. It's kind of like, okay, I mean, I get there's human error. Um, and this disease and even how they thought about it when it first started, I mean, I was told it will stay on the surface for up to two hour or the droplets in the air can stay for two hours suspended in the air, which is even worse than tuberculosis. But finally, it doesn't even live that long on surfaces. So I think there's a lot of just this having been so new and just uncharted territory. So I'm just curious what, you know, what are real numbers and like you said, when you're in the hospital with it, that's a whole different story. That gives you more accurate, uh, you know, take on on who has it for sure and why they're in the hospital for it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And doesn't the government have control of the data now?
SPEAKER_R: I do. Yeah. You just even have control over
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: and like, oh well that's dangerous. So you know, you know, who knows. In the end I think I always try to think what's the positive out of all of this. And I'm thinking, I think we'll probably see less flu, less cold people washing their hands, more coughing into their elbow versus their hands. And then,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mm hmm. Oh
SPEAKER_R: so you know, it's um, there's,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: there's got to be some good coming out of it and realizing we're not superior to everything. And there are invisible predators out there, like viruses that I don't think people really understood the whole thing behind viruses to that they knew taped. That's why when they do the flu vaccination every year, they have to do a new one. It's because the viruses have now mutated and so your body won't recognize it. So I think people are becoming more educated hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's a security thing like the bird flu, like in a lot of countries overseas, like I mean the asian area is like there's like a new strain of bird flu that if it if it's a human catches it then it's over. Especially if it comes mutates were covid. Like what, what is the next steps is this going to be like World War Z or something?
SPEAKER_R: Well and I think is you know as far as the United States we've been pretty immune to a lot of things that in other countries have really had to really focusing on as far as wearing masks or I work with HIV population also. And so in africa it's like I mean I don't know the exact statistics but it's pretty bad you're going to know somebody who has HIV and um you know due to the complexity even though there's a medication here you can take once a day normal life over there there's not and um so the chances of you knowing somebody who's died from HIV is 100%. And so they've had to deal with that where we've not had to deal with that, or having to wear masks, like in some of the asian countries, um I think it's it's an eye opener for us that we're vulnerable and that doesn't feel good. Um but what can we learn from that?
SPEAKER_L: At least the people who are accepting in America, right. There are people who think that disease not even real that they don't need to wear masks and they don't need a social distance and it's I feel like that's maybe like 40% of the country.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: cut a scary and especially in our political climate, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: it's like we kind of got a trifecta going on here, something economy uh you know, based, you know, covid because of the, you know, economy, because of the covid, then you got the political climate, it's like, whoa, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like the, not the debate, but the the election at the end of this year, I thought this is going to be accumulation of everything that's happened this year. Like what is it going to go in a worst direction or is it going to go in a better
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: direction? Just like you?
SPEAKER_R: well, underneath pro blm into it too. I mean, you've got this whole, I think we're like at a pivotal point. Um it's really interesting. I mean, when you put all everything that's kind of going on in our country, uh, I mean, it's, it's going to be interesting. I think it's, I'm, I guess maybe more excited than I am kind of because it's like, okay, maybe we'll, you know, see some, you know, see some changes. And I mean, honestly, I've had to, we had a friend who got married recently and he is very anti mask every, you know, I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: don't agree. I would, you know, say, hey, you know, we all have our different opinions, whatever. I can agree to disagree. Um, try not to post on social media, my views or whatever. But he is adamant about no mass and that this is conspiracy and I opted not to attend his wedding. We got him a wedding gift. But I'm like, I told my husband, I said, I work in infectious disease if I get COVID-19 because nobody's social distancing. Nobody's wearing masks at his wedding. They will contact trace me back to his wedding. I said, I can't do that for my own family and myself. I can't do that for my patients. I have that decision that I'll respectfully decline the invitation. Get you a gift. No, I'm still your friend, but I'm not going to attend your wedding.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's, but that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: if you like upset about the that you did not
SPEAKER_R: High
SPEAKER_L: go or understand.
SPEAKER_R: on the day of his wedding, wished him and his wife kelly a happy birthday. I'm not happy birthday, but you know, congratulations on their wedding. And he was like, you didn't even make it. And I go, um, sorry. We weren't able to make it. Just wishing you guys the best. You know, hope you enjoyed your special day. Hear from him. But then I think you also get to see, you know, your true friends, you can agree to disagree. You don't have to always have the same opinions and the out, you know, that's that's okay. I think he's the periphery.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. See, that's one good thing that came out of covid you're
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: learning. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I learned to go, you know, I'm going to really have to think about this and evaluate this. Is this something that I mean yes, I could go, nobody would know. But if I did get it, I mean I have to think about the vulnerable patients that I work with, even though I'm not always direct contact with them, I need to think about that kind of the role that I play at least here locally in anyone or medical community that I have to think about that. And am I willing to accept that responsibility or that humanization?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Do you help to go into the office every day or?
SPEAKER_R: So I have literally not been in the office since uh since March. I have we actually have a wonderful project manager. Um We're working on an initiative that's hopefully it's going to be, I don't know it's you know peer reviewed all of that being one of the infectious disease magazines um or journals about. So I have been going into the hospital and select patients where we work with patients that have a substance use disorder. I. V. Drug use and specifically so math or heroin. Um I also have a co occurring infection that requires I. V. Antibiotics. And historically the patient would have to stay in the hospital for sometimes up to a couple of months in order
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: to complete their therapy because we don't want to send them out with an I. V. Line where they could potentially name, you know if they're used to you know substance use disorder they could mainline their drugs and they could die.
SPEAKER_L: right. Oh, thank you. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So now we're actually doing where we're able to get them you know if they're willing to enter the program help with their substance use disorder through medication, assistant therapy having discharged usually in less than a week. So we save the hospital system a lot of days uh as far as the hospital stays and then um have them go on a it's an I. V. Medication that's once every two weeks. Dozing Devil Vansen. So they'll does well there in the hospital and then we get them into some sort of clean and sober housing, support them with pure support other community resources and then usually only have to complete one or two more doses of the antibiotics. But then also you know working on their treatment and the recovery you know if if they're at that place in their life. So I have been going into the hospitals to meet those patients prior to discharge just so that they know I'm on the outpatient side of things, but I'm not a stranger to them when I'm I'm calling them or trying to get ahold of them, have a little more engagement that way, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's great. I mean there's a lot of great things going on still. I feel like for most for some people, like Kobe doesn't
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: stop them to do, you know what they need to do to help the patient populations and just
SPEAKER_R: Wasn't ready.
SPEAKER_L: to kind of push for a better world and I feel like you still need to live your life. You know, time shouldn't stop for all the craziness that's happening. Um I actually had a call with someone through this better up conversation. He was like, I like, I like got up from florida and moved to Washington because you know like I need to live my life and you know like, I know it's crazy with the whole pandemic and everything going on, but you know like nothing should stop me and I'm like, you know, that's refreshing to hear with everything that's going on. Like I love that. I love that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's interesting because I think it's really made people just kind of, I think we've had a set a pause and reset button, which isn't a bad thing um necessarily. It's like I was talking, well, my age is I just turned 50 so kind of reflecting back on when 9 11 happened, just, you know, major events that really changed things. Um was it awful? Absolutely. Was it didn't change our world? Absolutely. I was telling my kids, hey, by the way, when used to go to the airport you can walk up to the gate and meet your loved ones at the gate. What when was that? Well that was pre 9 11 then 11 happened. Real changing. Um but I think we've had some good come out of that. We realized that we are vulnerable to you know any sort of terrorist attack, whether it be within our own country or outside. Um but that you know we had to make changes but you know probably changes for the better that that you know and we're a little more cautious. So this kind of reminds me of I've just kind of that pause and reset where we've different level different platform but you know
SPEAKER_L: Look at the silver lining with all this.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's always easy to just kind of go through the same old thing and um you know sometimes change is good. I know we don't always like change but you know I got to kind of reflect back on the end. Was that change positive? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do you think of vaccine is going to be made available? I know there's been a lot of discussions around this with
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: fighter and Amgen.
SPEAKER_R: Yes and Gilead is also working on the information um which is interesting so one thing I don't think it's going to be and what I'm hearing from my I. D. Doctors, if we get it before that before 2021 we're gonna be lucky. Um we're gonna be lucky so I see it coming the first of 2021 if we don't get it before then I know that they you know jump through a lot of hoops to not have it be elongated like with you know FDA and all of that, that generally happens as far as approval but still being safe. One thing that they have found is um the HIV drugs are and that's why they're using like Mandamus Fear other things is that it actually, even though it's not a vaccination per se, but it stops that replication uh the of the virus just like it does within HIV and so I think they're doing a lot of research around that to at least treating those people who do have it and then stopping it from progressing toward would be deadly. Um but as far as the vaccination, I've heard that they've done some, they've already started in Russia ah yeah, doing, you know the trials and that and haven't, so I would hope it would come before the end of the year. I'm skeptical.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Can you imagine like with trump's relationship with Russia, he's going to be like, if you don't elect me then you're not going to get that vaccine that Russia created
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like he's like what he's doing with the mail? The mail voting with the USPS.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I noticed the other day one of the mailboxes being picked up and I go, what the heck is going on? I was like
SPEAKER_L: We're having a bad uh
SPEAKER_R: and I could see him just you know, blatantly proclaiming that and saying nothing wrong with it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: He's like in his own reality like he still
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: he still thinks he's on the apprentice or something like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a reality show. Right,
SPEAKER_L: yeah he's good as a reality star. But I mean this is real life. You're like going to be destroying a lot of people's lives or you have been already.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So sometimes I just wish he had just little shot color for him, You know, like, you know, toddlers can sit there and threw a temper tantrum, whatever. They just don't know, you know, what's socially appropriate or how to deal with their emotions. He's kind of like that and this particular dog shock collar on them and they talk, give us that face, There's something inappropriate and just like shop sorry to the people doing the survey.
SPEAKER_L: That is so funny. What do you think about come on here. Kamala Kamala Harris V. P. Nomination. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm actually, you know, I, I'm actually excited. I mean, I think it's just a change. I I worry just from a nursing stamp point. Not that um, not that I don't necessarily agree. I'm like more like a middle of the road person, you know, take some from, you know, everybody like Democratic Republic, independent, whatever. Um and not really don't disagree with Bernie santa, Bernie Sanders
SPEAKER_L: Joe biden.
SPEAKER_R: joe biden about. But sometimes I worry that maybe has a little bit of dementia. So sometimes
SPEAKER_L: I've heard that too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean and I work with a lot of dementia patients to and I kind of see that a little bit, but I think she would like, you know, the president doesn't have all the power anyway, but I think hers like vice president would be like, I think that that would be good. She
SPEAKER_L: You've
SPEAKER_R: needs to recommend.
SPEAKER_L: seen The Hunger Games, right? The movie The Hunger Games. Remember Julianne moore's character
SPEAKER_R: Oh is she the one who was kind of the
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: one that
SPEAKER_L: the Revolution and then she wanted all the power. There's that She's that's going to be a common Harris.
SPEAKER_R: That is too funny. I think she has, I think I'm hoping she has a good head on her shoulders to you know, um
SPEAKER_L: So it's right.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I think it's really interesting and our country, I think one of the, I think it wasn't one of the prolific surveys that I took, um really stop and think about, um, you know, what's happening as far as race in our society and my older son is biracial. So a little background on that. But I'm obviously a white female. Yeah. But it really made me thinking about like advertising and what we market. Um, and
SPEAKER_L: Both.
SPEAKER_R: it talked about different companies anywhere from Nike to H and M. And who does this market to and everything is marketing to a certain population that and there's glimpses of other populations in there. But by and far we just have to admit it's not, you know, where it should be. Um, so, you know, I'm, you know, hopeful that there would just be more, especially to have, you know, a woman of, of color in there is like you go girl,
SPEAKER_L: Right. More representation for sure
SPEAKER_R: right, right. For sure. But yet I'm not
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: like touching. Um I was raised to like not be politically involved to anything. So it's more recently in my adulthood that I've become more having more opinions about things as far as politically. Um I think politics are always interesting of course being about politics even within health care systems that can be in right um That you know, I think it's an exciting time. We'll see what, you know, we'll see what happens.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah crossing my fingers and toes. Uh
SPEAKER_R: How are you feeling about political climate? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know it's it's crazy. I mean I think I just kinda have to wait and sit back and see what happens. I mean I agree with you like I am excited about the whole having more representation um in positions of power. But again like sometimes that doesn't really matter. It's actually what people do
SPEAKER_R: you are.
SPEAKER_L: who are in his roles. Um
SPEAKER_R: Amen.
SPEAKER_L: So that's what I'm actually really looking forward to
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: seeing what joe biden common errors can do if they are, you know, the next President and VP. But we'll see. Um do we say? I think we hit our 25
SPEAKER_R: I have a garnished, We
SPEAKER_L: 31
SPEAKER_R: get 31 minutes actually, wow,
SPEAKER_L: minutes a while.
SPEAKER_R: that was quick. That was that was wonderful. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: It was fun. You know, like I felt like you provide a lot of great insight and it's nice to talk to our fellow healthcare.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Love our project managers. They keep us on task. Thank everything you do.
SPEAKER_L: of course. Thank you, too.
SPEAKER_R: I'll
SPEAKER_L: Take
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: care.
SPEAKER_R: care.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.