Right.
Yeah.
Well, hey, I got to jump on a call real quick, but we need to talk
more.
I think this would be a good time. Okay. All right. Take care of you go. Bye.
Is
it? Hi.
Good. Sorry about that.
Better to be early than late. Right.
Portland Oregon.
If you probably
have seen in the news, a lot of, um, I'd say, you know, you probably heard a lot about rioting, that type of thing. I think I was talking to somebody yesterday on the chat and it's more about, it's, there's peaceful protests and then then the sun goes down. And then that's when the people with ulterior motives coming start. Really, the rioting type of thing. But you don't really hear about, you know, in the media because then we've then we've got all these arrests and, you know, all that kind of stuff going on. So it's unfortunate that something, a movement that's positive, gets these people who are opportunists and to wreak havoc. So here we are. I don't know how many months were into that
every day, every day, every night, every night, we just, we get a little update. I have my little app for KGW Channel eight News in the second and we have not had one day without without writing, I think
for 10 weeks now, but it's in a certain area of town. So you just know like, don't, don't go there, usually downtown area and I think they had some of the southeast Portland precinct area, so you just know like after dark, just don't just don't go down
there. Yeah, I have teenagers, so I'm like, don't go there, protest, go during the day, you know, we're like on a weekend, but you know, after five, get home and don't be a part of whatever.
you're from
Nice Manhattan new
york please. Nice,
all
it definitely. Oh my name's Day lisa by the way,
chris
hi, nice to meet you. You know, I think um I mean it's it's interesting that I think kind of the things we took for granted I've been to, you know, never lived in in new york, but you know, I've been there several times and I think things we took for granted, you know, being close to people and you know on the subway or you know, uh whether it's metropolitan transportation, whatever that might be things we kind of took for granted. I interestingly enough, I'm a nurse case manager, but I work for infectious disease and so crazy. I remember in february when my doctors were they were kind of learning what was happening with, I work for a hospital system called providence. And up in Washington State is where it started to hit the west coast. And they started to see the trickle down effect and what was happening. And my doctors were, if anybody wants to ask, is this serious, is this not my doctors, wonderful professionals were terrified. They were like, this is not good. Um kind of you not trickle down and we need to take this seriously. Um Now and then from March on, I've been working from home, still same job. Um but working from home. Um and it's just, yeah, it's kind of your whole world just kind of it's definitely taken a change and from where we were. Um and I don't think we'll ever have the true normal back what we considered normal. That's just my own opinion. I think we'll have a variation of normal, Probably a little more conscientious about communicable diseases. Um but in the long run maybe we'll actually see less colds and flues and other things, so yeah,
I guess
of the positive there
um let uh so what do you do for work?
Proud.
Mhm,
I mean,
100.
You cut,
It's, yeah, so I definitely agree in to see that with my physicians where some of them are like for instance, we have dr push who's on the initiative for the Mandamus fear the HIV medication for actually using those on covid 19 positive patients and actually getting them off the ventilators and they survive. And um, I think what I've seen is a lot of, I mean, we all have our own insecurities and vulnerability, but it really came to the fore where healthcare professionals that I had never seen before and I think it was just, it struck that court of feeling vulnerable and where they didn't necessarily feel that way before because everything was, you know, you could kind of um, you could project out, you know, what was going to happen. And but with this, it was just it was interesting and also my own kind of reflecting back on my own reactions to things was just not my norm. Yeah. But I mean as a project manager, I mean, you I love our project managers and our health care system. They keep us together on track and really get our project because otherwise in the healthcare field, if we're trying to get a project together, we're all over the place where like 80 HD and 80 we need project manager to kind of like keep us on task and keep the vision going. So I'm sure that that was pretty scary for you. Yeah.
All
All
All
All
Right. I mean, definitely the number of hospitalizations can show the severity I'm kind of like in my medical background and in my mind and thinking about how like how accurate are the true numbers. Because I do know for a fact that if you have a patient say who's on hospice, who also tests positive for covid 19 on the death certificate, it will say covid 19. So is that what they actually died from? Or is it because they're already on hospice and they maybe had metastatic cancer or something? Is that what really killed them? Or was it the covid 19? Probably. I mean, I would, you know, kind of uh I would estimate that it would probably be what they were on hospice for. Not the covid 19. So how to are the numbers? And we've also known of individually three people had been in contact with a co worker who tested positive. They we have a lot of drive through testing and they had gone to the drive through testing on their lunch break. The wind was too long. So they had filled out the paperwork, um but not actually been tested. So then they left decided, well, we'll come back at a later time. All three of them got letters in the mail that they tested positive, but they didn't even take the test. And that's like something I can actually say.
I get those people, which is really, you know, interesting. It's kind of like, okay, I mean, I get there's human error. Um, and this disease and even how they thought about it when it first started, I mean, I was told it will stay on the surface for up to two hour or the droplets in the air can stay for two hours suspended in the air, which is even worse than tuberculosis. But finally, it doesn't even live that long on surfaces. So I think there's a lot of just this having been so new and just uncharted territory. So I'm just curious what, you know, what are real numbers and like you said, when you're in the hospital with it, that's a whole different story. That gives you more accurate, uh, you know, take on on who has it for sure and why they're in the hospital for it. Yeah,
I do. Yeah. You just even have control over
and like, oh well that's dangerous. So you know, you know, who knows. In the end I think I always try to think what's the positive out of all of this. And I'm thinking, I think we'll probably see less flu, less cold people washing their hands, more coughing into their elbow versus their hands. And then,
so you know, it's um, there's,
there's got to be some good coming out of it and realizing we're not superior to everything. And there are invisible predators out there, like viruses that I don't think people really understood the whole thing behind viruses to that they knew taped. That's why when they do the flu vaccination every year, they have to do a new one. It's because the viruses have now mutated and so your body won't recognize it. So I think people are becoming more educated hopefully.
Well and I think is you know as far as the United States we've been pretty immune to a lot of things that in other countries have really had to really focusing on as far as wearing masks or I work with HIV population also. And so in africa it's like I mean I don't know the exact statistics but it's pretty bad you're going to know somebody who has HIV and um you know due to the complexity even though there's a medication here you can take once a day normal life over there there's not and um so the chances of you knowing somebody who's died from HIV is 100%. And so they've had to deal with that where we've not had to deal with that, or having to wear masks, like in some of the asian countries, um I think it's it's an eye opener for us that we're vulnerable and that doesn't feel good. Um but what can we learn from that?
It's
gonna
cut a scary and especially in our political climate, you know? Yeah,
it's like we kind of got a trifecta going on here, something economy uh you know, based, you know, covid because of the, you know, economy, because of the covid, then you got the political climate, it's like, whoa, mm hmm.
Well,
well, underneath pro blm into it too. I mean, you've got this whole, I think we're like at a pivotal point. Um it's really interesting. I mean, when you put all everything that's kind of going on in our country, uh, I mean, it's, it's going to be interesting. I think it's, I'm, I guess maybe more excited than I am kind of because it's like, okay, maybe we'll, you know, see some, you know, see some changes. And I mean, honestly, I've had to, we had a friend who got married recently and he is very anti mask every, you know, I
don't agree. I would, you know, say, hey, you know, we all have our different opinions, whatever. I can agree to disagree. Um, try not to post on social media, my views or whatever. But he is adamant about no mass and that this is conspiracy and I opted not to attend his wedding. We got him a wedding gift. But I'm like, I told my husband, I said, I work in infectious disease if I get COVID-19 because nobody's social distancing. Nobody's wearing masks at his wedding. They will contact trace me back to his wedding. I said, I can't do that for my own family and myself. I can't do that for my patients. I have that decision that I'll respectfully decline the invitation. Get you a gift. No, I'm still your friend, but I'm not going to attend your wedding.
Yes, that's, but that's okay.
High
on the day of his wedding, wished him and his wife kelly a happy birthday. I'm not happy birthday, but you know, congratulations on their wedding. And he was like, you didn't even make it. And I go, um, sorry. We weren't able to make it. Just wishing you guys the best. You know, hope you enjoyed your special day. Hear from him. But then I think you also get to see, you know, your true friends, you can agree to disagree. You don't have to always have the same opinions and the out, you know, that's that's okay. I think he's the periphery.
Hi,
I learned to go, you know, I'm going to really have to think about this and evaluate this. Is this something that I mean yes, I could go, nobody would know. But if I did get it, I mean I have to think about the vulnerable patients that I work with, even though I'm not always direct contact with them, I need to think about that kind of the role that I play at least here locally in anyone or medical community that I have to think about that. And am I willing to accept that responsibility or that humanization?
So I have literally not been in the office since uh since March. I have we actually have a wonderful project manager. Um We're working on an initiative that's hopefully it's going to be, I don't know it's you know peer reviewed all of that being one of the infectious disease magazines um or journals about. So I have been going into the hospital and select patients where we work with patients that have a substance use disorder. I. V. Drug use and specifically so math or heroin. Um I also have a co occurring infection that requires I. V. Antibiotics. And historically the patient would have to stay in the hospital for sometimes up to a couple of months in order
to complete their therapy because we don't want to send them out with an I. V. Line where they could potentially name, you know if they're used to you know substance use disorder they could mainline their drugs and they could die.
So now we're actually doing where we're able to get them you know if they're willing to enter the program help with their substance use disorder through medication, assistant therapy having discharged usually in less than a week. So we save the hospital system a lot of days uh as far as the hospital stays and then um have them go on a it's an I. V. Medication that's once every two weeks. Dozing Devil Vansen. So they'll does well there in the hospital and then we get them into some sort of clean and sober housing, support them with pure support other community resources and then usually only have to complete one or two more doses of the antibiotics. But then also you know working on their treatment and the recovery you know if if they're at that place in their life. So I have been going into the hospitals to meet those patients prior to discharge just so that they know I'm on the outpatient side of things, but I'm not a stranger to them when I'm I'm calling them or trying to get ahold of them, have a little more engagement that way, so. Yeah.
No.
Wasn't ready.
Well, it's interesting because I think it's really made people just kind of, I think we've had a set a pause and reset button, which isn't a bad thing um necessarily. It's like I was talking, well, my age is I just turned 50 so kind of reflecting back on when 9 11 happened, just, you know, major events that really changed things. Um was it awful? Absolutely. Was it didn't change our world? Absolutely. I was telling my kids, hey, by the way, when used to go to the airport you can walk up to the gate and meet your loved ones at the gate. What when was that? Well that was pre 9 11 then 11 happened. Real changing. Um but I think we've had some good come out of that. We realized that we are vulnerable to you know any sort of terrorist attack, whether it be within our own country or outside. Um but that you know we had to make changes but you know probably changes for the better that that you know and we're a little more cautious. So this kind of reminds me of I've just kind of that pause and reset where we've different level different platform but you know
yeah it's always easy to just kind of go through the same old thing and um you know sometimes change is good. I know we don't always like change but you know I got to kind of reflect back on the end. Was that change positive? Yeah.
I.
Yes and Gilead is also working on the information um which is interesting so one thing I don't think it's going to be and what I'm hearing from my I. D. Doctors, if we get it before that before 2021 we're gonna be lucky. Um we're gonna be lucky so I see it coming the first of 2021 if we don't get it before then I know that they you know jump through a lot of hoops to not have it be elongated like with you know FDA and all of that, that generally happens as far as approval but still being safe. One thing that they have found is um the HIV drugs are and that's why they're using like Mandamus Fear other things is that it actually, even though it's not a vaccination per se, but it stops that replication uh the of the virus just like it does within HIV and so I think they're doing a lot of research around that to at least treating those people who do have it and then stopping it from progressing toward would be deadly. Um but as far as the vaccination, I've heard that they've done some, they've already started in Russia ah yeah, doing, you know the trials and that and haven't, so I would hope it would come before the end of the year. I'm skeptical.
I
yeah, I noticed the other day one of the mailboxes being picked up and I go, what the heck is going on? I was like
and I could see him just you know, blatantly proclaiming that and saying nothing wrong with it. Yeah,
there
is.
Yeah, it's a reality show. Right,
Yeah. So sometimes I just wish he had just little shot color for him, You know, like, you know, toddlers can sit there and threw a temper tantrum, whatever. They just don't know, you know, what's socially appropriate or how to deal with their emotions. He's kind of like that and this particular dog shock collar on them and they talk, give us that face, There's something inappropriate and just like shop sorry to the people doing the survey.
Uh I'm actually, you know, I, I'm actually excited. I mean, I think it's just a change. I I worry just from a nursing stamp point. Not that um, not that I don't necessarily agree. I'm like more like a middle of the road person, you know, take some from, you know, everybody like Democratic Republic, independent, whatever. Um and not really don't disagree with Bernie santa, Bernie Sanders
joe biden about. But sometimes I worry that maybe has a little bit of dementia. So sometimes
yeah, I mean and I work with a lot of dementia patients to and I kind of see that a little bit, but I think she would like, you know, the president doesn't have all the power anyway, but I think hers like vice president would be like, I think that that would be good. She
needs to recommend.
Oh is she the one who was kind of the
one that
That is too funny. I think she has, I think I'm hoping she has a good head on her shoulders to you know, um
you know, I think it's really interesting and our country, I think one of the, I think it wasn't one of the prolific surveys that I took, um really stop and think about, um, you know, what's happening as far as race in our society and my older son is biracial. So a little background on that. But I'm obviously a white female. Yeah. But it really made me thinking about like advertising and what we market. Um, and
it talked about different companies anywhere from Nike to H and M. And who does this market to and everything is marketing to a certain population that and there's glimpses of other populations in there. But by and far we just have to admit it's not, you know, where it should be. Um, so, you know, I'm, you know, hopeful that there would just be more, especially to have, you know, a woman of, of color in there is like you go girl,
right, right. For sure. But yet I'm not
like touching. Um I was raised to like not be politically involved to anything. So it's more recently in my adulthood that I've become more having more opinions about things as far as politically. Um I think politics are always interesting of course being about politics even within health care systems that can be in right um That you know, I think it's an exciting time. We'll see what, you know, we'll see what happens.
How are you feeling about political climate? Yeah.
you are.
Amen.
No.
I have a garnished, We
get 31 minutes actually, wow,
that was quick. That was that was wonderful. Thank you.
Absolutely. Love our project managers. They keep us on task. Thank everything you do.
I'll
take
care.