Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm Yeah, Thank you. Yeah.
Can you
get
Computer. Hey
there.
How's everything?
Nor is nor is I know I'm a little early so that's fine.
Exactly. Where are you calling from?
Oh, nice. I know there's a lot that's been going on over there, so.
No.
It's still happening a lot in Portland.
my
Outside.
there where
I'm from new york city? Yeah,
man.
it's it's been uh it's been a wild ride. I just remember covid hitting back in into february early March and just being stuck at home for a number of months. But now like I'm slowly starting to feel comfortable and like going outside taking the subway the same time, I'm a little nervous being with all these
people that I don't know in one area for a long period of time, but I think it's slowly getting used to it and I feel like things are slowly starting to feel better and I'm more relaxed being out in public but crazy. This has been a crazy year.
I'm chris nice to meet
you.
Left
motion. Mhm.
I don't know.
So that's funny that you're talking about working healthcare and all the experiences that you've been going through since the outbreak. I actually work in the healthcare industry as well. So I'm a project manager at a hospital in New York City and one of my biggest test was project leading the COVID-19 preparedness initiative for organization. Um
So everything you're talking about like it resonates with me. Um
Just because I remember like physicians
just breaking out like when we were redeploying them to like the E. D. Um the ice he knew they were like I've refused to do this, I can't do this. And like departments were just freaking out like no one knew what to do because like this has never really happened like in the last
In the recent 10 years right? 100 years. And I just remember like working with people like who are like way above my pay grade like calling me. They're like chris like what do I do? I'm like it's your job. You need to figure out what to do because I think um when Covid first hit um there were um employees one tested positive and then you know people need to know you know they need environmental services need to clean up the area. And the VP of that hospital was like I don't know what to do and I'm like that's your expertise but maybe
like they're just nervous and scared and like not in their right mind set, but like it was frightening for me just to try to be calm and like just show that outward appearance that, you know, I'm here for you, I'll support you and however I can and just like working with a lot of department heads, like it was overwhelming and stressful and like it really takes a toll you, like just seeing like how people in such powerful positions or just they just lose it.
lot of people working with a lot of people with big egos and you know, trying to find a single solution to kind of status or somewhat satisfy everyone's, you know, goals. It's a lot, but you know, things are slowly starting to get better here in New york city. Um the number of cases have stabilized and I don't think it's like even, I still
think there are a lot of cases um I know a lot of people during the summer I want to like fire island and were congregating in big groups and
you know, I think a lot of these were younger people who are at home who have been quarantine, quarantine quarantine who actually not have to go to the hospital.
So I think we're just not documented recording those cases. So it seems like it's low, but
I think we're measuring it by the number of hospitalizations. Right.
Entrance.
And doesn't the government have control of the data now?
Thanks.
Yeah. Mm hmm. Oh
And
Right. It's a security thing like the bird flu, like in a lot of countries overseas, like I mean the asian area is like there's like a new strain of bird flu that if it if it's a human catches it then it's over. Especially if it comes mutates were covid. Like what, what is the next steps is this going to be like World War Z or something?
At least the people who are accepting in America, right. There are people who think that disease not even real that they don't need to wear masks and they don't need a social distance and it's I feel like that's maybe like 40% of the country.
I don't
know.
Oh yeah. What?
I feel like the, not the debate, but the the election at the end of this year, I thought this is going to be accumulation of everything that's happened this year. Like what is it going to go in a worst direction or is it going to go in a better
direction? Just like you?
All
All right. I
if you like upset about the that you did not
go or understand.
That's good. See, that's one good thing that came out of covid you're
learning. Yeah.
Right. Right. Do you help to go into the office every day or?
It's
right. Oh, thank you. Okay.
that's great. I mean there's a lot of great things going on still. I feel like for most for some people, like Kobe doesn't
stop them to do, you know what they need to do to help the patient populations and just
to kind of push for a better world and I feel like you still need to live your life. You know, time shouldn't stop for all the craziness that's happening. Um I actually had a call with someone through this better up conversation. He was like, I like, I like got up from florida and moved to Washington because you know like I need to live my life and you know like, I know it's crazy with the whole pandemic and everything going on, but you know like nothing should stop me and I'm like, you know, that's refreshing to hear with everything that's going on. Like I love that. I love that. Yeah.
Look at the silver lining with all this.
do you think of vaccine is going to be made available? I know there's been a lot of discussions around this with
fighter and Amgen.
Yeah. Can you imagine like with trump's relationship with Russia, he's going to be like, if you don't elect me then you're not going to get that vaccine that Russia created
like he's like what he's doing with the mail? The mail voting with the USPS.
We're having a bad uh
He's like in his own reality like he still
I think
he still thinks he's on the apprentice or something like
yeah he's good as a reality star. But I mean this is real life. You're like going to be destroying a lot of people's lives or you have been already.
That is so funny. What do you think about come on here. Kamala Kamala Harris V. P. Nomination. Yeah.
Joe biden.
I've heard that too. Yeah.
You've
seen The Hunger Games, right? The movie The Hunger Games. Remember Julianne moore's character
from
the Revolution and then she wanted all the power. There's that She's that's going to be a common Harris.
So it's right.
Both.
Right. More representation for sure
I think
Yeah crossing my fingers and toes. Uh
You know it's it's crazy. I mean I think I just kinda have to wait and sit back and see what happens. I mean I agree with you like I am excited about the whole having more representation um in positions of power. But again like sometimes that doesn't really matter. It's actually what people do
who are in his roles. Um
So that's what I'm actually really looking forward to
seeing what joe biden common errors can do if they are, you know, the next President and VP. But we'll see. Um do we say? I think we hit our 25
31
minutes a while.
It was fun. You know, like I felt like you provide a lot of great insight and it's nice to talk to our fellow healthcare.
of course. Thank you, too.
Take
care.
Bye.