SPEAKER_L: Mhm mm. Well mhm, mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Problem. Right. Just thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that, everybody. Mhm. Mr come on. Uh huh. Yeah, we're looking to do. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. one of the questions doing, yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. I want yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, it took me a second to get my laptop going.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Oh no worries. I was just I was like maybe I'm being stood up for this
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: great conversation.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: My name is Ariel, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: trinity.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Um Where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from michigan, so Yeah. Where
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: are you from?
SPEAKER_L: live in Brooklyn in new york city. I
SPEAKER_R: okay. What happened? So
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm in a very residential part of Brooklyn, so I'm not in like a really hustle and bustle, like very busy kind of place, like it looks sort of suburban where I am,
SPEAKER_R: okay? Is everything like really locked down over there because the commandments?
SPEAKER_L: like yes and no um I mean like every time I leave the house like to go to the grocery store or something, there's definitely a lot of people out. Um You know everyone everyone wears masks for the most part sometimes people don't, but I mean we're supposed to be pretty locked down um You know, I mean nothing's open certainly, but sometimes like walking around my neighborhood because it's not super busy to begin with, like it doesn't look any less busy but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you would like you know that something was happening because people are wearing masks around. Um It was really really nice here, I think it was two weekends ago and I live I live like 20 minutes from a pretty big park and I walked over to the park and it was quite crowded. Um And I mean I guess like everyone's wearing masks and kind of doing their thing and I really like looking at the crowds of people, you have no idea if the people who are hanging out together are like sheltering in place together. Um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So like maybe they're not breaking social distancing, like who knows? But yeah, so there are times where you like it's very obvious that the world outside is very strange and then there are times where it feels very normal. Um But yeah it's weird. Um you know I usually commute an hour to work to midtown Manhattan on the subway and um the fact that I haven't been on a train in two months is crazy because I take the subway usually multiple times a day. Um like I've only exist and I don't have a car because it doesn't really, it would make sense for me to have one, so I haven't been I've only been wherever I can walk on foot for the last two months, which is sort of weird. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: gosh, that's so different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What, where? Yeah. What is it like where you are?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm I'm in college so like everything, I moved online,
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you get
SPEAKER_R: I came back home and I've just been like, so I live with my parents and two sisters just been like hanging out with my family. I mean it's not really when you go outside, like everyone has masks on, but like, it's not like I was really going anywhere anyways, I'm just, it's not too bad. And then I went up like two days ago back up to my like college town just because I've been inside for like a month, just got bored and up there. It's like it's way different because here I live in Oakland County in Michigan, which is like one of the really bad play. I mean like there are a lot of cases here, so I would like more cautious and then up and East Lansing, which is where I go to school. There aren't that many cases. So everyone's walking around out there without masks on. Like I went to 7 11 and no one had a mask on except me and my friend and I was like, okay, this is up here. It seems like nothing is happening, but like home, it's different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I feel like a lot of places probably, I mean I know that I think it was Wisconsin where they they like got rid of all the social distancing orders and they showed on the news, all these people like packed into bars and all of this stuff like I think
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: nights ago. Um which is crazy. I mean like I also I live alone which is great, like I'm very introverted, I love spending time alone, but like the thought that I haven't really been around another person in two months, it's like crazy. Um You know because I like I don't live with anybody and I don't go to an office anymore. Um and I actually have a
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: few friends who live in the area and so I've taken walks with them periodically where we like, you know, everyone's wearing masks and we tried to kind of stay a few feet apart from each other as we like walk around by the park or just like through the neighborhood. And that's been really nice because I don't I don't have any in person conversations anymore, you know, uh like I'm on I'm on video calls pretty much all day for work because we work remotely. Um So I'm always talking to people, I'm never talking to people in person and I don't mind it that much because again, like I pretty much enjoy spending time alone, but it's just it's just weird to
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: like not be around to have never been around other people. It's let me see.
SPEAKER_R: I'm just because I don't know like a lot of my friends came home and they don't have any siblings or anything or like their parents are, my parents always worked from home. So like I know a lot of people made the transition to like start working from home. But ever since I was little, my parents have work from home. So I mean really, it wasn't a big shift for my family. I feel like like me and my sister just came home from college. My other sister was already here. We're just hanging out with the family is like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: You're doing your normal saying?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty much.
SPEAKER_L: What where are you in college?
SPEAKER_R: I'll be a junior. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: So at least it's not, I think I'd be really sad if it was like your senior year and you just missed like your last semester. Just like got cut off
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, that
SPEAKER_L: woman.
SPEAKER_R: would suck. And my sister, um, she'll be going to the same school as me next year. She'll be a freshman
SPEAKER_L: Boom.
SPEAKER_R: and midnight marjorie my dog. Oh, sorry, wait,
SPEAKER_L: L. A.
SPEAKER_R: let me shut
SPEAKER_L: Yang.
SPEAKER_R: my way.
SPEAKER_L: I always want to help people stars. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So we don't know if like fall semester is going to be online and she's like super stressed about it because she's gonna be freshmen. And she's like, oh, I don't know if I like take a year off or what I'll do and she's supposed to run track. So she's like, okay, do I just take half, like she doesn't know what she's gonna do, but I already said like a false message online. I'm just, I'm going to take a semester off and just work or something because first of my junior year, like I'm going to school to be a civil engineer and a lot of my classes this upcoming year have labs. I don't wanna take those online. Like suppose like I'll just take a semester off. I don't really care about graduating just differently.
SPEAKER_L: college is so fun that like, and the fun part of college is not the part where you take classes. It's like where you're on the campus of everyone's your age and your like partying and just socializing and like doing stupid stuff with your friends. Like I wouldn't I wouldn't want to miss that either. You know? And like especially or like being a freshman to you don't like there'd be there's like no appeal to start in college just with classes and not with the fun part. You don't
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: need to like meet anybody taking virtual classes. So it's like
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: why not
SPEAKER_R: for you
SPEAKER_L: delay
SPEAKER_R: and she'll miss like the orientation.
SPEAKER_L: created
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't really like orientation, but she'll miss that. And then we have this
SPEAKER_L: history.
SPEAKER_R: thing because I go to Msu so we have this thing called likes participation because we're spar ends and that's like all the clubs are all there and you just sign up for a bunch of clubs and then like that's how I started on ski team and that's how like I I don't even know scheme was a thing and like that's how I found out about it. And now I'm like, I'm on the board for it. And so I'm like, you're gonna miss that and that's like a really big thing at the school, so Oh well, I don't know, we'll see I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Like if your if your parents are fine with you living at home for that six months, like you may as well just take off this semester and then go back. Like when hopefully things are normal again like next year. Um Msu is michigan state. You guys are really good basketball. I
SPEAKER_R: And then my
SPEAKER_L: don't want, I don't follow college basketball, but I love March Madness. I always see them like I love the process of making a bracket and I feel like they're always they're always in March Madness and they're always like, what are the top contenders? I feel like.
SPEAKER_R: we're pretty good at basketball. And then my sister goes to U. Of M so we're like rivals, like our family split, but it's kind of funny. So are you from, are you originally from new york? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: technically. Yes, I mean I was born here and I lived here until I was eight and then my parents, we moved to New Jersey in the suburbs, so like I mostly grew up in New Jersey, but I'm from the city originally. Um My parents are both native new Yorkers, like they both grew up in the city and so they very much feel that my brother and I should both identify as new Yorkers because there's like a street cred to that over like being from the suburbs in New Jersey, which is boring. Uh but like I kind of feel like where you grow up is really sort of like where you go, where you went to high school and I definitely did not go to high school here. Um But yes, I'm from this area originally, um I went to college in boston, but aside from that pretty much always lived, I mean like in new york city um I don't know and I like never really contemplated moving anywhere else. It's great here. Maybe
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: friend.
SPEAKER_L: now. Not right now is not the time to be in new york professor at the time. It's really nice, very
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exciting. But uh yeah, it's weird. I mean every time I talk to anybody, like any of my friends who don't live here, they're just like what is your life like? I think of new a lot because I know that new york is like like a quarter of the covid deaths I think in this country. And um I don't know
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: as far as confirmed cases of people who haven't died. But uh I mean that's sort of like the one
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: main
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: drawback
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: of working in a place that's really crowded is everyone can, you know, diseases can spread quite uh quite rapidly. But yeah, it's still um it's been weird. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can't, I can't even imagine like being in new york right now because it's just such a busy area I feel like and then just like turns off like that.
SPEAKER_L: I have been dying to go to, have you been to New york city?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have.
SPEAKER_L: I've been I've been dying to go to like Times Square and the other really busy areas, which is like not a place I would ever actively want to go. Times Square normally, like is terrible if you are from here because it's so crowded and it's all tourists and if you're just trying to get from point A to point B. If you have to walk through Times Square, like you have to walk so much slower because it's crowded. But I mean I hear that it's really dead obviously because like for obvious reasons I've been dying to go there um Just to kind of see just to see it really empty. Um I haven't because like it doesn't feel like an essential errand. Um And if I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: wanted to go I would either have to get on the train which really doesn't feel like a good idea
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: or take an Uber which probably cost a lot. Um But yeah it's like it's really strange. I mean I have um most of
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: my friends are working from home now but I have one friend who works for the office of the chief medical examiner which is the city department um that basically is in charge of the cities like dead bodies. Um And yeah I didn't really know before he started working there that that's like a department but I assume every city probably has one. Um They they are in charge of like dead bodies for people that die of like uh I don't know how to categorize them. Like if someone is found dead alone in their apartment or if somebody jumps off the bridge and like is found in the water. Like people who dive
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: weird, like not people who die in hospitals very monitored. Um And they also are very much on high alert during um like chrissie, so when we've had like projected hurricanes or snowstorms or even like heat waves,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like times when people kind of diet higher rates than normal. Um they like manage those dead people and like part of his job over the last two months helping to set up um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: temporary marks outside of some of the city's hospitals because they like the hospitals don't have the capacity to keep all the dead bodies that are like around because of the pandemic. So they bring in a bunch of refrigerated trucks and they've set up. I haven't seen them in person because I don't live near. Actually. I could probably walk to a hospital from here. There's one maybe like three miles. But um at a bunch of these things hospital you they bring in like refrigerated trucks and they have like tents and stuff and they're basically like holding places for dead bodies that the hospital morgues or little refrigerated rooms don't have room for any more. So it's weird to think that like I
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: sit here at work at work
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: um I'm in like sweat pants or pajama pants and then like a nice ish shirt usually because I'm working for like no one can see below like shirt, so I'm like in my cozy pajamas and I never leave the house and then my friend is like setting up dead body holding place.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: It's really weird. Um
SPEAKER_R: look,
SPEAKER_L: But uh yeah, I mean otherwise like you know everyone I know is healthy which is nice. Um So that's that's good I guess. Um
SPEAKER_R: I feel like when this whole thing like when it started I didn't take it serious to be honest. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: thought
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: no I don't want anyone. Did you know I mean like until because I think at first everyone was sort of like oh just wash your hands and you'll be fine. Nobody knew really or I don't know that we didn't know because it did hit other countries first. So I think we all I think we all didn't take it seriously.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They when
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: they announced that our school was going to be online like me and all my friends are like yeah, like oh we don't have to go to classes anymore, it's all online. Woo hoo. And then um my family was going to florida for spring break and they're like oh you can come with us now, you don't have to go to school. Like over we're planning this whole thing for me to go now. And then when I came, when I packed everything up, and then I went home, my mom like, she's like, okay actually, like your uncle's in the hospital and he's on a ventilator
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: and I don't want you going anywhere. Like, we're not going on vacation anymore. Like, I just think we should stay in the house. And then I was like, that's when I was like, wait, what? I was like, okay, maybe this is more serious than I thought. And then my friend's grandma ended up being in the hospital and then her mom and then just more and more people like I knew were being in the hospital or being diagnosed with Covid, and I was just like, okay. Yeah. I was like, all right. So let me just stay inside. Like, my mom was like, I'm sorry if you think I'm being super strict. And I was like, no, I don't think you're being strict. Like we actually do need to stay inside and be safe because this is clearly more serious than we thought it was.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Is your your uncle? Okay?
SPEAKER_R: No, he he passed
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: away,
SPEAKER_L: anyway
SPEAKER_R: so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: worry that's awful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thanks. It's yeah, that was like a month ago. That was when it first happened. And it's just, it's just weird because like with funerals, we can't really have a lot of people there.
SPEAKER_L: Can you any can you do you what do you what do you do for that?
SPEAKER_R: The place that they were looking at, they said that only 10 people could attend.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: So, um, mm we didn't really, we didn't do anything and there were like, okay, we'll do something later when things start to open back up because his wife had Covid uh, when like, at the same time. So like even if we had a funeral during that time, like she wouldn't be able to go because she had Covid and then everyone was just like, okay, like my whole family went on this big zoom call and just discuss like what we were going to do and we're just like, okay, we're just gonna wait till this hopefully comes down, but we don't know when that's going to happen now. I feel like it's been so long.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I think it's still like it really depends on your state. I think it's still going to be a while before it's done. You know I think a lot of people say that like there's going to be a second wave which certainly is going to happen if people like are going out to bars one. Yeah. I mean we especially obviously in new york city because we have so many cases of it. Uh they're starting to reopen some parts of new york state like the places like not the city. Um There's a whole list of metrics that I think a region has to hit in order to be able to even consider reopening. And it's like you have to have had a declining number of cases for x amount of days in a row. You have to have a certain percentage of I. C. U. Beds and ventilators free. And obviously new york city is probably going to be the last place in the state to hit all of those markers. Um We were and then even once the city starts to reopen they do it in a in phases. So they start with like construction manufacturing and then the stuff that actually like restaurants and business and like smaller businesses I think comes later. And we were taking bets today at work as to when we think our office will reopen. Um Not even fully but even to let anyone back in because like um we don't we don't know yet how they're going to reopen. There's trying to think about that now but they'll probably do it in phases. So maybe like half the staff comes in or whatever that you know like I don't think they're gonna just reopen one day and everyone's gonna come back. But we were taking bets on when like the first people will be let back in and we, The bets ranged from I think the earliest anyone said was September one and the latest anybody said was January. Which is so nuts. Uh To think that like I think January is very late. I don't, I think my guess was like October one when they might start letting whatever a certain percentage of staff in each day. I don't know how they would figure that out, like who comes in and who doesn't. But um and like maybe I'm wrong, maybe it is january and that's so insane to think that like, like I know a lot of people work from home all the time, but because I like my job, even though most of us just sit at a computer all day and we could be remote, we typically like they have a pretty strict work from home policy. So like some people might work from home once every blue moon for the most part, we're all in the office all the time. And so like my coworkers, I haven't seen them since March and I'm not going to see them until I don't know when. And so that's very strange. Especially because like when we left they were doing um it was only intended for at least two weeks. They were like okay, we're
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: all going to be working remotely for two weeks and then we'll like see what happens. And
SPEAKER_R: I?
SPEAKER_L: we didn't necessarily think we would come back after two weeks. But I think in March when our ceo was like everyone's going to start working from home next week for two weeks and we'll see like, I don't think anyone anticipated that, like okay, bye. I'll see you in january, you know? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's just so far from now. It's like, but you never know like you don't know what's going to happen. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean, I think like, I don't know what people were saying, they're like, well I think, I think I left like a dirty coffee mug on my desk and if I knew we weren't going to be back for seven months, I would have washed it or whatever, stuff like that. Like I have a water bottle on my desk which like the water in it I guess will be clean but stagnant or something. We come back, I get out, you know? But I don't think anyone knew that we were going to be gone for that long, but I love working from home. I wish honestly that I could work from home more often. It's great like not putting on real close like to go to work. It's really amazing. Um Like if, if, if this situation in life right now did not come with a side of like really terrible things happening out in the world, like I beat all about it.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: feel like um I read an article the other day about how um people are saying that like working at home versus working like in an office, like they can do the same thing and then like that they were hoping that their job just like let's some work from home from now on. Do you just want to like do you want to go back or do you just like if you could just switch to being at home all the time, what would you rather do?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I think mind ideal, I would like to come into the office sometimes because I do genuinely enjoy interacting with some of my co workers. And um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we have really good food in my office. I worked for a very, pretty large nonprofit and because we have donors coming into the building all the time for all sorts
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: of like meetings and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: all that stuff we have in house catering. And um, there's always leftover food from meetings and that's a real reason to want to be in the office. But they do have really good food and it's really nice look nonprofit sector. Like we don't necessarily get paid all that much. So it's a really nice benefit to every so often. Get an email from someone that's like free leftover luncheon conference room seven, everyone's like, oh man, I wonder like what, like which of the things from the menu? It is. Um I do genuinely like also again like talking to a lot of my coworkers. Um I also have a much better ergonomic setup at work, like I have a chair that's better, like a much nicer chair and it's just easier to like sit at that desk all day. Um But I do again, I mean if my ideal would definitely be to work from home, I don't know, at least one or two days a week, you know, like if I could if I could commute three days and work from home two days, that would be great. Um Because I do commute, I mean it's about an hour each way, which is certainly not as bad as some people have it, like I have co workers who commute in from like Connecticut or wherever, and they commute like two hours each way, which to me is insane. Um but it's annoying to commute an hour to work each way, you know, it takes a lot of time out of your day, and I realize now that I'm not commuting how much more time I have to do other things. Um Like, well I have a lot more time to exercise and cook actual meals instead of eating like peanut butter on bread for dinner. Um And that's really nice, but yeah, I mean, most of my job can definitely be done remotely, I mean, I'm I'm just, I mean, I'm just like sitting at a computer like this all day. Um It's yeah, but how do you like taking online classes? I never had done that. I think I would have a hard time like focusing.
SPEAKER_R: Uh It depends on the class because two of my classes this semester were labs, like one of the class, the only time that we met was for the lab and then instead they were just like okay we're going to give you the measurements and you just have to figure out how to calculate things. But but we're learning how to use like new equipment because the equipment that they use, I like never used before, like a test. I don't know if you've ever heard of that, but it's just like to measure angles and stuff for like construction and things like that. And the measurements are different. Like the angles, not just like degrees, it's like degrees, minutes and something else. Like there are like three parts and it's just really weird. So I did not like that class online, but then like, Okay, if we're being 100% honest, my couch for class, this is my last math class. And that if I'm like that turning online, I feel like that just made it easier for me to cheat to be honest. I just because they have like online calculators that you had to do something. And so I would just go on the online calculator and do it and I didn't really care because it was my last call class. Like I've taken 133 this was the fourth one last month. It's like, it's not like anything was going to build off that other than physics kind of, but so I don't really care. So I was just like, okay, I'm just gonna cheat. And that brought
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: up grade.
SPEAKER_L: like also though those are all tools you're going to have access to when you like if you think you're gonna be a civil engineer, like if you get a job in that field, it's not like you're not going to have access to those tools anyway. Like you
SPEAKER_R: that's what
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: department
SPEAKER_R: saying to.
SPEAKER_L: have access to even more sophisticated like calculators and software and stuff that does that math for you. And I mean you need to understand I guess how to set up like the math that you need to do and you need to understand like why you're doing what you're doing, but like it's not like you're going to ever have to be at a job and have to do your own calculations. Like that's why we have computers.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's exactly what I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: was thinking
SPEAKER_L: felt
SPEAKER_R: about.
SPEAKER_L: like totally justified. You're simulating a real world experience.
SPEAKER_R: That's what I was really just like, okay for my lab classes, I don't want that to be online because I want to know like that's like hands on stuff and I want to do hands on stuff in class. But then my other like geology, like, okay, I'm just gonna look up the answers for that. Or like, it was it was just easier because I didn't like going to that class anyways, because she would talk about the same exact thing as the book said. So I was just like, okay, not at home, I can just read the book and do it on my own time. Yeah, so I like that class online. It just depends.
SPEAKER_L: geology like rock. What is, what exactly is civil engineering actually? I don't really know what that means.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so it's it's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like has to do with construction kind of like it's not really buildings, it's it's like it's like bridges and roads and stuff like that. Like just it's you're not the ones building it, but you're just like organizing it and like doing the measurements and stuff to make sure it can like it works with that ground. And does that make sense? Mm.
SPEAKER_L: I went um this college that I went to had like a pretty big engineering school, I wasn't in it, I was doing liberal arts, but I had a lot of friends who are various types of engineers and I often asked them the same question. I was like, what is mechanical engineering? And then there was like, there was no, no, there was chemical engineering. I had
SPEAKER_R: How much?
SPEAKER_L: into our chemists and then I was like, what the difference between chemistry and chemical engineering and they're like, chemical engineering is like very large quantities of chemicals as opposed to
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like test tubes. Um
SPEAKER_R: I went into college as chemical Engineering. Uh That was way
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: too hard for
SPEAKER_L: works.
SPEAKER_R: me. Like I took the my freshman year, I took like it was a more advanced camp, but it was like I would have to go more and I would have to take more classes of camp. And I barely passed that first class of cam and I was like, okay, I'm gonna meet with my advisor and like discuss other engineering cause I knew I wanted to be engineering because it's like math and science based and I'm really good at both. So I was like, okay, that's what I want to be in. Let's just, I cannot do kIM and my dad went to the same college as me and he went into colleges come engineering. And after freshman year he switched applied. And like when I told him, I was like, yeah, I'm not doing him any more. Like I'm switching it, he was like, okay, He's like, to be honest, I didn't think you were going to stay in it because it's really hard. He was like, I did the same thing. I was like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm I remember at some point when I was in college, I don't remember if it was freshman year, a senior year, but are like administration was saying that like one
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: bird of every entering freshman class at my school identifies as pre med. And by the end I think of the first year, it's only one out of every 10 because most people drop out of organic chemistry, like just either organic chemistry
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: or I think what we called like bio 13, which I guess was like the first biology class that you're obligated to take if you're on pre med. Um they're like, yeah, after after or go. Everyone just as like, never mind. I'm not about to be the doctor, I can't handle this. Um which I thought was so funny. I did not enter as, I know I never thought I was going to be a doctor, but I thought it was really funny. They're like yeah after that class everyone realizes that like they're going to go into psychology or whatever other thing instead. But yeah, that's legit. Do you have to get a masters when you're done? Like in order to work in your field so you can like go right into uh
SPEAKER_R: like you're you're just are you basically just done? You just go straight into a job. So it's kind of nice that because I don't want to go to school any longer, just hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Not my thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think that makes sense. I went to graduate, I went to business school three years after graduating from undergrad. And I think like having that break, I never I never like new necessarily that I went to grad school until I went like I wasn't planning on it when I was in college and I definitely did not have a career plan when I was in college, I had no idea what I wanted to do. But I think it also like, it makes sense, I think to start working after you're done with college and then I feel like for
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: most people grad school it just kind of like shows itself to you and you're like okay now is the time.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah,
SPEAKER_L: lot of my
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: friends who are engineers eventually got masters, although I don't think a lot of them necessarily went right after, I think a lot of them were like okay, I've worked for whatever, maybe even three years, and I realized that if I get a masters and whatever, electrical engineering or whatever it is, I can make more money or whatever, and um
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: with the time off from
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: school, you like a you appreciate it more because school is always going
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to be difficult, but like you don't hate it as much when you've had a break to work, and then I just like depending on what you do, you can have an employer who will pay for it. Um You know if you go part time like and still work for them which is which is
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I just, I mean I don't really have a set plan to be honest. I'm just kind of going with the flow like see what I'm gonna do. I'm like my older sister because I have three sisters, but the one who is one year older who goes to you and I'm like, she has a set plan, She like she knows exactly what she's doing, she has an internship at google right now and then she wants to move to
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: new york city and she's just like, this is what I want to do, this is what I'm gonna do. And I'm just like, I don't really know yet. Like I'm so like, I'm just going to see how it goes and see.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think, I don't think you have to know I mean and also like I mean you're on you're studying something that has a very obvious career track which is sort of nice. I studied philosophy as an undergrad which is not necessarily a thing I would recommend to other people, but I think is why when I went to graduate school I got
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: an NBA because I was just kind of like all right, I need to do something that has some sort of real world application to it. But like I don't know, I mean, I think like what you study as an undergrad obviously, like depending on what you do, it can become less and less relevant, like obviously like you can get engineering jobs right out of college and then in five years you might decide like I hate this, I want to do it anymore, but then you have like really great math and science skills that you can probably apply to so many other things and like, I don't know, I feel like sometimes like it's okay if you don't know exactly what you want to do. Um A lot of the people that I know and like myself included, like just fell into like whatever careers happened
SPEAKER_R: that's,
SPEAKER_L: to us, you graduate from college. And especially, I mean there's especially sure, I think if you have a liberal arts degree, you like apply for a ton of stuff because you're just sort of like I have a general set of skills that like but no obvious like place to go. Um And then like you get whatever job ends up giving you an offer and then you accept it and that kind of like start your career like doing something. Um Like I worked in human resources for my first job out of college and now I work in nonprofit, like I do operations, which is like financial management and systems and stuff. And like I don't think in college I would have ever known that that's kind of where I'd end up like a lot of it is just sort of random. I think it's sort of exciting and like college is really fun. Like you don't have to, you don't have to be fully job focused in college. Like I think you just kind of like embrace having time when you're like, you don't have as many responsibilities and most of what you have a higher ratio of fun to like not fun in college than you do, like, really at any other time. Yes, I got you.
SPEAKER_R: My parents say that like, this is the best time of your life. Like just go off and do what you want to do. I'm like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would say also the immediate years after college is also very high ratio of fun to not fun because that's when you're like, and like young, it's a lot of energy for doing fun stuff. Um but you like have a job and a salary for the first time in your life. So unlike in college, when you're like, most people I knew in college, I don't have a lot of money because students, but you're like, I have a salary, like I can do fun things. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. And you're like, fine. I miss college sometimes, although um also like where I am now, but uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I feel like that like motivated me a little bit like,
SPEAKER_L: Happy.
SPEAKER_R: okay, it's fine. I don't really have a plan, like, okay, calm down.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, it's totally fine. I mean like, honestly, again, like I studied possibly the most useless thing in college and like I turned out okay, all the other philosophy majors I know also turned out okay. Um I think what I, what I used to say, I mean I'm also like I'm in my thirties, so I graduated college like over 10 years ago. Um but like when I was first like first out of college interviewing for jobs and like talking to other people and people would say like what do you, like, what do you say in job interviews, having a philosophy degree? Like that's obviously like no one's gonna hire you to be a philosopher obviously, like, and I think what I have always said is that like as long as you know how to speak about your college experience mostly the education, but also any extracurriculars and stuff you did, as long as you know how to speak about that in a meaningful way and why that gave you skills to like go forward in life and in careers, like you're fine, you know? So even if again, like, let's say you graduated and you decided that you wanted nothing to do with civil engineering, you're just like, well I did all these classes, but I actually think I hate it.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Um Like I think a lot of people might say like, oh, that was a waste of your time. But or as long as you know how to spin it in a job interview where you say like, well, you know, it took four years, but I realized that this is not for me, but here are the skills that I learned and here's how they apply to like this job that I'm interviewing for right now. So like whenever you get to the end of your college experience, you know? Which hopefully will be soon, but maybe it'll be delayed because it's a pandemic. Like
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: as long as you can talk about what you learned from it and how that kind of makes you a good candidate, whatever you want to do in the future, then you're totally fine. So like, even if you don't have a plan now, like as long as you are aware of like any sort of general skills that you're learning, or even if you're like, well I learned, you know, in my I had all these civil engineering classes, but then I also took maybe you took like one philosophy or literature or one like humanities type class. You're like, well in this humanity's whatever class I really learned about like critical thinking and you know, whatever. Um like you can even use that one class to help propel you forward. It's really all about like what you say in job interviews. Um But like, that's the thing you worry about. I don't know when you graduate, I don't know if everyone me that, like, worry about worry about your plan when you graduate, but like, I think worry about your plan at least closer to when you're graduating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel okay. I feel like you're gonna be like good advice though, so, and you just like kind of eat some stress. So I'm glad I got partnered with you to talk to
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: is fun and great. Well, I'm glad, I'm glad you. I'm glad to help. I don't interact with them college students. There was actually a while where I wanted to work like in career counseling at universities and that didn't pan out. But maybe maybe if I have a like a second career motivation.
SPEAKER_R: maybe one day because you'd probably be good at it. You just, I feel like you just gave me, I just, I don't know, I like listening to you and talking to you, so that was good.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well, good luck with everything, I guess. I'm sure it's been the 25 minutes, so maybe we should start answering these questions. It's really nice to chat with you. This is like very one random thing to do on a Friday afternoon.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_L: You to talk to you soon Earth not, I guess, but.