Mhm mm. Well mhm, mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Problem. Right. Just thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that, everybody. Mhm. Mr come on. Uh huh. Yeah, we're looking to do. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. one of the questions doing, yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. I want yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah.
Hi.
Mhm. Oh no worries. I was just I was like maybe I'm being stood up for this
great conversation.
My name is Ariel, what's your name?
Cool. Um Where are you calling from?
I
live in Brooklyn in new york city. I
mean
I'm I'm in a very residential part of Brooklyn, so I'm not in like a really hustle and bustle, like very busy kind of place, like it looks sort of suburban where I am,
like yes and no um I mean like every time I leave the house like to go to the grocery store or something, there's definitely a lot of people out. Um You know everyone everyone wears masks for the most part sometimes people don't, but I mean we're supposed to be pretty locked down um You know, I mean nothing's open certainly, but sometimes like walking around my neighborhood because it's not super busy to begin with, like it doesn't look any less busy but
you would like you know that something was happening because people are wearing masks around. Um It was really really nice here, I think it was two weekends ago and I live I live like 20 minutes from a pretty big park and I walked over to the park and it was quite crowded. Um And I mean I guess like everyone's wearing masks and kind of doing their thing and I really like looking at the crowds of people, you have no idea if the people who are hanging out together are like sheltering in place together. Um
So like maybe they're not breaking social distancing, like who knows? But yeah, so there are times where you like it's very obvious that the world outside is very strange and then there are times where it feels very normal. Um But yeah it's weird. Um you know I usually commute an hour to work to midtown Manhattan on the subway and um the fact that I haven't been on a train in two months is crazy because I take the subway usually multiple times a day. Um like I've only exist and I don't have a car because it doesn't really, it would make sense for me to have one, so I haven't been I've only been wherever I can walk on foot for the last two months, which is sort of weird. Mhm.
Yeah. What, where? Yeah. What is it like where you are?
Because
you get
Yeah. Well I feel like a lot of places probably, I mean I know that I think it was Wisconsin where they they like got rid of all the social distancing orders and they showed on the news, all these people like packed into bars and all of this stuff like I think
nights ago. Um which is crazy. I mean like I also I live alone which is great, like I'm very introverted, I love spending time alone, but like the thought that I haven't really been around another person in two months, it's like crazy. Um You know because I like I don't live with anybody and I don't go to an office anymore. Um and I actually have a
few friends who live in the area and so I've taken walks with them periodically where we like, you know, everyone's wearing masks and we tried to kind of stay a few feet apart from each other as we like walk around by the park or just like through the neighborhood. And that's been really nice because I don't I don't have any in person conversations anymore, you know, uh like I'm on I'm on video calls pretty much all day for work because we work remotely. Um So I'm always talking to people, I'm never talking to people in person and I don't mind it that much because again, like I pretty much enjoy spending time alone, but it's just it's just weird to
like not be around to have never been around other people. It's let me see.
You're doing your normal saying?
What where are you in college?
So at least it's not, I think I'd be really sad if it was like your senior year and you just missed like your last semester. Just like got cut off
woman.
Boom.
L. A.
Yang.
I always want to help people stars. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
college is so fun that like, and the fun part of college is not the part where you take classes. It's like where you're on the campus of everyone's your age and your like partying and just socializing and like doing stupid stuff with your friends. Like I wouldn't I wouldn't want to miss that either. You know? And like especially or like being a freshman to you don't like there'd be there's like no appeal to start in college just with classes and not with the fun part. You don't
need to like meet anybody taking virtual classes. So it's like
why not
delay
created
history.
Like if your if your parents are fine with you living at home for that six months, like you may as well just take off this semester and then go back. Like when hopefully things are normal again like next year. Um Msu is michigan state. You guys are really good basketball. I
don't want, I don't follow college basketball, but I love March Madness. I always see them like I love the process of making a bracket and I feel like they're always they're always in March Madness and they're always like, what are the top contenders? I feel like.
technically. Yes, I mean I was born here and I lived here until I was eight and then my parents, we moved to New Jersey in the suburbs, so like I mostly grew up in New Jersey, but I'm from the city originally. Um My parents are both native new Yorkers, like they both grew up in the city and so they very much feel that my brother and I should both identify as new Yorkers because there's like a street cred to that over like being from the suburbs in New Jersey, which is boring. Uh but like I kind of feel like where you grow up is really sort of like where you go, where you went to high school and I definitely did not go to high school here. Um But yes, I'm from this area originally, um I went to college in boston, but aside from that pretty much always lived, I mean like in new york city um I don't know and I like never really contemplated moving anywhere else. It's great here. Maybe
not
now. Not right now is not the time to be in new york professor at the time. It's really nice, very
exciting. But uh yeah, it's weird. I mean every time I talk to anybody, like any of my friends who don't live here, they're just like what is your life like? I think of new a lot because I know that new york is like like a quarter of the covid deaths I think in this country. And um I don't know
as far as confirmed cases of people who haven't died. But uh I mean that's sort of like the one
main
drawback
of working in a place that's really crowded is everyone can, you know, diseases can spread quite uh quite rapidly. But yeah, it's still um it's been weird. Yeah.
I have been dying to go to, have you been to New york city?
I've been I've been dying to go to like Times Square and the other really busy areas, which is like not a place I would ever actively want to go. Times Square normally, like is terrible if you are from here because it's so crowded and it's all tourists and if you're just trying to get from point A to point B. If you have to walk through Times Square, like you have to walk so much slower because it's crowded. But I mean I hear that it's really dead obviously because like for obvious reasons I've been dying to go there um Just to kind of see just to see it really empty. Um I haven't because like it doesn't feel like an essential errand. Um And if I
wanted to go I would either have to get on the train which really doesn't feel like a good idea
or take an Uber which probably cost a lot. Um But yeah it's like it's really strange. I mean I have um most of
my friends are working from home now but I have one friend who works for the office of the chief medical examiner which is the city department um that basically is in charge of the cities like dead bodies. Um And yeah I didn't really know before he started working there that that's like a department but I assume every city probably has one. Um They they are in charge of like dead bodies for people that die of like uh I don't know how to categorize them. Like if someone is found dead alone in their apartment or if somebody jumps off the bridge and like is found in the water. Like people who dive
like
weird, like not people who die in hospitals very monitored. Um And they also are very much on high alert during um like chrissie, so when we've had like projected hurricanes or snowstorms or even like heat waves,
like times when people kind of diet higher rates than normal. Um they like manage those dead people and like part of his job over the last two months helping to set up um
temporary marks outside of some of the city's hospitals because they like the hospitals don't have the capacity to keep all the dead bodies that are like around because of the pandemic. So they bring in a bunch of refrigerated trucks and they've set up. I haven't seen them in person because I don't live near. Actually. I could probably walk to a hospital from here. There's one maybe like three miles. But um at a bunch of these things hospital you they bring in like refrigerated trucks and they have like tents and stuff and they're basically like holding places for dead bodies that the hospital morgues or little refrigerated rooms don't have room for any more. So it's weird to think that like I
sit here at work at work
um I'm in like sweat pants or pajama pants and then like a nice ish shirt usually because I'm working for like no one can see below like shirt, so I'm like in my cozy pajamas and I never leave the house and then my friend is like setting up dead body holding place.
It's really weird. Um
But uh yeah, I mean otherwise like you know everyone I know is healthy which is nice. Um So that's that's good I guess. Um
I
thought
you
were
no I don't want anyone. Did you know I mean like until because I think at first everyone was sort of like oh just wash your hands and you'll be fine. Nobody knew really or I don't know that we didn't know because it did hit other countries first. So I think we all I think we all didn't take it seriously.
What?
One.
yeah. Is your your uncle? Okay?
But
anyway
worry that's awful.
Can you any can you do you what do you what do you do for that?
All
yeah. I think it's still like it really depends on your state. I think it's still going to be a while before it's done. You know I think a lot of people say that like there's going to be a second wave which certainly is going to happen if people like are going out to bars one. Yeah. I mean we especially obviously in new york city because we have so many cases of it. Uh they're starting to reopen some parts of new york state like the places like not the city. Um There's a whole list of metrics that I think a region has to hit in order to be able to even consider reopening. And it's like you have to have had a declining number of cases for x amount of days in a row. You have to have a certain percentage of I. C. U. Beds and ventilators free. And obviously new york city is probably going to be the last place in the state to hit all of those markers. Um We were and then even once the city starts to reopen they do it in a in phases. So they start with like construction manufacturing and then the stuff that actually like restaurants and business and like smaller businesses I think comes later. And we were taking bets today at work as to when we think our office will reopen. Um Not even fully but even to let anyone back in because like um we don't we don't know yet how they're going to reopen. There's trying to think about that now but they'll probably do it in phases. So maybe like half the staff comes in or whatever that you know like I don't think they're gonna just reopen one day and everyone's gonna come back. But we were taking bets on when like the first people will be let back in and we, The bets ranged from I think the earliest anyone said was September one and the latest anybody said was January. Which is so nuts. Uh To think that like I think January is very late. I don't, I think my guess was like October one when they might start letting whatever a certain percentage of staff in each day. I don't know how they would figure that out, like who comes in and who doesn't. But um and like maybe I'm wrong, maybe it is january and that's so insane to think that like, like I know a lot of people work from home all the time, but because I like my job, even though most of us just sit at a computer all day and we could be remote, we typically like they have a pretty strict work from home policy. So like some people might work from home once every blue moon for the most part, we're all in the office all the time. And so like my coworkers, I haven't seen them since March and I'm not going to see them until I don't know when. And so that's very strange. Especially because like when we left they were doing um it was only intended for at least two weeks. They were like okay, we're
all going to be working remotely for two weeks and then we'll like see what happens. And
we didn't necessarily think we would come back after two weeks. But I think in March when our ceo was like everyone's going to start working from home next week for two weeks and we'll see like, I don't think anyone anticipated that, like okay, bye. I'll see you in january, you know? Uh huh.
But I mean, I think like, I don't know what people were saying, they're like, well I think, I think I left like a dirty coffee mug on my desk and if I knew we weren't going to be back for seven months, I would have washed it or whatever, stuff like that. Like I have a water bottle on my desk which like the water in it I guess will be clean but stagnant or something. We come back, I get out, you know? But I don't think anyone knew that we were going to be gone for that long, but I love working from home. I wish honestly that I could work from home more often. It's great like not putting on real close like to go to work. It's really amazing. Um Like if, if, if this situation in life right now did not come with a side of like really terrible things happening out in the world, like I beat all about it.
What?
I mean, I think mind ideal, I would like to come into the office sometimes because I do genuinely enjoy interacting with some of my co workers. And um
we have really good food in my office. I worked for a very, pretty large nonprofit and because we have donors coming into the building all the time for all sorts
of like meetings and
all that stuff we have in house catering. And um, there's always leftover food from meetings and that's a real reason to want to be in the office. But they do have really good food and it's really nice look nonprofit sector. Like we don't necessarily get paid all that much. So it's a really nice benefit to every so often. Get an email from someone that's like free leftover luncheon conference room seven, everyone's like, oh man, I wonder like what, like which of the things from the menu? It is. Um I do genuinely like also again like talking to a lot of my coworkers. Um I also have a much better ergonomic setup at work, like I have a chair that's better, like a much nicer chair and it's just easier to like sit at that desk all day. Um But I do again, I mean if my ideal would definitely be to work from home, I don't know, at least one or two days a week, you know, like if I could if I could commute three days and work from home two days, that would be great. Um Because I do commute, I mean it's about an hour each way, which is certainly not as bad as some people have it, like I have co workers who commute in from like Connecticut or wherever, and they commute like two hours each way, which to me is insane. Um but it's annoying to commute an hour to work each way, you know, it takes a lot of time out of your day, and I realize now that I'm not commuting how much more time I have to do other things. Um Like, well I have a lot more time to exercise and cook actual meals instead of eating like peanut butter on bread for dinner. Um And that's really nice, but yeah, I mean, most of my job can definitely be done remotely, I mean, I'm I'm just, I mean, I'm just like sitting at a computer like this all day. Um It's yeah, but how do you like taking online classes? I never had done that. I think I would have a hard time like focusing.
but
like also though those are all tools you're going to have access to when you like if you think you're gonna be a civil engineer, like if you get a job in that field, it's not like you're not going to have access to those tools anyway. Like you
probably
department
have access to even more sophisticated like calculators and software and stuff that does that math for you. And I mean you need to understand I guess how to set up like the math that you need to do and you need to understand like why you're doing what you're doing, but like it's not like you're going to ever have to be at a job and have to do your own calculations. Like that's why we have computers.
I
felt
like totally justified. You're simulating a real world experience.
geology like rock. What is, what exactly is civil engineering actually? I don't really know what that means.
And
I went um this college that I went to had like a pretty big engineering school, I wasn't in it, I was doing liberal arts, but I had a lot of friends who are various types of engineers and I often asked them the same question. I was like, what is mechanical engineering? And then there was like, there was no, no, there was chemical engineering. I had
into our chemists and then I was like, what the difference between chemistry and chemical engineering and they're like, chemical engineering is like very large quantities of chemicals as opposed to
like test tubes. Um
That
works.
Yeah. I'm I remember at some point when I was in college, I don't remember if it was freshman year, a senior year, but are like administration was saying that like one
bird of every entering freshman class at my school identifies as pre med. And by the end I think of the first year, it's only one out of every 10 because most people drop out of organic chemistry, like just either organic chemistry
or I think what we called like bio 13, which I guess was like the first biology class that you're obligated to take if you're on pre med. Um they're like, yeah, after after or go. Everyone just as like, never mind. I'm not about to be the doctor, I can't handle this. Um which I thought was so funny. I did not enter as, I know I never thought I was going to be a doctor, but I thought it was really funny. They're like yeah after that class everyone realizes that like they're going to go into psychology or whatever other thing instead. But yeah, that's legit. Do you have to get a masters when you're done? Like in order to work in your field so you can like go right into uh
Right.
I think that makes sense. I went to graduate, I went to business school three years after graduating from undergrad. And I think like having that break, I never I never like new necessarily that I went to grad school until I went like I wasn't planning on it when I was in college and I definitely did not have a career plan when I was in college, I had no idea what I wanted to do. But I think it also like, it makes sense, I think to start working after you're done with college and then I feel like for
most people grad school it just kind of like shows itself to you and you're like okay now is the time.
lot of my
friends who are engineers eventually got masters, although I don't think a lot of them necessarily went right after, I think a lot of them were like okay, I've worked for whatever, maybe even three years, and I realized that if I get a masters and whatever, electrical engineering or whatever it is, I can make more money or whatever, and um
with the time off from
school, you like a you appreciate it more because school is always going
to be difficult, but like you don't hate it as much when you've had a break to work, and then I just like depending on what you do, you can have an employer who will pay for it. Um You know if you go part time like and still work for them which is which is
And
I don't think, I don't think you have to know I mean and also like I mean you're on you're studying something that has a very obvious career track which is sort of nice. I studied philosophy as an undergrad which is not necessarily a thing I would recommend to other people, but I think is why when I went to graduate school I got
an NBA because I was just kind of like all right, I need to do something that has some sort of real world application to it. But like I don't know, I mean, I think like what you study as an undergrad obviously, like depending on what you do, it can become less and less relevant, like obviously like you can get engineering jobs right out of college and then in five years you might decide like I hate this, I want to do it anymore, but then you have like really great math and science skills that you can probably apply to so many other things and like, I don't know, I feel like sometimes like it's okay if you don't know exactly what you want to do. Um A lot of the people that I know and like myself included, like just fell into like whatever careers happened
to us, you graduate from college. And especially, I mean there's especially sure, I think if you have a liberal arts degree, you like apply for a ton of stuff because you're just sort of like I have a general set of skills that like but no obvious like place to go. Um And then like you get whatever job ends up giving you an offer and then you accept it and that kind of like start your career like doing something. Um Like I worked in human resources for my first job out of college and now I work in nonprofit, like I do operations, which is like financial management and systems and stuff. And like I don't think in college I would have ever known that that's kind of where I'd end up like a lot of it is just sort of random. I think it's sort of exciting and like college is really fun. Like you don't have to, you don't have to be fully job focused in college. Like I think you just kind of like embrace having time when you're like, you don't have as many responsibilities and most of what you have a higher ratio of fun to like not fun in college than you do, like, really at any other time. Yes, I got you.
Yeah, I would say also the immediate years after college is also very high ratio of fun to not fun because that's when you're like, and like young, it's a lot of energy for doing fun stuff. Um but you like have a job and a salary for the first time in your life. So unlike in college, when you're like, most people I knew in college, I don't have a lot of money because students, but you're like, I have a salary, like I can do fun things. Um
Yes. And you're like, fine. I miss college sometimes, although um also like where I am now, but uh Yeah.
Happy.
Yeah, no, it's totally fine. I mean like, honestly, again, like I studied possibly the most useless thing in college and like I turned out okay, all the other philosophy majors I know also turned out okay. Um I think what I, what I used to say, I mean I'm also like I'm in my thirties, so I graduated college like over 10 years ago. Um but like when I was first like first out of college interviewing for jobs and like talking to other people and people would say like what do you, like, what do you say in job interviews, having a philosophy degree? Like that's obviously like no one's gonna hire you to be a philosopher obviously, like, and I think what I have always said is that like as long as you know how to speak about your college experience mostly the education, but also any extracurriculars and stuff you did, as long as you know how to speak about that in a meaningful way and why that gave you skills to like go forward in life and in careers, like you're fine, you know? So even if again, like, let's say you graduated and you decided that you wanted nothing to do with civil engineering, you're just like, well I did all these classes, but I actually think I hate it.
Um Like I think a lot of people might say like, oh, that was a waste of your time. But or as long as you know how to spin it in a job interview where you say like, well, you know, it took four years, but I realized that this is not for me, but here are the skills that I learned and here's how they apply to like this job that I'm interviewing for right now. So like whenever you get to the end of your college experience, you know? Which hopefully will be soon, but maybe it'll be delayed because it's a pandemic. Like
as long as you can talk about what you learned from it and how that kind of makes you a good candidate, whatever you want to do in the future, then you're totally fine. So like, even if you don't have a plan now, like as long as you are aware of like any sort of general skills that you're learning, or even if you're like, well I learned, you know, in my I had all these civil engineering classes, but then I also took maybe you took like one philosophy or literature or one like humanities type class. You're like, well in this humanity's whatever class I really learned about like critical thinking and you know, whatever. Um like you can even use that one class to help propel you forward. It's really all about like what you say in job interviews. Um But like, that's the thing you worry about. I don't know when you graduate, I don't know if everyone me that, like, worry about worry about your plan when you graduate, but like, I think worry about your plan at least closer to when you're graduating.
This
is fun and great. Well, I'm glad, I'm glad you. I'm glad to help. I don't interact with them college students. There was actually a while where I wanted to work like in career counseling at universities and that didn't pan out. But maybe maybe if I have a like a second career motivation.
All right, well, good luck with everything, I guess. I'm sure it's been the 25 minutes, so maybe we should start answering these questions. It's really nice to chat with you. This is like very one random thing to do on a Friday afternoon.
You to talk to you soon Earth not, I guess, but.