Hi,
sorry, it took me a second to get my laptop going.
No,
no
trinity.
I'm from michigan, so Yeah. Where
are you from?
okay. What happened? So
it's
okay? Is everything like really locked down over there because the commandments?
What?
No.
gosh, that's so different.
Well I'm I'm in college so like everything, I moved online,
so
I came back home and I've just been like, so I live with my parents and two sisters just been like hanging out with my family. I mean it's not really when you go outside, like everyone has masks on, but like, it's not like I was really going anywhere anyways, I'm just, it's not too bad. And then I went up like two days ago back up to my like college town just because I've been inside for like a month, just got bored and up there. It's like it's way different because here I live in Oakland County in Michigan, which is like one of the really bad play. I mean like there are a lot of cases here, so I would like more cautious and then up and East Lansing, which is where I go to school. There aren't that many cases. So everyone's walking around out there without masks on. Like I went to 7 11 and no one had a mask on except me and my friend and I was like, okay, this is up here. It seems like nothing is happening, but like home, it's different.
Oh my gosh,
No.
Two.
I'm just because I don't know like a lot of my friends came home and they don't have any siblings or anything or like their parents are, my parents always worked from home. So like I know a lot of people made the transition to like start working from home. But ever since I was little, my parents have work from home. So I mean really, it wasn't a big shift for my family. I feel like like me and my sister just came home from college. My other sister was already here. We're just hanging out with the family is like, okay.
Yeah, pretty much.
I'll be a junior. Oh,
Oh my gosh, that
would suck. And my sister, um, she'll be going to the same school as me next year. She'll be a freshman
and midnight marjorie my dog. Oh, sorry, wait,
let me shut
my way.
Yeah.
So we don't know if like fall semester is going to be online and she's like super stressed about it because she's gonna be freshmen. And she's like, oh, I don't know if I like take a year off or what I'll do and she's supposed to run track. So she's like, okay, do I just take half, like she doesn't know what she's gonna do, but I already said like a false message online. I'm just, I'm going to take a semester off and just work or something because first of my junior year, like I'm going to school to be a civil engineer and a lot of my classes this upcoming year have labs. I don't wanna take those online. Like suppose like I'll just take a semester off. I don't really care about graduating just differently.
No,
that
for you
and she'll miss like the orientation.
Well, I don't really like orientation, but she'll miss that. And then we have this
thing because I go to Msu so we have this thing called likes participation because we're spar ends and that's like all the clubs are all there and you just sign up for a bunch of clubs and then like that's how I started on ski team and that's how like I I don't even know scheme was a thing and like that's how I found out about it. And now I'm like, I'm on the board for it. And so I'm like, you're gonna miss that and that's like a really big thing at the school, so Oh well, I don't know, we'll see I guess.
And then my
we're pretty good at basketball. And then my sister goes to U. Of M so we're like rivals, like our family split, but it's kind of funny. So are you from, are you originally from new york? Uh huh.
My
friend.
Yeah.
And
The
what?
No.
Yeah. I can't, I can't even imagine like being in new york right now because it's just such a busy area I feel like and then just like turns off like that.
Yeah I have.
And
that.
What?
What
I'm
but
Right.
What
just
Oh my gosh,
look,
I feel like when this whole thing like when it started I didn't take it serious to be honest. I
feel
like
a lot of people
didn't
Yeah. They when
they announced that our school was going to be online like me and all my friends are like yeah, like oh we don't have to go to classes anymore, it's all online. Woo hoo. And then um my family was going to florida for spring break and they're like oh you can come with us now, you don't have to go to school. Like over we're planning this whole thing for me to go now. And then when I came, when I packed everything up, and then I went home, my mom like, she's like, okay actually, like your uncle's in the hospital and he's on a ventilator
and I don't want you going anywhere. Like, we're not going on vacation anymore. Like, I just think we should stay in the house. And then I was like, that's when I was like, wait, what? I was like, okay, maybe this is more serious than I thought. And then my friend's grandma ended up being in the hospital and then her mom and then just more and more people like I knew were being in the hospital or being diagnosed with Covid, and I was just like, okay. Yeah. I was like, all right. So let me just stay inside. Like, my mom was like, I'm sorry if you think I'm being super strict. And I was like, no, I don't think you're being strict. Like we actually do need to stay inside and be safe because this is clearly more serious than we thought it was.
No, he he passed
away,
so yeah.
Yeah. Thanks. It's yeah, that was like a month ago. That was when it first happened. And it's just, it's just weird because like with funerals, we can't really have a lot of people there.
The place that they were looking at, they said that only 10 people could attend.
So, um, mm we didn't really, we didn't do anything and there were like, okay, we'll do something later when things start to open back up because his wife had Covid uh, when like, at the same time. So like even if we had a funeral during that time, like she wouldn't be able to go because she had Covid and then everyone was just like, okay, like my whole family went on this big zoom call and just discuss like what we were going to do and we're just like, okay, we're just gonna wait till this hopefully comes down, but we don't know when that's going to happen now. I feel like it's been so long.
Have
I?
that's just so far from now. It's like, but you never know like you don't know what's going to happen. Oh.
I
feel like um I read an article the other day about how um people are saying that like working at home versus working like in an office, like they can do the same thing and then like that they were hoping that their job just like let's some work from home from now on. Do you just want to like do you want to go back or do you just like if you could just switch to being at home all the time, what would you rather do?
Yeah.
What?
No.
Uh It depends on the class because two of my classes this semester were labs, like one of the class, the only time that we met was for the lab and then instead they were just like okay we're going to give you the measurements and you just have to figure out how to calculate things. But but we're learning how to use like new equipment because the equipment that they use, I like never used before, like a test. I don't know if you've ever heard of that, but it's just like to measure angles and stuff for like construction and things like that. And the measurements are different. Like the angles, not just like degrees, it's like degrees, minutes and something else. Like there are like three parts and it's just really weird. So I did not like that class online, but then like, Okay, if we're being 100% honest, my couch for class, this is my last math class. And that if I'm like that turning online, I feel like that just made it easier for me to cheat to be honest. I just because they have like online calculators that you had to do something. And so I would just go on the online calculator and do it and I didn't really care because it was my last call class. Like I've taken 133 this was the fourth one last month. It's like, it's not like anything was going to build off that other than physics kind of, but so I don't really care. So I was just like, okay, I'm just gonna cheat. And that brought
up grade.
that's what
I was
saying to.
Yes, that's exactly what I
was thinking
about.
That's what I was really just like, okay for my lab classes, I don't want that to be online because I want to know like that's like hands on stuff and I want to do hands on stuff in class. But then my other like geology, like, okay, I'm just gonna look up the answers for that. Or like, it was it was just easier because I didn't like going to that class anyways, because she would talk about the same exact thing as the book said. So I was just like, okay, not at home, I can just read the book and do it on my own time. Yeah, so I like that class online. It just depends.
Okay, so it's it's
like has to do with construction kind of like it's not really buildings, it's it's like it's like bridges and roads and stuff like that. Like just it's you're not the ones building it, but you're just like organizing it and like doing the measurements and stuff to make sure it can like it works with that ground. And does that make sense? Mm.
How much?
All
I went into college as chemical Engineering. Uh That was way
too hard for
me. Like I took the my freshman year, I took like it was a more advanced camp, but it was like I would have to go more and I would have to take more classes of camp. And I barely passed that first class of cam and I was like, okay, I'm gonna meet with my advisor and like discuss other engineering cause I knew I wanted to be engineering because it's like math and science based and I'm really good at both. So I was like, okay, that's what I want to be in. Let's just, I cannot do kIM and my dad went to the same college as me and he went into colleges come engineering. And after freshman year he switched applied. And like when I told him, I was like, yeah, I'm not doing him any more. Like I'm switching it, he was like, okay, He's like, to be honest, I didn't think you were going to stay in it because it's really hard. He was like, I did the same thing. I was like, okay.
What?
well,
like you're you're just are you basically just done? You just go straight into a job. So it's kind of nice that because I don't want to go to school any longer, just hmm.
Not my thing. Yeah.
Well
And yeah,
or
No,
what?
No.
I feel like I just, I mean I don't really have a set plan to be honest. I'm just kind of going with the flow like see what I'm gonna do. I'm like my older sister because I have three sisters, but the one who is one year older who goes to you and I'm like, she has a set plan, She like she knows exactly what she's doing, she has an internship at google right now and then she wants to move to
new york city and she's just like, this is what I want to do, this is what I'm gonna do. And I'm just like, I don't really know yet. Like I'm so like, I'm just going to see how it goes and see.
But
that's,
My parents say that like, this is the best time of your life. Like just go off and do what you want to do. I'm like, okay.
Yeah.
Okay. I feel like that like motivated me a little bit like,
okay, it's fine. I don't really have a plan, like, okay, calm down.
No,
no.
Yeah, I feel okay. I feel like you're gonna be like good advice though, so, and you just like kind of eat some stress. So I'm glad I got partnered with you to talk to
you.
maybe one day because you'd probably be good at it. You just, I feel like you just gave me, I just, I don't know, I like listening to you and talking to you, so that was good.
Yeah. Nice to meet you,