Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm pretty good. I just started a timer to make sure Richard time. So so so where are you from? Where do you live?
Alabama? So pretty uh pretty big role in the election I guess. Not really big role but kind of dramatic in the fashion that you know turned out that's exciting to be there or what happened I guess. Right. Uh huh. So what do you do?
So you're taking prolific surveys? You are a professional surveyor.
Well
oh I'm I actually work for Nasa, I'm a flight controller for the space station.
Yeah I enjoy it's a it's kind of a during job of mine I guess. Um What were you doing before you quit?
totally
understandable so.
Okay. So what's your degree in?
Well it'll I'm sure it'll all pass hopefully sooner rather than later. So
big news with the vaccine the other day So and so
boom.
So my wife was, she was an art major there for about a year or so. She ended up getting her degree in education. But she well so six, we went to the we actually went to Denver earlier this year to the Denver art museum. They had good blanket on the guy's name. Did all the saturday evening post are
norman rocco. Yeah. Really cool. Some.
What?
So are you a practitioner, do you like paint or anything or you
just,
Yeah it's pretty cool like I'm like caricatures but not really,
Mhm.
Uh huh. Mhm.
So have you seen the movie Apollo 13.
Okay. Well basically that what the guys on the ground were doing. Um so Houston still was in charge of you know the crew and vehicle and all. I'm in Alabama, Huntsville Alabama. We do we're the payloads basically the science experiments. So my specific position operations controller basically like coordinating all the resources that you know the uh huh they need for the science experiments I guess. Like whether like some of them are crew attended, some of them, you know crew just installs and the scientists on the ground just commanded the payloads and uh get the science done. They needed that way. But yeah, we basically do the science on the space station. Yeah.
Work
a funny kind of funny anecdote. Like I always knew I wanted to work for Nasa. My dream job when I was a kid was to be an astronaut and I didn't really pan out. Um But anyway, when I was uh me and my brother were younger
we were watching Apollo 13 and I was talking about how I wanted upcoming astronaut. And of course my brother made a Big Brother comment like you know, they don't put just anybody in the as an astronaut, the ones aren't good enough end up with the flight controllers here. I am. Yeah.
Um I've put in my application and all but it just kind of I don't know like it's gotten so you know like popular anymore. Like I mean it was always popular idea of being an astronaut but like back in the nineties say that get like 2000 applications but now it's in like the tens of thousands. So mm And I'm sure even if I got past like the application phase, you know like high blood pressure or something would keep me out, you know, it's Yes. So
yeah, I really enjoy it. I kind of, when I graduated college was kind of spending my well I say spinning my wheels there. I was I had good jobs but
never really enjoyed any of them. Do you know? I wanted to work for Nasa so it kind of fell into my lap two years ago and here I am.
civil engineering. Mhm. So it's not really much to do it space or anything. I don't know if you know much about civil engineering but it's
either like municipalities and like roads and water and all that good stuff. So where'd you go to school, anywhere big or? Yeah.
Right. University of Alabama. Right. But
whereabouts in pennsylvania do you live?
I know very little about the geography of pennsylvania. I went to philadelphia once that
Time.
man.
And
yeah, I thought it was pretty neat like we just did, you know, touristy stuff like constitution hall and all, but I really enjoyed it. Yeah.
Honey.
Uh yeah, you know, if you never have a reason to come, that would not be surprising to me.
I really enjoy living here with uh Huntsville area that north Alabama and it's kind of uh as close to Silicon Valley as Alabama can get I guess if you go further south, you know, you'll get into the stereotype area, but this area is pretty nice. Yeah.
Yeah, that's I'm kind of the same way, that's probably my biggest regret before, you know, like I got married or anything, you wish you would have traveled more and same, but we're slowly but surely checking things off the list, so it's all good. Mhm.
All
that
Yeah, covered in 2020 in general. So
Oh, I was saying we're like, if you could just pick up and travel anywhere right now, what's your number one place right now?
Yeah. We were the only been international once we went on a cruise that stopped in Havana, I was kind of neat, definitely a bunch of places in europe I want to go to.
All
I'm actually kind of interesting candy, you still have a long line.
Mm hmm. Fair point. I'm pretty sure my parents do so Mhm.
Um Oh, I was in the middle of the Oh yeah, there's one thing
that I've come up with, there are like so many places in europe I want to go to. Like Ireland is probably my number one choice. But there are a whole lot of places, you know in this country that I've never seen, that. Really cool and it's a whole lot cheaper so that's yeah, yeah, so original in europe, if you had a if.
there,
but
yeah, I get that. I'm pretty much the same way I'd say next on my list is probably somewhere pacific northwest like Seattle or Portland or something, but you know, holding up a minute because covid civil unrest, once all that passes and which I guess is technically pacific southwest to you know our Canadian friends. But yeah,
yeah,
I have three. I have uh well they're all dogs um one's an american bulldog basset mix and once uh not exactly sure what she is, she has some sort of rhodesian ridgeback in her, so and the other one is a yorkie,
I love them all, but three dogs are way too many. What about you?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean caterpillar, I'm indifferent about them. I'm definitely, you know, a dog person, I don't pay cats or anything. So you know me and cats are cool I guess. Well
keeping
up.
Oh yeah, yeah my wife likes to you know small dogs. The yorkie was the reason we ended up with three dogs as one was hers and to our mind before we got married and then the brady bunch of animals now I guess. But yeah, we decided that we're always going to have one big dog and one small dog that no more of this three dogs nonsense. It's right. Mhm,
mm.
yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Um We actually, well I actually have two kids now. We, I just got home from the hospital yesterday with
thank you, thank you. So I don't really get to watch much other than, you know, toy store and stuff anymore. It seems like it's kind of regressed because he was really in our oldest was really into Toy Story and Monsters inc which I like Toy Story and monsters inc I mean not after 38 times, but now it's just like some weird kids show with cars on amazon prime that you know, it is what it is anyway, that being said, don't really get much time to watch the movies and stuff I want to anymore, but I did watch joker the other night. I really like
Mhm. What about you? What uh what are your hobbies
I think?
Mhm.
Have
Uh huh.
are we talking like Lord of the Ring Dragons and all that fantasy or like,
so
that
never heard of him though? Oh
that's pretty cool.
but
he beat Oh
Yeah, I mean, you know, I guess practice makes perfect and I'm sure tons of rejection is involved in trying to get so tenacity or something. I don't know. That's, that's my motivational speech I guess. So.
I'm never really was much of a reader until a few years ago, my New Year's Resolution said I was going to read 10 books. This was last year. Yeah, I surpassed that by two books. So most of what I read, like I really like john Steinbeck I discovered, but most of what I read like nonfiction stuff like horrible stuff and all that good stuff, so Mhm. So do you read much?
More. Mm hmm.
No.
I mean
what?
All
What?
Mhm. Yeah. There's always something to take up your time I guess. I actually, I haven't, I haven't been reading much here lately. Like I'm grad school. I just finished like my uh nine out of 10 classes. It's a team class program. I just finished my class. That class started like there was so much reading involved. I was just, you know, I don't know, too burned out on it to pick up. Last book I finished was Frankenstein Actually, I uh figured, you know, kind of a sci fi nerds. So the original sci fi book started off kind of slow, but I really ended up liking it.
Oh, that's
why I'm the artist.
Yeah.
I
would take the same about frank and son. Yeah.
Yeah. So what's your favorite quarter movie? Mm
I've never actually heard of Bright Night.
Right night. Okay. I've heard of it but never seen
and
we
have,
Really like Lost Boys? I've never actually like Hell raiser. I've seen bits and pieces of never actually sat down and watched from the Hellraiser movies, but I've definitely like flipped on it on tv and cut pieces of it,
so
What,
What?
so if I guess if I had to pick a horror franchise that's, you know, like my favorite as campy as they are the friday the 13th and uh as far as movie quality goes, I would probably say the first ones that you know better as far as plot goes. But I gotta say is they go on to me it gets better just because they get like so over the top and can't being ridiculous.
yeah, you know that we're actually supposed to do, I don't know whatever happened to this, but they were supposed to be sequel to that one. Uh it was a sequel to that one and Freddie versus Jason, Jason, I guess kind of a mash up where Freddy and Jason are in space on that space station and uh Ash from the Evil that is there,
That would have been awesome.
like
I like the original series because you know, you can't go wrong with Bruce Campbell um actually went and saw the remake in the theaters and I just needed like some eye bleach after that one. That was, that was exhausting. That was rough,
don't get me wrong, but it was, I just felt impure after watching that and it was the trip.
Sorry,
go on.
Not
You
mean, um, he said something that reminded me of something, oh yeah, they actually had our local convention center, uh, this was a few weeks ago, they had a night with Bruce Campbell, like uh, evil dad and then day afterwards I didn't go to it because, you know, Covid times and all, but I wish I would have been able to that would have been really cool. Okay.
Yeah, he seems like a very down to earth person. I'm sorry. You, one of these that like every Oscar season, you know, has to watch, you know, all the nominees and stuff or.
All
mm. I in my opinion, which I don't really watch especially anymore. Don't really watch too many new movies, but most of the, you know like Best Picture Winners and like Oscar winners and stuff are way overrated. Yeah, but I know I'm no movie critics of who am I to say? I did watch parasite not too long ago and I ended up really liking that one.
Mhm. Yeah, I really liked it. It was on one of my streaming services on this amazon prime, but it may have been
yeah, I watched I didn't watch uh another reason I watched this was on an airplane, but I forget what year this was I guess it was about six years ago or so when Birdman was all the hype. I'll give it a try. I just I mean it wasn't a bad movie, but I just don't see what was so special about it,
what? Yeah, it was like it was like I don't know and if you really like this movie, I mean no offense, but like Fight club, like I don't know, everybody acts just like the deepest thing. You know if you don't like it, it's just because you don't understand it. No, it was just an okay movie that's kind of how I felt about Birdman, so
Mhm. There are a bunch of movies that I liked when I was a teenager that I kind of want to go back and watch, but at the same time I don't really want to run those good memories because I kind of doubt they hold up. I probably just like them because you know, I thought they were cool and edgy and stuff like the two the two uh they're sticking out from er butterfly effect and Donnie Darko. But uh I may just preserve those memories.
Yeah, So if you had to pick one, what's your favorite movie?
Totally understand? Mm.
What?
You know, never seen that one.
I'd love to Oh boy, by the way, But
No.
What?
What?
Yeah.
No,
no.
And
what
same predicament you're in? Um I my default answer is usually gladiator or airplane completely the movies, but
mm hmm. Rocky is up there believe it or not, we got super cheesy, but one of my favorite movies, Rocky Four specifically, but I like all of them.
I actually almost put on my shirt this morning I bought from it from vendor just outside the steps, so. Mhm. But anyway, um it has actually been 30 minutes so I could probably stay here all day and talk about movies. I do have a three day old baby to tend to. Oh,
really, enjoyed the conversation, so
um yeah, I'll watch pacific rim some time and think of you and be looking for your novel.
All right, we'll talk to you later.