Hi,
I'm all right, how are you?
I'm from pennsylvania, Where are you from?
What do I do? Uh Right now, Not much. I actually quit my job a couple weeks back uh and I'm currently unemployed. Yeah.
Yeah. Right now I guess so.
How about you?
Wow, that's that's pretty impressive.
Before I quit. I was it was a retail job, which was always supposed to be a temporary thing after I graduated college and then from how I was there for two years and it was like, well there's a whole thing. I live with my parents and my mom is like high risk and I didn't want to go back to my retail job and you
know,
it was just kind of like, well I never meant to stay at this job this long anyway, so I don't miss it too much.
My degree is in art and Art history. Um My dream job would be working in a museum. Um That's kind of what I would like to do currently. No not all museums are open right now and I'm like well I guess I'm not gonna do that right now but
hopefully.
that yeah that that is pretty pretty big news.
I um. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh is that norman Rockwell?
Yeah that's awesome. I I don't know I love like going to museums and seeing all the different like exhibits and stuff because
like I really don't have like one specific kind of art that I like. I like everything I really do so like it's always just so just so neat.
I
do I do paint. Um I was technically I was technically a studio art focus um with my degree that but that was I could never I could never choose that. That was really like they were like pick one and I was like okay fine I'll do a studio. But um yeah I like to paint um I mostly paint what I call like weird portraits for like people but I do things that are unusual with it so
sort of yeah sort of yeah
um
Yeah so I don't know can you tell me a little bit about your job? I think that's like really interesting and I don't know a lot of what it entails.
Yes a long time ago.
That's
interesting. That is it's really cool.
No.
no mm did you ever like did you ever try to be an astronaut or?
Yeah still though I mean wow
what?
Yeah what what did you get your degree in?
All
no I actually it's it's a local colleges Lebanon Valley College um Which I mean my dad went there and so it was kind of yeah. How about you?
Yeah
so I uh I live in Lebanon pennsylvania which is central to its actually if you know like lancaster Amish country, it's one county over from Lancaster.
Well that was that I actually grew up in philadelphia so it was like my parents were like from Lebanon
where I live Central P. A. And then like when I was like a baby we moved to philadelphia and so I grew up there and then came back here and this is where I went to school
and everything. But yeah philadelphia I like philadelphia. I would I would move back there.
It's the thing I thought about.
I have
never been to Alabama.
What?
Yeah. I I haven't done much traveling at all. I haven't gotten very far south, I haven't gotten very far west, just kind of like a circle around pennsylvania is all over.
I was before this
year
was everything that turned out to be, I was going to like do some traveling this year and I was going to visit some friends because I have friends that live all over and I was going to, it's kind of doing some stuff, but then, you know,
Yeah, yeah, so I'll see evening. Hmm.
Oh man. Um I that's a hard decision. I would, I mean I would probably, I was planning on visiting the west coast because I have friends in California and I have friends in Oregon, like one of those two places and then I would like visit my friends and then hang out and you know, like see all the stuff that's there. Um but like anywhere anywhere I don't know like because I've never even I've never even left the United States like so I would definitely like to like go somewhere in europe or Asia or something to
give me just a second. Still
have a house phone and okay, someone else will answer that. Sorry.
It's yeah, my mom's in her. Six
um
europe.
Oh man. Um I always wanted to visit France when I mean yeah,
I still I still would like to and like um like all the museums there and everything. Um So that's probably my number one for europe, but
honestly like pretty much anywhere I really would go, pretty much any.
Um Mhm.
Do you have any pets?
The hug you?
I have two caps. Yeah. I um the I mean they're cats. What one wants a black cat? Ones in black and white cat? Um But uh But yeah I like dogs too. Like um when I was growing up we had like both like we had a dog and a cat and so I don't really consider myself like a cat person. Like I like both.
But yeah I I would definitely like I would have like in the future like I would have a dog again. I like
I like
small dogs though. Probably like your yorkie.
Yeah.
Yeah dogs are nice. Yeah.
Um
So what kind of stuff are you interested in? Like tv movies? Video games. Yeah.
Uh huh. Oh my gosh, congratulations.
mm. Yeah that was a good one.
Um Okay well I like to paint, I really like
I like movies I like in the before times. I was always like I would see like a movie a week at the theater and I would like see movies opening week and everything. Um I'm so like movies love them. Uh
And I mean what else do I do?
I I mean I'm I write I'm like an aspiring writer always firing. Uh
So that's fun. I mostly write like like fantasy type stuff. Uh
More like um I do stuff
like set
in like modern times, more like urban fantasy stuff. Like if you ever um like the dressed in files kind of you ever heard of that? That's a
But yeah more like stuff set in like modern day in lake cities and stuff but with like monsters and magic and stuff.
Yeah. You know, I'd eventually like to uh finished a novel
and like maybe get published. But
I haven't done that yet. I have finished anything to like the level of but hey, maybe maybe someday I just got to keep working on it.
Well. Thank you.
I do I haven't been weirdly, you'd think I have all this time to read now, but for some reason I just haven't had the attention span to read.
I do
read I also read a lot of fantasy, but I'm
with what
I read, I read all sorts like you know more Lord of the Rings type stuff and more of like the stuff like I write. And I
also I read like a little bit of nonfiction. I I like um with nonfiction I'm more like like books
that are like collections of like essays or like collections of, because if it's one really long burke nonfiction book on one topic, I can't it doesn't hold my interest long enough, but if it has like different stuff in it that I can read. Um But yeah, I don't know, I want to start reading more again for some reason you think it's like all the time in the world you think I'd be reading more, but Mhm.
You know that is that is the one that I would like to read and it's also just kind of funny to me because the last book I finished was actually dracula
so
kind of in the same in the same vein. Um Yeah,
I I enjoyed it, it was like um dracula was like kind of like different than I expected a little bit, but
it was
but but it was still really enjoyable and also really enjoyable like having like because I watch a lot of like horror movies and I've watched a whole lot of different like adaptations of dracula. So it was like kind of interesting finally reading like the original source material.
I'm into like eighties horror movies mostly. Uh I feel like uh okay, hard to pick just one. Uh but like Hell raiser, The Lost Boys and Bright Night, the original 85 version, not the remake
fright Night.
It's a it's a it's a vampire movie,
it's a
vampire
movie and it's kind of kind of goofy in some ways, but I really like it.
I
definitely with Hellraiser um I think the first two of them are on like an entirely different level than the rest of them. So definitely like if you wanted to
sit down and watch a Hellraiser movie, watch like
watch the first one because after the second one, I think like the quality just like drops uh
Yeah, I mean like, you know like Jason's in like space during one of
wow, that'd be cool.
Yeah, it really would have. Oh my gosh, I am. Yeah,
no, I definitely, I mean Evil Dad, I love Evil Dad too. So that's really good.
Mm Oh my gosh.
Oh man. Yeah, that one was, I honestly remember very little from the remake, but I think that's good. I think it's good that I remember very little of like, I definitely saw it, but I'm like but yeah,
I am.
Oh, I was just gonna say that actually one of my like hobbies and the before times was uh I would go to like these horror conventions. So like, you know if you like a comic con but for for horror movies and so like those are always really fun. And there's always like, you know like actors and stuff
from the movies. It's always just kind of cool to like I don't just hear what because they do like Q. And A's and stuff and just hear what they have to say because they had like a couple different guys that played Jason at those shows. So it's cool to just like hear them talk about like the stunts and stuff that
they did.
would have been cool. I never actually met him. I was like I was at an event that he like EMC at one of the at one of the conventions that he I've always thought he would be really cool to like me.
You know what? Not really? Um Because I am more into like genre stuff. I mean I I do. Yeah. No, I I've never I've never been one of those
I know people that are, but for me because compared to that like most of the movies I like or trash compared to the
I still haven't seen it, I've been meaning to watch it and I still haven't. So it was good.
What? I think I might have seen it on prime, but I'm not sure. I'd have to double check.
Yeah, I did I did watch Birdman and I remember being a little disappointed. Like I kind of thought it was born
Oh man, I like I like I like to fight club a lot when I was a teenager but uh I don't know anymore, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I will say that when you were like a movie I liked as a teenager and but I might have just thought it was cool and edgy. The first movie that came into my brain was Donnie dark. It's so uh yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Sometimes I do think it's good to like I I very much I re watch movies all the time, but sometimes I don't know. Sometimes sometimes you just want to keep those memories intact.
Uh huh. That's really hard. That's a really hard question.
And my answer to that question,
which might not 100% be true. But usually when people ask, what's your favorite movie, I say pacific rim the movie with the giant aliens in the giant robots.
I like it. I'm a big fan of Guillermo Del Toro, who is the director. He also did like Hellboy and Pan's Labyrinth and the shape of water.
Oh my gosh, I love Hellboy. Hellboy is like one of my favorites things ever. I could go on about Hellboy but that I oh my gosh!
Love Hellboy Love. I've met Ron Perlman. It was like
the one of the best moments
of my life but specific room uh it
it's directed by Guillermo Del Toro. Um It
has
a really good cast. I
think the characters are really interesting. The monster designs and the robot designs are really cool and it has a really good soundtrack. So natural recommendation for pacific rim. What's your
favorite movie?
Oh my gosh, airplane. I love you.
When when you were in philadelphia, did you go to the steps of the art museum?
that's much more important. All right.
Yeah, me too.
All right. Thanks.