SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. What? Shit. Mhm. So, what's this? Mm hmm. Wait research. All right. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Go away thing. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mm. Okay. That's right. To watch. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, yeah. And let's take a quick. All right. Okay. Nick what? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, took to do to do do check partner. What is he used? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. You know? Okay. Right. Mhm. Great. You want one? Well, I think you look how I feel, yep. We're just waiting to do what to do. Mhm. Yeah, I don't know if my check partner is gonna show up. Yeah, probably like an army and let me where you can wait for food for like an hour yet. You'll be okay. Yeah. For me. All right. You can stay here because you're a good quiet little cat. You don't get obnoxious. Never wondering. I don't think my chair, but he's gonna show up or maybe they're just not a very timely person. Come on. Yeah. Heart. I love you. Thank you. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Record.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. I'm good I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: Well?
SPEAKER_R: turn my leg up a little bit just because it looks like it's dark.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. What's your?
SPEAKER_R: my name is Wendy,
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay Wendy. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: yep just give me one second. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I was hoping that putting my shade down would help a little bit but it's still a little dark that might be a little bit better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: or something
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: good. How are you? Very located?
SPEAKER_R: I am in Northern Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, me too. Well.
SPEAKER_R: Are you really?
SPEAKER_L: Oh like we're like whereabouts in Wisconsin? Are you
SPEAKER_R: And phillips? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: So phillips is northern more northern. I'm in Athens. Uh
SPEAKER_R: okay
SPEAKER_L: do you know where that is?
SPEAKER_R: I do I'm taking my my I took my dogs to the vet there. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh, multiple dogs?
SPEAKER_R: I did. Um I had they both died last year like within six weeks of each other her cell.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: But one of them had he was a german shepherd and he had some issues with his knees and needed to have surgery so that I took him to the vet in Athens. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: A long a german shepherd. That's actually my list for the dog to get. We got an old doberman and she's about how I think this year will be it. But then german shepherd because I think they're good protection dogs and Beautiful. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah he was a good boy. Um So what was your name?
SPEAKER_L: Sarah
SPEAKER_R: Sarah. Okay. What do you do? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now I don't do anything. I was working at the hospital, just part time cleaning position. All I get other positions there too. But uh in Marshfield they just like a month and a half ago they just said yeah, we will have you come back? No, I'm not sure um if that is true or not. Well kind of stay tuned for a couple more weeks and see otherwise then I'm gonna got to find something else. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I'm working every day for the electric co op here. Um So it's or an essential business. Um My job isn't really essential, I do hr but um you know the offices open as far as we have employees here working, so I have to be here um We closed the lobby right? Or like the third week in March I think like right after the
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: wherever the pandemic thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I think I've worked from home like three days maybe in the last seven weeks, so not as much as I would like to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So how old is your dog?
SPEAKER_L: She's 13. Yeah. Then
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we have it, but other than that, that's it for us. Did you get any other pets or?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't I started thinking about getting a puppy again or like a younger dog. My um my youngest cat for a load from work, she uh she's in college like her last year of school um she was working for cole's part time and a clear um and they furloughed pretty much everybody and then they kind of went to, you know, you could order stuff online and pick it up at the store but they didn't call her back. Um So she came back home um and she's been she was my last one, you know, out of the house, I was kind of empty nest there for all winter and um and now she's back there and just kind of china. I moved from a like a four bedroom house to a two bedroom house a year and a half ago when the other two left. And um so we're a little little tight quarters and I just got out of the Air Force, so he'll be moving back home at the end of the month. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: cozy again.
SPEAKER_R: they're like they're boom a ring, you know back home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that works and that's there's nothing wrong with that and probably have to support from you and vice versa, I would think, you know, a little bit so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen my son since um he helped us move and that was in at the end of september in 2018. That's the last time I saw him so yeah and then um he had some medical stuff going on and um I was just he was having a hard time even being able to take off time to go see his doctor because he was stationed in my nut. But his endocrinologist was in Fargo and it's like a I remember like it's a long drive, it's like a 4.5 hour drive and
SPEAKER_L: things are really far out there from what I am,
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah and they were having a hard time giving him time off to even go back to see the doctor after he had his he had some radiation therapy and um he was just like this is kind of bogus and his contract came up, he was in for six years and um, you know, some of his contract was done. He said that's it, I'm done, I'm not not staying. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Now is your daughter doing online, Is she able to do like online stuff for college?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Her program is all online is through Southern New Hampshire University. So she's um, she's actually, but they do an accelerated program. So it's the only take two classes at a time, but their, you know, their eight week program. So um,
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of intact.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Um, and spent kind of interesting because she was when she was living at home with me, which she did just until last fall. Um, she'd be like, you know, mom, can you check this and read this or you know, listen to me, read it and make sure makes sense. And she moved out and there was no more of that. Like she figured it all out on her own. She need any help now that she's been back home. She's like, hey mom, can you read this cage? You know, It's like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: getting the same grades that you were when I like, you just need to have confidence in yourself to know that you understand what you're learning, you know? Um So that's been kind of interesting to, but she'll take classes through the summer, which is nice. So I think she'll be done like the end of this year, early next year. Um but she's, my middle one is in Madison, so the youngest in the middle one are going to move into an apartment together in august. So there's a little bit of like kind of in and out with the kids, you know, over the last year or so. Um So that'll be nice for them. And then I don't know my son is going to go to school, but he doesn't know where yet.
SPEAKER_L: The one
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: that's coming back from the air force or Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He was insecurity forces and they don't, you know, they don't do a whole lot of like preparing them for the civilian world. I think they kind of think they're going to get them in there and keep them in there for their career. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Well you can be proud. I mean there's nothing to be ashamed of that and if he's going to continue to go on to something else then hopefully
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's something that he likes to do and it works out well for him. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, hopefully everybody you get to see like a little bit more often. I mean that's a long time to go without seeing your loved one or a family member. I've always struggled with that, you know, going to a good school but then having to be away from family members, it's not something I'm comfortable with so. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the rough,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How about your family? How are you guys doing through through the
SPEAKER_L: everybody.
SPEAKER_R: pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Um My sister works in the medical industry, she's, you know, I text her a little bit. She's like, yeah, but they've got lots of changes, I guess. Her husband was accepted into a doctorate program, so they're talking about moving, it's kind of up in the air, it's like, oh there's all these changes happening kind of end of the summer kind of. Um And then my one brother, he's running a lumberyard. He says they're busy, but it's just kind of like, yeah, for how long or what, where is that going to go? Exactly, we have to stay tuned. Um And my one brother has been laid off at the cheese factory over in Spencer. So and he's kind of nervous because he just built a new house and everything, but he
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: resourceful. I have faith that will all be okay. I'm more my parents who are in their seventies and my mom has, she's had cancer in the past. She's got high blood pressure. And I asked her like last week because she said, oh well everybody was at all. He's had like nine in the morning. There was already 15 people ready to go in the store. I said, why would, why would
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you need to go on the store? Why don't you just do the online pick up? We gotta go in and pick it up. I said, well, you wore a mask. I trust my immune system more than that. I just, I'm going, okay, well, it's your choice. You're an adult. I can't really stop you for much, but at the same time, it's like, I don't know if I'll ever, you know what if something happens? I don't want that to be the scenario and she's retired hers. So I just like, yeah, but my dad is kind of more like uh right wing conspiracy theory type guy. So he's kind
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: my dad is too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot in what class? And you're like, I'm full guns and whatever to like, I want my freedoms and my choices, but at the same time, like why can't we just put on a little mass going
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: on?
SPEAKER_R: not that hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's a small convenience for making sure that maybe my health and your health will be protected, especially if you're in a category. So that's my biggest concern. And then we have some friends and other family that are like diabetic and high risk and it's just kind of like, okay, hopefully, how are you doing with the social distancing, I mean, aside from your daughter being home, but
SPEAKER_R: I you know, I'm fine with it. I I moved like 10 miles out of town when I moved so I you know I have plenty of things to do there. I bought um the
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: property that I'm on had there was an adjacent property has like this little rundown cabin on it. So I've been working on like just cleaning that out, trying to you know get the musty smell out of it and stuff like
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: that and um
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and I am totally fine like being by myself for extended periods of time. I have no issue with that. The hardest thing for me is coming into work and other people not you know like we have um with two people in our finance department and they are on a rotating schedule. So one is in for three days of the week and then the other ones and for the other two days. So the one came in today for her work today and tomorrow And first thing can I give you a hug? And I like stay away. No like you know six weeks ago I probably was a journal about that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: saying.
SPEAKER_R: Um And I understand that you you miss being here and you know you'd rather be here than that because that's where like a lot of your social life because you spend a lot of time with the people you work with. But
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: um you know and I'm like nope like if I could just keep my door closed and I have to talk to anybody all day, I'd be you know fine with that. And I actually started doing, we only have one grocery store in town um and they started doing the online ordering like right before the virus stuff really picked up. Um So I've been doing that for the last four or five weeks. I love it because
SPEAKER_L: me too.
SPEAKER_R: and especially
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: like so if you order something and they need to substitute it, you're going to get something better for the same price and I love that.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. I got like extra dish so okay, that works.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah or like better potatoes, like they wrote the £5 bag of potatoes, I have £5 of baking potatoes, like that's great, so I'm with that, the hardest thing for me is um my boyfriend lives in college girl, so I am, you know, don't get to see him. I was down there like every
SPEAKER_L: To grow in relations.
SPEAKER_R: it's like it's a suburb of Madison. Yeah, so he works in Madison and my actually my middle child is there too, she works for you w health. Um But so I haven't seen either one of them, you know the whole thing started.
SPEAKER_L: Madison is doing this surprisingly good job. It seems like keeping it to a minimum. You're just like, it seems like people are kind of getting the idea there and then you look at some other places and you vote what's going on there, But it's just, it's going to kind of keep moving in people. So I don't know, you know, if you don't get used to the idea of putting the master not hugging or whatever for as long as we are going to have to do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: have to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a little surprised that my dad is doing as well with it um as he is, but um my mom died a few years ago and he got to be friends with this woman who is um you know, quite a bit younger, but she's a nurse and she is still working. Um and my dad is 80 so he's kinda you know, I sort of think about that generation, it's like they didn't really have a whole lot of hardship that they had to live through, like they lived through World War Two, but they were kids like he was a kid at that point, you know, he was born in 39. So um so I think a lot of that stuff didn't really affect him and there was nothing else in his life that was kind of of this magnitude, you know, and he's like I said he's the right wing, you know lover, it's like, oh God, and that kind of estranged us, you know, quite a bit over
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: the last
SPEAKER_L: I can.
SPEAKER_R: year.
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: So, um, but I will touch base with him once in a while and, and he does volunteer for rubies pantry and they did a distribution last weekend. Um, and I used to go up to do it, it's like 30 miles away. But um, there was a picture of him and he had a mask on and his girl girlfriend, I had a girlfriend or whatever she is, um, is actually off
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: because she she ended up with a fever last week.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So, so he is actually like, he will listen to anything she says. So thankfully she's kind of keeping him in line with that because I was really worried about him. He's a very social person. Can't stand to be home by himself. Um, you know, he lives by himself and um, he's kind of always all over town with her burst or you know, talking to his nephews or yeah, so, so thankfully she's kind of keeping him in line.
SPEAKER_L: that's a blessing could create. Mhm Care, weather wise, let's hear. We had about eight inches of snow here on easter. You probably got even more oh
SPEAKER_R: it was not very pleasant.
SPEAKER_L: oh people don't understand that's a part that's hard to is just waiting for the weather to get decent enough. And then it's so yo yo you know tonight I cover up on my plants because it's gonna freeze and it's like oh my goodness
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I just to be decent out but everybody does I'm sure so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I'm kind of always hoping by this time in me that I can turn my furnace off, but
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I had the whole side of like 60 last night and I thought I'm not going to do it yet. And the first was running the smart. I like hanging.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's been a little bit colder like just, yeah come on mate what's going on that? We used to be it? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I like to listen to the frogs at night. So I'm,
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: window
SPEAKER_R: know, they're, yeah, swamp there where I live. So I get to hear the fries, but it's, I haven't been able to have the windows open.
SPEAKER_L: not all right but then there's be really hot. I don't know if you've heard that I don't know how accurate is that. We just have to wait and see early. Do you guys go fishing you and your boyfriend or anything or?
SPEAKER_R: I used to fish
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: quite a bit. Um, we do more kayaking, biking, um,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: running stuff like that. So it's like this is good weather for biking and running, but actually preferred a little bit warmer than he does. So. And I haven't been doing any of that stuff. You know, I've been putting in a lot like, well not a lot, but some extra hours at work because of just because of my position. So when all the fires stuff hit, it was like almost hourly how things were changing. And I was getting, you know, we belong to a statewide group in a nationwide group and um, a lot of different like law firms were sending us stuff and things like that. I was trying to figure out because we have um, we kind of went from having a good number of people who have been here for 20 plus years and they all retired. like you know within the last four or five years now we have a younger group of people that have, you know they have little kids and just trying to figure out kind of how to manage um the paid time off that they are eligible for and the fact that we only have 20 employees to start with and you know making sure that we're telling everybody how to keep themselves safe and trying to you know,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: to teach
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: how to distant. Yeah and we're kind of running the same thing everywhere else that people are getting tired of doing it and they're not paying attention and you know and then trying to get
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: him back in the mind. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know what I struggle. We don't have kids better in school or anything, but I'm sure I was a daycare teacher for five years. And when it was always just like what a big situation to sort out with the parents that are going to work. So I'm sure, you know, it's been really difficult for people to say where these kids going to go or I have concerns about the quality of the online education that maybe they're receiving. Um And it's just kind of like, well, that's very tricky. But at this point we're almost done with the school year anyway. You know, it's just kind of, yeah, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then you know rural internet, I'm sure it's probably the same in Athens and it's just it's hard to get decent internet. There's no there's fiber in town here but not out, I mean you get a mile out of town and there isn't any, you know, so um.
SPEAKER_L: one choice of provider and I'm not and then it went off three times yesterday. I had to go and turn it back on and
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: some days are fine and other days it just goes, we're not going to give you the services all the time. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's been heard for us too because we have we have, you know a few people kind of working remotely and it's like I said it's kind of sporadic. So one day it's one person and another day it might be two people but everybody just because of where we are there, everyone lives in the country, you know? So like I had a meeting scheduled with like a customer service manager today and she's like well we can try but I'm not going to guarantee anything because you know, we were supposed to meet yesterday at one and it went out at 12 53. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My goodness. Yeah. Come back on for until I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. She said it was kind of off and on, but I guess they're actually doing some upgrades or something maybe in her area. So hopefully it will get better if we have to do this for any length of time, which it kind of seems like we might be. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, the reality is kind of setting in, I don't know about for you, but if I was going to say, like, when they
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: first started the sweeps of like, the bars and the restaurants being closed, it was like, what? And I said, well, this is too much to take in all at one time, I just can't. And I just stopped and I said to myself, I can try to digest this, but I know myself better than that. Not able to just compute this all. At one time, I'm going to have to say, we'll do what we can do this week. And then I was like, going on sanitizing freak out fast. Like, is everything the car okay? That's not going to keep happening. You want all the gloves pretty quick and you can find loves you, like, best, you're not going to last for, you know, for for six months
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: or eight
SPEAKER_R: Ever.
SPEAKER_L: months. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you all do what I can do, but just one week at a time. And then at some point I say, we'll be at like, one month at a time, you know?
SPEAKER_R: write him. Yeah. Yeah. That's been a challenge for here too because we've been trying to encourage like the the line crew, you know, to wipe down their trucks at least once a day. So wipe the door handles, wipe the shift lever is, wipe anything that you touched in that truck, you know, So then, and then you can't find anything or like, you
SPEAKER_L: Too
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: late now. It
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I've been using Pop Card which tells you when things are available online, you kind of have to watch it and then you have to get to the website and then get an order placed before it sells out again. So like they'll track things like um well it was toilet paper and paper towels but like hand sanitizer and and um Clorox wipes and things like that. Um So that worked for a little while and you know like our grocery store when they get a shipment of something it's like you can get one hands there one Clorox wipe container at a time since like all right we'll stop on my way into work then I'll run at lunchtime. They'll stop afterward because we have 10 10 trucks that need to be cleaned at least once a day. You know they go through those things really fast.
SPEAKER_L: right when you got to think about all the things that are being touched? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, next, I think for me too, I was like, well, why? Why am I going to be selfish? Because I'm not, I don't need to go out there. Um, too much obviously. So it's like, I'm not gonna sit here and snatch up all the gloves just for me when other people who are in a curious situation, especially like if they're high risk or something, they might need them. So I'm not gonna, you know, worry about trying to put it in my cart and get tough or whatever. I just let it
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: go and figure out what other alternatives I have for or not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We had I think one of the hardest things for us and it's the same thing as clubs and you know, and it's still Clorox wipes are still hard, but one of the hardest things has been hand sanitizer. There's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: get that.
SPEAKER_R: well, you know, they don't like on the trucks, they're out in the field all, they, they don't have access to soap and water and they eat their lunch in their trucks and you know, so it's like, they kind of really need it. Um, so one of them, I don't know how he found out, but um there's a distillery in Managua and they converted over to making hand sanitizer. So I got ahold of that guy and it was like, it was really nice because I emailed him and within like five minutes he had gotten back to me and he's like,
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: he said, I'm making stuff for the forest service, I can have it ready for you in a week, which to me it's like, you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: know, it's wonderful if I don't have to wait a week. And I mean the stuff I ordered on March 13th that still hasn't been delivered, so which I don't think I'll ever see. So I have 33 arms and sanitizer from the distillery and um you know, the guys are happy because they eat their lunch with clean hands and you know, we're kind of back to like the simple things, I can think. It's nice to feel, wash your hands. Yeah, thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Looking for granted up things is definitely, I think it should be hopes thinking and what some people like, maybe we shouldn't be taking everything for granted and be thankful for the available to us and yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So what what's it like to not have to go to work? I mean, I imagine like at first it's like this is great, but then after miles got a, I would be worse.
SPEAKER_L: look freshly because the weather so I only work part time or casual status at the hospital. But um I worked about three days a week and then I do help my significant other. He has an essential business so I've always helped him. He has been busier so I've been helping him. Um But it's not like something that I believe and in love with doing you know I'm welcome because he's busy and that kind of thing. Um And then yeah it's just been really kind of lonely. I mean he's the only person in really having conversations with so thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: you are welcome. I
SPEAKER_L: Do you want?
SPEAKER_R: you know this was like I go through these spurts where it's like oh I should really try to do something different that I'm not comfortable with, you know? So I was having one of those moments yesterday where it's like why not? You know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah a little bit kind of thing. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: You can get 15 bucks. Okay. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: I know yeah
SPEAKER_L: Not bad to have a conversation. Sure you know normally at work I wouldn't necessarily have a lot of conversations if I'm busy but I have the chance to have at least a few small conversations now.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I'm only talking to him and that's like certainly drive me a little crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I cannot imagine and you have to be a saint I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't say that. No, I'll just drive to a parking lot and sit in my car and listen to music because I'm like, I just can't take it like right or getting out, you know, or getting, getting anywhere at the same time. I don't feel safe really going to a place where people are just not wearing masks well and then I don't know for Philips, but around here a lot of Amish and Mennonite you don't believe in wearing masks and I believe in tolerance and the right to their own religious beliefs. But you know, it's kind of like, well you could have it and be spreading it. So
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it's just one of the things like, I don't feel as safe as I could feel I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for sure yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. Like a roller coaster. Just a big roller coaster.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's kind of weird because somebody's feels so normal and other days it's just like this is just some kind of weird dream that when I wake up tomorrow it's gonna be gone again, you know it's just yeah it's it's definitely that
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I don't know
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: why anything on the news or anything before like marches or february. I remember in like january sometime there was like something in my news feed and I was like this, it says leaked some leaked video from china. So I click and I remember looking at it and I said to myself, well this could be fake news. It's so weird. It seems so bizarre. So is it? Well that somebody is just trying to freak me out because if this is legit then this is scary.
SPEAKER_R: it's yeah Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I had actually,
SPEAKER_L: here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um so we do monthly board meetings with our board of directors and one of the things that my boss had me do for our meeting last week was put together like a chronology of the covid stuff, so I went back um and I put in like the national news stuff which went back to the end of january and then I put like when we started doing things here internally, um you know, the things that we did and kind of how all those things progress and it was like, and I went day by day, you know, and it was, it was like, wow, holy cow, like I didn't realize, but you can see like there was one report and then the next day there was one report and then all of a sudden it was like everywhere, you know, and I just exploded. So um that was kind of an interesting exercise for me because like around the middle of March, there was just like I said, I was just so overwhelmed with all the information I was getting and you know, the laws that were being passed and how we were gonna and can execute those things and make sure that we sell enough people here to work. And what happens if we lose 20% of our workforce to this for, you know, a month or whatever, and what happens if we lose half of them and what happens if we lose 80% you know, and it's um it was just it was so overwhelming when we were in it and now that we're kind of past all the panic part of it, trying to figure out what we're gonna do next, and I'm really like, I don't want to change anything that we're doing yet. Um
SPEAKER_L: There if it's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's working and I'm afraid that we're going to get pushed into doing things faster than I want to and price companies only had one case so far but they've also only tested like 125 people so. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Man, it seems like it's kind of it's not,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but then it's interesting to it. I don't know what your thoughts are on the ones really up north, like in binocular, wherever that is. How did those, how do we get there where they're all unincorporated? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. One of the early ones was actually Iron County just north of Managua there and it was an older gentleman and we had our I. T. Guys brother in law was actually on the ambulance call for that person. Um And you know he was he was in distress when his wife called 911 and by the time they got there he was dead and I think there are only two cases not in Iron County right now, so that was six weeks ago and that happened or seven weeks ago. It's like how did like you said, how did it get there and now there haven't been any more since then, you know, I mean it's odd.
SPEAKER_L: Yes it's just it's hard to make sense and try to figure out where it's going or whatever. So that's why I think it's best to just like continue to do the things that we're doing until like if you don't know to me then the obvious thing is if you just say you don't know and then precautions right. Yeah. I don't know if you saw the pennsylvania people had tried to get the state to open back up or whatever. But the Supreme
SPEAKER_R: brother.
SPEAKER_L: Court for pennsylvania actually shot that down surprisingly well. Maybe that will say where we're going with Wisconsin but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't think our Supreme Court is that
SPEAKER_L: They're a little bit
SPEAKER_R: conscious. Yeah. Yeah. I think there and you know it's interesting for me to having two people close to me who are indian county, you know kind of see you know like what's happening because they get a lot of the, you know the stuff that people who don't live there don't get. So um when the things I got this afternoon said that even if the Supreme Court rejects the length of time for the emergency order and they say it's going to end on the 11th or 12th, whatever it is that dane county is going to keep it in effect themselves. Yeah. So hopefully administrators were kind of pick up on that and say, you know, we don't want to see an explosion in cases here, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You think to me like if you're analysing or doing statistics or something you say, how many people are there per square mile or how near is a hospital that's serving patients in this position and then take account
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: and say
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: ok here's the here's the at least the you know the least amount of closures that we need to have or something if you don't do all of it. Right. Yeah. It's definitely interesting to see how things go. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've been talking with my kids, you know, it's like you're always going to remember, this is like your quarantine birthday, your everything else that you do this year is gonna be attached to. Oh that was that was the co video,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Remember that year say you have there's where
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what kind of opportunities are there for work um if you need to find a different job?
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know there's it's not looking great. I've kind of looked at a few things um you know I've done different things in my life but I'm only looking for part time because I've been helping him and that just always works out best for
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: me to do part time when you know you live in a rural area and then you're talking about driving potentially somewhere that really adds on and then taking a lunch break and everything. I've done that before and before. You know what it's like. I'm out of the house 60 hours a week, but I must be paid for 40 or something. Great. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: partner were expressed but then it's really like, oh nights and weekends or whatever. Yeah, we'll kind of have to see it. I think I'll have to do something I'm not really crazy about for a little while maybe. But hopefully things go well with the clinic and they opened back up and everything. But we, you know, we are kind of in the home setting category. We have regarding, we have wood burning, we um do maple syrup and other things. So we've always kind of been more towards self sustaining. We don't have payment, we don't have car payments, we don't have, the house
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is 100 years old, the cars aren't new, you know, it's like, but yes, it's like we'd rather have a little less and not have to have those stresses on us I think. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I have faith that it will be okay. It's just like sometimes you just gotta do what you can do,
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's hard to see how it's going to be OK, but it seems like, you know, with that kind of perspective that it does turn out All right,
SPEAKER_L: I think, yeah, because you know, I've been in situations to where honestly like I didn't have a good place to stay for a while and you go, well, we still have the ability to brush your teeth every night. We have a warm bed to sleep in. We have food. I don't know about you with supply, but I'm not seeing any real meat shortage.
SPEAKER_R: We will.
SPEAKER_L: but there's just two of us. So it's not like I need to all kinds of meat or anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm not really worried about that and we're in a good situation again with the rural nous of being a go to a local farmers market or something. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that's fun,
SPEAKER_L: answer for me by
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, I do um I do an email to all our employees every morning, just kind of trying to keep everyone sort of in the loop because everybody sat in the building, you know, and I I kind of brought that up and I said, you know, here's what they're saying, but this would probably be a really great time to start going to the butcher shop across the road, you know, because that's going
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: to be
SPEAKER_L: also,
SPEAKER_R: local, me, that's going to be local dairy, you know, it's probably the best way to support the people in your community to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I realized that too, we um that first that week of ST Patrick's day with the panic with the toilet paper, well loan pulled, I do very, very organized shopping and we needed toilet paper that week and I'm like, I'm like, I'm voted a small grocery store in town, that's very limited and I'll be able to tell when I go in there how crazy it is in Marshfield er Watson if I should even bother going, you know when I went in there and it was nuts and their shelves were interesting, so I was like, no, I don't think I'm gonna bother driving anywhere, I'll just get the really toilet paper here. Unfortunately, every good
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that I went down to the local like little Mennonite store and I realized actually I can get a lot of things there that are good and good products, cakes,
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: eggs, grass fed milk, good quality, some of it might be a little more, some of it might be a little less and I'm like this is actually probably the best thing for everybody. Yeah, so like that's a really good point, you know, go to the local places and if you want to keep your community are safe community, you know, we'll continue to have it and we should try to support one another.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, it's definitely the time to try to do that as much as possible. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: So worried
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: for the evening, anything probably.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know um the youngest still be there and we'll probably have frozen pizza for supper because I've been every day after work, I've been working on that cabin, you know, and there's there's no power down there and there's no water down there, so it's it's not that far from my house, it's like right across the property line um and it's like five acres altogether for all of it, so it's not that big. But um I need to like I need to put roll by my sled so I can hold my bags of garbage up, get rid of them, and then just like start washing wall so I can paint and you know, tear the carpet out and things like that. So that's been my it's been really good for me because I was going to be a little bit of a couch potato after work, like I would just be so drained from and my boss is very demanding. So it's a lot of like listening all day long and getting, you know, there's like there's the priorities are changing constantly. So um so I get home and like I would eat a bowl of cereal for dinner and I just like crash like I just go to bed because I was too tired to do it. Maybe play a game of cribbage
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: animal, my boyfriend. But you know, other than I was like, yeah, but now that it's it's light later in the evening, um you know, I like that little bit easier for me to to kind of get with it and get some things done. So has been my project and that's been good for me.
SPEAKER_L: And fresh air, a little exercise. Yeah. Sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: How about you
SPEAKER_L: I just like covering up the plants, probably figure out something for dinner and then yeah, just cover up the plants and that's about it. It's yeah,
SPEAKER_R: compliment?
SPEAKER_L: watching a lot of like eighties and nineties movies or like Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah I think my my person when he gets back it's gonna be like all right, so here is like all the things from my childhood that you haven't gotten a chance to see and now you're gonna learn
SPEAKER_L: effort.
SPEAKER_R: what it's like to grow up in the eighties.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Mhm. A lot of good stuff there. So
SPEAKER_R: there is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what's funny? We're like movies.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I was like I like the john Hughes movies so Breakfast Club pretty in pink. 16 candles,
SPEAKER_L: Well then that kind of stuff. Is that red? The red haired one? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was just might be a little younger. I'm just like, I saw some of that stuff. Maybe it wasn't appropriate now that breakfast club was probably not appropriate for a two year old to be watching.
SPEAKER_R: No probably not
SPEAKER_L: I'm it seemed very educational at the time. I needed to are
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: oh that's what I have to do to talk to boys. No no no.
SPEAKER_L: Here's what not to do or something wrong. A bunch of confusion. I was like, what? Okay. Yeah. Boys,
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: girls. That sounds about right. It's difficult. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like The Princess Bride. I feel like that's just one of
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: the best ever
SPEAKER_R: green movie up?
SPEAKER_L: teacher. I tried to show it to some of the kids there is like, oh they're going to just love this and that would be passing on something and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like only one of them was kind of interested and she seemed confused by it.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Like the other ones were just like this is not our thing and I was like, no, that's just great.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: It's jenny.
SPEAKER_R: it is the great, yeah, that's one of our favorites too.
SPEAKER_L: It's just some
SPEAKER_R: Bad and um uh my kids like uh monty python and the Holy Grail, That was another one that probably like my kids are going to quote movies. It's going to be one of those two. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Oh, I'm so glad that I did this
SPEAKER_L: Yes, me too. Absolutely. It's been really nice chatting with you and just hearing
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that you're kind of in the same boat, but you feel the same way. It's just nice to have that confirmation that, you know, we're in with, but we're not with that, that necessarily vibe of like we gotta open up right away. Let's
SPEAKER_R: Ready.
SPEAKER_L: open it. Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It'll be nice nice when it happens. But I think very different. And um my one of my mom's cousins lives in Washington State and um we were in touch a few weeks ago and he's like, well what do you think? And I said I think we're going to watch movies and tv shows and be like where those people standing so close to each other. Mm
SPEAKER_L: mhm. You know, and I just feel like it's hard to, you can think people would say, oh everything's going to open up and it's just going to go right back to the way it was. So if you look at these meat plants or other things, which there is a lot of meat plants and cheese plants around here and you go kind of a matter of time before something happens there
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: um and you know, even if they're functioning because they're essential, well, if one of them gets sick or two or three or however many gets sick and then multiple gets like then we've seen they have to close or when you have a certain percent of your workforce, like you were saying like, how many have to be out, well, then you kind of have to do things different operate differently. So if you did open everything up, that's great, yep, open everything up, but that doesn't necessarily mean that everything is just going to go along smoothly, foolish to think that way. It just to me it is, it's foolish
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: to tell yourself that. I think you're in denial if you want, you know, you want to tell yourself that, but it's just not going to be that way until we have
SPEAKER_R: frank.
SPEAKER_L: a vaccine or really good treatment or whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, it's nice to hear about your dad and your boyfriend and your Children and everything, your local dogs that they're not with you anymore. But hopefully hopefully something comes up pretty soon. You're sounds like you're enjoying your work
SPEAKER_R: Step
SPEAKER_L: on the cabin. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. It was so nice chatting with you. I appreciate the time.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Usually when
SPEAKER_R: Have a good night.
SPEAKER_L: you take care,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. You, too. I mhm.