I
how are you?
Good. I'm good I'm gonna
turn my leg up a little bit just because it looks like it's dark.
my name is Wendy,
yep just give me one second. Yeah
I was hoping that putting my shade down would help a little bit but it's still a little dark that might be a little bit better. Yeah.
How are you?
I am in Northern Wisconsin.
Are you really?
And phillips? Oh.
okay
I do I'm taking my my I took my dogs to the vet there. Yeah. Yeah
I did. Um I had they both died last year like within six weeks of each other her cell.
But one of them had he was a german shepherd and he had some issues with his knees and needed to have surgery so that I took him to the vet in Athens. Yeah.
yeah yeah he was a good boy. Um So what was your name?
Sarah. Okay. What do you do? Yeah.
Um Well I'm working every day for the electric co op here. Um So it's or an essential business. Um My job isn't really essential, I do hr but um you know the offices open as far as we have employees here working, so I have to be here um We closed the lobby right? Or like the third week in March I think like right after the
wherever the pandemic thing. Yeah.
Yeah, so I think I've worked from home like three days maybe in the last seven weeks, so not as much as I would like to. Yeah.
So how old is your dog?
Yeah.
I haven't I started thinking about getting a puppy again or like a younger dog. My um my youngest cat for a load from work, she uh she's in college like her last year of school um she was working for cole's part time and a clear um and they furloughed pretty much everybody and then they kind of went to, you know, you could order stuff online and pick it up at the store but they didn't call her back. Um So she came back home um and she's been she was my last one, you know, out of the house, I was kind of empty nest there for all winter and um and now she's back there and just kind of china. I moved from a like a four bedroom house to a two bedroom house a year and a half ago when the other two left. And um so we're a little little tight quarters and I just got out of the Air Force, so he'll be moving back home at the end of the month. Yeah,
they're like they're boom a ring, you know back home.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen my son since um he helped us move and that was in at the end of september in 2018. That's the last time I saw him so yeah and then um he had some medical stuff going on and um I was just he was having a hard time even being able to take off time to go see his doctor because he was stationed in my nut. But his endocrinologist was in Fargo and it's like a I remember like it's a long drive, it's like a 4.5 hour drive and
yeah yeah and they were having a hard time giving him time off to even go back to see the doctor after he had his he had some radiation therapy and um he was just like this is kind of bogus and his contract came up, he was in for six years and um, you know, some of his contract was done. He said that's it, I'm done, I'm not not staying. Yeah,
Yeah. Her program is all online is through Southern New Hampshire University. So she's um, she's actually, but they do an accelerated program. So it's the only take two classes at a time, but their, you know, their eight week program. So um,
yeah. Um, and spent kind of interesting because she was when she was living at home with me, which she did just until last fall. Um, she'd be like, you know, mom, can you check this and read this or you know, listen to me, read it and make sure makes sense. And she moved out and there was no more of that. Like she figured it all out on her own. She need any help now that she's been back home. She's like, hey mom, can you read this cage? You know, It's like
you're
getting the same grades that you were when I like, you just need to have confidence in yourself to know that you understand what you're learning, you know? Um So that's been kind of interesting to, but she'll take classes through the summer, which is nice. So I think she'll be done like the end of this year, early next year. Um but she's, my middle one is in Madison, so the youngest in the middle one are going to move into an apartment together in august. So there's a little bit of like kind of in and out with the kids, you know, over the last year or so. Um So that'll be nice for them. And then I don't know my son is going to go to school, but he doesn't know where yet.
True.
Yeah. He was insecurity forces and they don't, you know, they don't do a whole lot of like preparing them for the civilian world. I think they kind of think they're going to get them in there and keep them in there for their career. Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. How about your family? How are you guys doing through through the
pandemic?
no.
What?
And
how
my dad is too. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
not that hard.
I you know, I'm fine with it. I I moved like 10 miles out of town when I moved so I you know I have plenty of things to do there. I bought um the
property that I'm on had there was an adjacent property has like this little rundown cabin on it. So I've been working on like just cleaning that out, trying to you know get the musty smell out of it and stuff like
that and um
and I am totally fine like being by myself for extended periods of time. I have no issue with that. The hardest thing for me is coming into work and other people not you know like we have um with two people in our finance department and they are on a rotating schedule. So one is in for three days of the week and then the other ones and for the other two days. So the one came in today for her work today and tomorrow And first thing can I give you a hug? And I like stay away. No like you know six weeks ago I probably was a journal about that, you know?
Um And I understand that you you miss being here and you know you'd rather be here than that because that's where like a lot of your social life because you spend a lot of time with the people you work with. But
um you know and I'm like nope like if I could just keep my door closed and I have to talk to anybody all day, I'd be you know fine with that. And I actually started doing, we only have one grocery store in town um and they started doing the online ordering like right before the virus stuff really picked up. Um So I've been doing that for the last four or five weeks. I love it because
and especially
like so if you order something and they need to substitute it, you're going to get something better for the same price and I love that.
Yeah. Yeah or like better potatoes, like they wrote the £5 bag of potatoes, I have £5 of baking potatoes, like that's great, so I'm with that, the hardest thing for me is um my boyfriend lives in college girl, so I am, you know, don't get to see him. I was down there like every
it's like it's a suburb of Madison. Yeah, so he works in Madison and my actually my middle child is there too, she works for you w health. Um But so I haven't seen either one of them, you know the whole thing started.
I
have to. Yeah.
Yeah,
I'm a little surprised that my dad is doing as well with it um as he is, but um my mom died a few years ago and he got to be friends with this woman who is um you know, quite a bit younger, but she's a nurse and she is still working. Um and my dad is 80 so he's kinda you know, I sort of think about that generation, it's like they didn't really have a whole lot of hardship that they had to live through, like they lived through World War Two, but they were kids like he was a kid at that point, you know, he was born in 39. So um so I think a lot of that stuff didn't really affect him and there was nothing else in his life that was kind of of this magnitude, you know, and he's like I said he's the right wing, you know lover, it's like, oh God, and that kind of estranged us, you know, quite a bit over
the last
year.
So, um, but I will touch base with him once in a while and, and he does volunteer for rubies pantry and they did a distribution last weekend. Um, and I used to go up to do it, it's like 30 miles away. But um, there was a picture of him and he had a mask on and his girl girlfriend, I had a girlfriend or whatever she is, um, is actually off
over
because she she ended up with a fever last week.
So, so he is actually like, he will listen to anything she says. So thankfully she's kind of keeping him in line with that because I was really worried about him. He's a very social person. Can't stand to be home by himself. Um, you know, he lives by himself and um, he's kind of always all over town with her burst or you know, talking to his nephews or yeah, so, so thankfully she's kind of keeping him in line.
it was not very pleasant.
What?
yeah. I'm kind of always hoping by this time in me that I can turn my furnace off, but
I had the whole side of like 60 last night and I thought I'm not going to do it yet. And the first was running the smart. I like hanging.
I like to listen to the frogs at night. So I'm,
you
know, they're, yeah, swamp there where I live. So I get to hear the fries, but it's, I haven't been able to have the windows open.
I used to fish
quite a bit. Um, we do more kayaking, biking, um,
running stuff like that. So it's like this is good weather for biking and running, but actually preferred a little bit warmer than he does. So. And I haven't been doing any of that stuff. You know, I've been putting in a lot like, well not a lot, but some extra hours at work because of just because of my position. So when all the fires stuff hit, it was like almost hourly how things were changing. And I was getting, you know, we belong to a statewide group in a nationwide group and um, a lot of different like law firms were sending us stuff and things like that. I was trying to figure out because we have um, we kind of went from having a good number of people who have been here for 20 plus years and they all retired. like you know within the last four or five years now we have a younger group of people that have, you know they have little kids and just trying to figure out kind of how to manage um the paid time off that they are eligible for and the fact that we only have 20 employees to start with and you know making sure that we're telling everybody how to keep themselves safe and trying to you know,
to teach
them
how to distant. Yeah and we're kind of running the same thing everywhere else that people are getting tired of doing it and they're not paying attention and you know and then trying to get
him back in the mind. Yeah.
Yeah. And then you know rural internet, I'm sure it's probably the same in Athens and it's just it's hard to get decent internet. There's no there's fiber in town here but not out, I mean you get a mile out of town and there isn't any, you know, so um.
no. Yeah.
Yeah. That's been heard for us too because we have we have, you know a few people kind of working remotely and it's like I said it's kind of sporadic. So one day it's one person and another day it might be two people but everybody just because of where we are there, everyone lives in the country, you know? So like I had a meeting scheduled with like a customer service manager today and she's like well we can try but I'm not going to guarantee anything because you know, we were supposed to meet yesterday at one and it went out at 12 53. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. She said it was kind of off and on, but I guess they're actually doing some upgrades or something maybe in her area. So hopefully it will get better if we have to do this for any length of time, which it kind of seems like we might be. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well,
Thanks.
Ever.
Yeah.
write him. Yeah. Yeah. That's been a challenge for here too because we've been trying to encourage like the the line crew, you know, to wipe down their trucks at least once a day. So wipe the door handles, wipe the shift lever is, wipe anything that you touched in that truck, you know, So then, and then you can't find anything or like, you
know.
Yeah. So I've been using Pop Card which tells you when things are available online, you kind of have to watch it and then you have to get to the website and then get an order placed before it sells out again. So like they'll track things like um well it was toilet paper and paper towels but like hand sanitizer and and um Clorox wipes and things like that. Um So that worked for a little while and you know like our grocery store when they get a shipment of something it's like you can get one hands there one Clorox wipe container at a time since like all right we'll stop on my way into work then I'll run at lunchtime. They'll stop afterward because we have 10 10 trucks that need to be cleaned at least once a day. You know they go through those things really fast.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. We had I think one of the hardest things for us and it's the same thing as clubs and you know, and it's still Clorox wipes are still hard, but one of the hardest things has been hand sanitizer. There's
the,
well, you know, they don't like on the trucks, they're out in the field all, they, they don't have access to soap and water and they eat their lunch in their trucks and you know, so it's like, they kind of really need it. Um, so one of them, I don't know how he found out, but um there's a distillery in Managua and they converted over to making hand sanitizer. So I got ahold of that guy and it was like, it was really nice because I emailed him and within like five minutes he had gotten back to me and he's like,
he said, I'm making stuff for the forest service, I can have it ready for you in a week, which to me it's like, you
know, it's wonderful if I don't have to wait a week. And I mean the stuff I ordered on March 13th that still hasn't been delivered, so which I don't think I'll ever see. So I have 33 arms and sanitizer from the distillery and um you know, the guys are happy because they eat their lunch with clean hands and you know, we're kind of back to like the simple things, I can think. It's nice to feel, wash your hands. Yeah, thank you. Yeah.
So what what's it like to not have to go to work? I mean, I imagine like at first it's like this is great, but then after miles got a, I would be worse.
you are welcome. I
you know this was like I go through these spurts where it's like oh I should really try to do something different that I'm not comfortable with, you know? So I was having one of those moments yesterday where it's like why not? You know?
yeah,
yeah,
I know yeah
All
I cannot imagine and you have to be a saint I'm sure
All
for sure yeah.
Yeah and it's kind of weird because somebody's feels so normal and other days it's just like this is just some kind of weird dream that when I wake up tomorrow it's gonna be gone again, you know it's just yeah it's it's definitely that
it's
hard.
it's yeah Right. Yeah.
I had actually,
Um so we do monthly board meetings with our board of directors and one of the things that my boss had me do for our meeting last week was put together like a chronology of the covid stuff, so I went back um and I put in like the national news stuff which went back to the end of january and then I put like when we started doing things here internally, um you know, the things that we did and kind of how all those things progress and it was like, and I went day by day, you know, and it was, it was like, wow, holy cow, like I didn't realize, but you can see like there was one report and then the next day there was one report and then all of a sudden it was like everywhere, you know, and I just exploded. So um that was kind of an interesting exercise for me because like around the middle of March, there was just like I said, I was just so overwhelmed with all the information I was getting and you know, the laws that were being passed and how we were gonna and can execute those things and make sure that we sell enough people here to work. And what happens if we lose 20% of our workforce to this for, you know, a month or whatever, and what happens if we lose half of them and what happens if we lose 80% you know, and it's um it was just it was so overwhelming when we were in it and now that we're kind of past all the panic part of it, trying to figure out what we're gonna do next, and I'm really like, I don't want to change anything that we're doing yet. Um
But
I'm
yeah that's working and I'm afraid that we're going to get pushed into doing things faster than I want to and price companies only had one case so far but they've also only tested like 125 people so. Mhm. Yeah.
What?
it's
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. One of the early ones was actually Iron County just north of Managua there and it was an older gentleman and we had our I. T. Guys brother in law was actually on the ambulance call for that person. Um And you know he was he was in distress when his wife called 911 and by the time they got there he was dead and I think there are only two cases not in Iron County right now, so that was six weeks ago and that happened or seven weeks ago. It's like how did like you said, how did it get there and now there haven't been any more since then, you know, I mean it's odd.
brother.
Yeah. I don't think our Supreme Court is that
conscious. Yeah. Yeah. I think there and you know it's interesting for me to having two people close to me who are indian county, you know kind of see you know like what's happening because they get a lot of the, you know the stuff that people who don't live there don't get. So um when the things I got this afternoon said that even if the Supreme Court rejects the length of time for the emergency order and they say it's going to end on the 11th or 12th, whatever it is that dane county is going to keep it in effect themselves. Yeah. So hopefully administrators were kind of pick up on that and say, you know, we don't want to see an explosion in cases here, you know, so
Look
at
yeah,
yeah, I've been talking with my kids, you know, it's like you're always going to remember, this is like your quarantine birthday, your everything else that you do this year is gonna be attached to. Oh that was that was the co video,
Yeah. So what kind of opportunities are there for work um if you need to find a different job?
two
yeah,
What?
Yeah.
Right. Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's hard to see how it's going to be OK, but it seems like, you know, with that kind of perspective that it does turn out All right,
We will.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah,
that's fun,
yeah, yeah, I do um I do an email to all our employees every morning, just kind of trying to keep everyone sort of in the loop because everybody sat in the building, you know, and I I kind of brought that up and I said, you know, here's what they're saying, but this would probably be a really great time to start going to the butcher shop across the road, you know, because that's going
to be
local, me, that's going to be local dairy, you know, it's probably the best way to support the people in your community to. Yeah.
No.
You know?
Right. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, it's definitely the time to try to do that as much as possible. Yeah. So
what
I didn't know um the youngest still be there and we'll probably have frozen pizza for supper because I've been every day after work, I've been working on that cabin, you know, and there's there's no power down there and there's no water down there, so it's it's not that far from my house, it's like right across the property line um and it's like five acres altogether for all of it, so it's not that big. But um I need to like I need to put roll by my sled so I can hold my bags of garbage up, get rid of them, and then just like start washing wall so I can paint and you know, tear the carpet out and things like that. So that's been my it's been really good for me because I was going to be a little bit of a couch potato after work, like I would just be so drained from and my boss is very demanding. So it's a lot of like listening all day long and getting, you know, there's like there's the priorities are changing constantly. So um so I get home and like I would eat a bowl of cereal for dinner and I just like crash like I just go to bed because I was too tired to do it. Maybe play a game of cribbage
animal, my boyfriend. But you know, other than I was like, yeah, but now that it's it's light later in the evening, um you know, I like that little bit easier for me to to kind of get with it and get some things done. So has been my project and that's been good for me.
Yeah. Yeah.
How about you
compliment?
Mhm. Yeah I think my my person when he gets back it's gonna be like all right, so here is like all the things from my childhood that you haven't gotten a chance to see and now you're gonna learn
what it's like to grow up in the eighties.
there is. Yeah.
Oh I was like I like the john Hughes movies so Breakfast Club pretty in pink. 16 candles,
Yeah.
Yeah.
No probably not
like
oh that's what I have to do to talk to boys. No no no.
they
yeah. Yeah.
What
green movie up?
What?
No.
no
it is the great, yeah, that's one of our favorites too.
Bad and um uh my kids like uh monty python and the Holy Grail, That was another one that probably like my kids are going to quote movies. It's going to be one of those two. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. Oh, I'm so glad that I did this
and
Ready.
Yeah. It'll be nice nice when it happens. But I think very different. And um my one of my mom's cousins lives in Washington State and um we were in touch a few weeks ago and he's like, well what do you think? And I said I think we're going to watch movies and tv shows and be like where those people standing so close to each other. Mm
what?
Great.
frank.
for sure.
Step
Yeah, definitely. It was so nice chatting with you. I appreciate the time.
Have a good night.
Thanks. You, too. I mhm.