mm. Yeah. What? Shit. Mhm. So, what's this? Mm hmm. Wait research. All right. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Go away thing. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mm. Okay. That's right. To watch. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, yeah. And let's take a quick. All right. Okay. Nick what? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, took to do to do do check partner. What is he used? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. You know? Okay. Right. Mhm. Great. You want one? Well, I think you look how I feel, yep. We're just waiting to do what to do. Mhm. Yeah, I don't know if my check partner is gonna show up. Yeah, probably like an army and let me where you can wait for food for like an hour yet. You'll be okay. Yeah. For me. All right. You can stay here because you're a good quiet little cat. You don't get obnoxious. Never wondering. I don't think my chair, but he's gonna show up or maybe they're just not a very timely person. Come on. Yeah. Heart. I love you. Thank you. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Record.
Hello?
Good. How are you?
Well?
Cool. What's your?
Oh okay Wendy. Thanks.
that
or something
good. How are you? Very located?
Oh, me too. Well.
Oh like we're like whereabouts in Wisconsin? Are you
So phillips is northern more northern. I'm in Athens. Uh
do you know where that is?
Oh, multiple dogs?
No.
A long a german shepherd. That's actually my list for the dog to get. We got an old doberman and she's about how I think this year will be it. But then german shepherd because I think they're good protection dogs and Beautiful. So
Sarah
now I don't do anything. I was working at the hospital, just part time cleaning position. All I get other positions there too. But uh in Marshfield they just like a month and a half ago they just said yeah, we will have you come back? No, I'm not sure um if that is true or not. Well kind of stay tuned for a couple more weeks and see otherwise then I'm gonna got to find something else. How about you?
like
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's 13. Yeah. Then
we have it, but other than that, that's it for us. Did you get any other pets or?
cozy again.
Yeah, that works and that's there's nothing wrong with that and probably have to support from you and vice versa, I would think, you know, a little bit so
things are really far out there from what I am,
Now is your daughter doing online, Is she able to do like online stuff for college?
It's kind of intact.
And
that's
The one
that's coming back from the air force or Okay.
interesting. Well you can be proud. I mean there's nothing to be ashamed of that and if he's going to continue to go on to something else then hopefully
that's something that he likes to do and it works out well for him. Mhm.
Yeah, hopefully everybody you get to see like a little bit more often. I mean that's a long time to go without seeing your loved one or a family member. I've always struggled with that, you know, going to a good school but then having to be away from family members, it's not something I'm comfortable with so. Yeah. Yeah
the rough,
everybody.
Pretty good. Um My sister works in the medical industry, she's, you know, I text her a little bit. She's like, yeah, but they've got lots of changes, I guess. Her husband was accepted into a doctorate program, so they're talking about moving, it's kind of up in the air, it's like, oh there's all these changes happening kind of end of the summer kind of. Um And then my one brother, he's running a lumberyard. He says they're busy, but it's just kind of like, yeah, for how long or what, where is that going to go? Exactly, we have to stay tuned. Um And my one brother has been laid off at the cheese factory over in Spencer. So and he's kind of nervous because he just built a new house and everything, but he
resourceful. I have faith that will all be okay. I'm more my parents who are in their seventies and my mom has, she's had cancer in the past. She's got high blood pressure. And I asked her like last week because she said, oh well everybody was at all. He's had like nine in the morning. There was already 15 people ready to go in the store. I said, why would, why would
you need to go on the store? Why don't you just do the online pick up? We gotta go in and pick it up. I said, well, you wore a mask. I trust my immune system more than that. I just, I'm going, okay, well, it's your choice. You're an adult. I can't really stop you for much, but at the same time, it's like, I don't know if I'll ever, you know what if something happens? I don't want that to be the scenario and she's retired hers. So I just like, yeah, but my dad is kind of more like uh right wing conspiracy theory type guy. So he's kind
of
like,
there's a lot in what class? And you're like, I'm full guns and whatever to like, I want my freedoms and my choices, but at the same time, like why can't we just put on a little mass going
on?
Yeah. It's a small convenience for making sure that maybe my health and your health will be protected, especially if you're in a category. So that's my biggest concern. And then we have some friends and other family that are like diabetic and high risk and it's just kind of like, okay, hopefully, how are you doing with the social distancing, I mean, aside from your daughter being home, but
Yeah.
Thank
you
saying.
Absolutely.
me too.
It
Cool. I got like extra dish so okay, that works.
To grow in relations.
Madison is doing this surprisingly good job. It seems like keeping it to a minimum. You're just like, it seems like people are kind of getting the idea there and then you look at some other places and you vote what's going on there, But it's just, it's going to kind of keep moving in people. So I don't know, you know, if you don't get used to the idea of putting the master not hugging or whatever for as long as we are going to have to do
this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If
I can.
I.
Thank
you.
What?
that's a blessing could create. Mhm Care, weather wise, let's hear. We had about eight inches of snow here on easter. You probably got even more oh
oh people don't understand that's a part that's hard to is just waiting for the weather to get decent enough. And then it's so yo yo you know tonight I cover up on my plants because it's gonna freeze and it's like oh my goodness
I just to be decent out but everybody does I'm sure so. Yeah.
What?
It's it's been a little bit colder like just, yeah come on mate what's going on that? We used to be it? Okay.
The
window
not all right but then there's be really hot. I don't know if you've heard that I don't know how accurate is that. We just have to wait and see early. Do you guys go fishing you and your boyfriend or anything or?
Thank
you.
Thanks
to
come
Well,
You know what I struggle. We don't have kids better in school or anything, but I'm sure I was a daycare teacher for five years. And when it was always just like what a big situation to sort out with the parents that are going to work. So I'm sure, you know, it's been really difficult for people to say where these kids going to go or I have concerns about the quality of the online education that maybe they're receiving. Um And it's just kind of like, well, that's very tricky. But at this point we're almost done with the school year anyway. You know, it's just kind of, yeah, I don't know
one choice of provider and I'm not and then it went off three times yesterday. I had to go and turn it back on and
some days are fine and other days it just goes, we're not going to give you the services all the time. But yeah.
My goodness. Yeah. Come back on for until I
Yeah.
I mean, the reality is kind of setting in, I don't know about for you, but if I was going to say, like, when they
first started the sweeps of like, the bars and the restaurants being closed, it was like, what? And I said, well, this is too much to take in all at one time, I just can't. And I just stopped and I said to myself, I can try to digest this, but I know myself better than that. Not able to just compute this all. At one time, I'm going to have to say, we'll do what we can do this week. And then I was like, going on sanitizing freak out fast. Like, is everything the car okay? That's not going to keep happening. You want all the gloves pretty quick and you can find loves you, like, best, you're not going to last for, you know, for for six months
or eight
months. Yeah.
Do you all do what I can do, but just one week at a time. And then at some point I say, we'll be at like, one month at a time, you know?
Too
late now. It
right when you got to think about all the things that are being touched? Yeah.
Well, next, I think for me too, I was like, well, why? Why am I going to be selfish? Because I'm not, I don't need to go out there. Um, too much obviously. So it's like, I'm not gonna sit here and snatch up all the gloves just for me when other people who are in a curious situation, especially like if they're high risk or something, they might need them. So I'm not gonna, you know, worry about trying to put it in my cart and get tough or whatever. I just let it
go and figure out what other alternatives I have for or not.
I
get that.
All right.
What?
Looking for granted up things is definitely, I think it should be hopes thinking and what some people like, maybe we shouldn't be taking everything for granted and be thankful for the available to us and yeah. Mhm.
look freshly because the weather so I only work part time or casual status at the hospital. But um I worked about three days a week and then I do help my significant other. He has an essential business so I've always helped him. He has been busier so I've been helping him. Um But it's not like something that I believe and in love with doing you know I'm welcome because he's busy and that kind of thing. Um And then yeah it's just been really kind of lonely. I mean he's the only person in really having conversations with so thank you so much.
Do you want?
Yeah a little bit kind of thing. Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
You can get 15 bucks. Okay. That's cool.
Not bad to have a conversation. Sure you know normally at work I wouldn't necessarily have a lot of conversations if I'm busy but I have the chance to have at least a few small conversations now.
I'm only talking to him and that's like certainly drive me a little crazy.
I wouldn't say that. No, I'll just drive to a parking lot and sit in my car and listen to music because I'm like, I just can't take it like right or getting out, you know, or getting, getting anywhere at the same time. I don't feel safe really going to a place where people are just not wearing masks well and then I don't know for Philips, but around here a lot of Amish and Mennonite you don't believe in wearing masks and I believe in tolerance and the right to their own religious beliefs. But you know, it's kind of like, well you could have it and be spreading it. So
it's just one of the things like, I don't feel as safe as I could feel I guess. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. Like a roller coaster. Just a big roller coaster.
Well,
I don't know
why anything on the news or anything before like marches or february. I remember in like january sometime there was like something in my news feed and I was like this, it says leaked some leaked video from china. So I click and I remember looking at it and I said to myself, well this could be fake news. It's so weird. It seems so bizarre. So is it? Well that somebody is just trying to freak me out because if this is legit then this is scary.
I'm
here. Yeah.
There if it's
work
and
Yeah.
Man, it seems like it's kind of it's not,
but then it's interesting to it. I don't know what your thoughts are on the ones really up north, like in binocular, wherever that is. How did those, how do we get there where they're all unincorporated? Yeah,
I don't know what.
Yes it's just it's hard to make sense and try to figure out where it's going or whatever. So that's why I think it's best to just like continue to do the things that we're doing until like if you don't know to me then the obvious thing is if you just say you don't know and then precautions right. Yeah. I don't know if you saw the pennsylvania people had tried to get the state to open back up or whatever. But the Supreme
Court for pennsylvania actually shot that down surprisingly well. Maybe that will say where we're going with Wisconsin but I don't know.
They're a little bit
Yeah. You think to me like if you're analysing or doing statistics or something you say, how many people are there per square mile or how near is a hospital that's serving patients in this position and then take account
and say
ok here's the here's the at least the you know the least amount of closures that we need to have or something if you don't do all of it. Right. Yeah. It's definitely interesting to see how things go. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Remember that year say you have there's where
Um I don't know there's it's not looking great. I've kind of looked at a few things um you know I've done different things in my life but I'm only looking for part time because I've been helping him and that just always works out best for
me to do part time when you know you live in a rural area and then you're talking about driving potentially somewhere that really adds on and then taking a lunch break and everything. I've done that before and before. You know what it's like. I'm out of the house 60 hours a week, but I must be paid for 40 or something. Great. Yeah, so
partner were expressed but then it's really like, oh nights and weekends or whatever. Yeah, we'll kind of have to see it. I think I'll have to do something I'm not really crazy about for a little while maybe. But hopefully things go well with the clinic and they opened back up and everything. But we, you know, we are kind of in the home setting category. We have regarding, we have wood burning, we um do maple syrup and other things. So we've always kind of been more towards self sustaining. We don't have payment, we don't have car payments, we don't have, the house
is 100 years old, the cars aren't new, you know, it's like, but yes, it's like we'd rather have a little less and not have to have those stresses on us I think. Yeah,
So I have faith that it will be okay. It's just like sometimes you just gotta do what you can do,
I think, yeah, because you know, I've been in situations to where honestly like I didn't have a good place to stay for a while and you go, well, we still have the ability to brush your teeth every night. We have a warm bed to sleep in. We have food. I don't know about you with supply, but I'm not seeing any real meat shortage.
but there's just two of us. So it's not like I need to all kinds of meat or anything. Yeah.
So I'm not really worried about that and we're in a good situation again with the rural nous of being a go to a local farmers market or something. Yeah,
the
answer for me by
we
also,
I realized that too, we um that first that week of ST Patrick's day with the panic with the toilet paper, well loan pulled, I do very, very organized shopping and we needed toilet paper that week and I'm like, I'm like, I'm voted a small grocery store in town, that's very limited and I'll be able to tell when I go in there how crazy it is in Marshfield er Watson if I should even bother going, you know when I went in there and it was nuts and their shelves were interesting, so I was like, no, I don't think I'm gonna bother driving anywhere, I'll just get the really toilet paper here. Unfortunately, every good
that I went down to the local like little Mennonite store and I realized actually I can get a lot of things there that are good and good products, cakes,
eggs, grass fed milk, good quality, some of it might be a little more, some of it might be a little less and I'm like this is actually probably the best thing for everybody. Yeah, so like that's a really good point, you know, go to the local places and if you want to keep your community are safe community, you know, we'll continue to have it and we should try to support one another.
So worried
for the evening, anything probably.
What?
And fresh air, a little exercise. Yeah. Sure.
Yeah,
I just like covering up the plants, probably figure out something for dinner and then yeah, just cover up the plants and that's about it. It's yeah,
watching a lot of like eighties and nineties movies or like Yeah,
effort.
Uh huh. Mhm. A lot of good stuff there. So
So what's funny? We're like movies.
Well then that kind of stuff. Is that red? The red haired one? Yeah.
Yeah.
I was just might be a little younger. I'm just like, I saw some of that stuff. Maybe it wasn't appropriate now that breakfast club was probably not appropriate for a two year old to be watching.
I'm it seemed very educational at the time. I needed to are
yet.
Here's what not to do or something wrong. A bunch of confusion. I was like, what? Okay. Yeah. Boys,
girls. That sounds about right. It's difficult. Yeah.
I like The Princess Bride. I feel like that's just one of
the best ever
teacher. I tried to show it to some of the kids there is like, oh they're going to just love this and that would be passing on something and
like only one of them was kind of interested and she seemed confused by it.
Like the other ones were just like this is not our thing and I was like, no, that's just great.
It's jenny.
It's just some
Yeah.
Yes, me too. Absolutely. It's been really nice chatting with you and just hearing
that you're kind of in the same boat, but you feel the same way. It's just nice to have that confirmation that, you know, we're in with, but we're not with that, that necessarily vibe of like we gotta open up right away. Let's
open it. Yeah. Well
mhm. You know, and I just feel like it's hard to, you can think people would say, oh everything's going to open up and it's just going to go right back to the way it was. So if you look at these meat plants or other things, which there is a lot of meat plants and cheese plants around here and you go kind of a matter of time before something happens there
um and you know, even if they're functioning because they're essential, well, if one of them gets sick or two or three or however many gets sick and then multiple gets like then we've seen they have to close or when you have a certain percent of your workforce, like you were saying like, how many have to be out, well, then you kind of have to do things different operate differently. So if you did open everything up, that's great, yep, open everything up, but that doesn't necessarily mean that everything is just going to go along smoothly, foolish to think that way. It just to me it is, it's foolish
to tell yourself that. I think you're in denial if you want, you know, you want to tell yourself that, but it's just not going to be that way until we have
a vaccine or really good treatment or whatever. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, it's nice to hear about your dad and your boyfriend and your Children and everything, your local dogs that they're not with you anymore. But hopefully hopefully something comes up pretty soon. You're sounds like you're enjoying your work
on the cabin. So
absolutely. Usually when
you take care,