yeah, flavor Yes and move this. So what's the countdown
by? I was just checking the countdown and civilised time. How are you?
It's on the, I didn't close the tab that had the survey because I think it keeps writing but I can start a timer on my phone because
it's
hard to
no problem. So how are you?
That's good.
I mean I was good for a while but I had a pretty stressful weekend that I'm like recovering from. So yeah.
What?
So um one of my side hustles is being like an influencer and I got into an affiliate program which is super exciting. Like it's a pretty good brand and
I never like post on like facebook or social media like I keep it pretty separate and I was like let me work on it and then like when I'm ready I'll tell people. So since I got in and it's a company that I know that a lot of my friends would like or want to support I posted and things were I posted it? I got in the programme I think Wednesday on thursday I started reaching out to people like sending emails and on friday I I posted on facebook because just easier to tell the people are not super close with someday their web site gets hacked.
Are you there?
I hope you're still there.
I'm gonna try to refresh this.
I'm back that my internet is has been fluctuating. So it's probably not you. It's me I actually called were started
how much?
you're
so during this time?
I'm going to turn off. I'm going to try to turn off everything else. Like my ipad. I think I still have that on airplane mode. Yeah. Because it's so weird. But anyway,
maybe, I'm not sure. Maybe. But anyway, hopefully you heard most of what I said, I'll give you a
chance.
Yeah. I mean, I guess the there um I guess the financial part was in effect. It was just the domain, but still
I am going to refresh this again incredible back and forth because of this connection. I'm just gonna keep refreshing when I, but
I
do like beauty mostly. Beauty and lifestyle. Yeah.
Thanks. I'm
sorry.
Just getting started out.
Yeah, It's brand new. Like I thought about doing it for like a year, but I didn't feel ready. I was pretty busy and then I started taking some courses because with quarantine I had time to take more like courses. I didn't just do it like winging it. I took a course like I'm still a part of this group so that it
was,
yeah. There's a lot of ways to monetize like I'm only doing it as extra income. I wouldn't just do it for like vanity. So yeah.
Like youtube.
Absolutely. You're needed,
Your voice is definitely needed. And I mean like more than ever now, like you said like this could be like the universe telling you maybe you should try.
it's
it is.
best. Great.
All
Fuck
more.
Exactly. That's a lot can happen in in even five minutes that's acceptable.
Yeah, every time it freezes I'm just going to refresh, I'm just glad that it's still allowing me to continue. Mhm Good
often.
Seriously,
that's
good.
Because industries needed, like he's always going to be fine.
Yeah, being working remotely made me also want to figure out a way to work remotely because I just had more time to take care of myself and like, well that's good.
Yes, um yeah, I, like you were saying with remote, I'm, I really want to be able to work remotely more often because it was, it gave me more time for self care. Yeah.
mm hmm. Like during this time I actually finally got a therapist, not that anything was really going on, but I was like, I just should have someone to talk to,
but I don't want to like stress someone else out about my non real problems during this time.
Mhm. Yes, wow, that took a long time for me to come back. Are you
It's getting worse. I feel
I say, what should I do? I'm double checking settings I'm on,
I'm on
five
G like, I don't even know. Yeah.
Mhm.
and now you disappeared,
can
you still see me?
Okay. I'm just gonna continue it. I
did,
as long
as I can hear you, it's all good. And I'm gonna put my phone on
airplane
just in case it's taking
that wifi
as well. I'm trying to do everything. Okay.
I can. Yeah. Okay.
Um we still have like 16 minutes because you know what it is to take, you know when you're, you don't know each other. I feel like it does take a while to speak, right.
And
it's
true. It's absolutely true. It's risky. I did a couple months ago with someone.
I did this kind of chat like a couple of months ago. So this is like my second time. So that's why I'm not as like stressed about it. And we talked about everything. We talked about the lack of toilet paper not panicking about it. So
if you're that, that's what was like the big thing back then. I wasn't sure if I was gonna be able to get food, I'm gonna refresh. Mhm Yeah. Okay.
Yeah everything was totally fine. Especially because I had time to like do more spiritual work. Like I read books about having, I mean I knew always have an abundance mindset but are like don't or don't like stress about it, everything's gonna work out, you know? So like after a week or so like I try to do all the things that I know we're healthy. Like I meditated like you
know
I didn't work out, you know I just I also had time you know like I always said I had more time, I'll work out, you know at least five times a week. Like I didn't have time before I was like always busy I made time for because I was like this is what I wanted. So let me take advantage of the opportunity.
No.
what happened?
You're
frozen so I'm gonna refresh. Mhm.
So you you fell off the bed. What else?
Watch more. I started taking more dance classes to so I didn't
feel like
I was like no, but like online but still it was great. It was great. And the policeman app was free for three months.
I do not but I want to get like I wanted to get one but the app you don't need the bike. It has everything from running meditation, yoga, cardio. I do mostly cardio and strength and yoga. Sometimes today I was really stressed because I have to do a lot of um I have to upload a lot of lessons online because I'm a teacher and it was like so stressful, like trying to figure out how to feel, okay, I can tell that I'm freezing, I'm going to wait a second and see if it comes back.
I think
it does. Are you can
you still hear me?
No, maybe not. So I will reflect it would come back, but it didn't before we were
I'm good now. Yeah. I had a lot of stress like trying to upload to the internet. Maybe because of the because when I call spectrum, like 94% of people in your area online, I'm like, yeah, we're online because we're working and learning online. So I was like, please do something for my internet. So they're coming tomorrow,
but they're always dishonest about it because the first time this happened, like I have meetings and through zoom and one meeting I couldn't even connect at all. And then probably like nothing's wrong, everything's fine. Your signal is strong. Several hours later they're like, you had an internet outage in your area. Yeah. But when I called today, I was like, you know what? I wasn't trying to be upset with the customer, the customer service rep because it's not her fault. I was like, I'm like, spectrum is not being honest because like I'll call and then you say everything is fine. Like I was trying to upload a lesson to Youtube for an hour and a half. It should take maybe 10 minutes, right? As
soon
there, like nothing's wrong there. Like they put me in a queue, they're like, we'll call you back in 15 minutes as soon as they hung up everything processed, right? So I'm like they're not being
about what's going on there. Like and then she finally said my internet is fluctuating and you're going to send a technician a couple weeks ago when I try to do this they kept calling and say are you sure you need your appointment are you sure? And then I was like okay clearly they don't want to come so I'll just cancel it. But then my internet has not been the same
and I wont so I think they're scared like you know covid 19 and also my building is coming
in but I I literally haven't really gone anywhere because also I was I have to be healthy like I'm not trying to be reckless.
Yeah I would think that
Yeah that's what I see on the news in my country people really that reckless but apparently they are. Yeah
yeah I'll be right back refreshing. Oh no I can see you kind of it's pixilated but I can oh oh
thank
you again.
I just felt mhm. Okay.
Okay I'll refresh then let me try once
more.
Oh that's good. Okay. Yeah so
would be reckless.
the world has gone upside down like
you're also doing it to keep them safe like that's the irony. Did you
guys
brought everything
to
fly?
Well that's good. At least you're able to go outside and be able to walk and you have space like that's awesome. Like I'm in New Jersey and I used to live in new york city and I am so grateful. Oh let me come right back. Yeah can you still see me?
I'm just grateful that I moved from New york city about a year and a half ago and I was gonna go back this summer and I'm so grateful that I'm not there because I can't imagine being
stuck
in that smooth. It's like a small apartment. So many people didn't have an option, you know, and some people have roommates in New york city, like it's super expensive. So I'm just so grateful that at least I have space and I can go to the park and all of those things,
Mhm.
If
well,
No, I'm pretty new to Jersey. I'm not really sure I live closer to new york city than like really far into New Jersey.
Let me
refresh. I don't know if we both did it. I don't know if we both crush at the same time. Okay. Okay.
Let's see what
I
think it is honestly because I know this issue, but I think we're almost done with their conversation, which is good because it's I feel so bad. Let me just double check
on the 20 minutes. Oh wait, about 25 minutes. Okay. That's what I thought. We're closed. We're close. We
still have about six minutes and 42 seconds to go. Um,
you know
right. It was nice.
Dandy
was a sandy.
I'll
be
Okay.
Okay. We're good.
it means
it's like everything as far as like new york is all about like film. Like, it's so weird.
Yeah. Yeah. So you guys are in a similar situation.
I get that. You know what I was thinking of doing and maybe I will later. Um, the like audio books I'm going to refresh cause I think I'm frozen again. Okay. Back. Maybe audiobooks.
It's
true. You have to like have a soundproof studio or something.
I mean,
it's true because I thought about doing that because I think that's a easier way. Okay, let me refresh.
Okay. You know what? I realized I put my phone on airplane, but I did not turn off my wifi. Maybe that will also help if I turn that off, but that's boosting. He sounds like a good idea.
Yeah, it's true. I've seen people with like, it's pretty scrappy. And then like even Youtube people start off like really simple, like sitting at their kitchen table, but they're so engaging and fun and then like, like within months to have like $100,000 and then they keep growing and you see the evolution.
Yeah. You never know. It's true. That's why I decided to try. Like I was like, you know what I've been thinking about doing this? Let me, let me refresh. It's so bad. Do you see why I'm upset with spectrum?
This
is
like,
and I told him I was like, I have a six o'clock. I don't, I know we're in different time zones. I was like, I have a six o'clock call. Like this can't happen. Yeah. Mm hmm
join.
I know.
You know, and that's the thing like because I literally, I don't know like I just, I have trust, I have to trust them. And now with social distancing, like I'm going to have to be like, you know, across in another room, you know, just for both of safety and I hope that it works like this is and maybe because my building is a bit older too,
maybe
this
doesn't
airport.
Mhm. Okay, let me do this. Okay. Yes, we have like a minute and 20 seconds we're going to get through this. Uh
Thank you. I did enjoy our conversation to regardless of the challenges. Like I feel like
that's what I've been dealing with. The whole hacking thing and everything else. Just like I keep apologizing for technical issues that are like beyond my control. I'm like yeah
I'm
just
seriously and it's so funny because this necklace that I'm wearing, I don't know, maybe you can see it now. Um This
yeah. Um One of one, a client of mine sent it in the mail after the stressful week and it was so nice to get something kind. I was like this crystals
help me with something. There's a reason thing. So I'm hoping
this
will
help the energy. Okay, this is well, we're down to seconds anyway. So this is
thank you. Hopefully it will work out and um my credibility will still be attacked, you know? So I'm gonna send I'm going to go out and buy thank you cards tomorrow and just thank everyone for trusting me and giving it a try. Yeah.
Thank you.
Who?
wise, thank you so much. Yeah,
and good luck with everything, I'm sure it's all going to work out.
Thank you.
Harry.