Oh, hi there.
where is that?
That's
probably
idea. Yeah. All right, well, I'll let you keep track then.
I'm good.
Yeah. How about you?
Sorry
to hear that. What made it stressful?
All
my gosh, That's crazy.
I'm here. Do you hear me? Did the audio cut out? Yeah,
Yeah, I'm here. Is that better? It turned off the audio and back on court.
How is it now? Okay. Yeah. Okay.
My boyfriend's
a tech person. He keeps things pretty running pretty, it's beautiful
here.
Yeah. Well, he's, uh, he works in the office, you know, he works from home, so yeah.
you know, may have, may have connected your audio to something else.
The
company got hacked. Yeah, it's pretty scary.
Yeah, that's still a little little stressful to deal with.
that's no problem wow. What kind of influence her are you if you don't
mind?
that's cool.
I
was personal.
Oh okay so that's a brand new thing that you're experimenting with.
that's
really smart. I know a lot of people do that and get a lot out of it.
Yeah that makes sense. That's cool. Yeah I was pursuing acting for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah I really enjoyed it and then it just it takes a lot of time away from your from your friends and family. Um So I was looking into other options.
Well I thought about that, I'm really passionate about mental health, I've been through a lot like with my family and stuff with mental health issues and I wanted to talk more about it and it's a very prevalent issue right now
so a lot of stigma out there and I just wanted to kind of alleviate some of that and help people understand.
Yeah. No totally. Well you know I don't like to get political
or anything but everything that's happening in our world right now you know with the police and their involvement in mental health. It's just it's crazy. And
um where I live we just had a bill passed um that allows more involvement in like a new group that has more involvement in non emergency mental health issues. So um they're like a crisis team that comes um to help with like nonviolent um health emergencies and things like that.
So that's really helpful. Which leaves a lot of um a lot of time for the psychiatric emergency response team to actually get to those really you know crazy calls because it takes them four hours took them four hours to help one of my family members
to get there.
And its like by that point you never
know what's going to happen.
Yeah it's terrible. So I'm really I'm really really happy that they're prioritizing that and they're going to have like peer specialists on those teams and clinicians and just a lot of that stuff. Really important stuff. Okay, you're back.
Yeah, that's a little bit about what I'm passionate about.
I was subbing in schools for a little bit and that was cool but then everything got shut down. I've been home a lot and thankfully my boyfriend has a really good job that you know
keeps
us
afloat and uh we're doing well. He actually even got a raise during this whole thing so
oh he'll always have a job in I. T. There's. Yeah and especially now there's been so many remote positions that have opened up like there's just a lot for him so.
there you are.
for sure and that's really important so many people are stressed out with their jobs and it can be really unhealthy.
Absolutely.
Yeah for sure and you know I've definitely fallen into that trap of like wanting to confide in your friends and they don't need to deal with your issues. You know it's better to talk to a therapist who is non partial and like they can help you work through things.
no. Yeah. Oh
well
that's
so
weird.
Yeah
I can see you.
Can you still hear
me?
let me see. Okay.
Maybe
I'll refresh them.
Whatever.
Whatever
helps.
refreshed
see what
it seems that.
Right. Yeah. So how are we doing on time?
Yeah. Well you have to build
that trust too and like, I don't know anything about you, I don't know where you're
from.
What happened?
that's old news,
okay. Are you doing better now?
that's
great.
definitely. Yeah, I was working out too and then
boyfriend and I took a vacation and I kind of fell off the bandwagon a little bit, so
get back into that. Um but mostly it was just finding things that I like to do instead of feeling like working out as
hard.
Mhm
so I felt the bandwagon I think really helped for me to just pick something that I actually liked doing and finding a schedule and varying things because I get really bored easily with working out, if it's the same thing over and over again, forget it. I won't do it.
Well
that's
Oh nice. You have a power button?
You're not freezing
for
by you.
Yeah I can hear you and see you and you're not frozen.
are you good now
then
I've been
there.
Well
Yeah that's really frustrating.
Shut down.
Yeah. Yeah staying with us. Yeah. You know we went to Vegas thinking there wasn't gonna be any people there
and stuff. Yeah and I mean there wasn't a lot of people there but like the amount of people like not taking precautions not caring. It was just it was like was crazy.
Yeah I was I was pretty upset about
yeah that's what's
happening
with you. Let me try refreshing.
You're still pixelated. Let me try on my hand.
Still
pixelated. That's better.
Yes we were just
yeah. Yeah. We were just dumbfounded like how many people were not wearing masks and how many people didn't care and it's like some people even looked at me funny for wearing one. I was like what? Yeah
who are you to judge me?
Your
pixel
in that
again.
We drove. Yeah. Yeah we're in southern California. I won't say where for you know the you know environment that we're in right now but mhm
Yeah you're good. Yeah.
O
Connor.
yeah that's really great. I've only been to New Jersey once a
long long time ago. My
roommate in college
was from New Jersey and we went out there for thanksgiving. She lived environment that if you know where that's at,
you're pixelated again I'm
going
No, I didn't hear the question.
It might be on
your end.
That's okay.
All
Yeah. No, I like Jersey. It was pretty that's nice.
I'm
she lived in like a small town um like New Jersey Shore area. Yeah. Yeah. It was it was right after that big hurricane that hit. So we
were kind of see what
yes, Sandy hurricane Sandy. So like she we drove past and saw some of the damage
that didn't
happen. Okay.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. So that was kind of interesting to see while we were there. I know a lot of actors in new york and stuff and you know the arts community is really going
downhill right now because you know, nobody can act. So many actors are out of jobs.
I've heard about that too. I was doing film in L. A.
Yeah I mean I'm not doing it as much now, I'm still on some casting websites but there really isn't any work you know and they're giving the work to all the sag aftra actors so.
yeah, I took the class um her name is Eliza jane Schneider, she's a specialist in accents and dialects and she trains a lot of her students for animation and some audio books and things like that. It's really cool. So I took a class on that and really enjoyed it and I thought about it, it's just like understanding the technical side of things because everything is done from home now. You got to get the microphone, you have to have
everything,
Yeah. Home studio the works and I know
some friends who did voice over, they would get like there's like a booth that you can get yeah and then they put their microphone in there, but still it's tough to read and put your, you know, lines in there.
but
Yeah. And there are people that were saying, you know, you start out small with not a lot of equipment and then, you know, the more you get jobs, you know, the more you build on that um equipment, you know, you just kind of have to build on it.
You just, you never know.
So we had problems
with
them
too.
That's annoying. Yeah. They've literally like taking shortcuts on us in our home, like cut wires and stuff.
Like just well, my boyfriend's in text, so he's like, they just easy
way out. He's
You know, we've
had
stuff
like that here,
like weird wiring issues and our place isn't like super old, but uh we've had that too.
I really, really enjoyed talking to, you know, you seem like a really interesting person,
nina.
Don't worry about it.
We'll
get through this
little bit. Is it a heart?
I know.
that's
so
sweet.
Well, I just wanted to say good on you for taking that leap of faith with the whole influencer thing. That's a really big deal.
definitely.
Well,
it's been nice chatting with you.
you.
Thanks. You too.
All