Hi,
how
are you? I'm good. Are we all working? Can you hear me? All good? Yes
again,
Can you hear me? Yep.
You're all good Alright
so 25 minutes you go first. Mhm. Uh
I'm
pretty
it's nice
with you. Yeah, I'm jeremy, nice to meet you too. Where are you from? Um
Virginia
Virginia
nice Kansas like just outside of Wichita. Not that you probably know where that is but you know it's flyover country here so
I
don't
but that's nice. Um
How's
the weather
is it?
stormed, stormed all day. We're out, we were picking up my wife and I were picking up
a bed and uh we went in town you know took the truck, took the old matches back, got a new one and like why were there? It's like all of a sudden this this thunderstorm pops up so it's like where did
that come from? So we I mean the mattresses in a in plastic but it blew off the truck for a second. It was it was a disaster. But we made it home, we're all good. It's all safe. So if
the power goes out randomly it's it's not because
I'm sick of you, it's because the power went out. So. So
what happens
July
4?
Yeah, we had a great time. So I mean we had the kids out obviously like not not much, not much of you know, friends but you know her she's got I've got three step kids. So my wife um you know we had to step kids and my step kids, our kids and grandkids out and jet skied. We we I live out in the country so we have a little lake. So we jet skied and barbecued and shots and fireworks and you know, avoided most people. And I mean as happens right
now right unfortunately. But it was
fun.
What about
you?
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's pretty weird
right now. Yeah. But hopefully by I don't know next year. I mean, I don't know. I don't expect the vaccine until like, I don't know, March to May june next year. So we'll see what happens then then then maybe it gets back to normal a little bit.
I'm hoping.
I'm hoping
it'll just uh
we'll
get
back
to
you if you first
wanted
life, right? Or our new normal lives. I guess we are the new normal right now and for a long time. But by who knows, it'll be all good. So we'll figure it out. Right. Hopefully.
So
what do you do?
What do
you do
in Virginia?
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
sorry.
I think
that's just a
it's probably
mike. It's probably actually mine. I mean my internet connection is not the greatest thing. I mean I can't get fiber and I can't get cable, I have to get radio wave or something. So my internet is never the best
thing
in the world. Uh
That's
so inconvenient. Yeah, it's pretty annoying. I mean, I like computers so, but I mean sacrifice to live where
I
want to live
and live out in the country. I mean, I lived in the city my whole life, so I mean whatever, you know, I moved out here four years ago now, I think we moved out here. So it's been good other than, you know, internet connections to flood last year. That wasn't ideal either. So yeah,
were you
from Kansas
city or So, Kansas City is in the northeast corner. I'm from, like the main town is Wichita, it's about 20 minutes southeast so and that's why, I mean, that's where I grew up. I'm originally from Illinois and I was born in Illinois, but I mean, I was like to, when I moved here, my dad's side of the family is here, my mom sides from Illinois. So, um, I grew up here, I've kind of stayed, mom travels the world now and my brother lives in, well, I was going to say new york, but he lives in New Jersey technically, so he, uh, he's out there and I'm still here. I'm still the Kansas boy, but you know, wife and I travel a lot, so it's all good. Look, what about you family? Where's your family from? Yeah,
I'm with,
I'm with
family right now.
Uh,
we're coming
from kenya,
but originally
New
Jersey, like Whitewater, New Jersey. Yeah,
I
go to
school
in new york,
so I'm
just back. Oh yeah, is your school going to happen next year?
It's
going
to be a virtual.
So
have
they announced
it already?
Where do you go? I
go to Columbia? Oh nice. Nice. My sister in law is a Yale grad. So I'm sure she'd you know yell at you and whatever. So that's what my brother, my brother. I don't know. I mean they're not technically married but they have a kid and have lived together forever. So they're married in
all practical sense is so,
but she she's a Yale grad and she still they all go to those Yale events and do all those things. So that's nice. So what are you studying?
International
affairs and in fact it was. And what do you want to do with an international affairs degree? I
don't know, government
thinking.
Yeah, that makes sense. And where do you want to live? Do you want to live up there? Do you want to live back in Virginia?
I guess if
you want
I
want
to leave Virginia for sure.
What's wrong with Virginia? Can't be that bad.
I'm just
of the yeah, that's fair. Well my answer to that was to move out into the country and my by a little piece of land. So I don't know. That's not everybody's cup of tea, but that's what we like. So You know, I think
it's
if
you have
your
own land. Yeah. I mean that's I mean that was our logic. I mean I'd love to have more, but I mean my 10 acres is at least a little bit. I mean I like to swim. So I
mean they
make, yeah, we owned 10 acres. So. Oh wow. Yeah. I mean it's, I mean it's so we don't maintain all of it like so about four acres of it is woods. so we have white walking
trails
through it. Um but it's so it, we're in between a lake and the main river that goes through Wichita is like right there. So part of the, we have a berm on our property that like is a, is a flood control berm. So when the river gets really, really
high, it
goes all the way up there. What, sorry,
what's a berm? So uh like a water protection berm. So it's just a big hill that goes through our property.
So, so like last year and last november, I think october november of last or I guess two years ago now and then may all of that our woods were under like feet of water. Like it was crazy, like we didn't even realize the water could get that high. We knew that the river like conceptually could get that high, but like we didn't really
believe it until we saw it. And and that's what, that's kind of what happened, like that's why our house flooded because the Berm is completely full, right? So like so it's it's higher than the house and our lake is over there are the lake is over here, so the water is seeping groundwater like this and our house is right here, so it seeps and it just seems basically through our house. So I mean we have, we had flood
insurance but it's but
it's kind of revealed a whole bunch of drama and I mean a whole bunch of issues but you know
what,
lot of damage. Yeah, a whole lot like like more
than like 100,000, more than 100,000 worth. I mean Yeah. Yeah, I mean a huge amount, especially like land value around here. Obviously it's we're not in Virginia, right? We're not in new york. So these aren't as expensive there. So, I mean compared to the land or the value of the actual property, it was like, wow, that's whole lot percentage wise. So we'll have to do some things with the house long term. Um, we'll probably
were debating whether to tear the whole thing down and start again and all those things. So it's kind of a crazy like it's been nuts. I mean that's, that's the only way to describe it. It's been absolutely insane. So, but that's all right. I mean, you know, I've kind of dealt with it in my head and filed it away and, and move on, move forward and move on. Right. That's all you can do. So yeah.
Is
flooding common? Uh, No, I mean, so, so you probably saw on the news um, a year and a half ago, I don't know how much of a news junkie you are, but so like the Mississippi backed up. So the Arkansas River is a tributary to the Mississippi and that's the one that goes through my town. So ultimately it goes through Wichita through Tulsa Oklahoma down and meets meets the Mississippi somewhere down there. I'm not actually sure where it meets up, but like since the Mississippi was overflowing, everything backed up, like, like the entire midwest was flooding. Like it was like, I mean obviously the Mississippi is the Mississippi, so it got all the news press, but like all the tributaries everywhere were flooding as well, so it just, there was nothing to drain the water, like it couldn't go anywhere fast enough. And so
we had several
weeks of unprecedented rain, it just kept backing up and we had already had a whole bunch of flooding the year before and so it just backed up backed up backed up and so we kind of just I mean it barely flooded our house but it doesn't take much to do a lot of damage its water. So once it gets in that it kind of is just like boom. Um So it's definitely not common, it's just one of those flukes in my life that we bought a house that we didn't expect it to certainly and that's what happened. So I mean what are you gonna do? Right so like I said just make it best of it and do whatever. So now like it's pretty weird so that was that we're only I mean a year away basically removed from that. So half the state is already in a drought and the other half of the state is still like in like basically flood amount so that the western half is having flooding issues and the eastern half or the western half is having drought issues in the eastern half is having water issues still. But we're not because we're like kind of in the central area like central of the state.
And so
it's like it's fine here I mean but east of us if you like I mean a couple counties over it it starts getting pretty wet again so it's not normal but it's not it happens. So
it depends on what creek you live by, what river
you live by. Or you know if you have a lake in your front yard or backyard or whatever you wanna call it. So it happens mm Not good. Not good at all. Do
you prefer
living with
of
land as opposed
to the city? Um Yeah I mean so I don't really like neighbors. I like people but not neighbors
and like all the new
houses right? Like I mean they're all built right next to each other. There's like I mean There's like
five ft in between the houses like if you buy this big beautiful new house
and
like
like you can like I mean like you know reach outside and tap on your neighbor's window. It's it's just not me like and
it's not my wife either. And so we just were like yeah let's move out in the country. So we did and here we are. But I mean I grew up in the city like I mean it's not I mean it's not a city city. I mean it's I don't know when I grew up it was 300,000 now it's like 500,000 so it's not huge but it's not small either. Like I mean it's kind of like a permanent suburbia. Um We definitely prefer rural like and I mean you know over time I can I mean we can get gardens going properly and I mean kind of that kind of stuff. I mean the dog, you know the dog doesn't even know what the city is like.
I mean
she's a lab, she's staring at me because she wants to go outside so I'll probably have to let her out of here in a second. So but she I mean so her favorite thing in the world and I and I kid you not, her favorite thing in the world is to go fishing. So she walks up and down.
she walks up and down our late, right? So it's a sandpit. Um So so it wasn't here. And then they dug
the sand out of the area because it's pretty close to the river so it's all sandy soil around here. And they use that sand too We assume to build the road. So it's been here for 4050 years now but but like this particular one
hold on she's
demanding now. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh
sorry.
she walks
up and down so like with a sandpit it's super clear because the sand filters the water as it comes. You know it comes up the base it clears it. There's plenty of fish and an ecosystem within it to like keep it keep it the vegetation down and it's a decent ecosystem. It's it's actually we're pretty happy with the ecosystem of the water so and like I'm a nature nerd right? So like I mean I love all the nature aspects of it. So anyway she walks up and down the side of the lake and she pushes the small fish up towards the shore where it's shallow and then she tries to pounce on them and every once in a while she actually gets one. But the problem is once she pushes it down into the sand, she can't transfer it because she wants to basically play with it. Like she doesn't she doesn't kill it. She she like tries to get it in her mouth and normally at that point she raises her pa and it just swims off. But every once in a while she'll get a fish and like I like you know run around chasing her with my looking
like like
you know chicken trying to get her and save the fish and put it back in the water. But you know, so since she's a lab, I mean
really cute. Yeah, we
think
so.
She's insane. I mean she's her parents were hunting dogs so I mean she doesn't mean
she's never hunted but but like her parents were hunting dogs so she has a lot of instincts that that doesn't she doesn't try to kill things, she tries to hold things like and that's kind of bread through hunting dogs lines like and she's a lab right? She wants to she
wants to chase and she wants to bring things back and all those things like instinctually she has so so she definitely does and she tries to get the fish and Every once a while she succeeds. So that's
an exciting
help. Yeah it's pretty funny. That's I mean that's I mean she would do that 24/7 if we let her but you know you can't let her out there all the time. We got to avoid the skunks at night and I don't want her playing with any of the skunks or anything like that. So but you
know
if you get
an animal
issues like
you
mentioned stung
coyotes,
so
you can hear, so I've only seen coyotes a
few times, but you can hear them basically every night. Um There's a lot of raccoons. Armadillos are slowly creeping north and so they're here now. So you've got some armadillos. Um you've got a decent amount of snakes, uh raccoons. We see all the time. We had a beaver in the in the um in our lake for a little bit and it had to get it had to get moved because you can't have a beaver because they create a lot of damage and because they damn things up as beavers do take out a lot of trees. Um I mean endless dear, like endless, endless, endless dear. Um, and then I'm so one of my hobbies is I'm a burger. So, so I, so
that kind of started when I moved out here. I wanted to like, I mean obviously I, I've always liked nature, right? But I mean when I came out
here, it's like, okay, specifically, what is that bird like? And I've kind of got into it pretty
Hardcore
Like. So right now, I think we're at 98 different species um, on the property.
So like in burning, it's
like so I'm a numbers
guy normal.
So in Kansas, we have like, like the migrations from, from Mexico and central America come straight up and they come straight up the midwest. Like, and the mountains are kind of the, the breaking point, right? They're not going to go through Colorado and the Rockies because they're not going to fly over the mountains. So they kind of go straight through the midwest and basically are here. So during migration season, they're very, very, very common. So like in May you get like hundreds of different birds. So I don't
where you live. But I mean, I would say an average number of total species for Virginia, like if you're, if you're on the coast, you're probably looking at, I don't know, 200-50. If you're inland a little bit, you'd probably look at 150-200. Um compared to here, there's about 300 in the wetlands, which is, which is a couple counties to the west, there's maybe 3 53 75 different species. And obviously some of them, some of them are super, super rare. The dog wants to come in, give me one second. Sure. Uh huh. Kid, I'm funny, I'm sorry? So it's I mean it is it is a lot like, but I mean I've been here for years, right? And actually we added I added a lot because I started working from home
like in in March and
so
I work at Spirit Aerosystems which is uh so it's a supplier, so Boeing, it used to Boeing used to be in Wichita but they sold a piece of it off and so now we're a tier one supplier to Boeing. So it's pretty it's pretty stressful at work right now like obviously because I mean everything with Boeing and all the 737 max problems, then you get the covid stopping playing travel overnight like. So there's been a lot of layoffs, I've managed to keep my job. I mean I work salary not hourly. Um The hourly
folks have gone through, I mean thousands and thousands of layoffs already and I mean salary has as well, but not in the thousands and Well, they're probably up to 1000 now. Um But I mean it's it's, it's gonna hurt our economy for a long, long, long, long time. Like Wichita is very not in a good position, we are not well, but I mean it's completely aircraft here. So I mean
we
have
industry. Yeah, so like, I mean we have, I don't, I don't know how much people know about planes I do because I grew up here. So um Lear Jet is the, is a business jet provider of basically like every business jet anybody ever is on is made in Wichita or at least a considerable amount of it. Like so hawker Beechcraft Lear jet are all under text drawn now, it's like, it's just a big cold conglomerate. They've all, All the business jets are under one big umbrella, they're just different names. So we have a whole bunch of business jets and then we have a whole bunch of Boeing work and most of spirits. Airbus work is other places. So it's in north Carolina, it's in its overseas, like, so most of the Airbus work isn't here. So like Wichita is like basically a Boeing and text in business aircraft town and like we have hundreds
of suppliers here that support those. So like our entire industry structure is screwed. I mean like, I
mean it will like the economy could recover tomorrow, like Covid could go away tomorrow and even in the
max could get better tomorrow
and it would still take years for the Wichita economy, we will lag the national economy by years because of our positioning. So hopefully I make it, I mean we have a couple other, I mean bigger industries but like aircraft dominates I mean, which is the air capital of the world. That is our nickname. So
yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean nobody, there's very few people that come through through Kansas. So I mean and if they do, you've heard of Kansas city but you haven't really heard of Wichita like I mean and we know that. That's all right. I mean I travel other places. So I've seen lots of lots of other areas, but not many people come here. So that's good. That's cool. I can deal with it. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how much your international relationship live relations degree. We'll, we'll get you anything here and uh, here in in Kansas. So
no,
not
unless
I
wanted to combine
it with an agricultural
degree for an aviation degree. There's lots of aviation work like internationally. So I mean I guess everybody
needs
grid needs a representative anywhere else. So you know, it just depends what
specifically
do you do. Um So uh my title is, I'm a business management analyst. So I so I make presentations for my VPs like is really what it comes down to. So my job is really to take all kind of round up my the directors and the VPs and make one presentation that seamless and then teach that presentation to my senior VP so he can give it to the executive leadership team. So my job is to take numbers and and analyze them. Like I mean I'm a numbers person like I always have been like and so it's relatively easy for me to to like, you know, I'm good at taking a lot of information and deciphering it down to two a small amount right, like and then putting that into a good story, it's really about uh because because when the people who are the directors or the first level managers, the senior managers, they really are so involved in it that they don't understand what level to present that information at. So my job is to kind of teach them the story, like it's like no you don't need to tell the board of directors like a 20 minute narrative about one problem, you like highlight that narrative and then move on to the like because there's you know, they don't they would be doing that all day, so
that's
what it comes down to. I don't even know how to say it any other way. So I do that for Boeing programs, I used to be in quality um and an engineering field like doing the same job and before that I was in after market. So when I was there I was a forecasting analyst, so I rain inventory like I was the person who chose how much inventory to store in stock, like for four different programs. So I took everybody's inputs from from, we would go out to all the aircraft, like we'd go to southwest and we'd say okay southwest, I know how much is in your fleet, I know how many, I mean I know how many hours cycle and how many cycles you have on your planes. So I think you need this number of like this is my prediction on what you're going to need, like based on that information, like and then I mean and that's what I stored basically. So like I mean it was it was a inventory management position ultimately, but it's an analyst position in, you know, so that was that was that job and then we had some changes and I went over to business management and now I decipher things for senior VPs and how much people get paid way more than me. So do
you like
this
one
better
or the
inventory? Well, I mean,
so I think
that if that the other job remained the same like, but it wasn't going to because of some things that happened
like, like business wise, like I really liked that job in the, in the number since. Right, I was good at it. My brain worked like that. My brain, my brain things like that. Right? So, so yeah, so you're tweaking right? All you're doing is like getting a system, developing a system and then tweaking those numbers down to like perfection, even though there is no perfection because things happen all the time with this job, there's no right answer ever because it can look good this way and it can look good that way. And so it's just different like I don't think it's better or worse, I just think it's different so you know I like them both. I like having a job too, I mean we're on time we were on four day work weeks but I mean I still have a job
and that's better. Yeah well I wish I got paid off all those days, although we're on unemployment, I get unemployment for that one day I'm off so which is crazy on itself so um Yeah I work I mean so that's I mean yeah I like I like both jobs for different reasons um and my boss and my job, I've kind of followed her around for the last few years like um so I've had the same boss for like 3.5 years now and she's great and we get along and we know each other really well and our expectations for each other. Um And there was a lot of turnover in my old job, so I had a new boss like every six months right like and that's kind of annoying you kind of have to reprove yourself.
Um There was a lot of change and it was a younger group of people, so there was so after market was kind of ran like a like a new business like so so it was kids right like I mean and they're not kids like you know I mean I was a kid at that time, I was eight years ago now so like it's you know, so people are are pregnant and they leave and or they find another job because they're constantly looking, whereas when you work with somebody older, they're kind of settled into their position and they there they're happy or comfortable, I mean they might be trying to advance within the company, but they're not looking outside the company, so there's less turnover, so I like that aspect and I get along with like I said my boss and that's, I mean to me that's what makes a job, like, I mean it's just
that's
definitely true, I mean I don't know how much you've worked in your in your career yet, but probably not
hardcore since you're still
in school, but some
I'm
doing my
math
is now,
so
I did
work for about a
year
and
I
can
agree
with you having
block,
the most
important
thing. Yeah. So did you do your undergrad it at Columbia or? Yeah,
no,
I did it
at a Virginia
college,
what was it called?
George mason. Oh, yep, yep. We don't like
you
here in Wichita because of basketball, so we don't like Jordan, so, but that's all right,
that's cool.
Yeah, I'm pretty easy going. At least I like to think I am so, so I don't know, what do we do? Like We've done our 25 minutes, which I mean didn't didn't see my kids, so that's good. That's a good, I mean that means you're entertaining, right? Or maybe I just talk a lot.
I don't know,
I
think
it's
an extrovert. I don't know, I'm not all the time. I it's one of those like comfortable things like, right, like I could like hit a button and you can disappear and like, I don't have to feel guilty about it. So I am in certain circumstances if I go to a party though, I'm like I'm that guy hiding in the corner going, oh my God, why am I why did I come to a party? So
But it's been good, right? Like I mean it's been it's
in
it's pretty entertaining. So I saw these surveys
and
I didn't
come flooding
and
the interview
working
and everything. I didn't think I'd ever do one of these surveys, like it's like, oh no, I don't want to talk to somebody random. And then I was like, well we'll see what happens and it's some extra money and you know, whatever. Yeah,
I got
to
meet that. That's right. All right. Well, I mean unless you
know I'm happy to talk more or you know like it's great. I mean, I'm going to go and cook some dinner and and figure out what we're gonna do this evening, so Okay,
I
should go
cook
dinner too.
Yeah, it's been great. You have a great day. Okay.
You
to