you hear me? Is my microphone working
well? What's up?
I'm Preston. How are you feeling? Okay. Yeah.
Yes I can. Cool.
I actually started in april. How about you?
We're just fine
but same here read it. Um The beer.
Yeah I've been like how long have you been using Reddit?
Uh Sam I've been using it since like 2016 and like that's one of the first and celebrate its that I've fallen
and
I heard
it yeah beer money because you know side
money
and so and I follow some music things. It's pretty nice. What other things you use other than prolific?
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't see like I don't seem like those pay very well either but
prolific
basic style though.
How many studies
day? Oh I said how many studies you usually get like per day?
You started in every all right saying how much have you made if I may ask like so far too.
It's in the U. S.
Yeah. Sam I'm in Georgia.
Savannah is a very nice place. I love it.
have
been like, just, you know,
yeah. Have you cashed out yet?
Yeah. I still need to verify my paypal so I can actually accept all the money.
Yeah. How old are you by the way?
Oh, wow. I'm 18.
I mean like, you know, due to the coronavirus, like I'm currently kind of like a student, but I call myself a graduate because like I'm pretty much graduated. I still have on one more class to do, but like I'm just taking government now, which I am passing. So I'm, I'm waiting to know what they're going to do for graduation and how pretty sure we're going to receive our diplomacy. The mail.
Oh yeah. I didn't really want to do like I actually ceremony because like that seems like too scary to walk up in front of a bunch of people. Okay. Yeah,
I mean, yeah, it's better to do it over the Internet as I assume, you know?
Yeah. This is kind of like a bagel, but like a paid version of omega, which isn't like, I mean like, you know, you have an idea of who you're going to be talking to. Kind of, it's not going
to be
it's pretty nice.
Around since the two thousands, 2010 maybe,
Would you study?
Oh, wow. I'm involved
with
like audio
production and like everything. Maybe, you know, audio video, It's pretty nice. Have you ever been involved with any of that?
I could never act. It's just not my thing.
I'm involved with like the technical side of everything. That's nice,
I mean kind of, but I do like work for other people, like, like, you know, in this room or whatever, like audio
wise, not like I could, whenever I was in school, I would do stay after school at the time. I I basically lived in the theater and for court rehearsals and people who needed sound for events, I'd stay and run it. Mhm.
I mean like probably going to go back and work at the school of doing that because there was no one else that was interested and oh, the two people which was me and Ian, the other guy that were are both both graduating. So I'm like the only person who are going to go back and drain someone, maybe
that
is the
zero, probably ask I have nowhere else to go. So.
No, not really. I don't think college is so expensive.
Yeah, it's kind of crazy. Okay, do you have a job working? It's like biology
time.
About
Oh, that's crazy. You can be my therapist. That's crazy.
I have known for a therapist.
I mean, maybe never now
have
you every
week.
I mean, I've had one before, but like, I don't feel like I'm like, I'm in a good place. Like I like myself, you know? But it's always
good
to have them else to talk to. Okay. It's pretty nice.
And plus figuring out what I want to do for like the rest of my life, like after high school because I don't really have a step plan. Mhm.
Yeah. I feel that, I don't even know. Like I might get a job after high school, going to like mainly an audio place like guitar, maybe
Guitar center, you know? Yeah,
I
hope I could see myself working there. Whether the job you had.
Oh, I could do that. That's so nice.
What's it called? Mhm
liquid
programming or actually teaching them the basics of the computer. Because like I love computers. I'm like, I'm always
having a green one.
What
or
like what? CMR.
Database.
I mean they have to though because it's like they're going to be using daily.
I don't see why they wouldn't want to,
I don't know.
I feel like if you're used to something for so long and then you switch, you really don't want to. Cancer.
I feel that it seems like most people are starting to be interested in like the medical field. Like more people getting
out
of high
school and going into college. It's cut.
right. A virus to cause like we're out and everything you are you like shelter in place are
you recording
Think
what?
What?
Oh yeah. I mean we have well it's been lifted. I'm in Georgia so like government or campus our governor and like people are mad at him because like like according to the CDC or whatever, they recommended not to open up anything right now. But then he opened up like a bunch of places and now more people got sick after that and you know and that's
crazy.
That's crazy.
Uh No but I know one person's mom who I think is apparently she told me. I was like oh that's crazy.
But like I haven't and that's how she is as I couldn't imagine getting sick though but like I haven't read much about it. Like I've read a lot about it, but I don't know like how at risk I am if I was to get it, you know, because like younger and they said that like younger people aren't like as you know, vulnerable to it. Yeah.
Whatever. You got it. Yeah.
What is
that?
wow, How's that going?
That's
And what I'm proud of you.
hold on. Yeah, I want to do that. Yes, this morning about a 30 minute message, they said they don't even take college next up right now. Uh you do that, you know, I can call them up. Okay.
Yeah,
that's my granddad. Well, what is, what were you
before
you?
Oh, he has a southern accent. Do I sound like I was Southern accident.
Well, who, what, where do I sound like them from?
people?
And
uh because like whenever I say something like talking, it's like people think that I have some kind of accident because the way that I say it, but like I grew up here in Georgia when I was younger, I had like a very like high pitched southern type accent. But like, I feel like this turns into a deep kind of thing.
wow. I guess I was born in new york, but no one ever told me. Yeah,
no, I'm just kidding. I know I was born here. Crazy. Um one of the things are you using besides prolific? I think I asked this nothing.
Have you heard of deep
discount?
Um I used it. I mean $20. It's like there's emissions or whatever that they have and it's like, I don't want to go on my phone, but it's basically there's a bunch of like it's kind of like this but it's missions that you complete. Not just it's not like one study or whatever. It's uh it's like over like a course of a certain time period like days, months or weeks and if you qualify for that then you start doing it and then you complete what they assign you each day and then once you're finished all that they review it and then you get paid. I did
want about view on demand like live tv compared to how you can stream on netflix and get it instantly compared to watching just what's on tv. I would definitely recommend checking that out if you want length to maybe qualify for something like that.
Gay scouts.
Yeah it's all over case.
You're welcome. I've
also tried like click worker and stuff. Like the only thing that's benefited for me is prolific, prolific is the best thing I found out about just starting quick money, you know, and help other people out because uh I'm sure
taking coronavirus studies and click,
how many did you get your first day?
It
is.
Yeah. It seems like a like the first time and I like that's over. Well, because I didn't understood or understand how it works because there's like places like only a certain number of people can get in at once. Um Have
you received like, like do you always keep the time open?
Well,
federal
tax assessment.
Yeah. I received like, have you received a notification where you get one and then you go to the tab and there's nothing there and you refreshment? I have everything. I don't
know. It's like a have
you
gotten
So what?
Yeah. I've also seen the one very like your identification and there's just one place left. It's like you're the
only
one. And what else gets it? Yeah,
literally. I mean this is a pretty high paying when it's like, I mean what are they like analyzing? I contacted them is like how people react upon my first impression not knowing anything. And about like offering. It's kind of nice.
Crawford.
What?
Oh yeah. I feel that I thought I was going to be coming in here like awkward. But I mean like I can make the conversation like once we start talking, you know like I know nothing about you but like I mean I do now but like when you first meet you don't crazy.
Yeah, maybe. I mean I feel like I can comfort a lot of people. Like I can listen to them. It's just like I'm not sure, I like the best, like accurate advice because like, I don't know of anything, you know?
That's
no,
I'm pretty sure just people that I talked to mainly girls and we just need someone to talk to you. Mhm.
I mean, yeah, I consider myself that, haven't you?
I mean, it just feels like a regular, like Skype conversation or whatever. Mhm.
Yeah, that's wild. What have you been doing due to coronavirus?
Have
you been worked
on?
And
you don't like working with them or,
Uh That's wild. I've never actually had like a job like outside of like school, like doing gigs outside of school. I can imagine how it would be. You have to wait every single day and go to it.
I mean, like, what I've been doing is just working like freelance, you know, audio mixing and mastering, which was set up right in front of me and I I like helping people set up audio equipment and stuff if you can get a might have like a migraine in front of me.
Yeah, I'm not using it though because it's connected to the other, but Yeah.
Um No, but like I'd like to like I would like to start podcasting and stuff. I mean this looks like a streamer set up. I mean it kind of it's like I could use it for streaming but its mailing I don't know because I
like him. Mhm.
I like games. Do you play games?
Like I said, do you play any games? Video games
on twitter.
I mean a lot of people say I've seen like stream on all platforms, so whoever wants to
watch the March on either one of those. Have you heard of called Digital War Zone?
Yeah, I mean it's very popular now. Like it's I mean you've heard a fortnight obviously.
Yes. Yeah. I don't like specifically like it but I'm gonna try and get into it. But I see so many like younger people playing it but like wars and it's pretty much like that, but it's like Call of Duty style I guess. I don't play many video games that often. But I'm starting to get back into it. I've been like doing music stuff since like 2014, 15 and then 16. And I've done like I've started getting interviewed four times 2017. That's why.
Oh I said I stopped like doing much gaming 2017. That's when I started learning audio full time on my own. That's pretty
I mean I have learned from like other people to just watching videos on Youtube pretty much and then we'll get into it, you can develop your own style and figure out what works best for you rather than copying what other people are doing. Because that's
how
I don't know. Like I live in Georgia, kennesaw. It's kind of like, I mean there's some good people here. Like a lot of people are interesting around areas like um I have really no idea but like anyone wanted to start a podcast, I could get all the equipment set up for it and you know, the interview, are you, are you involved? Do you know anything about audio like that or? Yeah.
I need that. A voice. Yeah,
probably.
I have no idea what's your, what's your device for keeping one girl instead of like, you know, talking to many at the same time, you know? Yeah.
I mean there's someone that I'm talking to now we fell off, but like we're starting to talk again and I'd rather have one person that you can settle down. Let's rather than, you know, you know, a bunch of hose like, like, you know what I mean? That you talked to like that makes sense. You probably
Mhm
Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Yeah.
just thought when you're like this age, you're like wild, you know, until you start growing up and then you want
to
start going down.
I definitely
continue.
Yeah. I feel that like I don't want to be like my dad, like I don't know about like having a 10 that like if I was, I don't want to like I want to grow up with him and not like not be there, you know?
I mean, not really. I was raised by my grandparents as you saw my granddad came in. That's nice. So yeah,
I have
it
here.
Well,
I could not see myself getting married. I don't know why
I mean, maybe in the future. Okay.
mean,
so many people do. I mean, not many people, but I've seen like, a number of people who, you know, there's high school sweethearts, you know, ask you who have been like, with someone for like, over three years. I'm like, that usually turns out to, you know that story that everyone likes?
Like,
Mhm How long have you known your husband now?
That's crazy.
Has more like this side. Like, did you get engaged first?
I wonder how many people like, instantly just like get married without having to plan anything, you know?
Because like, I know there's some, like, crazy people who just want to, like, like, they meet one person and they're like, all attached to them. And I mean, I feel that, but like, there's a point where it gets excessive, you know? But Mhm.
I mean, I guess so, I don't know what you would classify as and love, but like, there's some people that have been with that, like, we're better than others and had an impact on, like, you know, my overall relationships that I've had girl.
Yeah, I mean, there's only like, a few people that I would classify that as like, I want to settle down because like, I was like, I want, like, the person I was talking about before, I was like 16 or 17, I mean, it was nice little outlasted, you know? But like, once you fall off here, like, where do you go? And they're like, I've always been used to talking to multiple people at once, and that doesn't ever work out with like if you're trying to go for one person or talking to, you know, and they find out, you know, like it's, you know, it's a whole class of emotions.
I
also because
you consider yourself a jealous person.
I consider myself like very jealous. Like even though like if you're talking about like multiple people at once, it's like you want you want to be the only one, but it's kind of like a reflection, like you're talking to mobile people so like why can't they? But it's like a jealousy thing with yourself. That's how I feel sometimes. That's crazy. I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, that's why I went like, now that I'm 18, like my birthday is March 3rd. I want to like get to better myself like that. Mhm.
Um I mean like not very much, but I want to
like what is your advice
like to like settle with one person instead of like, because like there can be a lot of people that pique your interest, but like you just want that one person and like there's so many options, but you don't want it to be an option, you know? Mhm.
Truck.
I hate your people,
Well,
that's
very
because that's what I am stuck in and I hate it. Mhm.
Um I recognize that. Yeah. I don't know much about it though.
Uh huh. That's where I found my stuff to be honest. Mhm.
Uh Like I feel like a lot of it's less than like it's better to fall in love with a personality rather than just, you know, sexual attraction in my Yeah.
What
do you mean?
I
mean,
Uh No. Do you still see me?
Um hold on, let me because of my camera. I see your face
yelling. Keep out yes or no, You can't see me.
I hope this isn't. And how do you end this when this is over, by the way?
What
you need?
How do you do the timer? Okay.
Oh, did you go through a prolific with the message that prolific, don't you?
Oh you're talking about the oh, I see the timer now. 33
minutes. Yeah. And well, so
you
can't
no.
Do
you
have I'd like to stay in contact. Your pretty nice
because
like
I was
I was talking to like the people that are on there, I was like like if you like the person that we're talking to, how can we stay in contact and like it's your choice if you want to do it. Like what do you have like Snapchat or instagram or something or what do you prefer?
okay. I'll write it down in my notes. Do you have facebook by any chance? I don't know if you feel comfortable giving
that
out. Of course.
Okay. I understand that. What's your email?
Okay. I have that mind will be pressed Immobilien zero at gmail dot com. Alright. It was nice talking to you.
Thank you. You too. So do we just close out of the job?
Okay. Go on.
Are you too have a good night and or day wherever it is for you.
Goodbye.