anyone else seeing this cohen flirted? This is a trap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Clear. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I think it is.
Hey, I'm kim How are you?
what you can see here, you fine? Can you still hear me?
Yeah. So how long have you been doing prolific?
No kidding. I started probably in March. I'd have to go back and look at my thing to to check on it. Yeah.
Where did I find out about it? I think I found out about it originally on Reddit. And then
And then I got, I got really interested in it after whatchamacallit. I was reading like a personal finance blog about side hopeless people are doing from home and Yeah.
Oh Lord. Probably four or five years.
So
what
Biermann
thank
you.
I don't really have anything. There used to be a time when I was um
was that every so often I would do those survey sites and every so often I would do like I'd have those apps on my lock screen where like if you swiped on an ad that you could get five cents or whatever and then it just, I couldn't, it was so silly. I felt dumb doing it. But I had, I couldn't control the volume of the ads and so every so often my phone would just start playing, add music and I really hated it. So I just decided there were other things to do for money.
Not really. It was more like seven or 10 cents a day, but like
it added up.
Mm hmm. That's definitely true.
What you can.
I think my peak has been like four or five last couple days. It's only been like one a day.
did you do let me check on my profile? That would be a cool thing to do. Um
Yes, I am. Are you
Georgia? Very cool. I visited Georgia for the first time, like two years ago. It was for a wedding when visited Savannah. I've earned £39. And then since
it's pretty, we
went
spring. Nice.
I gashed out like $8 worth originally, but then I've just been letting it accumulate.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm 30
18. Hello, are you a student or what do you do right now?
Sweet. I'm sorry that you're gonna miss out on the, on graduation. That really sucks.
And you sign up for paid conversations with strangers
from here. Yeah. No, that's fair
little
bit. Mhm.
Yeah. That is nice. I how long ago was omega thing? That was the thing when I was a freshman in college. So like,
yeah, wow, I was a freshman college in 2000 and eight,
I've got some biology major,
I
was
child.
A V stuff. No, no, I think what this I ever got was one time I was an actor for about 15 minutes. Mhm.
No. Oh.
Are you missing out on like a v extracurriculars and stuff like that?
What?
Sweet.
Are
you planning
to stay in the area after graduation?
No, not planning to go to university or?
It's true, it is.
No,
actually, I, once I was finished with my biology degree, I did some did like one thing and another and then ended up going back for graduate school, but in mental health counseling, so I'm
actually resident in mental health counseling and going to be a therapist.
I
know I'm worried about that. Like if I uh said that online with somebody, if it would turn into a therapy session but
you never know
what
makes
you want a therapist
that's
been.
Yeah that's true.
You have lots of time which I'm sure lots of people are telling you, but it's really true. Yeah.
Like what now?
That'd
be sweet.
What other kinds of jobs that I had? Um Probably one of the most memorable was I worked full time in a hospital, teaching doctors and nurses how to use the computer.
Yeah. No look at rick around for things like that if you're interested in that field.
What was that called? We
had like a,
well
it was partly basics and it was partly a specific
E. M. R. Functions. So we had
what's UP
M. R. Stands for electronic medical records and so um
yeah the database just kind of like all the software that every function in the hospital ran on and so like everything from like lab to provide order entry to like nursing care sheets to pharmacy all that stuff. Yeah it was all run on the same system and we had to teach doctors how to use it and a lot of them didn't want to so. Yeah.
Yeah you try explaining that to a doctor.
Yeah because a lot of them are learning new things later in their careers and they have done it a certain way for their entire lives and
they're in a position uh frequently of being kind of the end all be all authority on a lot of different things and that doesn't set them up well to handle change a lot of time unfortunately. So you know apologies if you're close with any doctors or know of any doctors of a chip on my shoulder about that, so Yeah,
I definitely had been for them for that, but I mean still some of them made, a lot of them are really, really kind about it and some of them were younger and a lot more facile with technology, but some of them were like a real pain in the ass. Uh huh.
You
know
that?
I'm sure that what's going on right now is going to turn a lot of people into nurses and doctors and respiratory therapists and things like that.
I'm
in so no um
were
encouraged to stay at home um and we can't have large gatherings of people and a lot of places are closed right now, but we're not technically shelter in place um
Yeah, not as strict as like California.
It's
a little boy then. Mhm.
Have you been doing okay or do you have family who are sick?
She's
Yeah.
I haven't been seeking it out honestly it's mostly just kind of like come across I think when it was starting out I tried to read some stuff from like um and C. B. I guess
try
to read like health complications, trying to read fix stuff. I was looking for peer reviewed stuff but um yeah I've been trying not to think about it but thankfully I've been busy lately. I actually got married last week and so
yeah it's great
I like being old. Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah it's pretty sweet to uh to be married. We had to um we had to cancel will not cancel hopefully but we had to postpone the party that we were planning to have. And so we just a few people President. Um But yeah, we got to celebrate, which is nice.
Mhm.
Mhm.
No, no, was not saying anything. I was thinking about your
grandfather
southern accent.
No, I was surprised when you said you were from Georgia. He has one pretty strong.
Mhm. I couldn't really place it um upstate new york. I don't know. Yeah, I mean
that's the only, well no, I've lived a lot of places,
but upstate new york sounds about right.
Yeah, when you say talking, it does sound a little bit like my sister who lives in Manhattan.
Why would they?
you did. I don't have anything else going on just now.
Have what now?
No, I don't know that one.
husband,
Cool. How do you spell that?
D. Scout?
Cool. I'll look it up. Thanks.
No.
Isn't,
Yeah, there's been a handful of lately for sure.
Um I don't remember how many I got
my
first day, but there I probably answered like eight or nine since starting. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I actually
download the extension on chrome so I could
get a notification
of my things. Um But yeah, I just leave the tab open and do other stuff.
Unfortunately
it's
like
what was tonight? More
people just snipe them, people get to them too fast
and
what?
It's always the happening ones too.
I
wonder how they would
quantify that was, I don't know across professions like uh I talk with strangers for a living basically until they stop becoming strangers and so I wonder if that will skew their data at all.
Yeah, maybe you can be a therapist.
mm. Well that's the first step for sure.
Who
do you find yourself reporting the most?
Are you are you kind of a shoulder to cry on?
Well, I guess it's different when you're getting paid for it? Yeah.
definitely.
Right now I'm not working, I'm due to start another job in june,
but
I was more
I was working from home for a little bit, but the company that I was working for, I had been planning to leave them for a while and so I decided
we were in there, we were in a well off enough spot, fortunately that I was able to just quit.
I did not like working for my previous employer. No, I mean there there who were there were good hearted people, but the company was struggling in an industry that is kind of fraught with struggles. Like when you're working in for profit mental health, there's a lot of pitfalls and when your state decides to revamp the whole structure that for profit mental health makes money off of, then a lot of people have a tough time, so they had a bit of rough time.
Depends on what you want to do. I mean if you want to do freelance a. V work like freelance video editing and things like that, you may never have to.
Who is that?
Are you a streamer by any chance? I see your gaming chair and you're nice mike set up.
Nobody's,
what would you stream?
Which ones?
Yeah, I'm familiar. Um My husband is a really big clash of clans fan and so we're watching a lot of streams of clash of clans in this house.
Uh we don't watch them on twitch actually. Mostly catch them on Youtube. Mhm.
Morning,
Uh Call of Duty, you have heard of War Zone specifically? I haven't seen played.
Yeah, I've heard a fortnight.
You kind of broke up there for a second, what did you say?
Sweet to yourself tight. Mhm.
What kind
of podcast did you do?
No, I'm not really an audio person, I was on a podcast briefly that was dispensing relationship advice.
Do you?
Well here's your one on one session. What do you got,
mm? Is there a girl that you really like?
Yeah, I mean if you would like to just talk with one girl then don't talk with other girls, that's Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of a place to start. Have you told her that you care for her? Mhm.
Good. And as she reciprocated.
Listen, well that's a good start. Yeah,
I
think.
Yeah, I mean it uh the timeline for that various for everybody and some people never decided to be like that and some people do. I
was reading yeah,
between 18 and 20 two, I was pretty wild and now I'm married. So, you know.
Was your dad not there for you?
I'm glad
that,
you
know, I was raised by my parents, my
parents are still married and still living thankfully and they were able to come to my wedding and so that was
No.
mean if you could see yourself getting married right now, you'd have bigger problems. There's
no reason we did 18.
Uh It's
a sweet story when it works out, that's for sure.
Okay. I've known my husband for probably 4.5 years and we've been together for four years. Yeah,
it's pretty cool. Yeah.
Yeah, we did um we got engaged last year actually, a year and a month ago yesterday. Yeah.
Well, it's I know what happens a lot and it happens for all different kinds of reasons.
I mean, if it clouds your judgment, that can always be a problem. Have you ever been in love?
No, I mean, it doesn't matter what I would classify as being in love, It's what, you know, it matters to you and the other person that you're with.
Yeah, for sure. That's probably number one is like if you are continuing to talk to multiple people at once, everybody needs to know that that's what you're doing. And there are lots of people who are cool with that. There are lots of people who aren't looking for a monogamous relationship right now and that's also fine. Um And you know,
that's
what
do I consider myself a jealous person? No, typically not. Yeah.
You really put yourself in the other person's shoes then how they must feel about you talking to other people.
What have you done so far?
Mhm. What's on your list
to better yourself?
Well, I think there's two ways you could go about it and one takes longer than the other. Um The quick way is to just, you know, not
talking to anybody, not talking to you, not talking to you, not talking to you. I'm only going to talk to you because you were the person that I like the most and I'm going to stop comparing you to everybody else. Because there's
before there's so many women out there, right? There's just so many people you could fall in love with. It could
be
one
could the next and one could be more funny than the next one. Could be smarter than the next. You know, they're just like if you keep talking to everybody, you're always going to be playing the comparison game, right?
It's tough. Was he like, have you heard of Analysis? Paralysis?
Yeah, basically if you just keep going over all of your choices, you never make a choice.
So the other option, the longer option is look at what's attracting you to all these different girls and just like why is there something about this girl that's really appealing to me? Why is there something about that girl that's really appealing to me and just trying to see what that means?
So what what things do you feel like you're missing in a person that you're really into, that you've seen someone else and like just trying to figure out what holes are you trying to fill within yourself.
And maybe
none of the women really, Maybe none of the women match up with you if if you really care for some of them and you really are attracted to some of them and really want some of them, Like maybe none of them are perfect like that. But like you start to discern when you look at those qualities that you're really drawn to, like what is it that's most important for you? Long term.
I lost
your picture by the way. Did you turn your camera off?
No, I just see your silhouette. Do you see my face?
No.
I cannot see you.
I think he just closed the window. Um according to
the
timer, talking for about 35 minutes,
it's on the previous tab with the survey that you had to open to get to this window.
I went through the message that prolific sent me.
No.
Well,
I'm
happy you're romantic advice if you monitor, I'm happy to sign
off and we can get paid. But what
would you
prefer?
I
will
thank
you.
Um I don't have Snapchat and I don't do instagram all that often, but if you got your face back, but if you'd like my email address and give that to you,
I
do
not to get that one out.
You can use kim Elise hall. That's K I am E l I S E h A L L at gmail dot com.
You as well as a pleasure. Good luck with everything,
yep. Just close the chat window.
Right. Take care. Bye bye.
Yeah, Both. I'll