Hi how are you?
Be all
Why
are you from? But,
oh yeah I think it's okay we'll be alive. Hello?
I'm actually in a bunker to florida. South florida.
Yeah after we're going to L. A. In about a month or so. I have a medical school interview after there. So I'll be there for about a week and
probably go to las Vegas to,
it's for U. C. L. A.
So
what do you do
for all that?
Oh yeah definitely. I have to get so
close
to or not.
That noise. So what do you do with that money muscle?
But
really? How that, yeah that's true.
So
what
follow
that?
Oh you have a cat and a dog? Oh
I do it well actually so uh interesting. Yeah
they're
downstairs right now but I kind of get them out of it. Yeah maybe I compared with Claudio. Yeah.
Uh Yeah I was actually born here you know I'm looking for my entire life so far. I mean I've been you know around different places but pretty much. Yeah.
Oh yeah definitely. But I mean it's not too bad. I have moved to other parts of florida as well so
uh yeah around the state uh Different parts of the country. Latino, the Northeast also has a lot of different schools don't want to. Uh Yeah definitely will. Yes but That can be pretty bright over there and over here three pitch black dark with you know 60 and so.
Yeah. Oh yeah that's true I mean here it could talk a little later but definitely I I don't like that before. I used to get dr A. P. M. Now, I don't know. Yeah
I mean thank you right now it's a good like 73 75. It's pretty well what we're used to be before.
really? Which would
look
call me? Oh really? What you called me over there?
English. How interested? Yeah. I actually have a friend of going to college, but they're actually went to uh I didn't say I went to uh Miami the grad school of us, but they were not changed going up in different places,
All right, that's it. Yeah. My brother actually in new york city right now, he works uh you know around down county was across the Central Park when I think about it. Yeah.
Right, definitely. Big city field versus L. A. For, you know, open to spread out.
yeah, I mean that could be kind of mixed buses because the L. A. Traffic there, so. Right.
The world,
You
live like in pretty much like down downtown?
Oh.
I mean, thank you for your opponent, pretty much retired because the 80s, so it's not,
I don't know why he did that. Okay,
different,
different.
that's why.
My Children
I guess. Yeah, mm So uh I mean uh so how is uh you know, L. A. In general with you know, stuff to do something that thinking of things to do, but I'm not personally city, so,
No.
Right. Yeah, I mean, I I think the Disneyland in florida, it's like similar to digital, what else?
I'm
if
I'll go,
but yeah, exactly, I'm thinking more of a, you know that book. I know, I think it's pretty good over there getting is good, I heard secondly
kind
of leaflet
from
it.
that is Malibu I really want
to get it.
mm. So
was different than new york? Mostly like I know it's a big city to buy that.
The
and
it may be right
Right right and that sort of thing kind of similar I guess it's a bit more quiet or older. Mhm. Have you been down to florida florida?
Oh really? Yeah I mean it's actually pretty nice right now. It's not too hot, not too cold. You know I went to the Everglades just you know two weeks ago last week I don't think
about
it is very nice and you can see all
kinds
of big
third
date is
I don't I don't I don't think the across the bottom and the U. S. Do I don't know. But I thought about a smaller gators, definitely. You're like
at
least
15, 20. Yeah
lots of
different
heights. It's not too small but it's not that big on our faithfully about I don't know 100,000 people. So. So I mean the entire south florida region is mostly suburban, right? So unless you go to you know Miami or a lot of this, it's for the most part. Very yeah you'll feel like a big building. It's mostly suburb. Why I kind of want to go to a big city for a different feeling. But yeah it's a nice place to definitely that really the family lives. But for you know if you want to have a more independent, you know vibe to it. I guess it's better if you do the biggest,
yeah we actually have a lot around the state but I did apply to but uh I kind of want to see, you know, just get somebody else.
Yeah, no, I mean it's funny, I would not mind set so uh definitely you know I came to be
I'm not entirely sure yet, I still have a long time to decide, but I the feeling most familiar with is probably cardiology households, chatter the orthopedic surgeon. So I kind of like that as well. So I'm kind of leaning towards the field in a way, but you know, it's really up to, you know, the future decide what I want to do that. So funny. I don't know. Yeah,
okay. I'm not too bad. I mean I've already finished all my applications now just you know, working with it, you know like candles.
I went to the University of Miami so not to follow it.
Oh, I mean it's a very nice standard. I mean I did to compare to some of the ones in North I would say it's much better, you know performance campus life academic companies previously, do you know for the most part the school isn't too big but it's not too small for other big campus so you can walk around everywhere. It's not like a huge chances, right? Versus university of florida is a huge step. They're like tens of thousands of student. So that one you need a car. Right. Right. But Miami is very walkable Vario, temperate climate. A lot of things.
All right. I stepped on campus but I know what you mean, that you know big, you know cause of the middle but also you know, I have some like, you know things spread out the n y you just building here, building there. I'd definitely rather have a cohesive texas but
Yeah exactly. So how was your undergrad experience like you know what was it like to be, how is your studies like how they you know post a lot of stuff like this?
How was that?
Right. So uh you kind of move to L. A. For like you know the kind of fear environment there like I can I can definitely you know holiday was a lot of performing on the wrong thing.
Oh really? So uh you know if you don't mind exactly like you know what what is your husband, you know how you are going to be at
So.
true. I mean my parents have a restaurant so I can definitely be a connection with.
Oh it's uh it's a chinese general, they only operated for pretty much my entire life so far, they're about to require anything but you know yeah you
know it's been fairly successful for them so I guess they want to you know enjoy life quit. Uh
I did not, they told me to sudden so.
Yeah exactly that do you have any siblings a million? I don't know.
Oh that must be terrible now.
I made bit of prioritizing that the americans never can. Right.
Yeah.
Right. I mean I went to the Bahamas last year and I kind of it's kind of like I mean they have some like modern conveniences like Miami but it feels like yeah okay it's not as developed as here and you kind of know yourself, it's mostly open openly and lots of people like that, people are definitely like laid back kind of enjoy love
definitely
it my friend. Yeah. So
what
kind of, what kind of food do they have this?
Well
Yeah, I'm actually kind of familiar with that stuff because I mean it's not too different than you know south korean cuisine right? And I mean when I went to Miami I had a lot of Cuban food so they like you know they're plantain, they like having you know rum drugs, rum drinks, you know different cakes and stuff like that.
Yes. Have you been to any interesting places you know in real life so far? Can I get a different result of that?
But
yeah I think I'm interested in probably going back to, I actually planning on going to europe this summer for about an entire month just before bringing my last vacation in a very very
long
time. So yeah, I mean I did study abroad in spain actually in college
for entire for about a month. So that was definitely you know interesting experience. Right? Actually I was going to win in four different cities for like you know we each and I got to you know learn the language and then you know eat the foods, different kinds of things going on stuff and
you
know because
how old are you?
I actually do remember quite a bit of it because if you live in some parts of Miami right? If you want to go to the walmart, if you start speaking so they will understand you. So definitely it's the more you practice more, it definitely helps, you know, reinforce the language. Even living in like you know, places like L. A. Or you know different places you can definitely get fucking. Yeah.
Called it.
Yeah. Yeah. I think we're gonna go everywhere. I mean just like you know I have quite a bit of time, something you know back to stay maybe France italy the Netherlands UK. You know I mean I should try to like you know budget my time because I can't go everywhere but you know I want to you know bigger than ever. You know I just try to because I pretty much want to go all out because after this I'm not going to an indication anymore so. Yeah.
Oh no, definitely not. I know you like you're there once in a while but yeah it's gonna be a lot, you know really had to enjoy, but it's kind of you know where uh you know I want to go, you know, I also just stuff yeah, we're in the different cultures, we take a bit of your language, I really want to, you know, perfect my french. I mean I took a bit in school so I know the basic, but I kind of want to, you know expand on it, but like
and my of course my you know my even native language, but because I was forced to actually a
resourceful and uh
I went to like an international schools.
What?
Right. I mean when you're young and you're forced to learn it, like you're kind of eight at first, you know why my business, but later in life you're like, okay, I kind of, you know, I'm glad that I did. Yeah.
Bright.
I mean, I really definitely, yeah, definitely the first part. Right, but that's what I'm saying emerged in practice and I think it definitely helps if you're a young age, you know, you learn right? But yeah, it's never too like, I mean I didn't start until I was in high school, right? But you know, I keep learning it all the time then, you know, eventually get good at it. Right.
that's it.
did you see italian kind of cut off their second do okay. My cousin actually took italian and college too, she kind of went to, you know, move on and something that helps, you know, reinforced, I don't know if she's actually you remember any of it, but she was a linguistics majors.
All
Mhm. Yeah, I mean I kind of wish like the education system emphasize that more because if you go to europe right, it's not accommodating people speaking on Tuesday languages because we kind of have to, you know, do that, they're right. So I mean
Yeah. Right, exactly. And uh not to mention the fact that if you don't know another like common language can communicate with someone in other countries like the Netherlands, they speak, you know, english better than you know here something like the americans somehow because they have to write, especially if you want to, you know do anything stuff.
okay, english mix.
Right. It's kind of like creole, you know, it's like you have to put you know they did a this and that and everything inside yes go
out. Yeah. So in Jamaica like where did you go specifically? I've been there when I was young but I remember too much about it.
Right. Yeah, definitely. Like you know culture emerges, get to see, do you know whatever they needed to do that. Mhm.
Exactly. Right. Do you plan on going back sometimes,
No.
Right, right. Yeah, definitely go or like toward early summer because I wouldn't even, you know what mom is like marches, it was still cold there like I'm surprised it was cold, you know, so tough, but it's cold. Yeah. And I asked them that you know the natives, it's usually this quarter was like no it only started happy, but around this year and last year I think it's getting cold over. Mhm.
But
I
found him
you
don't have to go back. Yeah. You know like even remember this from my results, but you know now I have an actual picture of it.
Oh no it's my first time I just went on a cruise, you know I stayed there for a few days that really you know most mostly avoid the resorts, I try to do as many, you know nature related stuff as possible. But yeah it's definitely interesting, serious. I mean the boat was crueler. They're very bumpy because during hurricane season so it's more you know, kind of the bow tie swaying a bit. But yeah, I mean I don't want to go back at the same time. I heard a lot of the cities have discovered that I have to, you know it's very sad.
Hopefully
when I go back
it's kind of like a hotel, obviously that's pretty much the best way to describe it, but it was more like a mandy, right like you know for kids, you know uh water park slides. But like that if the adults they have you know white casing buffets if you're gambling at that because all the different didn't kind of stuff so yeah, I definitely recommend it, you know if you did want to go to cruise around february market at that time, the cheapest and also for the best weather. But yeah definitely I think their crews running from Los Angeles you probably you know you can there are you know hawaii or something
right? But yeah I definitely still a go at least I think once responsible life. Uh
Uh huh. Exactly right. I mean they get you know free crew, that stuff would win for them. Uh huh.
Of about four like this around the entire nation whatever.
now.
Alright, definitely sounds like you know a nice life, it's kind of like a semi nomad that was so long.
Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, I think that's my Thailand and I said okay, I think that's it.
Nice talking to you as well, thanks so much and enjoy the rest of your day and I'm sure L. A. Honey what to do this?