Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh Jeff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Hi hi
I good how are you
trip? I'm not sure what
we're still talking
and we have a bit of a delay.
I'm in L. A. Where are you?
Oh wow. Quite waste.
which one?
Nice. Which medical school
you feel is great. I have doctors that you see it. Have
you found any?
No
you're going to hit Vegas too.
And
the
yeah it's not that far. You are dr yeah.
Um I'm not working right now. I'm actually disabled connected to an ivy right now. Yeah
so it's funny that I'm talking to aspiring medical student
but I live
here
with
my husband
dog and my cat is over here helping. Yeah,
a bird.
What about
you?
Mhm. Have you always lived in Boca raton?
so that'll be a big change moving away for school.
Are you looking anywhere else?
Yeah it's 3:00 here so we've got another hour or two of light. I hate that it gets dark too early. It drives me crazy.
At least it's warm though. I'm not from California originally so it took me a while to get used to like Christmas when it's 70° out but now I can almost forget that snow exists in other parts of the world. Yeah.
I grew up in Ohio and then I went to new york for college and then came out to L. A. So I've been here
almost
Colombia.
my major was in english.
Yeah I was a small town. Ohio was not really working for me so I wanted something different. New york city is about as different as you can get.
Yeah I haven't been back since I moved away but I miss it. I would like to visit. I love L. A. Too, but not quite the same.
Yeah, L. A. It was very much a sprawl is enormous. And since I can't drive right now it's difficult to get around. So I've got.
I have a little scooter that I can take. I have about
1.5 mile radius from my house that I can get to. But luckily for me, I'm right in the middle of town. So that gets me to like five grocery stores and a million restaurants into movie theaters. So pretty much everything I need. And that mile
and I have,
well, I live in Pasadena. Um, yeah, so
I'm close to the main part of town, so not downtown L. A. Area but still very busy. Well during the day, Pasadena has a lot of people. It's a very old money kind of town, which means the whole city goes to sleep by 9:00.
Yeah, followed by retirements. My dad is actually thinking about retiring in florida, but I think he was talked into Cleveland,
hey, we have
family
here and he decided that it
was more scenery, which I guess I can't fault him for
not as good as retiring to Cleveland.
I mean it's L. A. So it's got everything just what kind of mood or feeling like for me.
Disneyland is a classic that everyone should do as much as possible. You can go to the arts culture way. I mean there's Disney Hall that always has things. There always so many concerts every weekend. It seems like there's a million free concerts. There's tons of shows, there's a lot going on.
That's
great. You
know,
No,
for me, my favorite part is Gonna speech. I used to live
down
while and there's the whole strip of the boardwalk. That's just craziness, which I love because it's all the locals
who
are all a little bit nutty and let their freak flag fly. And then there's all the tourists who are also fun to people watch and there's sort of a slightly contained madness that I love and it's right next to the beach. So well
go
down to venice beach and hang out. Yeah,
that's true.
It's a totally different vibe. I mean, the movies are true. New york tends to be very fast paced. People are very self absorbed, Seems rude to say, but I don't mean it in a bad way. Like just like they
take care of their own
business,
right? Where L. A. Is a lot more laid back is a lot more Hello, image focused. I guess it's also partly a geographical thing like new york, it's so tiny, there's so many people that everyone is constantly on top of each other. Uh And in L. A. That's so much more spread out that it seems to pervade the whole vibe of the town is a little more chill because it takes you an hour to drive anywhere.
I was like five years old, but I haven't been since then.
I
hope
I'll
eat
this
profit all.
What's the difference? Right. Everglades,
it will
be
fun.
How big
is
both,
Is there a medical school there? And that's good we're also looking for.
it's different.
Do you know what kind of uh medical field you want to go into?
pressure.
Where did you go for undergrad?
How was it? I don't know anything about that.
I have thought about Colombia that it's in the city, but it also has its own campus like and what is essentially just kind of like part of the rest of the city, it doesn't really have a central police, whereas Colombia has like sort of that old school campus with the lawns and the imposing statues. It still has that even though you're still in the city.
Which is great for some people, but at least for me, I like having a real campus too,
I loved it. I mean for me I've mostly worked in theater my whole life, so I was heavily involved with student theater and if you're into theater, there's no place better in the world to be them in new york, which I loved, Colombia has a very strong core program, like there are a lot of classes that you have to take um which I actually liked that they're sort of the basic view of what it is to be an educated person. So everybody has to take literature and philosophy and music and world history and world studies and all of those kinds of classes, which I like. It also makes it since literally everyone is going through all of those classes, there's a little more that shared camaraderie which I liked. And then since I was doing real serious classes, it also meant that I got to take some totally random classes that I never would have even thought of before. Like I did it uh class that was through the anthropology department, talking about opera, which was a very interesting connection uh class that was just on the theory of the road like road trips in Americana and spent an entire,
yeah, it was very interesting because it was so tight sort of. The fantasy of the american road trip is so tied to american mythology in a way like America is such a young country we don't have you know 100 many hundreds or thousands of years of history. So a lot of it's sort of new and looking at. Yeah as are kind of mythology was a really interesting approach like american folk figures being sort of related to greek gods and Egyptian architecture and all those sorts of things. But in an american way it was interesting is very interesting.
it was it kind of it was kind of just happenstance. Like I happened to be dating a guy who was from L. A. And it was after it was either my first year, second year for the summer and like I didn't want to go back to Ohio but I didn't really want to stay in new york so I was like why not come out to L. A. For a summer and I said okay. And then I ended up loving it and came back the next summer and then moved here. When I graduated,
my husband owns a business repairing restaurant equipment so he drives all over the city um doing jobs. He's actually had a lot of jobs though. We met when
we were both working at a theater when he was the operations manager. He's had a lot of very strange jobs but he's actually from L. A. And as he says there are not very many true L. A. Natives, a lot of people in L. A. Came from somewhere else which I am one of those people. So having a true born and raised Angelina is still pretty rare.
What kind of restaurant
work?
Yeah. Did you work there too?
That's good. I didn't get to second,
I have one sister who is back in Ohio, so I don't get to see her very often but she's great. Um she actually just got married uh to a Jamaican man which worked out great for us because it meant that we were forced to go to Jamaica for the wedding
work horrible and I mean we've got family there now, so we're going to have to keep visiting Jamaica, you know?
That was interesting because it's such a total uh it's a very different culture. I mean it's really
a first world country, like there's no running water in a lot of places and a lot of the buildings that don't really have walls or roofs and that's just kind of the way it is, it was a bit of a culture shock for us when we first got there.
And
the education is very,
is just
enough
food, lots of plantains, lots of seafood. Um They put rum in everything, which I didn't, I mean I'm not a really a drinker but they gave, I had at their wedding, they had red velvet cake that
was drenched in Rome, which was a new one for me and was actually very tasty. Hey.
Some heavy spice.
I was lucky to travel a lot as a kid. My dad worked overseas a lot, which meant that he accrued a gazillion frequent flyer miles, which meant that we were able to travel a lot of different places, but it was as a kid. So I've actually been thinking as an adult now, like very what I want to go back to like I loved, I loved Greece both. It's a beautiful country. But history is amazing. Especially for a girl who's into theater. It seems like every as an old theater that's been there for thousands of years and that sort of history is fascinating to me and it's gorgeous and I like the food. So I would love to go back
to Greece. What about you
are
great.
Ooh,
you
remember,
where is it all gone?
You remember spanish or is a gun?
yeah. I live in a very latino neighborhood. It's almost entirely latino. Uh I actually like we have the mexican grocery stores around where you get totally different foods sometimes when you get in a regular one. But yes, being bilingual. Mhm. A huge benefit out of here. Where are you thinking about going in?
What countries are you thinking in europe to visit?
Yeah. Not known for its vacations.
Wait, so you know, french and spanish and english, is that right?
Still?
I am deep,
I am deeply impressed
and jealous of anyone who can speak another language. I just think it is the coolest thing ever.
I'm terrible at it. I mean, I didn't start till I was already an adult,
so I'm okay like written language, but I just do not have the ear for it for hearing it and speaking it. Some people have a gift with languages and I do not and I'm
Yeah, you have to actually use it like I did two years of college
and like was okay for a while, but within another couple of years, like I hadn't spoken anything, so it's completely gone. I don't remember any of it.
That would be interesting. Yeah, That's amazing that
you speak languages. Sorry, not to harp on that. I just think it's incredibly cool. Anyone multiple languages? I'm deeply impressed.
The country close together.
Mhm. That was another interesting thing in Jamaica that a lot of the natives speak Patois, which is like kind of english based, but it's such a
Right exactly. So I really had to listen and maybe like one word out of 10 was actually english, but it was hard even to understand, like it's a language that's worth it in english, but it's so different that me as a native english speaker could not understand it most of the time.
the same.
The town I liked, it was Blue fields, which is near Montego Bay. Yeah, it wasn't Jamaica has those enormous resorts, like the sandals and what are those all inclusive that are almost like their own little fortresses, uh where it's nothing but tourists and then the native and then locals doing all of the other jobs where we were was a lot more part of the town. So it was this little tiny in that had like 10 rooms but it was right on the beach and that's where the actual ceremony was to. But it was really nice to be surrounded on all sides by water, but also to still be a part of the town to still be able to walk around and see actual locals instead of just a bunch of other white americans hanging out.
Yeah. I think that's hard enough to do on a vacation when you don't know people there. Like in this case my brother in law was his entire family. So there was that family connection and they opened up what they had, you know, restaurant recommendations and you have to go here. And I think that's a lot harder when you go to a country where you don't know anyone and you're kind of reliant on the internet and tourist guidebooks.
Sometimes I would love to. Probably not this year, maybe next year though.
We would really like to
I
was
very
young. Like I seem to remember pictures of me in the Bahamas, but I have no actual memory of it. I wouldn't mind
going.
Was it your first time recently you've been before?
What's
that group?
Yeah. What was the purpose like? I've never been on one.
Yeah, we've got the port right there. So I see sometimes the big cruise ships will come in.
I have to try. I know I have some theater connections for people who did a tour on c like they would be the piano play fruit Ship where they would be, you know, the tech person for the shows that they do on board. And it was always, and the interesting thing, like, it's like he's had like a weird sort of self contained floating city almost.
It's doing a bus tour
well in theater, like if you're doing a traveling show, like, you know, the touring production of Hamilton or whatever, you're in one city and then you take the bus to the next city
and then you go on and travel all the way as opposed to being able to just stay on the ship and you do your show how many times eight times a week or whatever it is.
Right. Nice for a while. I don't think I could do it too long. Like a few years. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, it was nice to have good luck with med school.
I mean, so. Right.