SPEAKER_L: Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Getting okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: possible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Right. It just happened. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: How are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, good. Sorry. I saw the, I thought they are driving on button and I thought that meant like my audio wasn't on nursing. Wait, we don't know the student. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: The first time I did one of these I said you have like 10 minutes. I was like how do I do this? Like I was a single work. It's so weird. Well hi, I'm Olivia
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I'm Quinn
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you. Um
SPEAKER_R: what it is.
SPEAKER_L: Getting started is always so hard house or what is it monday? Good Congaree.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I'm
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: look, I guess it's hard to tell him a video, but I look a lot fancier than I normally would because I had to give a presentation. Had to give a final presentation for one of my courses today. So
SPEAKER_L: How'd
SPEAKER_R: that was fun.
SPEAKER_L: that go? Did it go well?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're to give like a presentation to a class over zoom because you know, it's like we like pay attention to the room and you know, it's like make and maintain eye contact people. It's like I'm talking to the camera and everyone got their cameras off so I don't know how to answer the reflection question that's like how did your classmates feel? I don't know. Oh
SPEAKER_L: There was pretty much nobody there. Yeah. I graduated from college before the pandemic hit. But my company is not a remote companies. We've all gone remote in the last eight months. And so it's been really the same kind of thing because I could talk to my directors and everything else and I'm just like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: yeah nobody has their cameras on them like.
SPEAKER_R: listen, I get it like people are tired of logging on and like sitting and talking to their boss, you know, like your teachers. But I'm like, just, I still have my camera on, but it's like, I'll throw my computer down in the kitchen. I'll keep my camera out and you can see that. I've turned around and I started making grilled cheese for lunch. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I did the same thing. My husband works remote full time and did before I started working. So it's really fun because now we work in the same vicinity but he'll be the same thing, he'll just be like on a call and just come downstairs and just be like sitting on the couch and I'm just like sitting there doing my work. So it's just, it is what it is, What are you in school for?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying public health.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. That's super irrelevant right now. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: are finally, it's funny. I've always liked infectious diseases in public health and so now that everything is happening, a lot
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: people are like,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: wait, this is a whole thing that we need to worry about. Yes. Okay. Yes. We should do, we should worry about that. Other than just like, have you gotten your flu shot this year? Practice? You know, safe relations with somebody use protection. You know
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: all of those things should be discussed anyway. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: especially the pandemic part of it, I feel like has opened up so many people's eyes like how important it actually is to take care of the people around you. It hasn't helped everyone. Some people are still
SPEAKER_R: Having trouble.
SPEAKER_L: but no, it's
SPEAKER_R: gosh! Going everywhere. And they're like okay here's hand sanitizer. Like make sure you wash your hands and like stay home from here. If you're sick we were doing in the first place. Thank you
SPEAKER_L: I have a bunch of friends that are still, I live in the midwest and here there are a lot of people that just don't believe it's happening, they just don't care. And part of that is because a lot of these people are in rural towns, there's only like 70 people in some of these cities and so they're likely never going to see it. So for them, it doesn't really matter. But then they come into the big cities to get their groceries and they won't wear a mask and they're like my civil liberties and yeah, it's really fun and all my friends are like going out and doing stuff and my husband and I were just sitting here because we got married a week before the pendant kit. So we literally got married, got back from our honeymoon and they have been locked in our house and all our friends are like oh no we're going to come visit you and I'm like don't don't get on a plane just stay at home,
SPEAKER_R: Think
SPEAKER_L: you don't need to come see
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: honest.
SPEAKER_R: go home. We can just, you can just call us
SPEAKER_L: We're like we can face time like I'm over it too, I'm moreover it, I'm just as over it as anybody else like at home.
SPEAKER_R: like we could do like a group saves time kind of thing. We could all watch a movie on the same website. Don't get rain playing for grows to begin with. Like I feel like every time I've gotten on a plane I either end up sick after or there's always there's always someone who's just like coughing up and it's like they're coughing up along and a half or like there's a small child who is very clearly ill
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: and it's just like on the plane like
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah there's always that there's always um somebody on the plane or somebody in the airport like in your vicinity that you can't get away from anyway and it's just like well
SPEAKER_R: well we're cool. And then like, oh that's the little that fold out trays and the seats and everything.
SPEAKER_L: okay well that was, we went to Mexico for our honeymoon, ended up having to cut it short because trump was talking about closing the borders and so me and my husband are like in this airport in Mexico trying to find baby wipes. We can wipe down our seats before we like get on this plane. And it was really funny because my cousins who came to the wedding or from Japan so they flew in from Japan but the virus has kind of already started there so like they were fine but they were like you know we're in a toilet paper shortage of all things we can't find toilet paper. And so they were like they packed toilet paper and went home with toilet paper. And it was funny because it was super foreshadowing like what was going to happen here and I should have just been like oh we should go buy toilet paper before everybody like I have insight and we didn't but I was just like it's crazy that that that same thing happened like across the world just like the paper of all things.
SPEAKER_R: of all thanks, toilet paper like. And it's funny because it's not even like award digestive kind of thing. It's an upper respiratory like you might want some toilet paper to like blow your nose with. But
SPEAKER_L: Well like whenever
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: people are gonna get snowed in or like there are hurricanes happening, you always hear like, oh, you know, we went to the store and got bread and milk and like the stuff we needed. But I've never heard of toilet
SPEAKER_R: point
SPEAKER_L: paper
SPEAKER_R: of view.
SPEAKER_L: and so I was just, I mean I understand that we need it, but like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: can make,
SPEAKER_R: do you know
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: like to
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: papers do these people like how much people, 12 people people use on a daily basis? Oh my god wouldn't say or like over the holidays like how much do you go through everywhere? Was sold out.
SPEAKER_L: And it's still like here, like it's not nearly as bad as it wasn't happened, but like I do grocery pickup now because I'm just like I refuse to go in anywhere and like I can't even order like toilet paper, paper towels and with my groceries because they're still not in stock enough to be available online. So I'm just like, okay, I'll just have to keep going to the store for this one thing, but it's better than having to go in for everything, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I actually ended up working anniversary store over all of this, which was really interesting. And I ended up I started just as like a cashier kind of person. But then um they had an increased demand for grocery pickup and they were like we need someone who can like move around the store and also use a cell phone. And I was like, wait, this is perfect, I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: can,
SPEAKER_R: to talk every single. And I ended up having to answer more dumb questions because I worked at like a health foods kind of grocery store, like whole foods ish. And someone said, can you tell me where I can get the soup? And I'm like, oh yes, have you checked? I owe three where the little card says, and they're like, no, not there, can you walk me there? No, you walked yourself Mooney. And they're like, are you busy work here? My short says staff, I've got two cell phones in my hands, I've got a cart full of luxuries. No. And I also, I also have to work. You also have to wear like a high visibility vest because for when you're walking orders out into the parking lot so you don't get hit by a car and walking around the grocery store in a law. You know, little crossing guard best with a cart full of groceries. And I have and I get to work here, do normal people come to the grocery store, dressing a crossing guard, crossing guards and do that.
SPEAKER_L: my favorite was when I was in college, I worked at Home Depot is my part time job, it was the best 10 out of 10. I loved that job, but the amount of we wear orange aprons, like literally there might not even a vest, like literally there's nobody on clinker that's wearing an orange apron unless you're working in a Home Depot and you're not even supposed to take them home, so unless you're actually working, you're not wearing an orange vest, an orange apron thing, people be like, do you work here? And I'd be like, sorry, no,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I don't. But yeah, that can you
SPEAKER_R: action.
SPEAKER_L: walk me to the product, like, no,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I can tell you exactly where it's at, I can give you like a map, but I'm not leaving.
SPEAKER_R: I can give you step by step directions. Okay, from here, you're going to go two steps forward and then you're gonna walk three aisles down and then on the left you will walk 23 quarters like the work. You know, I just decided to wear my orange, my bright orange little apron to the store today. I was like, you know what, it's like bring your child to work day except for and Halloween combined. I just decided I'm dress up and look like people who work here. I saw
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: someone
SPEAKER_L: super great.
SPEAKER_R: remember I asked someone like a makeup stores like Sephora kind of one time I was like, oh, I'm sorry, do you work here? Because I couldn't I couldn't tell because she was in all black
SPEAKER_L: Black
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: makeup
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: store.
SPEAKER_L: red band.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And she had she happened to also have like a red necklace and was like at the little corner like tables that they have like talking to like, I guess a friend. And I was like, oh, I'm so sorry to interrupt. Do you work here? And she's like, no, I'm not working here, do you have to bother me? You're just exactly like the employee. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hate having like working in retail and we never want to ask for anything. I hate talking to people now because I'm just like, I know how I felt when people were like, hey, can I get your help? But it was one thing like, the thing about Home Depot that was terrible, was like we had departments like I work in paint, so if you needed help with paint, I knew everything about pain. I also worked part time in hardware and appliances, so I could help you with either of those things to what people would company. And I'd be like, you don't look like you're doing anything, can you get flooring cut for me? And I'm like, I don't know how to do that. And even if I did, I have to stay here in case we need help here. So I will call somebody to have them to help you with flooring. But they were always just like, but we need help now. Okay, Karen,
SPEAKER_R: All right, you'll survive, you know, I promise, yep. That's how they're, because we have like the grocery section of the floor, but then there's also 60% of the store is produce essentially. And then um because the whole section of like meats and like deli stuff and there's also a whole big thing of vitamins, so the actual dry goods is very small in comparison. So we have people that are specifically trained in each of those things. So when I'm pushing my cart to looking for our jen wants this exact thing of macaroni, I got to get her four boxes or she's going to give me a hard time when she pulls up to the
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: store
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: and I say more, I'm sorry, you cannot buy four boxes of this kind of macaroni were out and I'm like, I need help. So it was like, someone came to us and was like, he's like, I bought this thing of like liver pills for like for my wife and her doctor said that she can't even use it, can I get a refund? Do you know? And I was like, I don't know. I don't work in the vitamins department, which I can ask someone who does. They're like, but you work here. Yes, yes I do. I'm not going to go into a hospital and ask the person at the front desk. Hi, can you give me brain surgery? That wouldn't move rent? Like people just forget convince people just forget general common thanks. Kind of like things.
SPEAKER_L: yep. It's uh it always makes me feel really bad because the grocery pickup people will call me and they'll be like, hey this is not a stock, what else can we get you? And I don't care. Fund the next closest thing like whatever is the closest object to it, just take it and put in the cart. Because chances are I didn't pick out that specific type of ground pork because I wanted that ground pork. I just searched ground pork and then that's what I ended up with. So I always feel so bad when they call because I know they get all the people that are just like yeah, go make some. So
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: guys.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, different stores different like specific. You know, like maybe your store has like this specific kind of ground pork. Maybe my store has like name brand versus and people be like the brand is wrong. It doesn't matter if I'm
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: getting yeah, if I'm, if I don't want an apple Jack and they had apple cinnamon knows at the store that looked exactly the same and are significantly cheaper. And you guys, Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like this to know?
SPEAKER_L: What's the same
SPEAKER_R: So like
SPEAKER_L: thing with
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: couldn't
SPEAKER_L: over the
SPEAKER_R: find
SPEAKER_L: counter
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: meds?
SPEAKER_R: whole, Yes. That's always really weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Super inconvenient. I hate it. And like because like my dad's like that my dad's like, no, it doesn't work if it's not, if it's not a name brand medicine, it only works if it only works in his name brand medicine over the kind of like the offering stepped in the work and I'm like, I can tell you the back of the box. It's the same thing. He's like,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no. Stop.
SPEAKER_R: can pull up, I can pull up the makeup of this exact drug on my phone. Neither one of us know what most of or any of these words actually need. Yeah, but I can tell you that a so it's just like, you know, anything that he has a VC listed in greeny, wow. Because these things are all made in like the same place. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean like half the time of the exact same thing just with a different packaging. Like
SPEAKER_R: Still
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: to taste
SPEAKER_L: know, people
SPEAKER_R: the same.
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: Well, mhm.
SPEAKER_L: don't know. I'm ready for life to go back to somewhat normal.
SPEAKER_R: I have to tell people like at least try to learn from this.
SPEAKER_L: No joke. I would like, I feel so bad. Like all my friends that are in school and stuff because like, I can't imagine like being in the work industry during this is awful. But being in college during this would have been like even worse. I just can't fathom. Most of my friends are in grab schools. Like they're in like law school in med school and I just like him. Like, I have no idea how you're doing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm a senior and that's enough. And it's weird because like I'm also looking at like grant programs and I'm like, I don't know, like they don't even know what my next semester of classes like. I don't even know what time I'm supposed to go to english next semester at let alone like what I'm gonna do. Yeah. You heard two from now, like, I don't know, six or seven months ago, people didn't know my field existed and suddenly and then who gets what we're everyday and somehow manages to get it wrong is an expert in my field. Or like the man who did not, he might have graduated high school. I don't know. Maybe his wife probably sells some form of essential oils. They're trapped in their little small town and they love it so very much. But he's here to tell, you know, medicine doesn't work. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I went to a really small high school, not really small, but like I graduated with like 200 people, which is small compared to a lot of high schools. And um, so all I wanted was to get out of my hometown and I ended up moving, buying a house really close to my hometown, but it's no big deal. But so I still in front of all these people on facebook and they're all in like multilevel marketing schemes and they're all just like, hey, do you want to buy my, whatever, my, my zia, my nail polish. I'm just, it's literally the person you're describing is the person I grew up with and I still have to see all the time. That's the people and yeah, surrounded with picked on us. So,
SPEAKER_R: You know, I'm in um I'm in philadelphia. And I grew up
SPEAKER_L: yes, you're in the, in the city city.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I grew up in like the suburbs like, you know, like an hour away. And it's so funny because like we are in like suburban usa like, you know like, so what will picket fences would obviously be a thing. And yet there are boys who come to school every day and all of their camo with all of their hunting here dressed up as if we're in the middle of nowhere. And I'm like, yes, we have a cup. You know, we've got some woods here, but you're not in the mountains, there's, there's no need for this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like that here, but I mean there
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: are people, like, I live in a, in a suburban area, but like less than a mile away from me, you can go to like a mile down the street, you'll see people who own 150 acres, so we're like right on the edge of societies like there's where I, because I live in like the Kansas city area, so like everything here is like you're either in the city or you're in the middle of nowhere and there are five minutes apart. So it's really weird because it's just, especially when you're like somewhere from like one of the coasts coming the midwest is such a surreal experience because you're like there's nothing
SPEAKER_R: There's not
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: and then you drive a mile and suddenly you're in the middle of the city and you're just like what?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Yeah, we went to, I went to Utah like two years back and learning while I was there that the nearest target was like 35 miles away. It was like a two hour drive. Was like, I got a target for fun when I'm bored, I could walk there and I get hit by a car trying to do so, but it's feasible for me to walk there. Like to like, what do you mean? Two hours? Mm
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, yep. Uh So I live in a city where like we have a target and we have a home depot and we have all of that. But if you go a couple cities south of me, you'll get like once, once you go south of where I live, you pretty much end up, where were the last city where you can have those things? So those people are driving in to my city to like do their shopping and driving home. Because the only thing they have like once you get 30 miles south of my city, like their grocery store is a dollar general,
SPEAKER_R: quack.
SPEAKER_L: the middle of nowhere, man.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy. Congratulations on getting married.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. It's been interesting. It's good. But it's just i the timing was impeccable. We were supposed to get married March 21st and we decided to move our wedding date and we got married March 7th. So we literally missed it by like a week. So I'm just like yeah, the last event most my friends went to was my wedding, so I'm just like, it's fun.
SPEAKER_R: I was in like, I went to remember like I went to a because like the week before I remember everything got like real crazy was my school's spring break. It was the end of february into the beginning of March. And somehow that spring as if we don't really even have spring that much here anymore. It's like winter, something a little bit less harsh than winter and summer. But I went to a concert and a very small venue. I'd never been there before, but like I was surprised. I was like, this is so close and intimate, this is fun. And then the next day I got up and my dad and I drove to Maryland so that we could go see a museum and the aquarium. And my roommate was in Canada because it was spring break. And so she, you know, she was out there, carol visited and their friends. Yeah. And I have family on the west coast. My cousin was like, what do you think of all this? And I was going to text him like, uh, I don't really know. Kind of interesting. We'll see how it plays out and then like a week later get back, not even like halfway through the school week. And they were like, yeah, I know you guys, I had this one out go, but go home. And then they brought us back to campus for the springs for the fall semester. Again, even though no one has had things handled on the upper levels of our and then we're like, oh no, wait. There are cases, people are getting sick. How could you guys be so irresponsible college students putting everyone at risk? Okay. I didn't get paid to make this decision. I'm paying you for my safety, but somehow I'm the one who's in. Suddenly I'm the bad guy. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: All right, well we hit our 2025 minutes and I have a meeting at three thirties which is 3 27 here. So I have to go. But it was really nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: It's gonna make you do,
SPEAKER_L: Good luck with the rest of your senior year