Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Getting okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Hello?
How are you? Yeah.
The first time I did one of these I said you have like 10 minutes. I was like how do I do this? Like I was a single work. It's so weird. Well hi, I'm Olivia
so
nice to meet you. Um
Getting started is always so hard house or what is it monday? Good Congaree.
No.
How'd
that go? Did it go well?
There was pretty much nobody there. Yeah. I graduated from college before the pandemic hit. But my company is not a remote companies. We've all gone remote in the last eight months. And so it's been really the same kind of thing because I could talk to my directors and everything else and I'm just like
yeah nobody has their cameras on them like.
yeah, I did the same thing. My husband works remote full time and did before I started working. So it's really fun because now we work in the same vicinity but he'll be the same thing, he'll just be like on a call and just come downstairs and just be like sitting on the couch and I'm just like sitting there doing my work. So it's just, it is what it is, What are you in school for?
Very cool. That's super irrelevant right now. Uh huh.
it's
like
on.
Which
I mean
all of those things should be discussed anyway. But yeah,
especially the pandemic part of it, I feel like has opened up so many people's eyes like how important it actually is to take care of the people around you. It hasn't helped everyone. Some people are still
but no, it's
I have a bunch of friends that are still, I live in the midwest and here there are a lot of people that just don't believe it's happening, they just don't care. And part of that is because a lot of these people are in rural towns, there's only like 70 people in some of these cities and so they're likely never going to see it. So for them, it doesn't really matter. But then they come into the big cities to get their groceries and they won't wear a mask and they're like my civil liberties and yeah, it's really fun and all my friends are like going out and doing stuff and my husband and I were just sitting here because we got married a week before the pendant kit. So we literally got married, got back from our honeymoon and they have been locked in our house and all our friends are like oh no we're going to come visit you and I'm like don't don't get on a plane just stay at home,
you don't need to come see
honest.
We're like we can face time like I'm over it too, I'm moreover it, I'm just as over it as anybody else like at home.
So
yeah. Yeah there's always that there's always um somebody on the plane or somebody in the airport like in your vicinity that you can't get away from anyway and it's just like well
okay well that was, we went to Mexico for our honeymoon, ended up having to cut it short because trump was talking about closing the borders and so me and my husband are like in this airport in Mexico trying to find baby wipes. We can wipe down our seats before we like get on this plane. And it was really funny because my cousins who came to the wedding or from Japan so they flew in from Japan but the virus has kind of already started there so like they were fine but they were like you know we're in a toilet paper shortage of all things we can't find toilet paper. And so they were like they packed toilet paper and went home with toilet paper. And it was funny because it was super foreshadowing like what was going to happen here and I should have just been like oh we should go buy toilet paper before everybody like I have insight and we didn't but I was just like it's crazy that that that same thing happened like across the world just like the paper of all things.
Well like whenever
people are gonna get snowed in or like there are hurricanes happening, you always hear like, oh, you know, we went to the store and got bread and milk and like the stuff we needed. But I've never heard of toilet
paper
and so I was just, I mean I understand that we need it, but like
we
can make,
we
like to
do
And it's still like here, like it's not nearly as bad as it wasn't happened, but like I do grocery pickup now because I'm just like I refuse to go in anywhere and like I can't even order like toilet paper, paper towels and with my groceries because they're still not in stock enough to be available online. So I'm just like, okay, I'll just have to keep going to the store for this one thing, but it's better than having to go in for everything, I guess.
I
can,
my favorite was when I was in college, I worked at Home Depot is my part time job, it was the best 10 out of 10. I loved that job, but the amount of we wear orange aprons, like literally there might not even a vest, like literally there's nobody on clinker that's wearing an orange apron unless you're working in a Home Depot and you're not even supposed to take them home, so unless you're actually working, you're not wearing an orange vest, an orange apron thing, people be like, do you work here? And I'd be like, sorry, no,
I don't. But yeah, that can you
walk me to the product, like, no,
I can tell you exactly where it's at, I can give you like a map, but I'm not leaving.
was
super great.
Black
and
that
little
red band.
Yeah. I hate having like working in retail and we never want to ask for anything. I hate talking to people now because I'm just like, I know how I felt when people were like, hey, can I get your help? But it was one thing like, the thing about Home Depot that was terrible, was like we had departments like I work in paint, so if you needed help with paint, I knew everything about pain. I also worked part time in hardware and appliances, so I could help you with either of those things to what people would company. And I'd be like, you don't look like you're doing anything, can you get flooring cut for me? And I'm like, I don't know how to do that. And even if I did, I have to stay here in case we need help here. So I will call somebody to have them to help you with flooring. But they were always just like, but we need help now. Okay, Karen,
come
on.
yep. It's uh it always makes me feel really bad because the grocery pickup people will call me and they'll be like, hey this is not a stock, what else can we get you? And I don't care. Fund the next closest thing like whatever is the closest object to it, just take it and put in the cart. Because chances are I didn't pick out that specific type of ground pork because I wanted that ground pork. I just searched ground pork and then that's what I ended up with. So I always feel so bad when they call because I know they get all the people that are just like yeah, go make some. So
I'm
guys.
No.
What's the same
thing with
like
over the
counter
meds?
Yeah. Super inconvenient. I hate it. And like because like my dad's like that my dad's like, no, it doesn't work if it's not, if it's not a name brand medicine, it only works if it only works in his name brand medicine over the kind of like the offering stepped in the work and I'm like, I can tell you the back of the box. It's the same thing. He's like,
no. Stop.
Yeah. I mean like half the time of the exact same thing just with a different packaging. Like
I
don't
know, people
ridiculous. Yeah. I
don't know. I'm ready for life to go back to somewhat normal.
No joke. I would like, I feel so bad. Like all my friends that are in school and stuff because like, I can't imagine like being in the work industry during this is awful. But being in college during this would have been like even worse. I just can't fathom. Most of my friends are in grab schools. Like they're in like law school in med school and I just like him. Like, I have no idea how you're doing it. Yeah.
I went to a really small high school, not really small, but like I graduated with like 200 people, which is small compared to a lot of high schools. And um, so all I wanted was to get out of my hometown and I ended up moving, buying a house really close to my hometown, but it's no big deal. But so I still in front of all these people on facebook and they're all in like multilevel marketing schemes and they're all just like, hey, do you want to buy my, whatever, my, my zia, my nail polish. I'm just, it's literally the person you're describing is the person I grew up with and I still have to see all the time. That's the people and yeah, surrounded with picked on us. So,
yes, you're in the, in the city city.
Yeah, it's like that here, but I mean there
are people, like, I live in a, in a suburban area, but like less than a mile away from me, you can go to like a mile down the street, you'll see people who own 150 acres, so we're like right on the edge of societies like there's where I, because I live in like the Kansas city area, so like everything here is like you're either in the city or you're in the middle of nowhere and there are five minutes apart. So it's really weird because it's just, especially when you're like somewhere from like one of the coasts coming the midwest is such a surreal experience because you're like there's nothing
here
and then you drive a mile and suddenly you're in the middle of the city and you're just like what?
Mhm, yep. Uh So I live in a city where like we have a target and we have a home depot and we have all of that. But if you go a couple cities south of me, you'll get like once, once you go south of where I live, you pretty much end up, where were the last city where you can have those things? So those people are driving in to my city to like do their shopping and driving home. Because the only thing they have like once you get 30 miles south of my city, like their grocery store is a dollar general,
the middle of nowhere, man.
Thanks. It's been interesting. It's good. But it's just i the timing was impeccable. We were supposed to get married March 21st and we decided to move our wedding date and we got married March 7th. So we literally missed it by like a week. So I'm just like yeah, the last event most my friends went to was my wedding, so I'm just like, it's fun.
All right, well we hit our 2025 minutes and I have a meeting at three thirties which is 3 27 here. So I have to go. But it was really nice to meet you.
Good luck with the rest of your senior year