possible. Yeah.
Right. It just happened. Mhm.
Oh, good. Sorry. I saw the, I thought they are driving on button and I thought that meant like my audio wasn't on nursing. Wait, we don't know the student. Okay.
Hi,
I'm Quinn
what it is.
Yeah. Um I'm
look, I guess it's hard to tell him a video, but I look a lot fancier than I normally would because I had to give a presentation. Had to give a final presentation for one of my courses today. So
that was fun.
Yeah. We're to give like a presentation to a class over zoom because you know, it's like we like pay attention to the room and you know, it's like make and maintain eye contact people. It's like I'm talking to the camera and everyone got their cameras off so I don't know how to answer the reflection question that's like how did your classmates feel? I don't know. Oh
Well
listen, I get it like people are tired of logging on and like sitting and talking to their boss, you know, like your teachers. But I'm like, just, I still have my camera on, but it's like, I'll throw my computer down in the kitchen. I'll keep my camera out and you can see that. I've turned around and I started making grilled cheese for lunch. Yeah.
I'm studying public health.
are finally, it's funny. I've always liked infectious diseases in public health and so now that everything is happening, a lot
of
people are like,
wait, this is a whole thing that we need to worry about. Yes. Okay. Yes. We should do, we should worry about that. Other than just like, have you gotten your flu shot this year? Practice? You know, safe relations with somebody use protection. You know
what
I like
What?
Having trouble.
gosh! Going everywhere. And they're like okay here's hand sanitizer. Like make sure you wash your hands and like stay home from here. If you're sick we were doing in the first place. Thank you
Think
just
go home. We can just, you can just call us
like we could do like a group saves time kind of thing. We could all watch a movie on the same website. Don't get rain playing for grows to begin with. Like I feel like every time I've gotten on a plane I either end up sick after or there's always there's always someone who's just like coughing up and it's like they're coughing up along and a half or like there's a small child who is very clearly ill
and it's just like on the plane like
well we're cool. And then like, oh that's the little that fold out trays and the seats and everything.
of all thanks, toilet paper like. And it's funny because it's not even like award digestive kind of thing. It's an upper respiratory like you might want some toilet paper to like blow your nose with. But
and
point
of view.
So
like,
do you know
how
much
papers do these people like how much people, 12 people people use on a daily basis? Oh my god wouldn't say or like over the holidays like how much do you go through everywhere? Was sold out.
Yeah. I actually ended up working anniversary store over all of this, which was really interesting. And I ended up I started just as like a cashier kind of person. But then um they had an increased demand for grocery pickup and they were like we need someone who can like move around the store and also use a cell phone. And I was like, wait, this is perfect, I don't
have
to talk every single. And I ended up having to answer more dumb questions because I worked at like a health foods kind of grocery store, like whole foods ish. And someone said, can you tell me where I can get the soup? And I'm like, oh yes, have you checked? I owe three where the little card says, and they're like, no, not there, can you walk me there? No, you walked yourself Mooney. And they're like, are you busy work here? My short says staff, I've got two cell phones in my hands, I've got a cart full of luxuries. No. And I also, I also have to work. You also have to wear like a high visibility vest because for when you're walking orders out into the parking lot so you don't get hit by a car and walking around the grocery store in a law. You know, little crossing guard best with a cart full of groceries. And I have and I get to work here, do normal people come to the grocery store, dressing a crossing guard, crossing guards and do that.
No
action.
No,
I can give you step by step directions. Okay, from here, you're going to go two steps forward and then you're gonna walk three aisles down and then on the left you will walk 23 quarters like the work. You know, I just decided to wear my orange, my bright orange little apron to the store today. I was like, you know what, it's like bring your child to work day except for and Halloween combined. I just decided I'm dress up and look like people who work here. I saw
someone
remember I asked someone like a makeup stores like Sephora kind of one time I was like, oh, I'm sorry, do you work here? Because I couldn't I couldn't tell because she was in all black
in
the
makeup
store.
Yeah. And she had she happened to also have like a red necklace and was like at the little corner like tables that they have like talking to like, I guess a friend. And I was like, oh, I'm so sorry to interrupt. Do you work here? And she's like, no, I'm not working here, do you have to bother me? You're just exactly like the employee. But
All right, you'll survive, you know, I promise, yep. That's how they're, because we have like the grocery section of the floor, but then there's also 60% of the store is produce essentially. And then um because the whole section of like meats and like deli stuff and there's also a whole big thing of vitamins, so the actual dry goods is very small in comparison. So we have people that are specifically trained in each of those things. So when I'm pushing my cart to looking for our jen wants this exact thing of macaroni, I got to get her four boxes or she's going to give me a hard time when she pulls up to the
store
and I say more, I'm sorry, you cannot buy four boxes of this kind of macaroni were out and I'm like, I need help. So it was like, someone came to us and was like, he's like, I bought this thing of like liver pills for like for my wife and her doctor said that she can't even use it, can I get a refund? Do you know? And I was like, I don't know. I don't work in the vitamins department, which I can ask someone who does. They're like, but you work here. Yes, yes I do. I'm not going to go into a hospital and ask the person at the front desk. Hi, can you give me brain surgery? That wouldn't move rent? Like people just forget convince people just forget general common thanks. Kind of like things.
my
gosh.
Yeah, different stores different like specific. You know, like maybe your store has like this specific kind of ground pork. Maybe my store has like name brand versus and people be like the brand is wrong. It doesn't matter if I'm
getting yeah, if I'm, if I don't want an apple Jack and they had apple cinnamon knows at the store that looked exactly the same and are significantly cheaper. And you guys, Oh, I'm sorry. Would you like this to know?
So like
I
couldn't
find
my
whole, Yes. That's always really weird.
I
can pull up, I can pull up the makeup of this exact drug on my phone. Neither one of us know what most of or any of these words actually need. Yeah, but I can tell you that a so it's just like, you know, anything that he has a VC listed in greeny, wow. Because these things are all made in like the same place. Mhm.
Still
going
to taste
the same.
Well, mhm.
I have to tell people like at least try to learn from this.
No, I'm a senior and that's enough. And it's weird because like I'm also looking at like grant programs and I'm like, I don't know, like they don't even know what my next semester of classes like. I don't even know what time I'm supposed to go to english next semester at let alone like what I'm gonna do. Yeah. You heard two from now, like, I don't know, six or seven months ago, people didn't know my field existed and suddenly and then who gets what we're everyday and somehow manages to get it wrong is an expert in my field. Or like the man who did not, he might have graduated high school. I don't know. Maybe his wife probably sells some form of essential oils. They're trapped in their little small town and they love it so very much. But he's here to tell, you know, medicine doesn't work. All right.
You know, I'm in um I'm in philadelphia. And I grew up
Yeah. I grew up in like the suburbs like, you know, like an hour away. And it's so funny because like we are in like suburban usa like, you know like, so what will picket fences would obviously be a thing. And yet there are boys who come to school every day and all of their camo with all of their hunting here dressed up as if we're in the middle of nowhere. And I'm like, yes, we have a cup. You know, we've got some woods here, but you're not in the mountains, there's, there's no need for this.
Whoa.
There's not
more.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, we went to, I went to Utah like two years back and learning while I was there that the nearest target was like 35 miles away. It was like a two hour drive. Was like, I got a target for fun when I'm bored, I could walk there and I get hit by a car trying to do so, but it's feasible for me to walk there. Like to like, what do you mean? Two hours? Mm
quack.
That's crazy. Congratulations on getting married.
I was in like, I went to remember like I went to a because like the week before I remember everything got like real crazy was my school's spring break. It was the end of february into the beginning of March. And somehow that spring as if we don't really even have spring that much here anymore. It's like winter, something a little bit less harsh than winter and summer. But I went to a concert and a very small venue. I'd never been there before, but like I was surprised. I was like, this is so close and intimate, this is fun. And then the next day I got up and my dad and I drove to Maryland so that we could go see a museum and the aquarium. And my roommate was in Canada because it was spring break. And so she, you know, she was out there, carol visited and their friends. Yeah. And I have family on the west coast. My cousin was like, what do you think of all this? And I was going to text him like, uh, I don't really know. Kind of interesting. We'll see how it plays out and then like a week later get back, not even like halfway through the school week. And they were like, yeah, I know you guys, I had this one out go, but go home. And then they brought us back to campus for the springs for the fall semester. Again, even though no one has had things handled on the upper levels of our and then we're like, oh no, wait. There are cases, people are getting sick. How could you guys be so irresponsible college students putting everyone at risk? Okay. I didn't get paid to make this decision. I'm paying you for my safety, but somehow I'm the one who's in. Suddenly I'm the bad guy. Okay,
It's gonna make you do,