Hi,
Right. I am.
I'm Milan.
Good. How are you?
Brett Brett hybrid. I'm Milan.
to meet you too. Mhm.
So,
um, I'm currently in Los Angeles.
Mhm Oh, wow. How's that?
Well,
no.
Yeah. Gosh, I'm originally from Chicago so and the
system pretty, pretty harsh winters. Yeah.
Yeah. I've definitely come to dislike him though.
that's the thing. Same thing in Chicago. It's winter for like eight months. Not just
sucks, But here winter is like 70° or 60°..
Let's
no.
Or for people born and raised here, 60° is freezing for them. They bring out pretty heavy coats. It's funny.
Well,
the,
you.
Um Well, I just live with my mom right now. I'm still a student, so yeah, just uh, just chilling in L. A. Mhm. What do you do in an Alaska?
Who?
Well, that's pretty fun. Are you like uh like the captain or
powerful?
Mhm. Oh, that's, that's pretty cool.
Oh yeah. Do you guys um where do you, where do you guys go for the ships?
No.
Months.
That sounds like uh kind of peaceful job.
No.
come
on.
I
yeah. I can't imagine. I don't understand the whole um like the push back the aggression or not
wearing it.
Yeah. And like if it's a private entity requiring it, then just do it.
I can't imagine that living like that.
Mhm. Get a few crazies out here. Who? Uh yeah, at the grocery stores especially. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm
Area.
And then they spend like 20 minutes arguing and fighting.
Mhm.
Right. Um undergraduate, I did Information systems and just about to start grad school in a couple of months, so then I'll be studying computer science there.
awesome, that's that's what I want to get into.
Girls,
that
sounds
incredibly,
that's naive scott.
Well that's encouraging. Mm hmm.
no,
definitely. Gosh. Oh,
how'd you, how long have you been on, prolific?
Oh, wow. Yeah, I've probably been been on it for two months. Well, it's pretty nice so far.
yeah, but if it comes up then I'm happy to happy to do it And this specific one is so nice.
this is my 4th or 5th 1, I think it might be my first one and luckily everyone showed up so. Mhm,
wow. Yeah, I've talked to a lot of people and for everyone that I've spoken with, most of their people haven't shown up and that's just crazy. I've just
been lucky
Uh huh. Do you normally get matched up with people um on like the west west coast?
drinking.
Uh no all of them have been East Coast actually.
Yeah, weirdly enough.
Yeah I'm curious about what they're trying to figure out with us. Yeah.
I can't tell if they're trying to make their own like uh chatting, video service, Skype
type
of thing or if they're trying to do something with artificial intelligence and how people communicate.
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if he'll tell us. Probably not. Well
I
don't think so.
Uh Mhm. And then you don't get to see any any other any other results or I don't even know what they're
I have no idea what they're saying at the end, I'm curious. Yeah.
Yeah there's so many so many different things going on here. No. Do you do you have any pets?
yeah, I can imagine, forgot Just one dog here.
She is nice girl toy poodle. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I hated uh not having any pets around and just living alone uh definitely was doing undergrad, it was just like darn I just missed here in the clause, wow the steps.
begging for your food.
huh.
that's too good. I had had a bigger dog who would um get into two stuff on the counter and that was just ah she was way too smart, got down my whole pizzas and everything. Uh huh.
god.
They know.
Well,
but.
yeah, they definitely know.
I don't know. Do
no.
I guess it must be
if she could get into more stuff, she absolutely would, but thanks for letting her teeth are just so small and it's too weak for it. Oh
um well my mom moved here about five years ago and um I went to school back in Illinois actually, so I haven't actually lived here for too long, I just came back for summers, so. Yeah.
So I, my grad school will be at Georgia Tech, but it'll all be online, so be anywhere. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's what I decided I wasn't originally going to go for it, but gosh, I mean so much time, this is the perfect amount of free time. Me. Oh
for, so I know there are there are masters programs if you're specifically looking for a degree where you don't have to have like a computer science or related undergrad but you just have to show like that you would be able to do the work and learn. Um I believe Georgia tech and like Wisconsin Madison have that option,
so I've heard good things about that and it's like pretty cheap as well. Um Yeah.
Quick
what?
that's uh that's like my boyfriend right now, he kind of inspired me, he has his masters in computer science or computer engineering already but he's been working remote and they just decided yeah we'll just extend this remote work thing for a while, I think we'll just do it for a couple of years.
Yeah, so now he's just a
remote,
yeah that's what I want, wow.
Yeah why not? Mhm.
Yeah I feel like a computer science would probably be um not like easy but one of the easier career changes since it's just based on your ability to you know, do the do the actual task or how well you can code something
as of course. Yeah.
once everything clicks it it all clicks, it's more like learning general concepts and then you just pick one language to learn, like python's usually what I've heard is the easiest for people and you pick something and then you kind of just learn the general computing concepts and then you learn the syntax of the language and then you try to do make a calculator or horoscope predictor or whatever and then keep working from there and it just gets more and more easy as you go along and there's you can just find anything that you need to do or resources, they're all online so.
Mhm. I know. Um I believe they take a 1.5 to 3 years depending on it, feel like working full time or write a part time or whatever. Right,
thank
you everyone.
that's really awesome.
Yeah, definitely could use that time,
learn some python. Oh.
What,
sorry, you just froze,
yeah. Um I wasn't really too sure and undergrad, but I figured out that I just like databases a lot, I like machine learning and um patterns, identifying patterns and using data to be able to like predict um certain things or be able to optimize certain parts of a of a company or project or whatever and
yeah, so it's just like, hey this seems like a good path, so okay, I did start out in business, I'm still pretty interested in the business side of things.
Yeah,
it could be a, could be a fun little side thing, learning how to program.
absolutely. I'm actually heading to Hawaii with My boyfriend in four days and yep it's going to be working out there remotely. They'll have
collapsed.
What was that?
Honolulu Waikiki Waikiki Waikiki? Yeah. That whole that whole area
got to get
I've heard that uh tried to get a place on the North Shore but it was just too short notice. Try to find a place to short notice without, you know, Finding a place that charges like 3000 and night.
So Yeah, but
but uh my my boyfriend's family's like military. So um we're actually going to go stay in Pearl Harbor at first because the big commissaries over there. But I mean apparently prices there are even worse. They're just ridiculous. Like It might be because of the pandemic, but like 4000 a night.
I have no idea.
Yes. Yeah, me too. Like I don't know if it's just like rappers or celebrities, you have to stay there. What?
that's, I can see why that would be a nice little break.
My boyfriend's in Virginia right now and it's kind of cold and went over there. So he's looking forward to coming out to Hawaii. But I laugh at him because he'll have to go back and then I'll just go back to Los Angeles. Yeah. Well
Oh it's uh Just last, late, just last week, it was still 100° out here.
It's awful.
I hate it. But one thing I will say is that I'll take like 100 degrees of dry heat over 80° of Chicago humidity any day, Chicago makes you feel like you're sweating
non stop.
Pretty much when I was a kid, I used to get actually blown over by the wind and rain and windy rain. Mhm,
mhm. I uh do actually want to go to Alaska at some point? Is there a place that you would recommend for, like sites? So I'm really interested in seeing more like the nature of Alaska?
What?
Uh huh.
crowd.
Good.
goodness.
Well,
yeah, I don't know why, I always think it think of it as a smaller area.
God.
I love that,
No,
Mhm.
Are one,
that's awesome. Yeah.
yeah, I bet jeans, I can't imagine. You just can't can't see uh the same things outside of Alaska. Mhm. All right. I think I think we got
our time
up
great chatting with you too. Have a
good day.
Thank you. Have fun. Uh Sailing on
You're
not sailing.