Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Exactly. Come and try yeah mm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. If Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
Hey
No
you're uh there you are. Yeah
I'm doing well. I couldn't hear you for a second. I'm a computer on mute on
Milan Nice to be here. Okay.
So
where are you at?
Oh nice. I'm in Alaska
cold.
There's uh brought to my neighbor's roof right now and it just snowed for the first time like two days ago.
I'm not sure I'm ready for winter just yet.
Dr
yeah, it's not really there
it's getting I don't mind the winter so much. It's just it's I mean it's winter now and it's going to be winter until like april mhm
Crazy.
See that I think there could be some variety but you
know
this is a happy medium somewhere.
We lived in Hawaii for a couple of years when I was a kid, my
dad was in the military and that was the same thing. You know like it if it drops below 70 and all, everybody's like freaking out like hoodies and jackets
and it's like, well, you know, this is a little extreme, that's all I used to. So
what do you do in Los Angeles?
Um I work for the state ferry system, I
run ships for, you know the state.
I well I'm actually the first officer technically.
Um and then I'm like kind of at the cusp of like the next time I go to work, I'll be a captain of a ship that I'm not usually working on. Just kind of like this weird, I have a permanent first officer, but I'm just waiting for a permanent captains job to come up at this point.
It's not bad. I like it being, I'm gone a lot, which is kind of a bummer, but you know, what are you gonna do?
Um it's all over the state. We run the ships go all the way from Bellingham Washington up throughout
Alaska. So the next time I go to work I'm going to go down to ketchikan, which is kind of the southernmost town in the southeast Panhandle. And so I go down and meet the ship down there and that shit just runs in Southeast Alaska. The
ship I usually work on, we leave from homer, which is just south of Anchorage where I live and we go all the way out to Dutch harbor at the illusion chain. So just yeah, different different places.
I
mean beautiful, beautiful. There's a lot of like awesome things about it. Um You know you're running a ship and there's 30 crew and then you know, a whole raft of passengers. It was the last time I was at work and it was just like putting a bunch of people on a ship during a pandemic is not, you know,
that's
like it's everybody's on edge and everybody is upset about something. Um We ended up kicking a couple of people off the ship just because they were being jerks and like probably you're not going to wear your mask, like you know, I'm sorry, but it was bullshit. It's like, well a bunch of other people on this ship that don't think it's bullshit and we're not gonna let you, you know, be a jerk to everybody. So it's been
stressful recently, which sucks bread, whatever you know is what it is.
It
I mean it's not fun. I don't think anybody really why is it? But it's also not that hard, you know?
I mean that's, you know, some people just want to like my way no matter what, you know, everybody here is you know for my benefit and I'm just what I want no matter what
it's gonna be exhausting. But I don't know. It's yeah
I mean like I feel like, I mean like the ship, I kind of understand me like some people are on the ship for a couple of days, you know if you go all the way out. However that's a 3.5 day trip. Um And even just to kodiak
you know 9.5 hours underway like that's kind of a long time. Um But like the grocery store, like you can be in and out and that's if you like it. Uh huh.
I don't understand. Whatever. Yeah.
Whatever People are weird. So what are you studying?
awesome. I have, one of my cousins went into sort of like he does forensic computer something or rather
yeah he he started, my dad's side of the family is originally from boston and he went to a community college just outside of boston and just started into just like computers like this is the thing and you know and just kind of kept going with it now. I mean his company flies them all over the world was in Israel not
that long ago and like making tons of money, you know
him and his
life
not lived in new york, which they just actually moved out to Long Island but they had a big house on Long Island. It's like holy shit you know?
I'm doing great okay.
that is something I know if I like everybody tells you this stuff we're in school, you know, it's like, oh like if I was going to go back and do it all. I mean I like what I do now, but you know, I'm gonna get replaced by a computer at some point. Um You know computers are already doing the most difficult parts of my job at some point. They're just going to do away with people and
so yeah, it seems like a good spot to a good thing to get into.
Yeah.
Uh Not long. It's just something so I have a lot of downtime it turns out when I'm at work and it's just like well I can sit here and like watch videos or like actually do something and you know, need somewhat productive. I don't know, like six weeks maybe not long.
It's I don't take it terribly seriously as you know thing. So
Yeah you just like chat with somebody for you know 20 minutes. How many of these have you done?
This is my third actual conversation and then I've had to that didn't show up.
I had 11
the first one was a no show and then I had two conversations in a row and then I had a no show yesterday and then now here we are.
I talked to the first conversation was a lady in philadelphia. And then um yeah two days ago was somebody else on the west coast. Also have you
like have your all your has been west coast.
Well
what if it's just like a timing thing?
I've had that same thought.
Thank
you Colonel.
That could be. Yeah. I have no idea.
Have you read any of the fine print that comes with all this? Is there anything that they say email this person or whatever? For more information? I don't remember
seeing
like.
No.
it's weird because I asked all the questions about like how you feel you know before and like during and after. What do you remember what you talked about? I mean there could be some sort of like weird psychology aspect to it. I don't know.
Not at the moment. I had a dog for a long time. She died a couple years ago. Um And I would love to get another dog but it's very hard with my schedule.
No. Yeah
I miss having a dog in the house. There's like it's so quiet you know without you know I'm the only one here.
Klaus barking at the ups guy. Yeah.
Oh yeah I added my dog she was a mutt of some sort. Ridgeback boxer was kind of the leading areas to her origins and she was like She was £80 but she was like really tall and so she could put her chin on the dining room table without without really having to crane her neck too much. So we had to like do away with like a
freight train her and like that was her spot. And so like people were eating, it's like go in your great because the can't have your chin on the table while we're eating. That's ridiculous.
My dog never got into a pizza. She did eat like 2/3 of a pan of brownies. Um
She people say there's like, oh they don't know if they're misbehaving. I was like that's bogus, came
downstairs and around the corner and like she's coming out of the kitchen, it's like head down, ears, back, tail down. I was like, what did you do look around and didn't see anything. And then like hours later I go to cook dinner and the two chicken breasts I put on a plate on the counter are
like, the plate is still exactly where I left it, but the chicken is gone and he's licked clean. I was just like, oh, that's what that was
about. Like nothing was out of place and I just didn't like, took a quick look around and noticing, dammit.
Oh, for sure. Um
she still, would you like to steal the butter dish to start putting that up in the covered and it's like a glass butter dish, like the glass bottom and the little glass cover. And I would find the whole thing upstairs in my bedroom, like you get both halves of it and take it upstairs and like like completely clean like like that was like forget and leave the butter dish on the counter. And like I was like you know Twice
or three times a year it's like really that good? Right?
I don't know.
So how long how long have you been in L. A.
you going to grad school in L. A. Are you going somewhere else?
What's kind of cool. Kind of like I wonder how long that's gonna last. You get a master's degree in something online
if somebody wanted to get into like a computer. Some sort of like education program like what without maybe necessarily getting a whole other degrees there. Like there's got to be an online program somewhere.
I won't.
like it's
a feeling like the
working from anywhere thing is really appealing to me like my job unless I'm on a ship and then you've got all these people that are like I'm working remotely and doing right? No, that's kind of awesome.
That's awesome.
What
I mean? That's incredible. I that's incredible.
Just like the end of this like mid life career change.
Open.
addressing.
I mean very little experience. I mean we did like some html stuff, you know, years ago when I was in school it was like really basic, you know, like build a really basic website and I haven't any idea, but I'm sure it's not that hard. You just gotta do it. You know like learn the things. Uh huh.
Hi, interesting. Look into that. I mean I wonder how long that would take. Um like an online computer science cigarette or program of some sort.
Yeah. I'd be interesting look into, I mean, so I do like
my work
two weeks on the ship and I have two weeks off usually my schedule. So.
Yeah I mean I could do some stuff like that work. But you know I've got two weeks at a time where I'm just um
Try
what like how did you
get like what made you decide to go into computer science?
Oh what made you decide to go into computer science?
dressing
And that's probably not always helps. Huh?
Yeah.
Well yeah I mean I just like the idea that you could go anywhere and work. You know it's like I don't have to not stuck in one place,
We're
going white.
Well where are you going in Hawaii?
That's
like the north shore of Oahu is my favorite. It's you know more laid back and not so many people.
Suspending
You know that's that.
Whoa! That's crazy. Who has $4,000 a night to spend in a place
in the wrong industry? Like find some properties in Hawaii. Holy shit.
That's crazy. Uh huh. Yeah. I've been in Alaska Airlines flies nonstop from Anchorage. You can fly to Honolulu. It's a five hour flight straight south basically. Um So it's like come february and it's like real dark and still really cold. Just like I think trying to get out of here and like everybody goes to Hawaii.
Yeah. It's awesome. It's warm weather. Sunshine. Yeah.
I was just, I was in Baltimore I guess it's been about a month ago now, but I was still like super warm and sunny. Yeah. It's weird because you know, everything shut down, but better now. I mean like the weather was nice.
Whole,
I can't do that. That's too hot.
I've
only have never been to Chicago in the summer. I've only ever been in the winter, oddly enough. It's not maybe the best time to go to the winning three. Um Yeah, I was just like snowing and raining sideways in like january. Like this is terrible. Like awful.
it's terrible. Source. They are. Yeah. Mm Okay.
Um anywhere that's not in the city, you know, and if you fly, people typically fly to Anchorage
and then, you know, a lot of people come up on cruise ships, which, you know, I mean, I don't know how you feel about large groups of people in small spaces. Probably not. Like there's no, there are no cruise ships last year zero. Um because
of the pandemic and so like all the cruise ships come out of Canada and the Canadians weren't letting anybody say. Also there were there was no cruise ship season the last last year or this past summer. Getting out on the water is a really great way to see stuff. I'm kind of like, I don't know about the cruise ships but mm that I mean like if you go to Bellingham and take the ferry up through Alaska, like that's a good way to see Alaska. You know, it's not fancy but you like said I like the wildlife is all the same and just sit out on the deck and watch the world go by. Um I mean people fly to Anchorage and rental car and drive around. Like not only national park because I don't know it's four hour
drive from here But I mean it's all beautiful. I mean we'll drive from my house in Anchorage
just to get to the Canadian border is like 800 miles like
you're at the Canadian border in the middle of nowhere. Like it's
huge. Alaska is huge. People don't realize how big it is.
It's not it's enormous. Air Banks is the next biggest city in Alaska. That's a seven hour drive from here. Yeah
I mean yeah it's not, there's just the drive from here to Fairbanks is beautiful. You go right by Denali National Park and there's like hiking like all sorts of wildlife viewing. That's really great to see.
The Kenai Peninsula is south of here. That's you know you can go down to Stewart and take like a little day tour boat and they go out to the night fjords just like glaciers and wildlife and you know is
Alaska is still pretty untouched. Um
It's hard,
it's hard to go somewhere and not you know, as long as you get away from people a little bit like there will be wildlife.
highly recommended. I don't like a lot of people that live here kind of have a love hate thing going with it. But uh like I've never met anybody that's come here on vacation and didn't absolutely love it.
Thank
you.
Yeah we did. It was a good chance with you.
Good
luck with your degree and have fun in hawaii.
Well
we'll talk to her