SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. My foundation, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Oh, I think. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Fuck it. What ever? Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not difficult. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good, can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you. So what's your name? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm George,
SPEAKER_L: I'm here and nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. I was having some issues with my speakers. I got these little here but things and they were working okay yesterday and this morning I tried to set him up with my computer, the bluetooth and couldn't connect for some reason. So I have to go back to old school uh cables.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's me. I'm old school. You could I never I never done any bluetooth before so I don't have I don't even have a smartphone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well to be honest with you, these little ear bud things, they keep falling out of my ears, I don't know how
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: this is to
SPEAKER_R: use
SPEAKER_L: use to
SPEAKER_R: them. Yeah well you know what, these aren't as bad because I'm kind of jam them in but these little Bluetooth things are huge, I don't know who whose ears they're meant for but my ears aren't that big. So
SPEAKER_L: Can you get smaller ones?
SPEAKER_R: who? I don't think so. I think they come in like the same standard. Think it's kind of weird.
SPEAKER_L: Monster ears?
SPEAKER_R: So have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: done the
SPEAKER_L: at,
SPEAKER_R: video chat before?
SPEAKER_L: I did it back in May and I was supposed to yesterday with the guy, a guy or whoever didn't show up yesterday. So that's why I'm seeing you today. Have you ever had a no show?
SPEAKER_R: Yesterday, my first my first one was yesterday, but
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: done
SPEAKER_L: first time
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: done
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: no, I've done it uh three times before, I think
SPEAKER_L: You're a veteran then?
SPEAKER_R: the first, well the first time I think was in March and then I think it made a bit might have been in june and then I think august was the last time. Um it's pretty interesting uh meeting people generally, usually so far from places that not our aren't too close to me. Like I'm in Delaware, I'm not sure where you're from,
SPEAKER_L: Oklahoma, but
SPEAKER_R: I met
SPEAKER_L: I'm not I
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: don't I'm
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: first person
SPEAKER_L: from Oklahoma
SPEAKER_R: I met.
SPEAKER_L: though, I'm I'm from Minneapolis Minnesota, but I've been in Oklahoma now for
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: met,
SPEAKER_L: 20 years.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. How is how is life in Oklahoma right now in general? Oh, Oh, Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oklahoma is, is beautiful right now. Um we actually
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: have super weather all year round. The only time I don't like it is in this june july june july august part of september, it's too high because I'm from the midwest. So I'm used to being uh not so high that summers, but the rest of the year, the other nine months are, you know, you can be outside and into the rest of nine months we get no snow, you know, it's just it's great. So yeah, I'm sure you must still love snow because you're still in Delaware. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah, I I am originally from Jersey and my wife and I moved here 11 years ago and I knew we were heading a little south of Jersey. So I was hoping that maybe the weather will be a little nicer, but we're not really far enough away from Jersey to get away from the snow and the cold. We still get we still get all that, even though we're closer to the beach now in in Delaware. So Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: What, what beats you talking about?
SPEAKER_R: Rojo Beth you ever hear we're holding speech
SPEAKER_L: No. Is it on the
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: ocean?
SPEAKER_R: we got that? Yeah, that's the that's the big one down here. And there's Bethany Beach is, well, Delaware is really tiny. Um but basically the
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: whole
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: coastline is a bunch of different beaches and stuff, but a lot of people were coming down uh, from Jersey. Um as I think our beaches are a little less crowded and I think they're nicer than Jersey, but but it's at the same time, I mean, we moved to Delaware, kind of to get away from the rat race a little bit, and the rat race has followed us. So everybody is uh moving down from new york in Jersey and pennsylvania, everybody wants to go to Delaware. Um Because there are parks here. Yeah, it's uh we don't have sales tax and our taxes in general are very low, especially property taxes. Um When we lived
SPEAKER_L: We're low
SPEAKER_R: in Jersey,
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: my wife and I when we lived in Jersey, we were paying about 11,000 year in taxes, property taxes, and we moved to Delaware and our property tax now is about $700 a year. So that was that was a really nice selling point.
SPEAKER_L: that's huge. So
SPEAKER_R: but it
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: do you,
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: how do you
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: guys, how do you guys pay for, how do you guys pay for services and if you have no taxes?
SPEAKER_R: um what do you mean like the government services,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you know that's what they get
SPEAKER_R: roads?
SPEAKER_L: taxes for. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand how exactly Delaware comes up with their money. Um I know that a lot of businesses incorporate here uh from all around the world, so maybe that there's something coming from that, but I have never seen uh such good roads as as we have here. I mean the road has like they're repaving roads that look fine to me, I mean, I don't understand, it's like let's re pave this road and so it's constantly, I mean, I
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: understand,
SPEAKER_L: they got money.
SPEAKER_R: don't know where there is definitely money here, there's definitely money and the only other thing we've got is chickens, a lot of chicken farms here. Um
SPEAKER_L: No, never would've guessed that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Delaware is um uh there's a lot of farms, my house is surrounded by farms actually. Um But yeah, I I know that the incorporation thing could be, I'm sure there's some money coming from that, but I don't understand how it works exactly. Mhm. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know Jersey had beaches.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, Jersey has uh they have quite a few beaches in the southern part like atlantic city um when you get down towards towards the end of Jersey Ocean Beach and uh there's there's a lot of beaches in Jersey, I obviously I don't think they had too much business this year with everything going on. I know they they shut down the beaches here mostly for the summer and I think towards the very end they opened them up and you know people had to wear masks and and all that. Um Honestly I don't go to the beach too often, I I'm not a big fan of hanging out in the sun in the sand with you know, I mean I'd rather sit by a pool or at my at home you know and relax at home um but some people love it,
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: some people love the beaches
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. And then people like me, we don't have any beaches, so it's nice to get to one when we can. You know, I haven't been to the beach since, I haven't been to the beach since uh let's see, I think uh 92,000 2000 and nine I went to san Diego with my ex girlfriend and kids and I was the last time I've been to a beach, that was SAn Diego beach area. Yeah. Sitting in
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Oklahoma. I'm from Minnesota. Originally in, in the midwest Oklahoma don't have a natural lakes. All their dammed up lakes and they're not the same as natural. So it's it's just not as beautiful as, you know, midwest. But I went back up the midwest in 2000 and five for five years and I came back in 2010 because I was like, I can't do winners anymore. You know, winners are for kids, they're not for adults.
SPEAKER_R: I hear you. Right.
SPEAKER_L: There's no there's no redeeming quality except for maybe the scenery, you know, But I'd rather
SPEAKER_R: Located
SPEAKER_L: have no scenery than deal with that snow anymore. So I'm burned out.
SPEAKER_R: I agree with you completely. Every, every year I pray for no snow because my back ain't isn't good for handling that, you know, it's I'm not a spring chicken so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't even own a shovel. I mean, that's how as we are, we can no snow down here. It's amazing. They also in Oklahoma City get a load of snow, get about five inches a year. But that's about it. But it's funny the weather casters down here, it's all about the next snow and how big it's going to be. It's like you guys are ridiculous, there's no snow in this state. You know, like why don't you grow up? You know, they got like 15 miles, they look at, you know, for 14 14 say snow and once they know snow and they believe the one that has the snow, you know, it's just I send SMS messages to these people all the time going, what are you, what are you reporting that? What are you talking about? There's no snow. Don't make people think there's snow. Just give it up. You know, go up live in Minnesota for us winter and you'll see what snow is like, you know, 12 inches of snow,
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: blizzard,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: snowstorm and that's that's no not so
SPEAKER_R: it seems like meteorologists is the only job that you can get where you could be wrong like 100% of the time and still keep your job because I mean if I want to know the weather, I look outside because half the time they were wrong. Always wrong.
SPEAKER_L: The only thing I understand though George is how the temperature right every day though. How do they know exactly what temperature is going to be? That's what I get. That's what I understand. I mean they're they're right on every day at least not here they are. I mean they say it's give me 90 it's 90. But I don't I don't get how they do that. You know that's that's they get that right but they can't do anything else right, You know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I don't I don't understand that either. I look sometimes I look at the monthly forecast and I'm like how are they going to know what it's like in three weeks? You know, I don't understand it, but sometimes, I mean I don't, I guess that's why they go to school for that or whatever they do mhm
SPEAKER_L: Well there is one of the one of the models they use on channel since five here or channel that I'm not sure I watch different channels. But um the model they used came from my college that I went to my first two years of college. I went to community college called College of the page, which was the suburb of Chicago. And
SPEAKER_R: perhaps
SPEAKER_L: they have on the model there. I can see it when you're watching the meteorologist College of the page. It's like, that's pretty cool. I got there. I mean college pages, Community college, you know, oh, you is Oklahoma is, this is the center of a weather. And we got a model coming from college of the page and going on a small school. I mean it's a two year school. It's pretty cool that we have that we have that technology that we brought to, brought to the weather people, you know, so I was pretty, I was pretty, I'm pretty impressed by that. I mean, it was a good college I went to, you know, you know, john Belushi, remember him right? You know, john Belushi, yeah, he went to college page. He was a student student president of the government of the government. And he was president back in 1970 I think two or one. But I came here in 84. So
SPEAKER_R: So was his experience at college anything like animal house or it was a little different
SPEAKER_L: no, I don't know about his college days.
SPEAKER_R: remember?
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: He was, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know Animal house. Yeah, but I don't think he actually went to college. I think he went right to improv and then he got Sarah and live in 75. So you know, he had very short career because of his drug use. Yeah. I thought I saw I saw his brother on Bill Maher the other day, Jim Belushi and Jim Belushi is a big Canada's cannabis
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: grower I think, out in Oregon I think he's at and he was talking about if john this would have been would have been, you know, if you would like marijuana, you know, he might have been okay. But he had to have the hard stuff. I think he'd still be alive today if he was just a cannabis smoker, is what his brother is saying, right?
SPEAKER_R: he, well he, I think he was a little too wild for just pot, you know, like he seemed to be on the high spectrum of, you know, addiction and uh usually it's sad, but people that are so talented usually have baggage and problems that go along with that, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: Look at wedding Houston. I mean that woman was in an abusive relationship with bobby brown for years and she tried to get out of a few times and then didn't leave when she should have. And um, but, and then her daughter a year later, I think it was, she killed herself the same way that we needed in the bathtub. It's like, it's so tragic. You know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's terrible,
SPEAKER_L: How old are you by the way?
SPEAKER_R: I just turned 50 in
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: june,
SPEAKER_L: for you? Happy
SPEAKER_R: it's all,
SPEAKER_L: half a century?
SPEAKER_R: it's all all all downhill now,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm 54 so I got a few years on you. Um, Yeah, just sat down hill. I'm actually exercising more now than I did when I was 50. I'm in better shape than I was last 50. It's all a matter of what you do with it, you know? And uh your your mindset, because, you know, I feel, I feel like I'm getting stronger as I get older, you know? Um Of course I don't drink, I haven't drank for 25 years, I don't smoke, I'm doing that stuff and I try to eat right, and I exercise every day, so um I'd take care of myself, you know, my brother, on the other hand, he's three years younger than me, and he's obese smoke spot drinks um in this terrible shape. Yeah, and I've tried to help him for 25 years to get off the bottle, but he just he started pot eight years ago, and that's where his addiction is down. He can't give up give up alcohol for a little bit, but you can never give up the park, it's very addictive. And
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: he c
SPEAKER_R: kind of motivating, you know at least it seems
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: like people that
SPEAKER_L: huge. It's
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: huge. They don't talk about that enough
SPEAKER_R: they don't
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: to do it.
SPEAKER_L: have we have all these dispensaries that popped up around here. It's like how do why do you need 10 dispensaries for this talents? Only 25,000. I mean they had to get dispensary now on every block because it's legal to get it from the dispensary. You know, you can't you can't get it, you know, from a drug dealer still. I mean recreational use is just medical marijuana right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right
SPEAKER_L: And so the medical marijuana people are getting it real cheap here and then they sell it to their friends in profits. So basically they become drug dealers. Is what happens with the metal card. Yeah, I've seen
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it many
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: times.
SPEAKER_R: that's it and that's basically like being funded by the government, right? The dispensaries are run by by the government and well that's that can't be legal that can't be legal to resell. I would
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: it's not legal.
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: legal. If the medical card knew that they're doing that, they would lose their medical card. But they do it, they do it so underground that you know, I actually witnessed it when I was working in my last job and I actually reported it to management because they were they were doing their drugs while we were doing our job when we were drivers and I was worried about them driving and entering people, you know, because they were impaired and yeah, it was terrible. But my brother though, and dispensaries in Illinois where he lives, the dispensaries are more expensive than drug dealers crisis. So he still has a drug dealer. So he's every day he's at risk of getting busted for that. You know, he's got a license with both licensed clinical social workers. And so he would give up his career if he was get caught doing that doesn't stop them. That's why the dixons so strong you do things you're not supposed to be doing. You know, you wouldn't otherwise be doing, take all these risks, you know, so
SPEAKER_R: don't know if I agree with the legalization I think if you're taking if you're doing it for medical reasons you know pain or
SPEAKER_L: strictly
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: medical
SPEAKER_R: that can
SPEAKER_L: reasons,
SPEAKER_R: for all that stuff then I'm sure that's fine compared to like a lot of the drugs that the chemical drugs that you put in you could be just as bad or worse than that. But for people that have no reason, you know, they just want to get high. I don't I don't see it being a bad president, you know the way the way it's going, it's going to be I mean I don't I don't want to be around a bunch of high people are driving with high people or you know it's dangerous, you know to be around that. But who knows what's happening, The world's gone crazy.
SPEAKER_L: You think it's crazier now? That was when we were younger.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely. It seemed like we had more freedom whether it was good or bad for us, we had more freedom when we were younger, you know like and we'll be outside playing with our friends and doing stuff and nowadays the kids are just locked on their computers, you know, they know
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: especially
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: now. Um and you know my we did crazy things when I was a kid that that you know parents probably wouldn't let their kids do nowadays, you know like being
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: out of myself alone and night and
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: that and you can't really do that anymore. So I think the way people are growing up nowadays is more restrictive then
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: the way
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: sheltered. It's very sheltered now and protective. Like, like they say helicopter moms just like the kids can't do anything without, you know, going through this protective thing to make sure everything is safe around you and everything. You know, like you said we were kids, we went out and we're gone the whole day. I don't even know how what we eat because I mean we were gone all day. You must be just beating their friends houses or something. I don't know. But my mom, my parents want to be gone when I was gone. You know it's like go have go outside. You know we had nothing to stay inside for you know we didn't have all these video games and we have we didn't have internet of course. So yeah, you're right. Things have definitely changed, you know I think the internet age really changed a lot and that happened in 95 25 years ago is when I first got on the internet. Um But yeah, I mean there's some good things to it, but again it's all about moderation. If you overuse it, it's not good and do an operation, you're fine. You know it's all about moderation and balance. But you know I just I just watched this thing on dr Phil yesterday and this girl all she does all day long, she's 26 years old is play video games. You know she doesn't work her mom unless you just sit down on the couch and she eats ice cream and you know, buying bonds. And she's plus she's on top of that. She wants to kill her parents is what the topic was. But she never for anybody try to do it. But she wanted to do it many times. But to get some help now because I think she just had her mindset was all screwed up and what she was thinking about things. So she'll be fine. I really do think she will be fine. Doctor feels pretty cool. He
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: takes care of business.
SPEAKER_R: well if you know I find I feel the future is going to be very interesting for the kids growing up nowadays, especially with this the schooling, the virtual schooling and all that stuff, it's it's like they're becoming more and more isolated and that can't be a good psychological thing when you're growing up, you know and who knows what their generation is gonna look like in 20 years from now. It's it's disturbing, it's really disturbing. But I don't I don't know if there's a solution that my
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: my niece is a teacher and she has a high, they're doing a hybrid thing, so like three days a week, she has some students and then the other days it's all online and it's just it's not easy, it's never easy to teach or to learn. But to do it like over a screen is it seems almost impossible to get a quality education from that, you know. Like I'm glad, I'm I'm glad that I'm 50 now and not growing up in this this time, it's it's too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, Denmark? Um They never shut down their schools at the peak. But you know, when they first mentioned, I mean when Covid finally was, you know, on earth, it was actually a serious problem of mid March. And then they were shut down schools. What they did was they isolated students, they stayed in one class with one teacher and they've been doing that all through Covid. No one got Covid, you know, but they had school, they never shut down. I mean, this is in Denmark. I think it's amazing that they did that they were so smart to know what to do and how to handle everything. But yeah, I believe George that, you know, when we grew up, I mean, the number one thing about school, it's not about math and arithmetic and english and whatever. It's about building your social skills. You know, learning how to deal with deal with people get along. Because when you get a job later after school, it's all about getting along people and how to respect people and how to problem solve with people and work as a team and everything. You don't get that when you're online doing doing whatever they're doing. Um That's so important to human development, is that that's what they're missing the most, you know, I'm not concerned about the like I said arithmetic, arithmetic and english, I'm concerned about the social skills. Like you said, it's all about now isolation and it's just worse than it could possibly be right now. It's just it's just you know, you already have this going on and I just dump this on top of that and that's just mixing up more and more problems, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's uh something's gotta something's got to give, you know, something's gotta change, we gotta somehow come back to normal. Uh We have to I mean, there's just there's no there's no choice. I don't think um you know, people are often themselves with depression because of everything that's going on. Forget about people dying of the disease. They're dying of mental health issues now and God knows what else. And it's just it's terrible to see what's going on, but I don't know how how does how do things get back to normal unless we somehow attain that herd immunity thing or you know, where you get sick or you don't get sick and I mean, what's, you know, I don't want to be callous about it. You know, I've got to, my mom's still alive and she's almost 80 years old and I'm terrified
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: mom
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: know, be nearer and I'm worried about her a lot. Not so much myself, you know, I kind of think if I got it, you know, maybe I'd be all right, You know, maybe, you know, I've been sick before or whatever, I don't have any underlying health issues or anything but you know, for older people I mean and for kids and young Children, I mean what are you supposed to do? You know how you're supposed to send the kids to school when they could be okay but they're going to infect their teachers and then the teachers are going to get sick and it's like a snowball effect, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well you can't expect
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: little kids that were masked. So I know I wouldn't if I was a kid, I mean that would be so
SPEAKER_R: hell no.
SPEAKER_L: hard, you know, I came aware as adults. I mean I mean we're we're in big places, I could go to walmart or something and a half people in Oklahoma don't wear their mass you know. Um even after trump got the virus, you know it's like I thought that would change after he got the virus. But they still how about the rights? I think it's some kind of right that they're getting stamp on it. They don't you know, they have to wear a mask. It's like no it's about people's safety people. It's like it's so basic but you know I don't like we're masking my home or anything and but it's uh I don't know you know how it is, it's just we you know we've been around long enough five decades to know that things change and then they change again and they change again but just keep moving forward and what you can do in your life to make things better for yourself and others around you you know, you know, and
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: what you can do what you can with your piece of the piece of the pie and okay, I leave the rest of God,
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think a lot of people now it's all about them about me, me me what's what's in it for me and not really thinking about other people and it's
SPEAKER_L: you see my
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: shirt, you see my shirt?
SPEAKER_R: I. C. B. A good be a good human. That's a that's a great that's a great shirt
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: is a great
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: shirt. I get I get people stop me at walmart and like, you know, they think that they go they say to themselves, you know, yeah, I should be should be a better person. And that's what I've been told by people as they stopped me and I said, you know what I found, which they were found interesting is that people are are nicer to me because I'm wearing a shirt because they say, okay, this guy must be nice guy, because we're in the shirt. So I don't know, I'm gonna show him a nice I'm a nice guy too. And so it I mean, people are just totally different around me when I was in the shirt, I wear the shirt as much as possible because people react better to me, you know, and it gets them thinking, you know, it's like let's stop being so angry at people and hateful of people, it's like we're all in this together, it's just stop this crap, you know, let's just be good people to each other, you know, let's get back to the basics, you know? So yeah, I saw I saw and I think I saw it on instagram or something, someone wearing the shirt and like I would like that, so I'm gonna get one, so I got one, I don't know where I got
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: it from, but I got it.
SPEAKER_R: that's a that's a great shirt, I think that they should be handing those out with masks, you should have to wear a mask and one of those shirts and
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: treat people like,
SPEAKER_L: idea,
SPEAKER_R: you know, good humans and maybe we'll get through this, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yep. Exactly, So you don't have kids?
SPEAKER_R: Um No, well, my wife has three um she
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: was married once
SPEAKER_L: have kids too
SPEAKER_R: before
SPEAKER_L: then?
SPEAKER_R: I do have kids, but they're not directly my kids, well, when I, when I met my wife, her kids were already grown, we've been married 14 years, so her youngest daughter is 30 31. Uh
SPEAKER_L: my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: so I don't really, I never had, should I have a grandson now, which is fantastic. I'm glad I skipped over the Children part and went right to grandkids because I love grandpa, I love my grandson, you know, he comes and we hang out and have fun and then he goes home with his mom and dad, which is fantastic also,
SPEAKER_L: so when your step
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: kids have a kid is that you're talking about? So you don't
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you don't you consider that your grandkids where those kids aren't really your kids, but this is your grandkids, so you skipped over? I see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're, they're too old to be my Children. They're too old to be my Children. And I just skipped right over them and I went right to the little guy and uh, yeah, he's awesome. He's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: How old is before five?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, actually he's six now. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: That was close,
SPEAKER_R: well maybe he's seven, I'm telling you, I haven't seen them in before all this started. It's been probably over a year since I've actually seen him. We
SPEAKER_L: where's he
SPEAKER_R: want,
SPEAKER_L: live?
SPEAKER_R: he lives in Jersey. Uh, they live in Jersey and uh, which it's from us, it's about 2.5 hours by car, so it's not too far and it's not too close. But um, with everything going on, they didn't want to, you know, I don't blame them wanting to come down and travel. But generally here things are pretty good. Everybody wears their masks and Delaware and and uh it's pretty decent. Not so much in Jersey Jersey has a mix of people like I think most places, you know. But
SPEAKER_L: They had the second highest rate of infections in Jersey and after new york. So you're probably
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: you're probably a better state than you were for that at least. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I think I just read something the other day to that Jersey is getting another spike or something that it was going back up again and just when they think it's, you know, tamper down, it's like all of a sudden it's back,
SPEAKER_L: it's just hanging out man because people aren't doing, they're supposed to be doing, you know, having, having these big big, having big outdoors are big invents inside or outdoors with no no social distancing, no mass. I mean it's like come on, people wake up, we're in the middle of a pandemic. What do you think this is? I'm Oscar but if I die I die, you know I'm strong enough. I'll beat this so I don't worry about it. Well
SPEAKER_R: Those
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: those
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: you tell it to 215,000 people died and like you said
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: all those people that have committed suicide which should be actually in the total of 215,000. You know they should include those people because it's covid related. And you're right. There has been many many many many many suicides. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's uh people people are selfish, you know, they are not going to get sick, but you're gonna get somebody else who can't handle it and it's gonna die. And so you're basically a murderer. You know, you don't want to look at it that way, but you are so, you know, you can't fix stupid though. You know that that's what they say, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well we better let each other go. It's been 30 minutes I think
SPEAKER_R: Already
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: I appreciate
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: time time with you
SPEAKER_R: yours
SPEAKER_L: George.
SPEAKER_R: too, is very nice talking to you. And I'm gonna go get one of those shirts. I'm going to go
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and I'm going to order one. I'm absolutely I love that shirt I'm gonna wear for the next time. I have one of these video things. I'm gonna wear my
SPEAKER_L: good?
SPEAKER_R: shirt.
SPEAKER_L: All right George again? Great meeting you. Take care of yourself, enjoy your fifties. All right.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Thank you. Take
SPEAKER_L: But.