Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. My foundation, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Oh, I think. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Fuck it. What ever? Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not difficult. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Thank you. Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, I can hear you. So what's your name? Mhm.
I'm here and nice to meet you.
Okay. Yeah, that's me. I'm old school. You could I never I never done any bluetooth before so I don't have I don't even have a smartphone.
but
this is to
use to
Can you get smaller ones?
Monster ears?
Yeah, I did
it
back
at,
I did it back in May and I was supposed to yesterday with the guy, a guy or whoever didn't show up yesterday. So that's why I'm seeing you today. Have you ever had a no show?
that was
your
first time
doing
this?
You're a veteran then?
Oklahoma, but
I'm not I
don't I'm
not
from Oklahoma
though, I'm I'm from Minneapolis Minnesota, but I've been in Oklahoma now for
about
20 years.
Oklahoma is, is beautiful right now. Um we actually
have super weather all year round. The only time I don't like it is in this june july june july august part of september, it's too high because I'm from the midwest. So I'm used to being uh not so high that summers, but the rest of the year, the other nine months are, you know, you can be outside and into the rest of nine months we get no snow, you know, it's just it's great. So yeah, I'm sure you must still love snow because you're still in Delaware. Right,
What, what beats you talking about?
No. Is it on the
ocean?
of
course.
We're low
too.
that's huge. So
how
do you,
how do you
guys, how do you guys pay for, how do you guys pay for services and if you have no taxes?
Yeah, you know that's what they get
taxes for. Mhm.
Because
they
got
they got money.
No, never would've guessed that.
I didn't know Jersey had beaches.
Was
Yeah, exactly. And then people like me, we don't have any beaches, so it's nice to get to one when we can. You know, I haven't been to the beach since, I haven't been to the beach since uh let's see, I think uh 92,000 2000 and nine I went to san Diego with my ex girlfriend and kids and I was the last time I've been to a beach, that was SAn Diego beach area. Yeah. Sitting in
Oklahoma. I'm from Minnesota. Originally in, in the midwest Oklahoma don't have a natural lakes. All their dammed up lakes and they're not the same as natural. So it's it's just not as beautiful as, you know, midwest. But I went back up the midwest in 2000 and five for five years and I came back in 2010 because I was like, I can't do winners anymore. You know, winners are for kids, they're not for adults.
There's no there's no redeeming quality except for maybe the scenery, you know, But I'd rather
have no scenery than deal with that snow anymore. So I'm burned out.
Yeah, I don't even own a shovel. I mean, that's how as we are, we can no snow down here. It's amazing. They also in Oklahoma City get a load of snow, get about five inches a year. But that's about it. But it's funny the weather casters down here, it's all about the next snow and how big it's going to be. It's like you guys are ridiculous, there's no snow in this state. You know, like why don't you grow up? You know, they got like 15 miles, they look at, you know, for 14 14 say snow and once they know snow and they believe the one that has the snow, you know, it's just I send SMS messages to these people all the time going, what are you, what are you reporting that? What are you talking about? There's no snow. Don't make people think there's snow. Just give it up. You know, go up live in Minnesota for us winter and you'll see what snow is like, you know, 12 inches of snow,
blizzard,
snowstorm and that's that's no not so
The only thing I understand though George is how the temperature right every day though. How do they know exactly what temperature is going to be? That's what I get. That's what I understand. I mean they're they're right on every day at least not here they are. I mean they say it's give me 90 it's 90. But I don't I don't get how they do that. You know that's that's they get that right but they can't do anything else right, You know?
Well there is one of the one of the models they use on channel since five here or channel that I'm not sure I watch different channels. But um the model they used came from my college that I went to my first two years of college. I went to community college called College of the page, which was the suburb of Chicago. And
they have on the model there. I can see it when you're watching the meteorologist College of the page. It's like, that's pretty cool. I got there. I mean college pages, Community college, you know, oh, you is Oklahoma is, this is the center of a weather. And we got a model coming from college of the page and going on a small school. I mean it's a two year school. It's pretty cool that we have that we have that technology that we brought to, brought to the weather people, you know, so I was pretty, I was pretty, I'm pretty impressed by that. I mean, it was a good college I went to, you know, you know, john Belushi, remember him right? You know, john Belushi, yeah, he went to college page. He was a student student president of the government of the government. And he was president back in 1970 I think two or one. But I came here in 84. So
no, I don't know about his college days.
That's
Yeah, I know Animal house. Yeah, but I don't think he actually went to college. I think he went right to improv and then he got Sarah and live in 75. So you know, he had very short career because of his drug use. Yeah. I thought I saw I saw his brother on Bill Maher the other day, Jim Belushi and Jim Belushi is a big Canada's cannabis
grower I think, out in Oregon I think he's at and he was talking about if john this would have been would have been, you know, if you would like marijuana, you know, he might have been okay. But he had to have the hard stuff. I think he'd still be alive today if he was just a cannabis smoker, is what his brother is saying, right?
Look at wedding Houston. I mean that woman was in an abusive relationship with bobby brown for years and she tried to get out of a few times and then didn't leave when she should have. And um, but, and then her daughter a year later, I think it was, she killed herself the same way that we needed in the bathtub. It's like, it's so tragic. You know?
How old are you by the way?
Good
for you? Happy
half a century?
Well, I'm 54 so I got a few years on you. Um, Yeah, just sat down hill. I'm actually exercising more now than I did when I was 50. I'm in better shape than I was last 50. It's all a matter of what you do with it, you know? And uh your your mindset, because, you know, I feel, I feel like I'm getting stronger as I get older, you know? Um Of course I don't drink, I haven't drank for 25 years, I don't smoke, I'm doing that stuff and I try to eat right, and I exercise every day, so um I'd take care of myself, you know, my brother, on the other hand, he's three years younger than me, and he's obese smoke spot drinks um in this terrible shape. Yeah, and I've tried to help him for 25 years to get off the bottle, but he just he started pot eight years ago, and that's where his addiction is down. He can't give up give up alcohol for a little bit, but you can never give up the park, it's very addictive. And
he c
it's
huge. It's
huge. They don't talk about that enough
when
we
have we have all these dispensaries that popped up around here. It's like how do why do you need 10 dispensaries for this talents? Only 25,000. I mean they had to get dispensary now on every block because it's legal to get it from the dispensary. You know, you can't you can't get it, you know, from a drug dealer still. I mean recreational use is just medical marijuana right now. Yeah.
And so the medical marijuana people are getting it real cheap here and then they sell it to their friends in profits. So basically they become drug dealers. Is what happens with the metal card. Yeah, I've seen
it many
times.
No,
it's not legal.
It's
not
legal. If the medical card knew that they're doing that, they would lose their medical card. But they do it, they do it so underground that you know, I actually witnessed it when I was working in my last job and I actually reported it to management because they were they were doing their drugs while we were doing our job when we were drivers and I was worried about them driving and entering people, you know, because they were impaired and yeah, it was terrible. But my brother though, and dispensaries in Illinois where he lives, the dispensaries are more expensive than drug dealers crisis. So he still has a drug dealer. So he's every day he's at risk of getting busted for that. You know, he's got a license with both licensed clinical social workers. And so he would give up his career if he was get caught doing that doesn't stop them. That's why the dixons so strong you do things you're not supposed to be doing. You know, you wouldn't otherwise be doing, take all these risks, you know, so
strictly
medical
reasons,
You think it's crazier now? That was when we were younger.
That's
ridiculous.
too.
me
too.
It's
very
sheltered. It's very sheltered now and protective. Like, like they say helicopter moms just like the kids can't do anything without, you know, going through this protective thing to make sure everything is safe around you and everything. You know, like you said we were kids, we went out and we're gone the whole day. I don't even know how what we eat because I mean we were gone all day. You must be just beating their friends houses or something. I don't know. But my mom, my parents want to be gone when I was gone. You know it's like go have go outside. You know we had nothing to stay inside for you know we didn't have all these video games and we have we didn't have internet of course. So yeah, you're right. Things have definitely changed, you know I think the internet age really changed a lot and that happened in 95 25 years ago is when I first got on the internet. Um But yeah, I mean there's some good things to it, but again it's all about moderation. If you overuse it, it's not good and do an operation, you're fine. You know it's all about moderation and balance. But you know I just I just watched this thing on dr Phil yesterday and this girl all she does all day long, she's 26 years old is play video games. You know she doesn't work her mom unless you just sit down on the couch and she eats ice cream and you know, buying bonds. And she's plus she's on top of that. She wants to kill her parents is what the topic was. But she never for anybody try to do it. But she wanted to do it many times. But to get some help now because I think she just had her mindset was all screwed up and what she was thinking about things. So she'll be fine. I really do think she will be fine. Doctor feels pretty cool. He
takes care of business.
Thank
Yeah. You know, Denmark? Um They never shut down their schools at the peak. But you know, when they first mentioned, I mean when Covid finally was, you know, on earth, it was actually a serious problem of mid March. And then they were shut down schools. What they did was they isolated students, they stayed in one class with one teacher and they've been doing that all through Covid. No one got Covid, you know, but they had school, they never shut down. I mean, this is in Denmark. I think it's amazing that they did that they were so smart to know what to do and how to handle everything. But yeah, I believe George that, you know, when we grew up, I mean, the number one thing about school, it's not about math and arithmetic and english and whatever. It's about building your social skills. You know, learning how to deal with deal with people get along. Because when you get a job later after school, it's all about getting along people and how to respect people and how to problem solve with people and work as a team and everything. You don't get that when you're online doing doing whatever they're doing. Um That's so important to human development, is that that's what they're missing the most, you know, I'm not concerned about the like I said arithmetic, arithmetic and english, I'm concerned about the social skills. Like you said, it's all about now isolation and it's just worse than it could possibly be right now. It's just it's just you know, you already have this going on and I just dump this on top of that and that's just mixing up more and more problems, you know?
My
mom
too.
Well you can't expect
little kids that were masked. So I know I wouldn't if I was a kid, I mean that would be so
hard, you know, I came aware as adults. I mean I mean we're we're in big places, I could go to walmart or something and a half people in Oklahoma don't wear their mass you know. Um even after trump got the virus, you know it's like I thought that would change after he got the virus. But they still how about the rights? I think it's some kind of right that they're getting stamp on it. They don't you know, they have to wear a mask. It's like no it's about people's safety people. It's like it's so basic but you know I don't like we're masking my home or anything and but it's uh I don't know you know how it is, it's just we you know we've been around long enough five decades to know that things change and then they change again and they change again but just keep moving forward and what you can do in your life to make things better for yourself and others around you you know, you know, and
do
what you can do what you can with your piece of the piece of the pie and okay, I leave the rest of God,
you see my
shirt, you see my shirt?
It
is a great
shirt. I get I get people stop me at walmart and like, you know, they think that they go they say to themselves, you know, yeah, I should be should be a better person. And that's what I've been told by people as they stopped me and I said, you know what I found, which they were found interesting is that people are are nicer to me because I'm wearing a shirt because they say, okay, this guy must be nice guy, because we're in the shirt. So I don't know, I'm gonna show him a nice I'm a nice guy too. And so it I mean, people are just totally different around me when I was in the shirt, I wear the shirt as much as possible because people react better to me, you know, and it gets them thinking, you know, it's like let's stop being so angry at people and hateful of people, it's like we're all in this together, it's just stop this crap, you know, let's just be good people to each other, you know, let's get back to the basics, you know? So yeah, I saw I saw and I think I saw it on instagram or something, someone wearing the shirt and like I would like that, so I'm gonna get one, so I got one, I don't know where I got
it from, but I got it.
that's
idea,
yep. Exactly, So you don't have kids?
You
have kids too
then?
my gosh,
so when your step
kids have a kid is that you're talking about? So you don't
you don't you consider that your grandkids where those kids aren't really your kids, but this is your grandkids, so you skipped over? I see.
How old is before five?
That was close,
where's he
live?
They had the second highest rate of infections in Jersey and after new york. So you're probably
you're probably a better state than you were for that at least. Yeah,
it's just hanging out man because people aren't doing, they're supposed to be doing, you know, having, having these big big, having big outdoors are big invents inside or outdoors with no no social distancing, no mass. I mean it's like come on, people wake up, we're in the middle of a pandemic. What do you think this is? I'm Oscar but if I die I die, you know I'm strong enough. I'll beat this so I don't worry about it. Well
you
tell
you tell it to 215,000 people died and like you said
all those people that have committed suicide which should be actually in the total of 215,000. You know they should include those people because it's covid related. And you're right. There has been many many many many many suicides. So.
Yeah. Well we better let each other go. It's been 30 minutes I think
so.
I appreciate
your
time time with you
George.
Are
you
good?
All right George again? Great meeting you. Take care of yourself, enjoy your fifties. All right.
But.