Hello?
Good, can you hear me okay?
I'm George,
nice to meet you. I was having some issues with my speakers. I got these little here but things and they were working okay yesterday and this morning I tried to set him up with my computer, the bluetooth and couldn't connect for some reason. So I have to go back to old school uh cables.
Yeah. Well to be honest with you, these little ear bud things, they keep falling out of my ears, I don't know how
people
use
them. Yeah well you know what, these aren't as bad because I'm kind of jam them in but these little Bluetooth things are huge, I don't know who whose ears they're meant for but my ears aren't that big. So
who? I don't think so. I think they come in like the same standard. Think it's kind of weird.
So have you done this before?
Have
you
done the
video chat before?
Yesterday, my first my first one was yesterday, but
I've
done
I've
done
no, I've done it uh three times before, I think
the first, well the first time I think was in March and then I think it made a bit might have been in june and then I think august was the last time. Um it's pretty interesting uh meeting people generally, usually so far from places that not our aren't too close to me. Like I'm in Delaware, I'm not sure where you're from,
I met
some
the
first person
I met.
I
met,
that's cool. How is how is life in Oklahoma right now in general? Oh, Oh, Mhm. Yeah,
let's
Well, yeah, I I am originally from Jersey and my wife and I moved here 11 years ago and I knew we were heading a little south of Jersey. So I was hoping that maybe the weather will be a little nicer, but we're not really far enough away from Jersey to get away from the snow and the cold. We still get we still get all that, even though we're closer to the beach now in in Delaware. So Uh huh.
Rojo Beth you ever hear we're holding speech
or
we got that? Yeah, that's the that's the big one down here. And there's Bethany Beach is, well, Delaware is really tiny. Um but basically the
whole
coastline is a bunch of different beaches and stuff, but a lot of people were coming down uh, from Jersey. Um as I think our beaches are a little less crowded and I think they're nicer than Jersey, but but it's at the same time, I mean, we moved to Delaware, kind of to get away from the rat race a little bit, and the rat race has followed us. So everybody is uh moving down from new york in Jersey and pennsylvania, everybody wants to go to Delaware. Um Because there are parks here. Yeah, it's uh we don't have sales tax and our taxes in general are very low, especially property taxes. Um When we lived
in Jersey,
my wife and I when we lived in Jersey, we were paying about 11,000 year in taxes, property taxes, and we moved to Delaware and our property tax now is about $700 a year. So that was that was a really nice selling point.
but it
is
kind
of
um what do you mean like the government services,
roads?
I don't understand how exactly Delaware comes up with their money. Um I know that a lot of businesses incorporate here uh from all around the world, so maybe that there's something coming from that, but I have never seen uh such good roads as as we have here. I mean the road has like they're repaving roads that look fine to me, I mean, I don't understand, it's like let's re pave this road and so it's constantly, I mean, I
don't,
I
understand,
don't know where there is definitely money here, there's definitely money and the only other thing we've got is chickens, a lot of chicken farms here. Um
yeah, Delaware is um uh there's a lot of farms, my house is surrounded by farms actually. Um But yeah, I I know that the incorporation thing could be, I'm sure there's some money coming from that, but I don't understand how it works exactly. Mhm. Oh.
Oh yeah, yeah, Jersey has uh they have quite a few beaches in the southern part like atlantic city um when you get down towards towards the end of Jersey Ocean Beach and uh there's there's a lot of beaches in Jersey, I obviously I don't think they had too much business this year with everything going on. I know they they shut down the beaches here mostly for the summer and I think towards the very end they opened them up and you know people had to wear masks and and all that. Um Honestly I don't go to the beach too often, I I'm not a big fan of hanging out in the sun in the sand with you know, I mean I'd rather sit by a pool or at my at home you know and relax at home um but some people love it,
some people love the beaches
that's
I hear you. Right.
Located
I agree with you completely. Every, every year I pray for no snow because my back ain't isn't good for handling that, you know, it's I'm not a spring chicken so.
I know
it
it seems like meteorologists is the only job that you can get where you could be wrong like 100% of the time and still keep your job because I mean if I want to know the weather, I look outside because half the time they were wrong. Always wrong.
Yeah. I I don't I don't understand that either. I look sometimes I look at the monthly forecast and I'm like how are they going to know what it's like in three weeks? You know, I don't understand it, but sometimes, I mean I don't, I guess that's why they go to school for that or whatever they do mhm
perhaps
So was his experience at college anything like animal house or it was a little different
remember?
He was, yeah,
I mean,
he, well he, I think he was a little too wild for just pot, you know, like he seemed to be on the high spectrum of, you know, addiction and uh usually it's sad, but people that are so talented usually have baggage and problems that go along with that, you know? But
yeah, that's terrible,
I just turned 50 in
june,
it's all,
it's all all all downhill now,
also
kind of motivating, you know at least it seems
like people that
just,
they don't
want
to do it.
Right
And
and
that's it and that's basically like being funded by the government, right? The dispensaries are run by by the government and well that's that can't be legal that can't be legal to resell. I would
think
that
I
mean
don't know if I agree with the legalization I think if you're taking if you're doing it for medical reasons you know pain or
people
that can
for all that stuff then I'm sure that's fine compared to like a lot of the drugs that the chemical drugs that you put in you could be just as bad or worse than that. But for people that have no reason, you know, they just want to get high. I don't I don't see it being a bad president, you know the way the way it's going, it's going to be I mean I don't I don't want to be around a bunch of high people are driving with high people or you know it's dangerous, you know to be around that. But who knows what's happening, The world's gone crazy.
Yeah, absolutely. It seemed like we had more freedom whether it was good or bad for us, we had more freedom when we were younger, you know like and we'll be outside playing with our friends and doing stuff and nowadays the kids are just locked on their computers, you know, they know
especially
now. Um and you know my we did crazy things when I was a kid that that you know parents probably wouldn't let their kids do nowadays, you know like being
out of myself alone and night and
doing
that and you can't really do that anymore. So I think the way people are growing up nowadays is more restrictive then
the way
it
Well
well if you know I find I feel the future is going to be very interesting for the kids growing up nowadays, especially with this the schooling, the virtual schooling and all that stuff, it's it's like they're becoming more and more isolated and that can't be a good psychological thing when you're growing up, you know and who knows what their generation is gonna look like in 20 years from now. It's it's disturbing, it's really disturbing. But I don't I don't know if there's a solution that my
my niece is a teacher and she has a high, they're doing a hybrid thing, so like three days a week, she has some students and then the other days it's all online and it's just it's not easy, it's never easy to teach or to learn. But to do it like over a screen is it seems almost impossible to get a quality education from that, you know. Like I'm glad, I'm I'm glad that I'm 50 now and not growing up in this this time, it's it's too much.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's uh something's gotta something's got to give, you know, something's gotta change, we gotta somehow come back to normal. Uh We have to I mean, there's just there's no there's no choice. I don't think um you know, people are often themselves with depression because of everything that's going on. Forget about people dying of the disease. They're dying of mental health issues now and God knows what else. And it's just it's terrible to see what's going on, but I don't know how how does how do things get back to normal unless we somehow attain that herd immunity thing or you know, where you get sick or you don't get sick and I mean, what's, you know, I don't want to be callous about it. You know, I've got to, my mom's still alive and she's almost 80 years old and I'm terrified
to,
you
know, be nearer and I'm worried about her a lot. Not so much myself, you know, I kind of think if I got it, you know, maybe I'd be all right, You know, maybe, you know, I've been sick before or whatever, I don't have any underlying health issues or anything but you know, for older people I mean and for kids and young Children, I mean what are you supposed to do? You know how you're supposed to send the kids to school when they could be okay but they're going to infect their teachers and then the teachers are going to get sick and it's like a snowball effect, you know?
But
hell no.
I think
that's
yeah I think a lot of people now it's all about them about me, me me what's what's in it for me and not really thinking about other people and it's
it's
I. C. B. A good be a good human. That's a that's a great that's a great shirt
that
there.
that
that's a that's a great shirt, I think that they should be handing those out with masks, you should have to wear a mask and one of those shirts and
treat people like,
you know, good humans and maybe we'll get through this, you know?
Um No, well, my wife has three um she
was married once
before
I do have kids, but they're not directly my kids, well, when I, when I met my wife, her kids were already grown, we've been married 14 years, so her youngest daughter is 30 31. Uh
so I don't really, I never had, should I have a grandson now, which is fantastic. I'm glad I skipped over the Children part and went right to grandkids because I love grandpa, I love my grandson, you know, he comes and we hang out and have fun and then he goes home with his mom and dad, which is fantastic also,
but
But
Yeah, they're, they're too old to be my Children. They're too old to be my Children. And I just skipped right over them and I went right to the little guy and uh, yeah, he's awesome. He's awesome.
Oh, actually he's six now. Uh,
well maybe he's seven, I'm telling you, I haven't seen them in before all this started. It's been probably over a year since I've actually seen him. We
want,
he lives in Jersey. Uh, they live in Jersey and uh, which it's from us, it's about 2.5 hours by car, so it's not too far and it's not too close. But um, with everything going on, they didn't want to, you know, I don't blame them wanting to come down and travel. But generally here things are pretty good. Everybody wears their masks and Delaware and and uh it's pretty decent. Not so much in Jersey Jersey has a mix of people like I think most places, you know. But
I just
I think I just read something the other day to that Jersey is getting another spike or something that it was going back up again and just when they think it's, you know, tamper down, it's like all of a sudden it's back,
Those
those
people
All
Yeah. It's uh people people are selfish, you know, they are not going to get sick, but you're gonna get somebody else who can't handle it and it's gonna die. And so you're basically a murderer. You know, you don't want to look at it that way, but you are so, you know, you can't fix stupid though. You know that that's what they say, but
Already
sounds
good.
It was
yours
too, is very nice talking to you. And I'm gonna go get one of those shirts. I'm going to go
out
and I'm going to order one. I'm absolutely I love that shirt I'm gonna wear for the next time. I have one of these video things. I'm gonna wear my
shirt.
You too. Thank you. Take