SPEAKER_L: Hello. Here I am just a minute early to make sure that the computers all working thankfully it is. And fingers crossed. Have person show up. Yeah, possible. Yeah. Just up until Yeah. Yeah. That secrets. Here we are. 1:00, fingers crossed. This doesn't prove it on. Hello, How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Something? Well, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: My name's Courtney.
SPEAKER_L: My name is a j Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you too. Where are you? A J.
SPEAKER_L: I am in California and also a constant state of denial.
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry where in California?
SPEAKER_L: In a constant state of denial.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah me too. I'm actually in santa barbara.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. I'm in sacramento, so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Yeah I I went to U. C. Davis for college so. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I I went to Arizona State online, so how smoky is it for you right now?
SPEAKER_R: Um Now it's it's actually okay. Um Yeah I mean I'm sure it's a lot worse
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: for you since Vacaville is you know right there? Um
SPEAKER_L: it's better today, but the last few days it's been really? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Really bad. Yeah same. Uh Yeah over the weekend it was about I think it was like unhealthy for sensitive groups but it didn't reach that like unhealthy status so I think it was fine.
SPEAKER_L: I generally just stay inside anyway, so it's but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah especially with the pandemic to like, yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: pandemic and then wildfires, it's just like the universe is mad at all of us.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Well in California I guess a lot more we were living the good life for too long. Need to humble us. Oh sorry I live right next to an airport so you might hear some planes over
SPEAKER_L: Oh no worries. That's
SPEAKER_R: red.
SPEAKER_L: kind of cool. Probably not going to sleep though. That's got to be. Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: So what are you are you still in school or?
SPEAKER_L: I graduated like six months ago or seven months ago.
SPEAKER_R: well, congrats, that's
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. But I'm now trying to get into graduate school or I got into graduate school and that starts in like a month. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, that is so cool. So what are you going to graduate school for
SPEAKER_L: mom screenwriting. So
SPEAKER_R: screenwriting? Oh wow. And where are you going?
SPEAKER_L: U. C. L. A. Online.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Very very cool.
SPEAKER_L: How about you? What have you graduated? Are you in college or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm a graduate student actually right now
SPEAKER_L: well Cool. For what?
SPEAKER_R: for cognitive neuroscience, so I'm at UCSB here and um yeah it's a lot of fun. I'm only in my second year, but you know, I just got the course work out of the way and now I'm gonna do my research and whatnot.
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool. What are you um researching like is it a paper or something?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah, also I have dogs, you might hear them.
SPEAKER_L: no no I I got a dog great right off screen laying down.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cute. Um so I'm interested in eyewitness testimony. Uh and so memory specifically for like autobiographical events. So you know just like how you would write a screen screenplay or something like that, you know? But with your memory.
SPEAKER_L: It's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so just trying to see like how we can improve people's memory and you know, especially for like traumatic sort of experiences um uh or negative experiences in general, like how to make it more accurate. So when you go to court or you know speak with a counselor you can B.
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: S.
SPEAKER_L: test high it's as accurate as possible. Oh
SPEAKER_R: exactly exactly.
SPEAKER_L: that's really interesting. I just write like funny phrases and hope that people laugh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. So you're a comedy screenwriter?
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully. And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: have like
SPEAKER_L: what I
SPEAKER_R: favorite
SPEAKER_L: did.
SPEAKER_R: show or that you lost them?
SPEAKER_L: Favorite show was Parks in rack
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes. Leslie knope.
SPEAKER_L: not much after. That is really compared, I've heard the office was good but I couldn't get into it. It just it's a different kind of humor than parks and rec which is a lot more positive and offices a lot more negative.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I could definitely see that and I think a lot of jokes in the Office and may have not aged well. Yeah. So um but at the time I mean I remember watching The Office when it was coming out and it was funny and everything but that was when I.
SPEAKER_L: It's funny as I have to write a screenplay for the class. I have to find a current running tv show and write a comedy screenplay for it. And the problem is there are really bad. I've been trying to find a show and there hasn't been any, all the current running comedies are not things I watch common.
SPEAKER_R: man. Well what if you were to take something that wasn't a comedy and like kind of turn it into one? Is that allowed or?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. Unfortunately it has to be like an active comedy of
SPEAKER_R: Uh that's,
SPEAKER_L: any minute or 21 minutes and so all the shows there's like archer which I'm not a fan of, it's always sunny in philadelphia. Um all the really negative depressing ones that are just like everyone is horrible. Like no, I want something happy and one of my tribe Brooklyn 99 So I'm trying that
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've heard that's a really good show. My my fiance watched all of it and he said that he really liked it.
SPEAKER_L: It's like eight seasons in which that's what it's like to know all the characters and write an episode.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah the back story and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they need to reboot psych. If they reboot psych then it'll be great on that show.
SPEAKER_R: Well they did actually do a movie recently. Um
SPEAKER_L: I haven't
SPEAKER_R: Hadn't,
SPEAKER_L: seen that yet. I've been meeting.
SPEAKER_R: yeah maybe you could do an extension of that movie or something.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe it all depends on the teachers. They could be cool. They could be, you know, very you know, traditional.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah exactly. Well that sounds like a really fun assignment.
SPEAKER_L: We'll see your fingers crossed the early honor of Egypt and then I have to write my own original screenplay so that's going to be fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that one might actually even end up being more like easier for you than this one.
SPEAKER_L: I I'm the person who in school is always trying to do the um you know, get everything done in advance. I already have a rough draft written that I'm gonna try to work on. So when it finally happens, like I'm done. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's so cool. What's the general idea of your rough draft?
SPEAKER_L: The concept is a comedy show sort of like twilight zone where each one is sort of episodic but set in the 1960s in the United States during the Cold War following a bunch of the CIA and the different operations they do when the twist is, they are all based on true stories. The CIA funded some really dumb stuff went during the Cold War. So like one of the pilot episode is about real name operation, acoustic kitty. Oh, Which was they adopted a cat and then implanted um microphones into the cat and sent it over to a Russian embassy to try to spy on them because no one's gonna think the cat is wired to like get radio signals. It made it 50 ft and was hit by a car.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh wow and that that's true
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is all true. And it costs the taxpayers $20 million.
SPEAKER_R: wow that's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: It's terrible. But kind of funny.
SPEAKER_R: Oh very funny. But yeah very terrible. So are you writing something along those lines or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then my other research has been trying to look up other interesting CIA assignments that were either pitched or actually worked on because I'm willing to like fudge it a little and be like, okay, this was an actual pitch that didn't get green lit. But the fact that it got this far is already, you know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's really cool, wow. That's really creative to I mean I would never thought the CIA assignments.
SPEAKER_L: You're hoping your pans out then I like the old gets or not the show. I haven't seen much of the show, but I liked the movie Get Smart because it was a fun movie and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so I'm
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: hoping
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: will be in that vein, which I know was based on a show which is really hard to find copies of. Well
SPEAKER_R: Um was it based on an english show or?
SPEAKER_L: One thing, it was an English. I was just to show that now it's like you have to pay $4 apiece to watch on Amazon or something Episode. Which 1? I Want to Watch? A Bunch of Episodes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess a little costly. Oh jeez.
SPEAKER_L: Where is this tax deductible? Well thanks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah maybe yeah you have to use it for your courses, who knows? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: let's see. What sort of movies do you watch or if you watch any.
SPEAKER_R: Oh definitely watch movies. Um But I'm more of a television person to be honest. Like I so during this pandemic I've spent most of the time watching law and order special victims unit, so I watched all 21 seasons I believe
SPEAKER_L: Out.
SPEAKER_R: like yeah from start to finish so I'm very proud of that. Thank you thank you. And um what else that I've been watching? Oh just like here and there. Netflix shows that come up as new or movies that are new on netflix but yeah I think yeah I'm definitely more into like the crime kind of stuff, but I mean I do love comedy as well. Um Let's see you. What's my favorite comedy?
SPEAKER_L: Have you seen Bones The T. V. Show?
SPEAKER_R: No I haven't. Some bones. Yeah. Is that
SPEAKER_L: it's really good.
SPEAKER_R: what's it about?
SPEAKER_L: Um It is a crime show but it's a little bit more comedic than say um Law and Order and there's no law at all. It's sort of like C. S. I accept. I like it way more than C. S. I. Because all the characters are way more likable and it's about a forensic anthropologist who gets partnered with an FBI agent and they solve crimes. But
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: the twist is that the forensic anthropologists is basically not very by the book. And she's also extreme. She is a genius on the scale of just you know multiple published paper. She's also technically a millionaire novelist from writing books, but she has no social skills whatsoever. And it is all like just she views everything in this very, you know, almost speak like way oh and so she'll she'll view will cry and be looking at the bones and like missing the people and the FBI guy is more you know, people oriented and so it's a great dynamic and they have locked, it's a great crime show. So if you like crime shows, it's always creative and fun And we got like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: 10 seasons. So
SPEAKER_R: wow. 10 seasons? Oh man, I wonder if it's on netflix or hulu or something?
SPEAKER_L: I think it might be on Hulu or amazon Prime
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I I both know, so that would be great. Thank you. That's a good recommendation, so
SPEAKER_L: 1st season is pretty good, it gets better from there, so.
SPEAKER_R: okay, so don't be discouraged if it's a little slow in the beginning or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I I like the pilot but that they definitely flesh out the characters more as the series progresses. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and do you think it's pretty well balanced when it comes to like comedy and the like scary, well not scary but uh Law is part of it or?
SPEAKER_L: it's admittedly not to law ish it's mostly more like the forensic aspect with, you know, interviewing. It's pretty, it's comedic but it's not a comedy if that makes sense. A lot of the humor comes from, you know, a kind of dark situation where the person is, where the main character temperance Brennan. Her nickname is bones or the FBI I calls her bones. Everyone else calls her Brennan. But a lot of the humor comes from the fact that she just doesn't get stuff and so it's funny but it's not like actively comedic. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: And there's a lot of relationships stuff if you're into that. To me, that was I
SPEAKER_R: got to have
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: less
SPEAKER_R: problem
SPEAKER_L: into that because there's like the FBI agent, there's obviously the tension between him and bones and then there's the lab agent who likes the facial reconstruction artist and then the FBI guy is also had a previous relationship with the head of the whole group. It gets, its not. Soap opera. Soap opera isn't the right word because it's never all that dramatic but it's like a lot to keep track of.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah well I I do like some reality television so maybe that'll translate into a little pinch of that.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay a good episode just to give like a or not not to start watching but just to describe what she's like to get aspect of her personality is there's an episode where it's revealed that Bones is dating two guys at once not because she's trying to cheat on them but one of them she has she likes the intellectual aspect was like yes he's very smart and very stimulating intellectually and the other guy is a more physical you know all that stuff and it's completely ordinary for multiple cultures in the amazon to do this. Why is everyone so upset about this
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and everyone else? No you don't do that and if you do that you have to tell them. Why do I need to tell them? What about that? They don't need to know that he knows that he's there for intellectual stimulation. No. You have to say that you are also dating someone and so it's not here trying to go behind their back. It's just her. Like what I mean haven't you read this article on you know polygamy and Amazonian and Booth just is going nuts over the Booth? Is the FBI agent just freaking out going No. And so that's the comedy. It's and that's just sort of the sub B plot while they're all trying to figure out a guy who's getting murdered or who got murdered. And what's funny is in that episode, I think the guy who got murdered was because he cheated on his wife with someone. And so both is like steve, this is what happens. Well clearly the wife just didn't have a healthy relationship with the husband. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you have to have that comedic relief in and one. Yeah. Yeah I guess yeah there isn't that much comedic relief in Law and order S. V. U.
SPEAKER_L: What better?
SPEAKER_R: But yeah with bones that sounds pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's pretty funny and then you realize
SPEAKER_R: You wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: that like
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: in one
SPEAKER_R: it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: plot twist because Bones is best friends with the facial reconstruction artist who is a very free spirit and a painter and just a a much more open individual. And it's revealed one episode that was like oh yeah the best selling novels. I would write all the um you know the stuff about you know the and the Glandular did it, did it uh and then she would we would read it and Angela that's her friend and she was like oh yeah you should put a sex scene there and I was like oh sure how would I do that? Yeah that and then Bones gives me like a huge check as a thank you and she no one had any idea that Bones didn't didn't do that stuff. She was doing all the science and then Angela's like yeah you should you know maybe have them say that they like each other here. Oh yeah sure. Wait why would I do that? They like each other? Good point.
SPEAKER_R: Ah There you go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's really fun from a character standpoint. It's a very character driven show.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. Yeah I like character driven shows. I mean a lot of people I guess with Law and Order like they will just watch one. I mean you could just watch one episode randomly. Doesn't really matter on television but if you do watch it all the way through you do see that character development very slowly but it's there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but Bones is similar in like the later seasons the relationships get more like cemented so you can watch random episodes but there is a clear arc so I didn't actually watch much of the last season so I can't speak on the last season. But
SPEAKER_R: But, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh excuse me. Eight I can vouch is really good.
SPEAKER_R: Oh good. Okay. It sounds like it must be really popular since its 10 seasons.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Have you seen N. C. I. S.
SPEAKER_R: No I haven't seen N. C. I. S. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no one is also pretty good. Um It's kind of disappointing because like one of the main characters was that there was like a controversy around him for just being kind of a creeper in real life which was disappointing. But that one is also a good show. It's also character not I don't like it nearly as much as Bones but if you like the whole crime thing N. C. I. S. And Bones are also great crime shows.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I'll check out both of them I think I'll check out balance first.
SPEAKER_L: That's the that's another one With NCS is unlike its 15th season or something. It's nuts.
SPEAKER_R: Whoa. Oh my gosh there.
SPEAKER_L: And I think it's been like two main characters left from the original pipe from the first season. They switched out characters. But Yeah bones is the best one. The hands
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: down.
SPEAKER_R: Excellent. Alright. I'm excited to look into that one. Yeah because I mean I don't really have a T. V. Show to go to right now. I think the last one that I had was a handmaid's Tale um was really good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I watched that it seemed too depressing for me. I try to avoid depressing stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty depressing especially as a woman. Yeah so uh but it was very like interesting and like also kind of empowering your certain points. Um
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: So yeah I mean definitely informational as well like you know you don't want to get to that kind of future. What was that your pop
SPEAKER_L: Yeah now scouts say hi. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: High. What kind of dog is? Scout?
SPEAKER_L: well she's a black lab. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: cute. Yeah. Boy or girl.
SPEAKER_L: girl two girls.
SPEAKER_R: I want to girls. Oh you have a second dog.
SPEAKER_L: Reagan's on the ground right now just Yes, you heard your name? Yes you
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: did you?
SPEAKER_R: what kind of dog is Reagan?
SPEAKER_L: She's a yellow lab.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so two lads. Yeah I have two german shepherds. Uh
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and actually we got them in sacramento.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's not cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we got them at the oh man what's it called Ian what was the shelter? We got Bradshaw Bradshaw shelter. Yeah so uh we we got one the we have to so one is a miniature german shepherd and one is a regular german shepherd. Um So we got the regular one when she was about 1.5 and now she is about to turn four and then a year later after we got her we decided to go back and get another dog. So we found the miniature one And um yeah he's going to turn to in a couple of weeks, so yeah, so they're they're good dogs. Um there named uni for university and Cali for California. So yeah, Callie
SPEAKER_L: you don't,
SPEAKER_R: came that name, but then we're like, well, if we're going to be, you see, people will just do you need for university.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: wonderful
SPEAKER_R: yeah, now we have a theme, so the next one might be Davis or santa barbara, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: as a fan of legal stuff that legal, have you seen the movie? My cousin Vinny
SPEAKER_R: No, I actually haven't. Is that a good one,
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, definite comedy was one of the best if
SPEAKER_R: martin?
SPEAKER_L: you have any interest in illegal stuff whatsoever. It is, I believe the actress Marisa Tomei who now plays Aunt May and Spider man won an Oscar for it for best supporting actress and is one oh it is so good. It is actually shown in law school Because of how accurate it is, it's not 100% but compared to a lot of things like not trying to call up but compared to something like law and order, which sometimes is a little bit Fuzzy. Legal speaking, that's no bad thing. But this is like almost completely straightforward talking about disclosure and
SPEAKER_R: One,
SPEAKER_L: shooting Men's Raya. Okay, not meant, but yeah, that sort of stuff. Just all the it is such a good movie. It's like an annual watch in our family.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool. Okay, so my cousin Vinny and Bones. Gotcha, so
SPEAKER_L: The plot is these two kids go to Alabama and they go to a store and accidentally shoplift a can of beans and right after another group of people go into the same store and murder the clerk. But the first group gets pulled over by the police because it's not really spoiler. The spoiler isn't who done it. It's just, well they get off on but they have the same car and so the police like, you know, we know what you did and they take them in and they think they're getting hustled over stealing a can of beans and yes, we did it. We admit it, we're really sorry, you know, it was just kind of a spur of the moment thing, we didn't really think about it, it was almost accidental and the police think they're getting a confession for for murder.
SPEAKER_R: Murder. Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: And so then because they can't afford a lawyer, one of the kids has a cousin in new york named Vinny who he calls him to be their defense attorney. It's his first ever case out of law school or he's like in his late thirties or something because it took multiple times to get there and he's in a very traditional Alabama town with the good old boy judge who does not appreciate all of these new york shenanigans and the casual, you know the guy comes dressed in leathers like Mr Gamberini, will you please stand up wearing that disgrace in my courtroom? It's the suit tomorrow you will be you know, back in this courtroom wearing a proper outfit or I will hold you in contempt of court
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: and it is so good. It
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: sounds really good. Yeah, I'll definitely look that one up, so I should write these down actually. Okay, so we said bones and CIA's and then my cousin Vinny
SPEAKER_L: yes. V. I N N. Y.
SPEAKER_R: then why? Okay, and uh do you recommend the psych movie that that recently came out or you didn't see that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one?
SPEAKER_L: haven't seen it unfortunately I recommend the show if you haven't seen it because that's one of the best shows.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen parts of it and um just like an occasional episode but yeah, I get really good things about it.
SPEAKER_L: The pilot is incredibly strong. It is like what? You know a lot of times you watch a pilot for a show and then be like okay was our psychic one of the best pilots.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, maybe I should rewatch that one too. Yes, like again.
SPEAKER_L: This is my talent as a film. Major. It's just like you should watch this movie and this movie and this movie and that's all they do
SPEAKER_R: there should be like yeah, I mean you're the algorithm for netflix something.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I just recommend the same 12 things for everyone.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, what's your number one movie that you always recommend to?
SPEAKER_L: Zootopia.
SPEAKER_R: I love Zootopia, I just
SPEAKER_L: Still
SPEAKER_R: bought
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: that one
SPEAKER_L: They need to make a sequel.
SPEAKER_R: agreed, yep, yep, judy Hopps
SPEAKER_L: I'm also concerned if they make a sequel because they made a sequel to Ralph breaks the Internet and I kind of hated it. Or they made a sequel to wreck it. Ralph called Ralph breaks the Internet and that was
SPEAKER_R: I could see that one.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no, no, no, no.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Is there a sequel that you think they did it right or that you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like?
SPEAKER_L: trying to Disney doesn't do a ton of Sequels anymore.
SPEAKER_R: That's true, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No, let's think. I mean technically Star Wars as a sequel.
SPEAKER_R: true, very
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: like The Last Jet. I I am on the side of who, who thought it was awesome. So Disney did make that a sequel. So I'll say Last Jet. I was okay. It was the best. But uh do anything. What is the last Disney sequel that they made for a movie? Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: Because there's all the directive video ones that came out and like the thousands like move on to and oxen, the hound to brother Bear two.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of cars, movies like
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I forgot those even
SPEAKER_R: Finding
SPEAKER_L: existed.
SPEAKER_R: Dory was actually really good. I I like that one.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't actually see it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, you got to see it. Finding Dory
SPEAKER_L: I will look in today. I want to it's just it's been on, I still need to see frozen two and onward. I'm very behind on my Disney.
SPEAKER_R: onward was very good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard good things about that one because apparently onward has a lot of dungeons and dragons references in it supposedly. Which I'm a huge dnd fan. So Yeah. Well while I was waiting and for everything I actually, I'm reading my 3.5 D and E book.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. Are you a D. M. Or you?
SPEAKER_L: Yes I am the forever DM
SPEAKER_R: Okay, gotcha. Yeah, I've
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: then maybe.
SPEAKER_R: one campaign before.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's cool. What did you play?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I don't know what, what did we play in for the campaign? 55 E.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah yeah that's the one that I I kept. I bought this mostly for the ideas because I have no idea how the different editions work. I started with five V. So do you know what type of race or class your character was?
SPEAKER_R: Oh well I actually based my character off of linda from bob's burgers, so since I have the glasses, I just wore a red shirt and
SPEAKER_L: That's wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was just like, oh, so I had a, what was my class and race, do you remember? Ian? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: I was a human barred. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's wonderful. My first character was a half elf barred, named Al Yankovic as you put it together into our young kovac, he died horribly he
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't move.
SPEAKER_L: he was murdered by Rosie O donnell.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Oh well that is yeah, interesting. Yeah, my character I think survived, but
SPEAKER_L: Hey that's always good.
SPEAKER_R: that was great, but my character had dissociative identity disorder, which is like what they call multiple personality disorder. Um So if I rolled a one a 10 or a 25 my character would switch to Landau, which was our other friends, like our guy friend was like oh I want to play D. And D. But our campaign was already really big, so I was like oh well if I play half of a character you can be the other half. And so we just kept on like switching because
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: is chaos.
SPEAKER_R: it was yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That is so great. I ran again yesterday and I'm very excited because my players are trapped in a house that is completely booby trapped. Uh It was really funny because they was like I'm going to go up the set of stairs but first I'm going to check to make sure the bear skin rug won't come alive. And so we spent a good while going looking at the rug looking in the mouth of like nope, it's a completely ordinary rug and then took two steps on the stairs and drop through the trap door.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, that's pretty funny. Yeah, I would expect the rug to be like some sort of magical issue.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to psych them out. I had a treasure chest that was booby trapped but had nothing in it rug. Does nothing. Yeah, the stairs are invisible or not real and drop into a pit full of fire. But are you the floorboards? If you step on them cause a pillar to go down from the ceiling and crash you
SPEAKER_R: wow. Are they
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: really going to get out alive?
SPEAKER_L: probably they'll be fine. And then upstairs, there's a night that there's an armor, there's a suit of armor and next to it is a potted plant and I'm really excited for this one because the way they are going to get the stairs to work is the way to disable it is by rotating a potted plant on the, on the table. And so I'm hoping they'll be like, oh, potted plant, got it this And so they're going to think the suit of armor is going to come alive because everyone thinks the suit of armor is going to come alive. So okay, so we just turned the potted plant suit of armor is a totally normal suit of armor. The potted plant is a mimic that comes alive, we'll try to eat them,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, wow, that is clever.
SPEAKER_L: they're going to hate me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was also thinking that.
SPEAKER_L: And they're on a time crunch because the road was turned into a sloth and it's going to be a sla forever in 18 days if they don't do something
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. Oh my gosh, that sounds like a lot of fun. I mean our campaign unfortunately was like a lot of fighting because um a lot of people in our campaign were like very stoic, like not very um how do I put it? Like not very imaginative. Yeah exactly yeah so it's a little sad but you know we had as much fun as we could.
SPEAKER_L: there is a kind of fighting in this, but usually my characters aren't stoic, there just, I love them. They're idiots. They're currently, they can't go back to the town where we started the whole campaign because they accidentally burned it down twice. They burned it down once went back without thinking it was like, hey, let's revisit wolf Pine and I was like, yeah, you can do that if you want and had to change all my maps to make a new map to be burned city. Then while escaping to try to distract the guards, set the forest on fire
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: and now the forest hates them and any time they go into a forest, all the wildlife tries to kill them.
SPEAKER_R: wow. I mean it's warranted it you know it makes a lot of sense.
SPEAKER_L: and that's why they have to hurry because the road was turned into a sloth and they were like, oh yeah, we can cure him. We have the grocery list. But then in order to like kick start things because I felt like they were just kind of dilly dallying and we're like, hey, let's just take a rest so we can heal. The, the paladin had like a near death experience getting dragged into the dirt because he was absent that day. And then I texted him and he basically had a vision from a dry add like a tree spirit except she was all blackened and burned because she was the dry read that they accidentally killed when they burn down the forest.
SPEAKER_R: Yikes.
SPEAKER_L: So like made him feel really guilty for that and then told him I have cursed your friend and you are going to have to watch him, you know stay as a sloth forever. You have 28 days to to break the spell and you'll never succeed. And so now they're really one of the players is like text me, I do not have time for the shenanigans because all the other like you know where the first ingredient is, but let's take a side track and visit this guy's house. And the other players like no, no, here's another in the house of death.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh how big is your campaign?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. It's not like a homebrew thing. It's basically me finding a module on like a three D. And D. C. I mean like this seems interesting. I'm finding a way to we've sounds way to articulate, its not like flawlessly woven in. It's more like taking a needle and stitching it into the side. I mean like hey just go this way now, it's big ish. They're about to go to the face while and I'm terrified because I have no idea what to do for that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. So you gotta prep, Oh wow. You have a lot of like writing assignments to do you know? But all of it is at least related to you know the story telling and what, yeah I actually heard the other day that um a lot of screenwriters grew up playing D. And D. So I mean that's quite the correlation. I love it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a statistic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah a positive one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'm probably multiple negative ones too. But
SPEAKER_R: No that's so funny. Well, I actually have to get going. Um, I have a meeting coming up, but it was really nice meeting. You
SPEAKER_L: It was really nice meeting you to think
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: this was fun. Good luck meeting. And or uh with the shows if you watch them,
SPEAKER_R: Yes. So I'll definitely watch. Yeah. Thank
SPEAKER_L: I hope
SPEAKER_R: you so
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: enjoy
SPEAKER_R: for recommendations.
SPEAKER_L: them. Where?
SPEAKER_R: All right, well, have a good one.