Good how are you?
My name's Courtney.
Nice to meet you too. Where are you? A J.
Oh sorry where in California?
Oh yeah me too. I'm actually in santa barbara.
Oh wow. Yeah I I went to U. C. Davis for college so. Right.
Um Now it's it's actually okay. Um Yeah I mean I'm sure it's a lot worse
for you since Vacaville is you know right there? Um
Really bad. Yeah same. Uh Yeah over the weekend it was about I think it was like unhealthy for sensitive groups but it didn't reach that like unhealthy status so I think it was fine.
Yeah especially with the pandemic to like, yeah. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Well in California I guess a lot more we were living the good life for too long. Need to humble us. Oh sorry I live right next to an airport so you might hear some planes over
red.
So what are you are you still in school or?
well, congrats, that's
Oh my gosh, that is so cool. So what are you going to graduate school for
screenwriting? Oh wow. And where are you going?
Nice. Very very cool.
Yeah, I'm a graduate student actually right now
for cognitive neuroscience, so I'm at UCSB here and um yeah it's a lot of fun. I'm only in my second year, but you know, I just got the course work out of the way and now I'm gonna do my research and whatnot.
Yeah. Oh yeah, also I have dogs, you might hear them.
Oh cute. Um so I'm interested in eyewitness testimony. Uh and so memory specifically for like autobiographical events. So you know just like how you would write a screen screenplay or something like that, you know? But with your memory.
Yeah, so just trying to see like how we can improve people's memory and you know, especially for like traumatic sort of experiences um uh or negative experiences in general, like how to make it more accurate. So when you go to court or you know speak with a counselor you can B.
S.
exactly exactly.
Oh yeah. So you're a comedy screenwriter?
you
have like
favorite
show or that you lost them?
Oh yes. Leslie knope.
Yeah I could definitely see that and I think a lot of jokes in the Office and may have not aged well. Yeah. So um but at the time I mean I remember watching The Office when it was coming out and it was funny and everything but that was when I.
man. Well what if you were to take something that wasn't a comedy and like kind of turn it into one? Is that allowed or?
Uh that's,
yeah I've heard that's a really good show. My my fiance watched all of it and he said that he really liked it.
mm. Yeah the back story and everything. Yeah.
Well they did actually do a movie recently. Um
Hadn't,
yeah maybe you could do an extension of that movie or something.
Yeah. Yeah exactly. Well that sounds like a really fun assignment.
Yeah that one might actually even end up being more like easier for you than this one.
that's so cool. What's the general idea of your rough draft?
Oh my gosh wow and that that's true
that's
wow that's terrible.
Oh very funny. But yeah very terrible. So are you writing something along those lines or
That's really cool, wow. That's really creative to I mean I would never thought the CIA assignments.
I
don't
want
you.
Um was it based on an english show or?
Yeah I guess a little costly. Oh jeez.
Yeah maybe yeah you have to use it for your courses, who knows? Yeah.
Oh definitely watch movies. Um But I'm more of a television person to be honest. Like I so during this pandemic I've spent most of the time watching law and order special victims unit, so I watched all 21 seasons I believe
like yeah from start to finish so I'm very proud of that. Thank you thank you. And um what else that I've been watching? Oh just like here and there. Netflix shows that come up as new or movies that are new on netflix but yeah I think yeah I'm definitely more into like the crime kind of stuff, but I mean I do love comedy as well. Um Let's see you. What's my favorite comedy?
No I haven't. Some bones. Yeah. Is that
what's it about?
Who?
I'm
wow. 10 seasons? Oh man, I wonder if it's on netflix or hulu or something?
Okay. Yeah I I both know, so that would be great. Thank you. That's a good recommendation, so
okay, so don't be discouraged if it's a little slow in the beginning or? Yeah.
and do you think it's pretty well balanced when it comes to like comedy and the like scary, well not scary but uh Law is part of it or?
Oh that's so cool.
got to have
the
problem
Yeah. Yeah well I I do like some reality television so maybe that'll translate into a little pinch of that.
All
you have to have that comedic relief in and one. Yeah. Yeah I guess yeah there isn't that much comedic relief in Law and order S. V. U.
But yeah with bones that sounds pretty good.
You wouldn't
know
it. Mhm.
Ah There you go.
Oh that's cool. Yeah I like character driven shows. I mean a lot of people I guess with Law and Order like they will just watch one. I mean you could just watch one episode randomly. Doesn't really matter on television but if you do watch it all the way through you do see that character development very slowly but it's there.
But, yeah.
Oh good. Okay. It sounds like it must be really popular since its 10 seasons.
No I haven't seen N. C. I. S. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah I'll check out both of them I think I'll check out balance first.
Whoa. Oh my gosh there.
What?
Excellent. Alright. I'm excited to look into that one. Yeah because I mean I don't really have a T. V. Show to go to right now. I think the last one that I had was a handmaid's Tale um was really good. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty depressing especially as a woman. Yeah so uh but it was very like interesting and like also kind of empowering your certain points. Um
So yeah I mean definitely informational as well like you know you don't want to get to that kind of future. What was that your pop
High. What kind of dog is? Scout?
cute. Yeah. Boy or girl.
I want to girls. Oh you have a second dog.
And
what kind of dog is Reagan?
Okay so two lads. Yeah I have two german shepherds. Uh
Yeah and actually we got them in sacramento.
Yeah we got them at the oh man what's it called Ian what was the shelter? We got Bradshaw Bradshaw shelter. Yeah so uh we we got one the we have to so one is a miniature german shepherd and one is a regular german shepherd. Um So we got the regular one when she was about 1.5 and now she is about to turn four and then a year later after we got her we decided to go back and get another dog. So we found the miniature one And um yeah he's going to turn to in a couple of weeks, so yeah, so they're they're good dogs. Um there named uni for university and Cali for California. So yeah, Callie
came that name, but then we're like, well, if we're going to be, you see, people will just do you need for university.
So
yeah, now we have a theme, so the next one might be Davis or santa barbara, I don't know.
No, I actually haven't. Is that a good one,
martin?
One,
Oh, cool. Okay, so my cousin Vinny and Bones. Gotcha, so
Murder. Oh my gosh,
Oh my gosh,
that
sounds really good. Yeah, I'll definitely look that one up, so I should write these down actually. Okay, so we said bones and CIA's and then my cousin Vinny
then why? Okay, and uh do you recommend the psych movie that that recently came out or you didn't see that
one?
I've seen parts of it and um just like an occasional episode but yeah, I get really good things about it.
Okay, maybe I should rewatch that one too. Yes, like again.
there should be like yeah, I mean you're the algorithm for netflix something.
Oh yeah, what's your number one movie that you always recommend to?
I love Zootopia, I just
bought
that one
agreed, yep, yep, judy Hopps
I could see that one.
Mm Is there a sequel that you think they did it right or that you
like?
That's true, Yeah,
true, very
true.
I don't know
a lot of cars, movies like
Finding
Dory was actually really good. I I like that one.
Oh no, you got to see it. Finding Dory
onward was very good. Yeah.
Oh nice. Are you a D. M. Or you?
Okay, gotcha. Yeah, I've
only
one campaign before.
Uh I don't know what, what did we play in for the campaign? 55 E.
Oh well I actually based my character off of linda from bob's burgers, so since I have the glasses, I just wore a red shirt and
yeah, I was just like, oh, so I had a, what was my class and race, do you remember? Ian? Oh,
I was a human barred. Okay.
I
wouldn't move.
Really? Oh well that is yeah, interesting. Yeah, my character I think survived, but
that was great, but my character had dissociative identity disorder, which is like what they call multiple personality disorder. Um So if I rolled a one a 10 or a 25 my character would switch to Landau, which was our other friends, like our guy friend was like oh I want to play D. And D. But our campaign was already really big, so I was like oh well if I play half of a character you can be the other half. And so we just kept on like switching because
of the
it was yeah.
Oh no, that's pretty funny. Yeah, I would expect the rug to be like some sort of magical issue.
wow. Are they
really going to get out alive?
Oh my gosh, wow, that is clever.
Yeah, I was also thinking that.
Oh no. Oh my gosh, that sounds like a lot of fun. I mean our campaign unfortunately was like a lot of fighting because um a lot of people in our campaign were like very stoic, like not very um how do I put it? Like not very imaginative. Yeah exactly yeah so it's a little sad but you know we had as much fun as we could.
No
wow. I mean it's warranted it you know it makes a lot of sense.
Yikes.
Oh my gosh how big is your campaign?
Oh no. So you gotta prep, Oh wow. You have a lot of like writing assignments to do you know? But all of it is at least related to you know the story telling and what, yeah I actually heard the other day that um a lot of screenwriters grew up playing D. And D. So I mean that's quite the correlation. I love it.
Yeah a positive one.
No that's so funny. Well, I actually have to get going. Um, I have a meeting coming up, but it was really nice meeting. You
what?
Yes. So I'll definitely watch. Yeah. Thank
you so
much
for recommendations.
All right, well, have a good one.