Hello. Here I am just a minute early to make sure that the computers all working thankfully it is. And fingers crossed. Have person show up. Yeah, possible. Yeah. Just up until Yeah. Yeah. That secrets. Here we are. 1:00, fingers crossed. This doesn't prove it on. Hello, How are you?
Something? Well, thank you.
My name is a j Nice to meet you.
I am in California and also a constant state of denial.
In a constant state of denial.
Oh cool. I'm in sacramento, so.
Uh I I went to Arizona State online, so how smoky is it for you right now?
And
it's better today, but the last few days it's been really? Yeah.
I generally just stay inside anyway, so it's but yeah,
pandemic and then wildfires, it's just like the universe is mad at all of us.
Oh no worries. That's
kind of cool. Probably not going to sleep though. That's got to be. Yeah. Thank you.
I graduated like six months ago or seven months ago.
Thank you. But I'm now trying to get into graduate school or I got into graduate school and that starts in like a month. So
mom screenwriting. So
U. C. L. A. Online.
How about you? What have you graduated? Are you in college or
well Cool. For what?
That's really cool. What are you um researching like is it a paper or something?
no no I I got a dog great right off screen laying down.
It's really cool.
to
test high it's as accurate as possible. Oh
that's really interesting. I just write like funny phrases and hope that people laugh.
Hopefully. And
that's
what I
did.
Favorite show was Parks in rack
not much after. That is really compared, I've heard the office was good but I couldn't get into it. It just it's a different kind of humor than parks and rec which is a lot more positive and offices a lot more negative.
It's funny as I have to write a screenplay for the class. I have to find a current running tv show and write a comedy screenplay for it. And the problem is there are really bad. I've been trying to find a show and there hasn't been any, all the current running comedies are not things I watch common.
I don't think so. Unfortunately it has to be like an active comedy of
any minute or 21 minutes and so all the shows there's like archer which I'm not a fan of, it's always sunny in philadelphia. Um all the really negative depressing ones that are just like everyone is horrible. Like no, I want something happy and one of my tribe Brooklyn 99 So I'm trying that
It's like eight seasons in which that's what it's like to know all the characters and write an episode.
they need to reboot psych. If they reboot psych then it'll be great on that show.
I haven't
seen that yet. I've been meeting.
Maybe it all depends on the teachers. They could be cool. They could be, you know, very you know, traditional.
We'll see your fingers crossed the early honor of Egypt and then I have to write my own original screenplay so that's going to be fun.
I I'm the person who in school is always trying to do the um you know, get everything done in advance. I already have a rough draft written that I'm gonna try to work on. So when it finally happens, like I'm done. Yeah.
The concept is a comedy show sort of like twilight zone where each one is sort of episodic but set in the 1960s in the United States during the Cold War following a bunch of the CIA and the different operations they do when the twist is, they are all based on true stories. The CIA funded some really dumb stuff went during the Cold War. So like one of the pilot episode is about real name operation, acoustic kitty. Oh, Which was they adopted a cat and then implanted um microphones into the cat and sent it over to a Russian embassy to try to spy on them because no one's gonna think the cat is wired to like get radio signals. It made it 50 ft and was hit by a car.
That
is all true. And it costs the taxpayers $20 million.
It's terrible. But kind of funny.
Yeah. And then my other research has been trying to look up other interesting CIA assignments that were either pitched or actually worked on because I'm willing to like fudge it a little and be like, okay, this was an actual pitch that didn't get green lit. But the fact that it got this far is already, you know. Mhm.
You're hoping your pans out then I like the old gets or not the show. I haven't seen much of the show, but I liked the movie Get Smart because it was a fun movie and
so I'm
hoping
it
will be in that vein, which I know was based on a show which is really hard to find copies of. Well
One thing, it was an English. I was just to show that now it's like you have to pay $4 apiece to watch on Amazon or something Episode. Which 1? I Want to Watch? A Bunch of Episodes.
Where is this tax deductible? Well thanks
let's see. What sort of movies do you watch or if you watch any.
Out.
Have you seen Bones The T. V. Show?
it's really good.
Um It is a crime show but it's a little bit more comedic than say um Law and Order and there's no law at all. It's sort of like C. S. I accept. I like it way more than C. S. I. Because all the characters are way more likable and it's about a forensic anthropologist who gets partnered with an FBI agent and they solve crimes. But
the twist is that the forensic anthropologists is basically not very by the book. And she's also extreme. She is a genius on the scale of just you know multiple published paper. She's also technically a millionaire novelist from writing books, but she has no social skills whatsoever. And it is all like just she views everything in this very, you know, almost speak like way oh and so she'll she'll view will cry and be looking at the bones and like missing the people and the FBI guy is more you know, people oriented and so it's a great dynamic and they have locked, it's a great crime show. So if you like crime shows, it's always creative and fun And we got like
10 seasons. So
I think it might be on Hulu or amazon Prime
1st season is pretty good, it gets better from there, so.
I I like the pilot but that they definitely flesh out the characters more as the series progresses. Yeah,
it's admittedly not to law ish it's mostly more like the forensic aspect with, you know, interviewing. It's pretty, it's comedic but it's not a comedy if that makes sense. A lot of the humor comes from, you know, a kind of dark situation where the person is, where the main character temperance Brennan. Her nickname is bones or the FBI I calls her bones. Everyone else calls her Brennan. But a lot of the humor comes from the fact that she just doesn't get stuff and so it's funny but it's not like actively comedic. Mhm.
And there's a lot of relationships stuff if you're into that. To me, that was I
was
less
into that because there's like the FBI agent, there's obviously the tension between him and bones and then there's the lab agent who likes the facial reconstruction artist and then the FBI guy is also had a previous relationship with the head of the whole group. It gets, its not. Soap opera. Soap opera isn't the right word because it's never all that dramatic but it's like a lot to keep track of.
Mhm. Okay a good episode just to give like a or not not to start watching but just to describe what she's like to get aspect of her personality is there's an episode where it's revealed that Bones is dating two guys at once not because she's trying to cheat on them but one of them she has she likes the intellectual aspect was like yes he's very smart and very stimulating intellectually and the other guy is a more physical you know all that stuff and it's completely ordinary for multiple cultures in the amazon to do this. Why is everyone so upset about this
and everyone else? No you don't do that and if you do that you have to tell them. Why do I need to tell them? What about that? They don't need to know that he knows that he's there for intellectual stimulation. No. You have to say that you are also dating someone and so it's not here trying to go behind their back. It's just her. Like what I mean haven't you read this article on you know polygamy and Amazonian and Booth just is going nuts over the Booth? Is the FBI agent just freaking out going No. And so that's the comedy. It's and that's just sort of the sub B plot while they're all trying to figure out a guy who's getting murdered or who got murdered. And what's funny is in that episode, I think the guy who got murdered was because he cheated on his wife with someone. And so both is like steve, this is what happens. Well clearly the wife just didn't have a healthy relationship with the husband. Yeah.
What better?
Yeah. It's pretty funny and then you realize
that like
in one
plot twist because Bones is best friends with the facial reconstruction artist who is a very free spirit and a painter and just a a much more open individual. And it's revealed one episode that was like oh yeah the best selling novels. I would write all the um you know the stuff about you know the and the Glandular did it, did it uh and then she would we would read it and Angela that's her friend and she was like oh yeah you should put a sex scene there and I was like oh sure how would I do that? Yeah that and then Bones gives me like a huge check as a thank you and she no one had any idea that Bones didn't didn't do that stuff. She was doing all the science and then Angela's like yeah you should you know maybe have them say that they like each other here. Oh yeah sure. Wait why would I do that? They like each other? Good point.
Yeah it's really fun from a character standpoint. It's a very character driven show.
Yeah but Bones is similar in like the later seasons the relationships get more like cemented so you can watch random episodes but there is a clear arc so I didn't actually watch much of the last season so I can't speak on the last season. But
uh excuse me. Eight I can vouch is really good.
Mhm. Have you seen N. C. I. S.
no one is also pretty good. Um It's kind of disappointing because like one of the main characters was that there was like a controversy around him for just being kind of a creeper in real life which was disappointing. But that one is also a good show. It's also character not I don't like it nearly as much as Bones but if you like the whole crime thing N. C. I. S. And Bones are also great crime shows.
That's the that's another one With NCS is unlike its 15th season or something. It's nuts.
And I think it's been like two main characters left from the original pipe from the first season. They switched out characters. But Yeah bones is the best one. The hands
down.
I watched that it seemed too depressing for me. I try to avoid depressing stuff.
But
Yeah now scouts say hi. Yeah
well she's a black lab. Yeah
girl two girls.
Reagan's on the ground right now just Yes, you heard your name? Yes you
did you?
She's a yellow lab.
huh
Oh that's not cool.
you don't,
that's
wonderful
as a fan of legal stuff that legal, have you seen the movie? My cousin Vinny
oh yeah, definite comedy was one of the best if
you have any interest in illegal stuff whatsoever. It is, I believe the actress Marisa Tomei who now plays Aunt May and Spider man won an Oscar for it for best supporting actress and is one oh it is so good. It is actually shown in law school Because of how accurate it is, it's not 100% but compared to a lot of things like not trying to call up but compared to something like law and order, which sometimes is a little bit Fuzzy. Legal speaking, that's no bad thing. But this is like almost completely straightforward talking about disclosure and
shooting Men's Raya. Okay, not meant, but yeah, that sort of stuff. Just all the it is such a good movie. It's like an annual watch in our family.
The plot is these two kids go to Alabama and they go to a store and accidentally shoplift a can of beans and right after another group of people go into the same store and murder the clerk. But the first group gets pulled over by the police because it's not really spoiler. The spoiler isn't who done it. It's just, well they get off on but they have the same car and so the police like, you know, we know what you did and they take them in and they think they're getting hustled over stealing a can of beans and yes, we did it. We admit it, we're really sorry, you know, it was just kind of a spur of the moment thing, we didn't really think about it, it was almost accidental and the police think they're getting a confession for for murder.
And so then because they can't afford a lawyer, one of the kids has a cousin in new york named Vinny who he calls him to be their defense attorney. It's his first ever case out of law school or he's like in his late thirties or something because it took multiple times to get there and he's in a very traditional Alabama town with the good old boy judge who does not appreciate all of these new york shenanigans and the casual, you know the guy comes dressed in leathers like Mr Gamberini, will you please stand up wearing that disgrace in my courtroom? It's the suit tomorrow you will be you know, back in this courtroom wearing a proper outfit or I will hold you in contempt of court
and it is so good. It
is
yes. V. I N N. Y.
I
haven't seen it unfortunately I recommend the show if you haven't seen it because that's one of the best shows.
The pilot is incredibly strong. It is like what? You know a lot of times you watch a pilot for a show and then be like okay was our psychic one of the best pilots.
This is my talent as a film. Major. It's just like you should watch this movie and this movie and this movie and that's all they do
Yes. I just recommend the same 12 things for everyone.
Zootopia.
Still
good.
They need to make a sequel.
I'm also concerned if they make a sequel because they made a sequel to Ralph breaks the Internet and I kind of hated it. Or they made a sequel to wreck it. Ralph called Ralph breaks the Internet and that was
no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm
trying to Disney doesn't do a ton of Sequels anymore.
No, let's think. I mean technically Star Wars as a sequel.
I
like The Last Jet. I I am on the side of who, who thought it was awesome. So Disney did make that a sequel. So I'll say Last Jet. I was okay. It was the best. But uh do anything. What is the last Disney sequel that they made for a movie? Yeah, yeah,
Because there's all the directive video ones that came out and like the thousands like move on to and oxen, the hound to brother Bear two.
yeah, I forgot those even
existed.
I didn't actually see it.
I will look in today. I want to it's just it's been on, I still need to see frozen two and onward. I'm very behind on my Disney.
I've heard good things about that one because apparently onward has a lot of dungeons and dragons references in it supposedly. Which I'm a huge dnd fan. So Yeah. Well while I was waiting and for everything I actually, I'm reading my 3.5 D and E book.
Yes I am the forever DM
and
then maybe.
Oh it's cool. What did you play?
Oh yeah, yeah yeah that's the one that I I kept. I bought this mostly for the ideas because I have no idea how the different editions work. I started with five V. So do you know what type of race or class your character was?
That's wonderful.
Of
that's wonderful. My first character was a half elf barred, named Al Yankovic as you put it together into our young kovac, he died horribly he
was
he was murdered by Rosie O donnell.
Hey that's always good.
That
is chaos.
That is so great. I ran again yesterday and I'm very excited because my players are trapped in a house that is completely booby trapped. Uh It was really funny because they was like I'm going to go up the set of stairs but first I'm going to check to make sure the bear skin rug won't come alive. And so we spent a good while going looking at the rug looking in the mouth of like nope, it's a completely ordinary rug and then took two steps on the stairs and drop through the trap door.
I'm trying to psych them out. I had a treasure chest that was booby trapped but had nothing in it rug. Does nothing. Yeah, the stairs are invisible or not real and drop into a pit full of fire. But are you the floorboards? If you step on them cause a pillar to go down from the ceiling and crash you
and
probably they'll be fine. And then upstairs, there's a night that there's an armor, there's a suit of armor and next to it is a potted plant and I'm really excited for this one because the way they are going to get the stairs to work is the way to disable it is by rotating a potted plant on the, on the table. And so I'm hoping they'll be like, oh, potted plant, got it this And so they're going to think the suit of armor is going to come alive because everyone thinks the suit of armor is going to come alive. So okay, so we just turned the potted plant suit of armor is a totally normal suit of armor. The potted plant is a mimic that comes alive, we'll try to eat them,
they're going to hate me
And they're on a time crunch because the road was turned into a sloth and it's going to be a sla forever in 18 days if they don't do something
there is a kind of fighting in this, but usually my characters aren't stoic, there just, I love them. They're idiots. They're currently, they can't go back to the town where we started the whole campaign because they accidentally burned it down twice. They burned it down once went back without thinking it was like, hey, let's revisit wolf Pine and I was like, yeah, you can do that if you want and had to change all my maps to make a new map to be burned city. Then while escaping to try to distract the guards, set the forest on fire
and now the forest hates them and any time they go into a forest, all the wildlife tries to kill them.
and that's why they have to hurry because the road was turned into a sloth and they were like, oh yeah, we can cure him. We have the grocery list. But then in order to like kick start things because I felt like they were just kind of dilly dallying and we're like, hey, let's just take a rest so we can heal. The, the paladin had like a near death experience getting dragged into the dirt because he was absent that day. And then I texted him and he basically had a vision from a dry add like a tree spirit except she was all blackened and burned because she was the dry read that they accidentally killed when they burn down the forest.
So like made him feel really guilty for that and then told him I have cursed your friend and you are going to have to watch him, you know stay as a sloth forever. You have 28 days to to break the spell and you'll never succeed. And so now they're really one of the players is like text me, I do not have time for the shenanigans because all the other like you know where the first ingredient is, but let's take a side track and visit this guy's house. And the other players like no, no, here's another in the house of death.
I don't know. It's not like a homebrew thing. It's basically me finding a module on like a three D. And D. C. I mean like this seems interesting. I'm finding a way to we've sounds way to articulate, its not like flawlessly woven in. It's more like taking a needle and stitching it into the side. I mean like hey just go this way now, it's big ish. They're about to go to the face while and I'm terrified because I have no idea what to do for that.
I'm a statistic.
Yeah. So I'm probably multiple negative ones too. But
It was really nice meeting you to think
this was fun. Good luck meeting. And or uh with the shows if you watch them,
I hope
you
enjoy
them. Where?