SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Quick. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: I my
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: name Yeah, my name is Carol. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you, Sophia. Um How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing all right today. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good, pretty good. Um I just got out of class. I'm a university student.
SPEAKER_L: Ls what are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: I am studying brain and cognitive science. So. Brand stuff.
SPEAKER_L: And that doesn't surprise me. We're meeting in a research study and or studying that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My my connections into uh prolific are fairly obvious. Um What about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in my freshman year. I'm finishing up my basics right now. So I'm thinking I'm still trying to figure out like what I want to do. But I'm thinking either something um somewhere in the medical field or something to do with like psychology or no science or something like
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: that. Not surprising. I'm on here either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um that sounds really cool. I can differently relate to not knowing what you're gonna do. It took me a while to settle on the brain and I don't know what I'm going to do with the brain now that I've decided on it, so
SPEAKER_L: Well, hey, the start is figuring out, you know what your interests are and what you want to do is so there are still coming with time at least that's what I told myself.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, as everyone keeps saying, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So aside from school, like what are what are your some event your interests? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's definitely board games, board games and like jigsaw puzzles is probably, I'd say The # one Hobby Right Now.
SPEAKER_L: Nine.
SPEAKER_R: And especially in quarantine. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: And here breaking
SPEAKER_R: What about you? What would you say when you're copy
SPEAKER_L: writing
SPEAKER_R: threatening?
SPEAKER_L: writing is a big one for me, me and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: my, me and my best friend co write together, we've been writing since 2013. So we've written like over I say like easily over 1000 pages. A lot of writing um we actually met interestingly in a Star Wars video game,
SPEAKER_R: Ooh,
SPEAKER_L: we met in
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Star Wars,
SPEAKER_R: weird story.
SPEAKER_L: we met in Star Wars, the Old Republic and we're both into creating like our own original characters with the new universe and stuff. So we started writing them and it's just been going ever since.
SPEAKER_R: Going on from
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that, That's cool. Yeah. Is the 1000 pages of like you guys own novel or just like that's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's set in the Star Wars universe but like all the characters and like the plot and stuff is like entirely our own um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there are there like canon characters but they kind of just appear their little, you know, background people like some of them are Jedi for instance. So like a Jedi council meeting, you know, meeting the boss is kind of stuff, but otherwise it's it's all original. So
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: it's like so it's fun there judy Seth there. Um I have one of my main characters as an imperial spy, so it's just a whole bunch of different stuff.
SPEAKER_R: that's so much fun. I love that. Do you guys posted anywhere or is it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: you guys are just writing it just to write it?
SPEAKER_L: not yet. We've, we've just been writing it to, to write it. We have like a couple of google docs. We we used to keep in one document but like the one document got too big to
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: like find
SPEAKER_R: alone,
SPEAKER_L: individual pieces like so yeah, we even started writing a another version of it. We were like, well what would what would it be like if we wrote like a modern day Earth version of it? But have
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: them have like
SPEAKER_R: eight
SPEAKER_L: super
SPEAKER_R: years.
SPEAKER_L: powers instead of the forest. So like we have a Star Wars version and we have the modern day Earth version. So
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool. I am a sucker for ultimate universes of literally anything. So um I am fairly, I not particularly in Star Wars um but I am fairly versed in the fan works fandom of just in general reading reading and not really writing myself, but definitely consuming quite a lot of fan fiction and such. So
SPEAKER_L: Me too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and I want my best friend, my roommate, she's on the other side of this wall um is also, she's a fanfic writer and it's the best thing in the universe because the night it's going to be like, hey, What if this happened and then I get complete about 24 hours and I get it in my in box. So it's, it's lovely.
SPEAKER_L: What are some of your fandoms? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: primarily um critical role, which is a uh streamed show podcast of voice actors playing DND, um it's a lot of fun. It sounds weird, especially to people who don't know what twitch is, what DND is and what voice actors are. Um but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh, it's, it's essentially improvised fantasy that you get to watch life and it's so good.
SPEAKER_L: I've never seen it. Like I know what all those terms are, but I haven't ever seen that podcast. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's, it's a, it's a lot of fun, you get attached to the actors and attached to the characters and it's, it's fun. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and I would say my other, I've been in the harry potter fandom for years and years, like since like middle school, I've been in the member of that fandom, so those would probably be my two biggest ones.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What house are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am a hardcore hufflepuff. I am just, it took me a while, like, you know when you're growing up and you're like the, I'm going to do good in school and then you're just like, so I must be a raven claw, No, no, you can, you can be off of, off and took me a while to get there. But what about you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Me. I feel like I'm kind of all over the place so I feel
SPEAKER_R: Morning.
SPEAKER_L: like I need a serene hat to tell me. But I like my first ever quiz that I did what they're like slither in and then I did the potter more sorting hat quiz and their likes leather. And so I've been like so there so it's like I like yeah, I just feel like I I don't know, I'm like there are times they were like I feel like my health issues and like depression have gotten away of like any ambition so I'm like not I've not been particularly slow there any but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can, that's understandable. I have one of my close friends um for forever, like she keeps trying to take these quizzes, right? And it's literally toss of a coin whether or not it gives her slytherin or Gryphon door, so she's just like, I don't know which one I am, so I'm just gonna keep taking them and I really it really, I think my personal theory is it's related directly to how much sleep she's head like we're running on like two hours of sleep. She's going to act a little bit more like a gryphon door then slow and but that's, I can relate to that.
SPEAKER_L: I remember reading a post one time that was talking about how it would have been interesting if like how sorting wasn't just you know once you're in Hogwarts you get the house forever kind of thing. But because people change over time, what if they resorted people every year and see what characters end up in different houses?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or even like, I've seen posts about why do they sort them when they first come in? Why don't you wait a little bit and then and see where people go? Like it would be because people do, they do change a lot. Like you start out liking one thing and then you like go through some self discovery, coming to college is like a self discovery kind of thing. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: would that I could go back to a little small Sophie and be like, hi you're actually a hufflepuff. This will explain several things to you over the coming years. Go forward with that information would be it would be nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like maybe maybe I'll end up fitting more into my celebrity nous as as time goes on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You maybe you'll grow into that, maybe you'll discover your belong in a different house. It really growth is nebulous
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and there's there's so many people on like tumbler and stuff for like I don't fit in one house that you get like the slow leather puff tag
SPEAKER_R: these
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: rooms.
SPEAKER_L: the all that type of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Which I've also I'm not sure if you've come across the primary and secondary house theory but I like it a lot. It's basically saying that you've got a primary house which is like your core morals like how you see the world around you and then your secondary house, which is how you go about interacting with the world. So like what methods you use to deal with people, how you go about trying to accomplish tasks like you can be in your heart of hearts a hufflepuff but you use all of the raven claw tools to go about and do things
SPEAKER_L: Hm.
SPEAKER_R: so that you'd be a primary hufflepuff in a secondary raven cloth. I think it's an interesting theory. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's really interesting
SPEAKER_R: And sometimes that helps solve, like people are just like, well, am
SPEAKER_L: campaign.
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I? Well they're in a raven claw, I don't know. And then you then you think about it in those terms and they're like, oh,
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: this makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I love how like so fun and a logical this is at the same time because like obviously like we're none of it because we don't go to Hogwarts, but at the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: time it's so fun to like try to like I even try to categories people in my daily life, like my best friend has never watched any of the harry potter movies or in any of the books and I'm just like she's up.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Yeah. Even just taking a step back and being like, wow, like harry potter became like such a thing that just like its people will know what you mean when you're just like, oh yeah, my roommate, she's a total gryphon door and like, you know what that means? And I mean, even to the point of like my dog, my dog is a slytherin, she's a slytherin, it's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Me
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: cleared. Um but like even going and categorizing pets, it's, yeah, it really is cool to, to sit there and think about it for a little bit. No one also kind of I guess we're relating to the fact that humans fundamentally like putting things in boxes, labels are nice, so
SPEAKER_L: We had three dogs for the longest time until two of them passed on, and I feel like one of them was this super fluffy Pomeranian who just wanted nothing more than to run around in circles with his tail wagging and lick your face and used to lie down on the ground and just do that with his paws. And there he was just a cheer later, he was just always he was always smiling. So I'm like, that dog was a hopeful pop and then my many snatcher RJ, I'm just like, he's a slither, and like, the moment you turn your back, he will, he will be strategizing ways to steal your, steal your food off your plate or run off with your slippers, or
SPEAKER_R: Or figuring out how to get into the snack cabinet and and somehow overnight consuming all the treats in the house. That's uh we've had to keep child locks in our kitchen long past when my sister or I or anywhere near Children just to keep my dog out of the pantry. She's a slithering
SPEAKER_L: Dog got ahold of like, the Christmas, Ham, one year
SPEAKER_R: Oh man, that's a story.
SPEAKER_L: came back and it was just like, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I don't, the dog can eat so much, I mean, like, my, my my sister had a bag of like, wrapped um Snickers bars in her room and she left the room and she comes back and like, pretty much the whole bag, including the rappers, is gone and he never got sick and I don't know how he like a whole bag of chocolate, but like, he was just like, got more snacks, curry.
SPEAKER_R: like just complete bottomless pits though. And uh my dog will eat practically anything, especially fruit. She loves fruit unless it's in the shape of a ball,
SPEAKER_L: Her.
SPEAKER_R: anything that is round she thinks is a toy and we'll play with it as such, but like like grapes around melon, blueberries, anything you turn into it's sort of like a whole apple. Like she eats apple slices just fine but just doesn't comprehend an apple when it's around. I don't know it's that's one way to get her to keep her from eating anything is to make sure that all the food in the house is circular.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like the only thing I figured out that my dog doesn't like to eat so far is spanish, it seems like kelly everything, but you give them spanish and he's just like,
SPEAKER_R: What's the this
SPEAKER_L: this okay, it's like you give them an easy, I mean, like, I mean, he's, he's gotten ahold of like a whole pizza before, like, he'll just, he'll just gobble everything up, but you just like, hey, you want a piece of spinach? And he's like, who
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: do you think I am? No.
SPEAKER_R: I'll eat literally anything but that I have this one rule I'm not picky but I have one rule
SPEAKER_L: like, for a while we had one of our dogs on a different type of food than the rest, and r j loved that food. He would, he try to steal his brothers food whenever he could get his paws on it. And then after that dog passed away, we ended up switching him onto the food he was liking so much. And for some reason, like, I think one day my mom gave him like some carrots or something, and the food, and he just after that, he was like, I will not eat my food unless it has extras in it. So like, daily were like, what do we have in the fridge? Okay, we got some chicken and we got some rice because we got some blueberries, like we'll just mix and random stuff into the bowl and he will, here's the slithering comes in here. Like I'll give him like um he really likes dog bones, so I'll put
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: chunks of dog bone and his food and he'll fish around the food and pick out all the dog bone and leave the rest of the kibble so that you have to come back and give him more mixing
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: so that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: he'll
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: eat.
SPEAKER_R: to get them that you get, yep. Yeah that's that seems like a thing that my dog would pull too.
SPEAKER_L: he just stands there. I mean, you'll fill his bowl and he'll just stand there and stare at you until you put the mix ins and and then he'll start. But I mean, I can be standing at the pantry for like a solid man just crossing my arms. Just what? And he'll be like, I'm not eating until I get my tree. So it's like a standoff will
SPEAKER_R: An
SPEAKER_L: just be
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: having
SPEAKER_R: stubborn hill
SPEAKER_L: we'll just have a staring contest until I break and go on the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: streets.
SPEAKER_R: don't, and they know we're gonna break so yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Once in a while I like to confuse him and leave the room instead of giving up his treats and he's just like
SPEAKER_R: what's going on and I'm not going to get treats. Is she coming back? What's going on? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And he'll just follow, he'll just followed me to my room and just feel like, nope, you didn't give me my treat so I guess I'll starve.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's a particular particularly stubborn dup. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: His his brother was just like I don't care, I'll eat anything, I'll do whatever
SPEAKER_R: Something
SPEAKER_L: you want. And he's just like no.
SPEAKER_R: you gotta, you gotta like bargain for your, if you just keep trying to haggle eventually you'll get more treats. Yeah, I'm curious what type of dogs do you have? I have the german shepherd?
SPEAKER_L: Uh many smasher. The ones we had before was we had like a golden doodle and a Pomeranian.
SPEAKER_R: not very cute. That's a place that's a nice mix. I think my family, my mother's side of the family has had exclusively german shepherds or something mixed with the german shepherd
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: for as long as I can remember, so that's that's what we had. She was a mutt of some sort, but she was most, she's mostly um german shepherd.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, our next door neighbor is used to have a german shepherd, they used to go over and play with when I was a go. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: very cute.
SPEAKER_L: I love dogs. It's like hard to imagine life without without having a dog around.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm both of my roommates are like cat people and I like, I like cats to animals in general are lovely but like I have to hardcore cat people and then I'm just like but dogs and they're just like dogs and I'm like dogs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, thoughts.
SPEAKER_L: My my best friend has two cats and one of them I swear just does not act like a cat. She you can pick her up and hold her upside down for minutes at a time, you can
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: rub her for the wrong way all over body and she'll just be purring just laying in your arms, just purring like she'll
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: come up to you and she'll jump in your lab just flip upside down and lay there and I'm just like are you are you a dog trapped in a cat's body?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah that's that's a unique cat right there. Most of the cats I know are a lot more persnickety about. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: And it's interesting because um my best friend described her as like a Tory, she's like one of those kind of black mixed with orange mixed with brown on cats. And she's so affectionate. And what's interesting is like the most um affectionate cats that I have ever known have been that same color. We have a street cat that we just call cat that is like the same coloring and she's the same way she just wants to um as long as you don't pick her up, she doesn't like being lifted up but like hold her in her lap and she'll roll upside down for you competitor Tommy and just she'll just take all the love and keep muzzling on you. And it's just like it makes me want to meet more cats of the same color to like see if it's the thing because I'm
SPEAKER_R: hopefully interested. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Here's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: wonder if you could like just like go to a shelter and be like let me look for all the cats that look like this and test my theory.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. As I haven't I haven't met a ton of cats to like be able to like really do the research but like meeting meeting those two, I was just like okay or the two most uncapped like cats that I have ever met.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, one of my one of my roommates cats, she she has two and they were siblings, they were like in the same letter um and one of them very clearly stole all of the brain cells because one of them, she's small and like angry and like borderline diabolical, like she like she has it out for my roommate. Like she did not like my roommate, she's her mother's cat. Um And then the other one, her brother is just like nothing behind his eyes, complete dumb ass. Like there's there's no brain cells in his brain. He's pretty and he's large and he's just kind of completely numb. So it's it's a fun dynamic between the two. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: it's always it's always interesting hearing stories from her house. So guess what the cats did today?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, things have been pretty chill around here with the dog lately, he's just like he's he seems happy just as long as he gets his um a couple of times daily chase around the house, so like he'll just come in my room when I'm studying and he'll just like grab my slipper lately. It's really funny because he's a snatcher and I have snatcher slippers, he'll come in and grab the snatcher out of all my shoes and he'll just start running around the living room with the snatcher in his mouth, so like I'm chasing him
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: down trying to get my slipper back. Um he's got these um
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: dinosaur toys that he likes to play with, so like um it's so fun to like lay out the toys in a row and just be like okay which one are we playing with today? And he'll like look at all of them and he'll just and then he'll pick one of the dinosaurs so it's like it's always fun to try and guess. Okay is it going to be purple or pink today? He's got he's got so many
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: toys
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it works to my dog. Yeah, if it were up to my dog, like if you line out all the toys like that, you should not pick one. But more likely she's going to pick like three or four and try to fit them into her mouth at once. And it never works. But she tried every time because she's just like she's she'll pick one up and she'll carry it over to the other one that she wants and then she'll try to pick them up together, carried over to a third one. And then eventually she gets to the point where she can't carry them all and then she started kicking them around like soccer style trying to get them all in one place and then you're just like what's the point of this? We can't play with all limit once. Do you want me to juggle them? Like what's the point here? Yeah she's she's indecisive in that way.
SPEAKER_L: Maybe she wants to get like half of them in her mouth and she wants you to pick up the other half.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then we can all just like trade I guess. Like you can't even do a proper fetch if you have five in your mouth and I have four more in my arms. This is not, this is not gonna work.
SPEAKER_L: I feel I feel like my dog with like his picking like three at most to play with one at a time would be looking at her like what's she doing? What you
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: peace.
SPEAKER_L: bro? Like you can only hold one, what are you doing? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she didn't, I mean, I would assume she understands the concept because she'll play fetch just fine. She just is stubborn enough to want to play with all of them at once. So
SPEAKER_L: My dog's conflict seems to be like um I like to confuse him a bit, I'll grab his two favorite toys and I'll throw one right and I'll throw one left and he'll just be standing there like can't
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: same,
SPEAKER_R: do I like more?
SPEAKER_L: they're the two favorites. He he'll he'll end up I think um if I start going in one direction he'll kind of follow me but or he'll like um it seems like he's pretty good at rotating them so it's just like sometimes he'll take off one way on his own but other times they're just interests me standing there. Just yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Where do I go?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know which one, I'm just like
SPEAKER_R: that's mood.
SPEAKER_L: once in a while he can surprise me and he picks his cattle once in a while. But like it's generally anytime we play, I'm always like okay is it going to be the pink dinosaur? The purple dinosaur? I would say it's probably usually like 60% purple dinosaur. 40% pink dinosaur.
SPEAKER_R: What's a pretty, that's a pretty good balance right there. Yeah, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I'm glad I found them because it's just like um no toy has been the same since it's it's the dinosaurs or boston muscle of china.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's nice to finally get one that you're just like, oh good. You really like these? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like they they held up really well too because we play um tug of war with them all the time and I think he's own I think he's owned them for like three years now and they have no holes, no tears,
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: nothing.
SPEAKER_R: quality boys, man, people don't last very long in my household.
SPEAKER_L: I think the we had one toy one time. I don't remember what it was but it lasted like a day, half a day, something like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that. And
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: I was just like not getting this friend again.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean there are sometimes like, especially around christmas, my dog also has a stalking and we'll fill
SPEAKER_L: Stephen
SPEAKER_R: it with like the toys that we know are fairly cheap like that. So it's just kind of like here tear this up on christmas day, we'll clean
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: it up with the wrapping paper, have at it,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: we usually um we have a stocking for the dogs and we like to wrap a few guests for them too. So like usually they get some dentist sticks and they get a new toy, like a little rope or a little plush to play with, they get like a box of milk bones and that type of stuff. So like they have a pretty good christmas, some sometimes an outfit to like even on non christmas occasions like um my sister had a Halloween party um and she dressed up our dog as a pumpkin for all me.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so cute. I've never, I don't think my dog would take a costume very well, but I always find them the cutest things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think um I mean it depends on the outfit, there's some that he'll take off himself but there are some that he seems to like I think he's kind of used to wearing stuff because when my sister and I were little she used to want to have tea parties all the time and she would dress the dog up in baby doll clothes. She put him in a dress and make him sit and she would put a dog bone in a tea cup and have a little teacup for his water. So he used to, he used to get dressed up I think
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: with bows and
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: stuff sometimes two for tea party time. So he tolerates, uh, it's, and
SPEAKER_R: used to very,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's interesting to, he's um, I mean you would think he would have gotten annoyed with it. But like, no, he, he likes girls for some reason, but he doesn't like boys. Like we had some neighbor kids who used to be pretty obnoxious and like bang on the fence and stuff, like trying to taunt him over and stuff. So it's just like a boy comes over and he's just like, I don't like this, but you get a little, you know, get a little girl dress him up in a address and he was just like, okay, I'll put up with it, I like here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just the bias is there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. It was very nice getting to speak with you.
SPEAKER_L: You too?
SPEAKER_R: This was fun. I think the timer is gone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So um but
SPEAKER_L: but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I wish you luck with writing the whole novel. That sounds like a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: it is. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Um but yeah, have a good thanksgiving holiday and such. That's all coming up soon.
SPEAKER_L: you, too. It's nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice to meet you too. Alright
SPEAKER_L: have a good day.