Hello.
I'm
nice to meet you, Sophia. Um How are you?
Pretty good, pretty good. Um I just got out of class. I'm a university student.
I am studying brain and cognitive science. So. Brand stuff.
Yeah. My my connections into uh prolific are fairly obvious. Um What about you? What do you do?
Very
Um that sounds really cool. I can differently relate to not knowing what you're gonna do. It took me a while to settle on the brain and I don't know what I'm going to do with the brain now that I've decided on it, so
Yeah. Yeah, as everyone keeps saying, yeah.
it's definitely board games, board games and like jigsaw puzzles is probably, I'd say The # one Hobby Right Now.
And especially in quarantine. Mm hmm.
What about you? What would you say when you're copy
threatening?
That's
Ooh,
that's
weird story.
Going on from
that, That's cool. Yeah. Is the 1000 pages of like you guys own novel or just like that's so cool.
Yeah.
no,
that's so much fun. I love that. Do you guys posted anywhere or is it
just
you guys are just writing it just to write it?
You're
alone,
For
eight
years.
That's so cool. I am a sucker for ultimate universes of literally anything. So um I am fairly, I not particularly in Star Wars um but I am fairly versed in the fan works fandom of just in general reading reading and not really writing myself, but definitely consuming quite a lot of fan fiction and such. So
yeah, and I want my best friend, my roommate, she's on the other side of this wall um is also, she's a fanfic writer and it's the best thing in the universe because the night it's going to be like, hey, What if this happened and then I get complete about 24 hours and I get it in my in box. So it's, it's lovely.
primarily um critical role, which is a uh streamed show podcast of voice actors playing DND, um it's a lot of fun. It sounds weird, especially to people who don't know what twitch is, what DND is and what voice actors are. Um but
uh, it's, it's essentially improvised fantasy that you get to watch life and it's so good.
no, it's, it's a, it's a lot of fun, you get attached to the actors and attached to the characters and it's, it's fun. Um
and I would say my other, I've been in the harry potter fandom for years and years, like since like middle school, I've been in the member of that fandom, so those would probably be my two biggest ones.
I am a hardcore hufflepuff. I am just, it took me a while, like, you know when you're growing up and you're like the, I'm going to do good in school and then you're just like, so I must be a raven claw, No, no, you can, you can be off of, off and took me a while to get there. But what about you? Yeah.
Morning.
Yeah, I can, that's understandable. I have one of my close friends um for forever, like she keeps trying to take these quizzes, right? And it's literally toss of a coin whether or not it gives her slytherin or Gryphon door, so she's just like, I don't know which one I am, so I'm just gonna keep taking them and I really it really, I think my personal theory is it's related directly to how much sleep she's head like we're running on like two hours of sleep. She's going to act a little bit more like a gryphon door then slow and but that's, I can relate to that.
Yeah. Or even like, I've seen posts about why do they sort them when they first come in? Why don't you wait a little bit and then and see where people go? Like it would be because people do, they do change a lot. Like you start out liking one thing and then you like go through some self discovery, coming to college is like a self discovery kind of thing. So yeah.
Um
would that I could go back to a little small Sophie and be like, hi you're actually a hufflepuff. This will explain several things to you over the coming years. Go forward with that information would be it would be nice.
Yeah. Yeah. You maybe you'll grow into that, maybe you'll discover your belong in a different house. It really growth is nebulous
these
rooms.
Yeah. Which I've also I'm not sure if you've come across the primary and secondary house theory but I like it a lot. It's basically saying that you've got a primary house which is like your core morals like how you see the world around you and then your secondary house, which is how you go about interacting with the world. So like what methods you use to deal with people, how you go about trying to accomplish tasks like you can be in your heart of hearts a hufflepuff but you use all of the raven claw tools to go about and do things
so that you'd be a primary hufflepuff in a secondary raven cloth. I think it's an interesting theory. Yeah.
And sometimes that helps solve, like people are just like, well, am
I am
I? Well they're in a raven claw, I don't know. And then you then you think about it in those terms and they're like, oh,
this makes sense. Yeah.
I
know.
exactly. Yeah. Even just taking a step back and being like, wow, like harry potter became like such a thing that just like its people will know what you mean when you're just like, oh yeah, my roommate, she's a total gryphon door and like, you know what that means? And I mean, even to the point of like my dog, my dog is a slytherin, she's a slytherin, it's yeah,
it's
cleared. Um but like even going and categorizing pets, it's, yeah, it really is cool to, to sit there and think about it for a little bit. No one also kind of I guess we're relating to the fact that humans fundamentally like putting things in boxes, labels are nice, so
Or figuring out how to get into the snack cabinet and and somehow overnight consuming all the treats in the house. That's uh we've had to keep child locks in our kitchen long past when my sister or I or anywhere near Children just to keep my dog out of the pantry. She's a slithering
Oh man, that's a story.
and
like just complete bottomless pits though. And uh my dog will eat practically anything, especially fruit. She loves fruit unless it's in the shape of a ball,
anything that is round she thinks is a toy and we'll play with it as such, but like like grapes around melon, blueberries, anything you turn into it's sort of like a whole apple. Like she eats apple slices just fine but just doesn't comprehend an apple when it's around. I don't know it's that's one way to get her to keep her from eating anything is to make sure that all the food in the house is circular.
What's the this
No.
I'll eat literally anything but that I have this one rule I'm not picky but I have one rule
I
know
More
you
know
to get them that you get, yep. Yeah that's that seems like a thing that my dog would pull too.
An
out
stubborn hill
you
don't, and they know we're gonna break so yeah
what's going on and I'm not going to get treats. Is she coming back? What's going on? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's a particular particularly stubborn dup. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Something
you gotta, you gotta like bargain for your, if you just keep trying to haggle eventually you'll get more treats. Yeah, I'm curious what type of dogs do you have? I have the german shepherd?
not very cute. That's a place that's a nice mix. I think my family, my mother's side of the family has had exclusively german shepherds or something mixed with the german shepherd
for as long as I can remember, so that's that's what we had. She was a mutt of some sort, but she was most, she's mostly um german shepherd.
Yeah,
very cute.
No, I'm both of my roommates are like cat people and I like, I like cats to animals in general are lovely but like I have to hardcore cat people and then I'm just like but dogs and they're just like dogs and I'm like dogs. Yeah.
So yeah, thoughts.
Hey.
That's
yeah. Yeah that's that's a unique cat right there. Most of the cats I know are a lot more persnickety about. Thanks.
hopefully interested. Yeah.
I
wonder if you could like just like go to a shelter and be like let me look for all the cats that look like this and test my theory.
Yeah. Yeah, one of my one of my roommates cats, she she has two and they were siblings, they were like in the same letter um and one of them very clearly stole all of the brain cells because one of them, she's small and like angry and like borderline diabolical, like she like she has it out for my roommate. Like she did not like my roommate, she's her mother's cat. Um And then the other one, her brother is just like nothing behind his eyes, complete dumb ass. Like there's there's no brain cells in his brain. He's pretty and he's large and he's just kind of completely numb. So it's it's a fun dynamic between the two. Yeah. So
it's always it's always interesting hearing stories from her house. So guess what the cats did today?
It's
Thank you.
See
if
it works to my dog. Yeah, if it were up to my dog, like if you line out all the toys like that, you should not pick one. But more likely she's going to pick like three or four and try to fit them into her mouth at once. And it never works. But she tried every time because she's just like she's she'll pick one up and she'll carry it over to the other one that she wants and then she'll try to pick them up together, carried over to a third one. And then eventually she gets to the point where she can't carry them all and then she started kicking them around like soccer style trying to get them all in one place and then you're just like what's the point of this? We can't play with all limit once. Do you want me to juggle them? Like what's the point here? Yeah she's she's indecisive in that way.
Yeah. And then we can all just like trade I guess. Like you can't even do a proper fetch if you have five in your mouth and I have four more in my arms. This is not, this is not gonna work.
The
peace.
she didn't, I mean, I would assume she understands the concept because she'll play fetch just fine. She just is stubborn enough to want to play with all of them at once. So
What's
one
do I like more?
Where do I go?
that's mood.
What's a pretty, that's a pretty good balance right there. Yeah, Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's nice to finally get one that you're just like, oh good. You really like these? Yeah.
Some
quality boys, man, people don't last very long in my household.
And
the,
yeah, I mean there are sometimes like, especially around christmas, my dog also has a stalking and we'll fill
it with like the toys that we know are fairly cheap like that. So it's just kind of like here tear this up on christmas day, we'll clean
it up with the wrapping paper, have at it,
so
Oh, that's so cute. I've never, I don't think my dog would take a costume very well, but I always find them the cutest things. Yeah.
You
know?
used to very,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just the bias is there? Yeah.
All right. It was very nice getting to speak with you.
This was fun. I think the timer is gone. Yeah.
So um but
I wish you luck with writing the whole novel. That sounds like a lot of fun.
Um but yeah, have a good thanksgiving holiday and such. That's all coming up soon.
Yeah. Nice to meet you too. Alright