Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Quick. Mhm. Mhm.
I my
name Yeah, my name is Carol. Nice to meet you.
I'm doing all right today. How about you?
Ls what are you studying?
And that doesn't surprise me. We're meeting in a research study and or studying that.
I'm in my freshman year. I'm finishing up my basics right now. So I'm thinking I'm still trying to figure out like what I want to do. But I'm thinking either something um somewhere in the medical field or something to do with like psychology or no science or something like
that. Not surprising. I'm on here either. Yeah.
Well, hey, the start is figuring out, you know what your interests are and what you want to do is so there are still coming with time at least that's what I told myself.
So aside from school, like what are what are your some event your interests? Okay.
Nine.
And here breaking
writing
writing is a big one for me, me and
my, me and my best friend co write together, we've been writing since 2013. So we've written like over I say like easily over 1000 pages. A lot of writing um we actually met interestingly in a Star Wars video game,
we met in
Star Wars,
we met in Star Wars, the Old Republic and we're both into creating like our own original characters with the new universe and stuff. So we started writing them and it's just been going ever since.
So
it's set in the Star Wars universe but like all the characters and like the plot and stuff is like entirely our own um
there are there like canon characters but they kind of just appear their little, you know, background people like some of them are Jedi for instance. So like a Jedi council meeting, you know, meeting the boss is kind of stuff, but otherwise it's it's all original. So
it's like so it's fun there judy Seth there. Um I have one of my main characters as an imperial spy, so it's just a whole bunch of different stuff.
I
think
not yet. We've, we've just been writing it to, to write it. We have like a couple of google docs. We we used to keep in one document but like the one document got too big to
like find
individual pieces like so yeah, we even started writing a another version of it. We were like, well what would what would it be like if we wrote like a modern day Earth version of it? But have
them have like
super
powers instead of the forest. So like we have a Star Wars version and we have the modern day Earth version. So
Me too.
What are some of your fandoms? Yeah.
Yeah.
I've never seen it. Like I know what all those terms are, but I haven't ever seen that podcast. Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. What house are you?
Me. I feel like I'm kind of all over the place so I feel
like I need a serene hat to tell me. But I like my first ever quiz that I did what they're like slither in and then I did the potter more sorting hat quiz and their likes leather. And so I've been like so there so it's like I like yeah, I just feel like I I don't know, I'm like there are times they were like I feel like my health issues and like depression have gotten away of like any ambition so I'm like not I've not been particularly slow there any but
I remember reading a post one time that was talking about how it would have been interesting if like how sorting wasn't just you know once you're in Hogwarts you get the house forever kind of thing. But because people change over time, what if they resorted people every year and see what characters end up in different houses?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm like maybe maybe I'll end up fitting more into my celebrity nous as as time goes on.
Yeah and there's there's so many people on like tumbler and stuff for like I don't fit in one house that you get like the slow leather puff tag
and
the all that type of stuff.
Hm.
That's really interesting
campaign.
All
Hey,
and I love how like so fun and a logical this is at the same time because like obviously like we're none of it because we don't go to Hogwarts, but at the
same
time it's so fun to like try to like I even try to categories people in my daily life, like my best friend has never watched any of the harry potter movies or in any of the books and I'm just like she's up.
Me
too.
We had three dogs for the longest time until two of them passed on, and I feel like one of them was this super fluffy Pomeranian who just wanted nothing more than to run around in circles with his tail wagging and lick your face and used to lie down on the ground and just do that with his paws. And there he was just a cheer later, he was just always he was always smiling. So I'm like, that dog was a hopeful pop and then my many snatcher RJ, I'm just like, he's a slither, and like, the moment you turn your back, he will, he will be strategizing ways to steal your, steal your food off your plate or run off with your slippers, or
Dog got ahold of like, the Christmas, Ham, one year
came back and it was just like, I mean,
I don't, the dog can eat so much, I mean, like, my, my my sister had a bag of like, wrapped um Snickers bars in her room and she left the room and she comes back and like, pretty much the whole bag, including the rappers, is gone and he never got sick and I don't know how he like a whole bag of chocolate, but like, he was just like, got more snacks, curry.
Her.
I feel like the only thing I figured out that my dog doesn't like to eat so far is spanish, it seems like kelly everything, but you give them spanish and he's just like,
this okay, it's like you give them an easy, I mean, like, I mean, he's, he's gotten ahold of like a whole pizza before, like, he'll just, he'll just gobble everything up, but you just like, hey, you want a piece of spinach? And he's like, who
do you think I am? No.
like, for a while we had one of our dogs on a different type of food than the rest, and r j loved that food. He would, he try to steal his brothers food whenever he could get his paws on it. And then after that dog passed away, we ended up switching him onto the food he was liking so much. And for some reason, like, I think one day my mom gave him like some carrots or something, and the food, and he just after that, he was like, I will not eat my food unless it has extras in it. So like, daily were like, what do we have in the fridge? Okay, we got some chicken and we got some rice because we got some blueberries, like we'll just mix and random stuff into the bowl and he will, here's the slithering comes in here. Like I'll give him like um he really likes dog bones, so I'll put
little
chunks of dog bone and his food and he'll fish around the food and pick out all the dog bone and leave the rest of the kibble so that you have to come back and give him more mixing
so that
he'll
eat.
he just stands there. I mean, you'll fill his bowl and he'll just stand there and stare at you until you put the mix ins and and then he'll start. But I mean, I can be standing at the pantry for like a solid man just crossing my arms. Just what? And he'll be like, I'm not eating until I get my tree. So it's like a standoff will
just be
having
we'll just have a staring contest until I break and go on the
streets.
Mhm. Once in a while I like to confuse him and leave the room instead of giving up his treats and he's just like
And he'll just follow, he'll just followed me to my room and just feel like, nope, you didn't give me my treat so I guess I'll starve.
His his brother was just like I don't care, I'll eat anything, I'll do whatever
you want. And he's just like no.
Uh many smasher. The ones we had before was we had like a golden doodle and a Pomeranian.
Hi.
Oh yes, our next door neighbor is used to have a german shepherd, they used to go over and play with when I was a go. Yeah
mm.
I love dogs. It's like hard to imagine life without without having a dog around.
Uh huh.
My my best friend has two cats and one of them I swear just does not act like a cat. She you can pick her up and hold her upside down for minutes at a time, you can
rub her for the wrong way all over body and she'll just be purring just laying in your arms, just purring like she'll
come up to you and she'll jump in your lab just flip upside down and lay there and I'm just like are you are you a dog trapped in a cat's body?
And it's interesting because um my best friend described her as like a Tory, she's like one of those kind of black mixed with orange mixed with brown on cats. And she's so affectionate. And what's interesting is like the most um affectionate cats that I have ever known have been that same color. We have a street cat that we just call cat that is like the same coloring and she's the same way she just wants to um as long as you don't pick her up, she doesn't like being lifted up but like hold her in her lap and she'll roll upside down for you competitor Tommy and just she'll just take all the love and keep muzzling on you. And it's just like it makes me want to meet more cats of the same color to like see if it's the thing because I'm
yeah. Here's
what?
Yeah. As I haven't I haven't met a ton of cats to like be able to like really do the research but like meeting meeting those two, I was just like okay or the two most uncapped like cats that I have ever met.
mm.
Yeah, things have been pretty chill around here with the dog lately, he's just like he's he seems happy just as long as he gets his um a couple of times daily chase around the house, so like he'll just come in my room when I'm studying and he'll just like grab my slipper lately. It's really funny because he's a snatcher and I have snatcher slippers, he'll come in and grab the snatcher out of all my shoes and he'll just start running around the living room with the snatcher in his mouth, so like I'm chasing him
down trying to get my slipper back. Um he's got these um
dinosaur toys that he likes to play with, so like um it's so fun to like lay out the toys in a row and just be like okay which one are we playing with today? And he'll like look at all of them and he'll just and then he'll pick one of the dinosaurs so it's like it's always fun to try and guess. Okay is it going to be purple or pink today? He's got he's got so many
toys
but
Maybe she wants to get like half of them in her mouth and she wants you to pick up the other half.
I feel I feel like my dog with like his picking like three at most to play with one at a time would be looking at her like what's she doing? What you
doing
bro? Like you can only hold one, what are you doing? Yeah.
My dog's conflict seems to be like um I like to confuse him a bit, I'll grab his two favorite toys and I'll throw one right and I'll throw one left and he'll just be standing there like can't
the
same,
they're the two favorites. He he'll he'll end up I think um if I start going in one direction he'll kind of follow me but or he'll like um it seems like he's pretty good at rotating them so it's just like sometimes he'll take off one way on his own but other times they're just interests me standing there. Just yeah,
I don't know which one, I'm just like
once in a while he can surprise me and he picks his cattle once in a while. But like it's generally anytime we play, I'm always like okay is it going to be the pink dinosaur? The purple dinosaur? I would say it's probably usually like 60% purple dinosaur. 40% pink dinosaur.
Mhm. I'm glad I found them because it's just like um no toy has been the same since it's it's the dinosaurs or boston muscle of china.
I'm like they they held up really well too because we play um tug of war with them all the time and I think he's own I think he's owned them for like three years now and they have no holes, no tears,
nothing.
I think the we had one toy one time. I don't remember what it was but it lasted like a day, half a day, something like
that. And
I was just like not getting this friend again.
Stephen
what?
We
we usually um we have a stocking for the dogs and we like to wrap a few guests for them too. So like usually they get some dentist sticks and they get a new toy, like a little rope or a little plush to play with, they get like a box of milk bones and that type of stuff. So like they have a pretty good christmas, some sometimes an outfit to like even on non christmas occasions like um my sister had a Halloween party um and she dressed up our dog as a pumpkin for all me.
I think um I mean it depends on the outfit, there's some that he'll take off himself but there are some that he seems to like I think he's kind of used to wearing stuff because when my sister and I were little she used to want to have tea parties all the time and she would dress the dog up in baby doll clothes. She put him in a dress and make him sit and she would put a dog bone in a tea cup and have a little teacup for his water. So he used to, he used to get dressed up I think
with bows and
stuff sometimes two for tea party time. So he tolerates, uh, it's, and
yeah, it's interesting to, he's um, I mean you would think he would have gotten annoyed with it. But like, no, he, he likes girls for some reason, but he doesn't like boys. Like we had some neighbor kids who used to be pretty obnoxious and like bang on the fence and stuff, like trying to taunt him over and stuff. So it's just like a boy comes over and he's just like, I don't like this, but you get a little, you know, get a little girl dress him up in a address and he was just like, okay, I'll put up with it, I like here.
Yeah. Yeah.
You too?
Yeah.
but yeah,
it is. Thank you.
you, too. It's nice to meet you,
have a good day.