SPEAKER_L: No, I guess I just wait for her to kick on and she must appear no. Okay. Hello? Yeah. All right. I got you. I got you. Can you see me full screen or kitty box?
SPEAKER_R: yes. I'm I'm in the tiny little thing for me.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And for you I see your full screening nicely. Me on a tiny little box. All right. Have you ever done this before?
SPEAKER_R: If. No, no.
SPEAKER_L: You know he so where do work name or what do you
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: go?
SPEAKER_R: name is Ian Yeah. Ian. What's yours
SPEAKER_L: Story.
SPEAKER_R: today? Okay. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Nice
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you too? So yeah, going on today.
SPEAKER_L: the car
SPEAKER_R: You got anything fun going on today other than your prolific.
SPEAKER_L: kind of you know I'm gonna go see my granddaughter later. She called me up last night and she said do you have she noticed that we bought strawberries you know strawberries over there and uh uh strawberry shake? And then my son said well I don't have a blender. I'm like what happened here? I wonder. Well anyway, long story short on that. She calls me up like eight o'clock last night and she shouldn't have even known we had it. But she must have seen it refrigerator. You have a blender so I can make a shape and I'm like, um I do, but I'm not going to bring it over tonight anymore. And she's like, oh I want to just losing. And I said I'll bring it tomorrow after my video conference. You should go. So that's pretty much what I'm gonna do is hang out. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm probably going to go to a park and place in Pokemon del and other than that I have um I'm in college right now. Um I go to a community college but due to the pandemic, it's all online I have I think I need to do for my physics class and I need to get that done today. Probably should have gotten it done a long time ago. It's
SPEAKER_L: Quiet.
SPEAKER_R: been assigned for like three weeks but I'll get it done today
SPEAKER_L: Now you
SPEAKER_R: increased.
SPEAKER_L: don't have a voice? Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: It's always uh like I look at the assignment I think that doesn't seem like it'll take that long. So why should I do it now? Uh
SPEAKER_L: It's going to take either than I thought. Right, what do you go on for?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm planning to go for product design because no. Yeah. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Uh 30 more. I'm on disability. I got rear ended from somebody that was texting believe it or not at a stop sign with police directing traffic. It's like,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: what were you thinking? You know? So that put me on disability. So I just I work
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: part time because I can do that uh Otherwise just too busy though. I still busy
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: fair. Right.
SPEAKER_L: and I plan to procrastinate on things to only because I got time to christ now you know? Mhm. Life is
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: good though. It's really
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Now how long have you been on prophylactic? Is that how you say it? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I so I started when the pandemic started because I you know needed a little bit of extra money and I did it a lot for like two months. And then I kind of just I kind of lost interest and then I'm just now getting back into it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I see that it's it's weird because you can only do one at a time. You can't last night usually I quit at night but I heard my little digger thing
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: gold three times it went on and I thought what are they doing coming in on a friday night at eight o'clock
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: or whatever and I looked at them and there was three different ones but you can only click one and do it at a time right? Yeah and so that's kind of like oh so you can't you know there's two good ones you can't and there they're so far and few between. It seems like I've only been doing it though for a couple of months. I'm pro filic. So but I like it because it's easy it's you get paid well. Did that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it definitely does. Generally what I've noticed is I'll go like all day and not get a single survey and then all of a sudden a bunch will show up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then they lose them because while you're doing one a couple more, you know then people start doing them and then it's like oh no I don't have any and you know where have you do you do any other crowds? What
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: the out
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: started?
SPEAKER_R: I have it?
SPEAKER_L: I had years ago I kind of got for an amazon account and you know pennies on the pennies and pennies so I made about eight hours, you know and then I just let it sit there for about three years and then I had surgery so I'm off work and we don't get paid. So I thought, why don't we just try that again and see how that goes. It's a, they are learning curve huge and I'm high, I'm still learning, but it seems like anything that's over 50 cents or a dollar ones. I mean they get snatched up so quickly for me and good item, but I'm
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: in what about 553 months, which isn't bad for just doing some surveys. The problem is what hurts
SPEAKER_R: wait.
SPEAKER_L: is if you get a rejection and I've got rejections over stupid stuff like a penny. I'm thinking I'll do this, do the favor and I'll do it for a penny and then reject me for some stupid thing. And it's like, are you serious? You know?
SPEAKER_R: How stingy are they with how they do in the face?
SPEAKER_L: I know. And it's like, you know, I've written a lot of them like I really don't feel this reduction was legitimate and I'd give him a reason and it's a legitimate reason why like, oh, I don't know what happened last time. Oh, you're busy doing and it disappears on you. Okay, now
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you got to return it or it's going to show an abandonment, abandonment hurt, so you return it and then they give you a rejection. It's like, why, why would you reject it? It's not my fault that it disappeared. It just just, you know, something like that, that it's kind of like you're in the, the people that hire you or the people that do when you're in there
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: hands. It's, you know, you gotta be really careful with it too, but hopefully it won't be forever, but it's kind of nice for some extra money or my transmission went out in my truck, so you need a lot of money, can't find anyone that does that. Um, uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I said, boy, if you're ever going to get into a, an area that you want to just pick up money, sometimes it's transmissions because ethics sensitive, you know, I just need, well, they got a poem usually, but 2200 bucks just to fix a leaking, um,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: uh,
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: steals is leaking. And then they said, you might go through the torque converter while you're at it because they already got the engine out and it's like $2500. That's all labor, you know, and I thought, boy, that'd be a good one to get into because nobody does it on the side and you know, other stuff people can, but you know, bodywork, you can always find someone and mechanics,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you can always find somebody how they do it at home. Not
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: transmissions. I even got a cousin that does body work. We've been in the business for 30 years and then his dad was in the business. He doesn't know anybody that those transmission on the side either. So
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: it's like welcoming me good one. But what's
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: up with you
SPEAKER_R: So I was so I yeah I started prolific at the start of the pandemic when I got furloughed from my job. I worked as a feeder manager.
SPEAKER_L: or why?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh I was a manager at a movie theater. Yeah. And I don't I don't know if you've seen all this stuff in the news. Movie theaters are not doing movie figures are very negatively affected by this.
SPEAKER_L: I don't, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. A lot of it would not surprise me if there are a couple years before there are movie heaters again after this pandemic. Oh
SPEAKER_L: see, I know that ones are an opening and I thought about that the other day. People movie theaters. Um, do you have any driving fingers fight? Where do you live? Like michigan or?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Do you have Dr ends up there?
SPEAKER_R: I think there I think there is like one I no one I know a couple are opening because of those are doing very well.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, because you know, growing up and then when my kids were growing up, we were always at the drive in because you could, however many people you can spit, you know, and take your own food. You didn't have to buy it from the junk and someone got tired. They could go to school. I mean it was perfect and I noticed they opened one with about 40
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: minutes from our house again minutes and they're booming because people can't the only movie theaters and people love to go to the movie theaters.
SPEAKER_R: they do, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So are you gonna if you're opens go back or are you just gonna
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So I I know so I know for a fact that the one I was working at is close for good, it was small, it hadn't made a profit in a what in a like a couple of years so I get it. So then I got transferred to the theater I started at before I got moved to the managerial job I had at this one and then that one uh regal which is the one I worked for. Just decided to that they are ending all operations in America. Um They say temporarily I think that's gonna change, I think it's going to be permanent. And now AMC is like in the news saying that if if something doesn't change by the end of the year they're gonna go bankrupt and Cinemark is also not doing well. So all theatres, I don't I don't think there's going to be movie theaters for a while.
SPEAKER_L: or maybe ever. Maybe
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: also possible. Like the big thing killing us is that like the like obviously those are big buildings, places that rent is expensive like in malls and shopping centers and they've been charging that rent all through the pandemic. So like the one I originally worked at and the one I was going to go back to their rent is over 100,000 month. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: how could they even pay it when the doors are closed?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I don't know. And so so I yeah, I don't see a way that movie theaters are going to come back,
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so.
SPEAKER_R: take so much money to open that, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's kind of like a it's gonna be because of this a dime dying not blue but you know that you'll look back and tell your kids you know when I was growing up we used to work at no you know it's kind of sad you know it's more than kind it's very sad.
SPEAKER_R: I loved my job with either. Um It was my first job I started when I was 17, I worked there for three years because I loved it. Like I got along with my boss, I got along with everyone, I liked the work on slow days. I got to just go in and watch movies. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right for life
SPEAKER_R: I like, I thought I thought it was very likely that just because I get bored very easily that like even when I have like an actual career I'd go and work on like Sundays or Saturdays at the theater, but uh that's probably not going to happen now.
SPEAKER_L: No. Well you know they say find a job that you love and you'll never have to work another day in your life and that's true if you really think about it you know?
SPEAKER_R: Eddie.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean who would have ever thought in a million years something like this would happen. No no one, you know it's like and it's affected so many things because I can't remember what it was. I drove past oh the pet store shop, I didn't ask one of them yesterday and I'm like oh my God they're gone. It's totally closed up you know and it's they couldn't make it their little you know people want to still open but it's now my job my part time job stayed open through the whole thing because it was considered of I don't know what they called it, I can't remember but we met food so a needed thing you know? But I don't really like that. It's too cold freezers like so
SPEAKER_R: warmer.
SPEAKER_L: it's too cold but they stayed open. But even that was affected because of restaurants and you know all of that now. Can you bring this her epidemic was I know, I feel that it's some of it, not all of it, but some of it is over exaggerated because people are getting so many perks from it. Companies like I've read where the to Rome their funeral companies, they did aged so much money after that what it was but so much money per death if it's covid. So everything was getting written on covid for like seeing different things. Do you think some of it's just kind of exaggerated or is it real bad by you yet?
SPEAKER_R: So. Uh huh. I don't know, I I'd say that like if 10% of it is exaggerated, that's still a million deaths worldwide. So I say that's so pretty serious and while wealth places like funeral homes, they do get that bonus, like think about how like so many businesses were work ended by this. So I don't uh I think it all has to be pretty real because it hurts way more than a benefit. It hurts way more powerful people than it benefits.
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: I I don't I've never been like a super hard political person. I think after the pandemic, there's anyway our president is going to be reelected, like whether it's his fault or not. I think a lot of people will see a lot of it as his fault. Well,
SPEAKER_L: think that, see I'm I'm see I've never been politically. I just I go with my gut, I go with life. You know that kind of thing. What I feel little things that maybe I've read about. And my my son had said to me this first, this last election, not this one but the last one when trump was he said, you know what mom, I'm not even gonna vote this use. I don't like either one of them. And I said, okay, I said you don't have an option on that because you were born in a free country and you can vote so you will vote. But I'm not gonna tell you what to do. But I'm going to ask you a question and he said, okay, shoot. I said now there's two kinds of people in the world. There's people that will tell you everything you want to hear because they think it's what you want here and members people that will tell you right to your face. I don't agree with you. I don't like it and Mr Mountain missing that, you know, whatever. But you know that some what kind of person do you gravitate to? Or do you like when you hang out with people are in school or whatever, do you like the ones that tell you everything you want to hear and
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: agree with you with everything instead of just
SPEAKER_R: when you mhm
SPEAKER_L: so you know what, we're going to have to agree to disagree because I don't agree with what you're saying. What kind of person do you like? And he said all right, and that was it. We never talked about it again. He had a chance. Well, when I look at all of this that's going on, I think
SPEAKER_R: People.
SPEAKER_L: this is gonna be one of the closest worst elections ever compared
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: to what happened when he was elected. I mean, it's like, come on, you know what? The people chose him, He's going to be the President of the United States, quit crying about it. All of us have one and all of us have lost different elections on people we want to deal with it. Don't go set fires and beat people up and do whatever crazy
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: people are doing okay. So
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: let me see all of this with I didn't even watch the whole thing, but I saw not to catch up when trump was on his first debate
SPEAKER_R: Number
SPEAKER_L: with Biden and Biden turned it around onto a instead of a social issue with what's going on with the terrorism in the country and just everything we planted onto the hook, looks climbing type of thing. So you can do with any or white supremacists. what do they do with what you guys are even talking about? Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: You're trying to sidetrack. They make people think that he, you know, and that kind of thing. And then the other thing that really bothers me about the whole thing is that my husband before he died was really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sick for a long time. Well, he couldn't leave the house. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you had to go through a lot to get him to be able to vote by mail. It wasn't just, Oh, yeah, you want to do that? Okay. I mean, he had to get paid for sign from the doctor and just different stuff. And because they wanted to make sure
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: before people being lazy and just when I go to the polls, but we build it. Um, I think three elections by mail before he died. Well, wow, they're really pushing this because of Covid. and I really think there's
SPEAKER_R: Man.
SPEAKER_L: an underlying reason for that. I believe that I honestly I believe that democrats
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: are trying
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: to they want in and they want mhm get both within the country as we know it in the one we're doing here. You're not going to live like we live now because
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: that group, not just because they're democrats, but that group of people want socialism to come in. And I don't think the younger people don't really understand, but we could end up like Venezuela and it can clip. So
SPEAKER_R: I mean so I think that if joe biden wins just looking at joe biden himself, I don't know how much will change because joe biden does not stand for anything and is like, like all the ads for joe biden, they're not about joe biden there, hey don't vote for donald trump. There's this guy who has no opinions, just not donald trump. But I think if joe biden doesn't change a lot, I think the next election, that's when someone like Bernie Sanders is going to win because I feel like a lot of younger people that are worried that don't like the current political stuff, how like everyone's funded by big businesses and all that stuff, they realized that it was not a Republican issue and it was not a democrat issue, it was just a all the politics are like this, so
SPEAKER_L: I agree with that. And, you know, I think the way I look at it with this is, I mean, I'm old. You know, so I've been through a lot of elections and as I look back through the years, there's I think a lot of them can be bought trump, can't be bought. He's got so much money, he doesn't need their money. He doesn't need, like if someone says, well you got to do it this way. No, I don't go ahead, hold your money.
SPEAKER_R: I would so I'd say the thing with that is well I don't think donald trump I mean it can be bought or needs to be bought. I think the people around him him I think a big part I think I think that a lot of people who would decide to work with him politically are doing it for money so
SPEAKER_L: I agree with that. And I think that's a lot why he's gotten rid of people, you know, different reasons that untrustworthy, whatever. Uh um I know a lot of people say, well, he tweets that he does this and that. Yeah, I think he just wants the people to know the truth. And the president has always been told, you don't say too much, you don't, you know, kind of sweep it under that rug a little bit. Be quiet. He's a big
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: mom.
SPEAKER_R: I am all I'm fine with like I'm fine with the twitter because I don't I don't think like if you have a specific job you shouldn't be allowed to have opinions. That doesn't make sense to me. Like when a celebrity comes out and says something and everyone's like just stick to whatever you do it's like so what jobs are allowed to talk about politics? What what does bother me is like when he announces stuff that should be like an actual like press release from the president and he just does that by his twitter because like I I don't want to follow him because I don't care about a lot of bloody tweets, like I don't like I don't care when he goes on a long rant about saturday night live, which I don't know why they make such a big thing of bullying him.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Uh please.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't care enough to to read that, but then he'll the next tweet will be something that should be like an actual press release and I just I don't like that rants about saturday night live and then actual press release stuff are on the same platform.
SPEAKER_L: Right. But do you think that it's because and I believe it's true too, but he really believes that the truth doesn't get through the press. Like it used to like before reporters would be like, they swore like a doctor does to secrecy that they would tell the truth and now they just kind of whoa, stuff out.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so I'd say that what reporters have, what what the world has learned through this and I'd say kind of the end of the last couple of years of President Obama's presidency, is that the truth can mean a lot of different things like like like what you mentioned with the white supremacy comment, he was asked will you disavow white supremacy? And he said I don't remember exactly what he said, but like he did not exactly say I disavow white supremacy, so the people who don't like him can report that he refused to say that, do you like him can be like he didn't say that he said this which can be taken the same
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: that which is the he said she said right,
SPEAKER_R: and it's not it's not that either, either side is lying, it's not that either side is not telling the truth there, just not saying the whole truth.
SPEAKER_L: saying the truth. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the problem is like, like some people, like people who are hardcore democrats are like no you gotta listen to this because they tell the whole truth and hardcore republicans are like you got to listen to this because they tell the whole truth. Neither of them are counting
SPEAKER_L: You're correct.
SPEAKER_R: you. It's impossible to get the whole truth.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. That is
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: true. That is very cool. Right. We've
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: got go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I was gonna say it has been about half an hour.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we gotta make sure. Oh, how many we needed to do? 25. Right. I
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: was so nice to look at you. I'm gonna do this again. This was fun. It's
SPEAKER_R: was my starting.
SPEAKER_L: nothing. Um How do we could go off it though now? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think I think we just close the tab.
SPEAKER_L: What was it out? Okay. Well,
SPEAKER_R: it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Have a wonderful day and good luck with your assignment.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Bye
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: bye.