yes. I'm I'm in the tiny little thing for me.
If. No, no.
My
name is Ian Yeah. Ian. What's yours
today? Okay. Hello?
huh.
Oh you too? So yeah, going on today.
You got anything fun going on today other than your prolific.
Um I'm probably going to go to a park and place in Pokemon del and other than that I have um I'm in college right now. Um I go to a community college but due to the pandemic, it's all online I have I think I need to do for my physics class and I need to get that done today. Probably should have gotten it done a long time ago. It's
been assigned for like three weeks but I'll get it done today
increased.
It's always uh like I look at the assignment I think that doesn't seem like it'll take that long. So why should I do it now? Uh
so I'm planning to go for product design because no. Yeah. What do you do?
What?
But
Okay. That's
fair. Right.
it's
that's
Uh Yeah I so I started when the pandemic started because I you know needed a little bit of extra money and I did it a lot for like two months. And then I kind of just I kind of lost interest and then I'm just now getting back into it.
No.
Well.
Yeah it definitely does. Generally what I've noticed is I'll go like all day and not get a single survey and then all of a sudden a bunch will show up.
you know,
can
I have it?
Fine.
wait.
How stingy are they with how they do in the face?
Mhm.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh
wow,
What
not?
No
what?
So I was so I yeah I started prolific at the start of the pandemic when I got furloughed from my job. I worked as a feeder manager.
Uh huh I was a manager at a movie theater. Yeah. And I don't I don't know if you've seen all this stuff in the news. Movie theaters are not doing movie figures are very negatively affected by this.
Right. A lot of it would not surprise me if there are a couple years before there are movie heaters again after this pandemic. Oh
I'm in north Carolina.
I think there I think there is like one I no one I know a couple are opening because of those are doing very well.
What?
they do, yeah.
Mhm. So I I know so I know for a fact that the one I was working at is close for good, it was small, it hadn't made a profit in a what in a like a couple of years so I get it. So then I got transferred to the theater I started at before I got moved to the managerial job I had at this one and then that one uh regal which is the one I worked for. Just decided to that they are ending all operations in America. Um They say temporarily I think that's gonna change, I think it's going to be permanent. And now AMC is like in the news saying that if if something doesn't change by the end of the year they're gonna go bankrupt and Cinemark is also not doing well. So all theatres, I don't I don't think there's going to be movie theaters for a while.
That's
also possible. Like the big thing killing us is that like the like obviously those are big buildings, places that rent is expensive like in malls and shopping centers and they've been charging that rent all through the pandemic. So like the one I originally worked at and the one I was going to go back to their rent is over 100,000 month. Uh huh. Yeah.
Okay. I don't know. And so so I yeah, I don't see a way that movie theaters are going to come back,
take so much money to open that, you know?
I loved my job with either. Um It was my first job I started when I was 17, I worked there for three years because I loved it. Like I got along with my boss, I got along with everyone, I liked the work on slow days. I got to just go in and watch movies. Um
I like, I thought I thought it was very likely that just because I get bored very easily that like even when I have like an actual career I'd go and work on like Sundays or Saturdays at the theater, but uh that's probably not going to happen now.
Eddie.
warmer.
So. Uh huh. I don't know, I I'd say that like if 10% of it is exaggerated, that's still a million deaths worldwide. So I say that's so pretty serious and while wealth places like funeral homes, they do get that bonus, like think about how like so many businesses were work ended by this. So I don't uh I think it all has to be pretty real because it hurts way more than a benefit. It hurts way more powerful people than it benefits.
I I don't I've never been like a super hard political person. I think after the pandemic, there's anyway our president is going to be reelected, like whether it's his fault or not. I think a lot of people will see a lot of it as his fault. Well,
So
when you mhm
People.
I am
Well,
Uh huh.
Number
Hey.
Yeah.
I'm
All
Man.
Thank
you.
Hi.
I mean so I think that if joe biden wins just looking at joe biden himself, I don't know how much will change because joe biden does not stand for anything and is like, like all the ads for joe biden, they're not about joe biden there, hey don't vote for donald trump. There's this guy who has no opinions, just not donald trump. But I think if joe biden doesn't change a lot, I think the next election, that's when someone like Bernie Sanders is going to win because I feel like a lot of younger people that are worried that don't like the current political stuff, how like everyone's funded by big businesses and all that stuff, they realized that it was not a Republican issue and it was not a democrat issue, it was just a all the politics are like this, so
I would so I'd say the thing with that is well I don't think donald trump I mean it can be bought or needs to be bought. I think the people around him him I think a big part I think I think that a lot of people who would decide to work with him politically are doing it for money so
I'm
I am all I'm fine with like I'm fine with the twitter because I don't I don't think like if you have a specific job you shouldn't be allowed to have opinions. That doesn't make sense to me. Like when a celebrity comes out and says something and everyone's like just stick to whatever you do it's like so what jobs are allowed to talk about politics? What what does bother me is like when he announces stuff that should be like an actual like press release from the president and he just does that by his twitter because like I I don't want to follow him because I don't care about a lot of bloody tweets, like I don't like I don't care when he goes on a long rant about saturday night live, which I don't know why they make such a big thing of bullying him.
I don't I don't care enough to to read that, but then he'll the next tweet will be something that should be like an actual press release and I just I don't like that rants about saturday night live and then actual press release stuff are on the same platform.
Oh so I'd say that what reporters have, what what the world has learned through this and I'd say kind of the end of the last couple of years of President Obama's presidency, is that the truth can mean a lot of different things like like like what you mentioned with the white supremacy comment, he was asked will you disavow white supremacy? And he said I don't remember exactly what he said, but like he did not exactly say I disavow white supremacy, so the people who don't like him can report that he refused to say that, do you like him can be like he didn't say that he said this which can be taken the same
way
and it's not it's not that either, either side is lying, it's not that either side is not telling the truth there, just not saying the whole truth.
Yeah. And the problem is like, like some people, like people who are hardcore democrats are like no you gotta listen to this because they tell the whole truth and hardcore republicans are like you got to listen to this because they tell the whole truth. Neither of them are counting
you. It's impossible to get the whole truth.
Well.
I
yeah I was gonna say it has been about half an hour.
do.
was my starting.
I think I think we just close the tab.
it was nice talking to you.
Thank
you,