No, I guess I just wait for her to kick on and she must appear no. Okay. Hello? Yeah. All right. I got you. I got you. Can you see me full screen or kitty box?
Okay. And for you I see your full screening nicely. Me on a tiny little box. All right. Have you ever done this before?
You know he so where do work name or what do you
go?
Story.
Hi. Nice
to meet you.
the car
kind of you know I'm gonna go see my granddaughter later. She called me up last night and she said do you have she noticed that we bought strawberries you know strawberries over there and uh uh strawberry shake? And then my son said well I don't have a blender. I'm like what happened here? I wonder. Well anyway, long story short on that. She calls me up like eight o'clock last night and she shouldn't have even known we had it. But she must have seen it refrigerator. You have a blender so I can make a shape and I'm like, um I do, but I'm not going to bring it over tonight anymore. And she's like, oh I want to just losing. And I said I'll bring it tomorrow after my video conference. You should go. So that's pretty much what I'm gonna do is hang out. What about you?
Quiet.
Now you
don't have a voice? Yeah. Uh huh.
It's going to take either than I thought. Right, what do you go on for?
Uh 30 more. I'm on disability. I got rear ended from somebody that was texting believe it or not at a stop sign with police directing traffic. It's like,
what were you thinking? You know? So that put me on disability. So I just I work
part time because I can do that uh Otherwise just too busy though. I still busy
so
and I plan to procrastinate on things to only because I got time to christ now you know? Mhm. Life is
good though. It's really
yeah. Now how long have you been on prophylactic? Is that how you say it? Right.
Yeah. Well I see that it's it's weird because you can only do one at a time. You can't last night usually I quit at night but I heard my little digger thing
gold three times it went on and I thought what are they doing coming in on a friday night at eight o'clock
or whatever and I looked at them and there was three different ones but you can only click one and do it at a time right? Yeah and so that's kind of like oh so you can't you know there's two good ones you can't and there they're so far and few between. It seems like I've only been doing it though for a couple of months. I'm pro filic. So but I like it because it's easy it's you get paid well. Did that?
Yeah and then they lose them because while you're doing one a couple more, you know then people start doing them and then it's like oh no I don't have any and you know where have you do you do any other crowds? What
the out
started?
I had years ago I kind of got for an amazon account and you know pennies on the pennies and pennies so I made about eight hours, you know and then I just let it sit there for about three years and then I had surgery so I'm off work and we don't get paid. So I thought, why don't we just try that again and see how that goes. It's a, they are learning curve huge and I'm high, I'm still learning, but it seems like anything that's over 50 cents or a dollar ones. I mean they get snatched up so quickly for me and good item, but I'm
in what about 553 months, which isn't bad for just doing some surveys. The problem is what hurts
is if you get a rejection and I've got rejections over stupid stuff like a penny. I'm thinking I'll do this, do the favor and I'll do it for a penny and then reject me for some stupid thing. And it's like, are you serious? You know?
I know. And it's like, you know, I've written a lot of them like I really don't feel this reduction was legitimate and I'd give him a reason and it's a legitimate reason why like, oh, I don't know what happened last time. Oh, you're busy doing and it disappears on you. Okay, now
you got to return it or it's going to show an abandonment, abandonment hurt, so you return it and then they give you a rejection. It's like, why, why would you reject it? It's not my fault that it disappeared. It just just, you know, something like that, that it's kind of like you're in the, the people that hire you or the people that do when you're in there
hands. It's, you know, you gotta be really careful with it too, but hopefully it won't be forever, but it's kind of nice for some extra money or my transmission went out in my truck, so you need a lot of money, can't find anyone that does that. Um, uh huh.
I said, boy, if you're ever going to get into a, an area that you want to just pick up money, sometimes it's transmissions because ethics sensitive, you know, I just need, well, they got a poem usually, but 2200 bucks just to fix a leaking, um,
uh,
steals is leaking. And then they said, you might go through the torque converter while you're at it because they already got the engine out and it's like $2500. That's all labor, you know, and I thought, boy, that'd be a good one to get into because nobody does it on the side and you know, other stuff people can, but you know, bodywork, you can always find someone and mechanics,
you can always find somebody how they do it at home. Not
transmissions. I even got a cousin that does body work. We've been in the business for 30 years and then his dad was in the business. He doesn't know anybody that those transmission on the side either. So
it's like welcoming me good one. But what's
up with you
or why?
I don't, yeah.
see, I know that ones are an opening and I thought about that the other day. People movie theaters. Um, do you have any driving fingers fight? Where do you live? Like michigan or?
Okay. Do you have Dr ends up there?
Well, yeah, because you know, growing up and then when my kids were growing up, we were always at the drive in because you could, however many people you can spit, you know, and take your own food. You didn't have to buy it from the junk and someone got tired. They could go to school. I mean it was perfect and I noticed they opened one with about 40
minutes from our house again minutes and they're booming because people can't the only movie theaters and people love to go to the movie theaters.
Uh So are you gonna if you're opens go back or are you just gonna
or maybe ever. Maybe
they
how could they even pay it when the doors are closed?
I don't think so.
Yeah it's kind of like a it's gonna be because of this a dime dying not blue but you know that you'll look back and tell your kids you know when I was growing up we used to work at no you know it's kind of sad you know it's more than kind it's very sad.
Right for life
No. Well you know they say find a job that you love and you'll never have to work another day in your life and that's true if you really think about it you know?
But I mean who would have ever thought in a million years something like this would happen. No no one, you know it's like and it's affected so many things because I can't remember what it was. I drove past oh the pet store shop, I didn't ask one of them yesterday and I'm like oh my God they're gone. It's totally closed up you know and it's they couldn't make it their little you know people want to still open but it's now my job my part time job stayed open through the whole thing because it was considered of I don't know what they called it, I can't remember but we met food so a needed thing you know? But I don't really like that. It's too cold freezers like so
it's too cold but they stayed open. But even that was affected because of restaurants and you know all of that now. Can you bring this her epidemic was I know, I feel that it's some of it, not all of it, but some of it is over exaggerated because people are getting so many perks from it. Companies like I've read where the to Rome their funeral companies, they did aged so much money after that what it was but so much money per death if it's covid. So everything was getting written on covid for like seeing different things. Do you think some of it's just kind of exaggerated or is it real bad by you yet?
that's true.
think that, see I'm I'm see I've never been politically. I just I go with my gut, I go with life. You know that kind of thing. What I feel little things that maybe I've read about. And my my son had said to me this first, this last election, not this one but the last one when trump was he said, you know what mom, I'm not even gonna vote this use. I don't like either one of them. And I said, okay, I said you don't have an option on that because you were born in a free country and you can vote so you will vote. But I'm not gonna tell you what to do. But I'm going to ask you a question and he said, okay, shoot. I said now there's two kinds of people in the world. There's people that will tell you everything you want to hear because they think it's what you want here and members people that will tell you right to your face. I don't agree with you. I don't like it and Mr Mountain missing that, you know, whatever. But you know that some what kind of person do you gravitate to? Or do you like when you hang out with people are in school or whatever, do you like the ones that tell you everything you want to hear and
agree with you with everything instead of just
so you know what, we're going to have to agree to disagree because I don't agree with what you're saying. What kind of person do you like? And he said all right, and that was it. We never talked about it again. He had a chance. Well, when I look at all of this that's going on, I think
this is gonna be one of the closest worst elections ever compared
to what happened when he was elected. I mean, it's like, come on, you know what? The people chose him, He's going to be the President of the United States, quit crying about it. All of us have one and all of us have lost different elections on people we want to deal with it. Don't go set fires and beat people up and do whatever crazy
people are doing okay. So
let me see all of this with I didn't even watch the whole thing, but I saw not to catch up when trump was on his first debate
with Biden and Biden turned it around onto a instead of a social issue with what's going on with the terrorism in the country and just everything we planted onto the hook, looks climbing type of thing. So you can do with any or white supremacists. what do they do with what you guys are even talking about? Nothing.
You're trying to sidetrack. They make people think that he, you know, and that kind of thing. And then the other thing that really bothers me about the whole thing is that my husband before he died was really
sick for a long time. Well, he couldn't leave the house. So
you had to go through a lot to get him to be able to vote by mail. It wasn't just, Oh, yeah, you want to do that? Okay. I mean, he had to get paid for sign from the doctor and just different stuff. And because they wanted to make sure
before people being lazy and just when I go to the polls, but we build it. Um, I think three elections by mail before he died. Well, wow, they're really pushing this because of Covid. and I really think there's
an underlying reason for that. I believe that I honestly I believe that democrats
are trying
to they want in and they want mhm get both within the country as we know it in the one we're doing here. You're not going to live like we live now because
that group, not just because they're democrats, but that group of people want socialism to come in. And I don't think the younger people don't really understand, but we could end up like Venezuela and it can clip. So
I agree with that. And, you know, I think the way I look at it with this is, I mean, I'm old. You know, so I've been through a lot of elections and as I look back through the years, there's I think a lot of them can be bought trump, can't be bought. He's got so much money, he doesn't need their money. He doesn't need, like if someone says, well you got to do it this way. No, I don't go ahead, hold your money.
I agree with that. And I think that's a lot why he's gotten rid of people, you know, different reasons that untrustworthy, whatever. Uh um I know a lot of people say, well, he tweets that he does this and that. Yeah, I think he just wants the people to know the truth. And the president has always been told, you don't say too much, you don't, you know, kind of sweep it under that rug a little bit. Be quiet. He's a big
mom.
I know. Uh please.
Right. But do you think that it's because and I believe it's true too, but he really believes that the truth doesn't get through the press. Like it used to like before reporters would be like, they swore like a doctor does to secrecy that they would tell the truth and now they just kind of whoa, stuff out.
That
that which is the he said she said right,
saying the truth. Right.
You're correct.
Yes. That is
true. That is very cool. Right. We've
got go ahead.
Yeah, we gotta make sure. Oh, how many we needed to do? 25. Right. I
was so nice to look at you. I'm gonna do this again. This was fun. It's
nothing. Um How do we could go off it though now? Mhm.
What was it out? Okay. Well,
you too. Have a wonderful day and good luck with your assignment.
Bye
bye.