No. Okay, Tony yeah. Oh.
Mhm. Thank you. Uh Hello, can you hear
me?
I can hear you, can you hear me? Sorry? For some reason my main camera isn't turning on so I have to do with this make do with this backup camera so
So I can't see the clock very well but let's say it started at 7:02 just to be on the safe side.
I am am which where are you?
three
hours ago. Ohio's on east coast time. Uh
thought of higher was central. Well
no I'm not a bottle Higher, you're not underwater. Um What my name is, johnny by the way. Uh huh.
Yes this this this year, which number which is this like which talk is this for you? The number
Uh for me this is number three
I
heard happening, it's interesting that. Well I guess it's not that interesting but I'm a little surprised that people have some some any no shows you
Oh pretty good. Cool.
I'm sorry. You
know what I wonder like I didn't I don't even quite remember like who the study, who's doing the study, but I wonder what exactly they're studying because it seems like the dynamics of like talking to a stranger or different. Well, I don't know, maybe that's exactly what they want. You know, It's like are they trying to match I guess it must be trying to match up strangers. But it's like that's a very kind of unique conversational situation.
It's
a uh like it's such a sort of an unnatural interaction because you and I met at a grocery store, right? It would be like, Okay we need to talk for 25 minutes, right? You know, where do you live? Or you know like you know whatever, like
so like this kind of unique thing, you know?
come on.
I got a really unusual sleep wake schedule, so I'm like I spent a day and so I just, the times that I marked as available probably you know what more compatible normal people like on the east coast is. Um I
said my first conversation was with a west coaster. Oh
so yeah, so what state I'm in California, No
I'm in, I'm in Oakland.
I'm
trying
what are you uh what are you doing? Ohio.
Biology, computer. So what's Borat IX did you see where
or did you
say
interesting. So it's like uh
what is that, what what kind of like profession does that lead into?
You
So you argue the research end of that then, like or what?
Mhm.
that's
always true and academia, right. Somebody somebody stays in academia, let's it seems like some professions that's really kind of all the profession is in a way I used to have a friend who who was like discovered this passion for Arabic literature and like and it's even more specific than that he went into like Sudanese literature, you know? And I don't know how much of a profession that is in the US except people who teach Sudanese literature like. Right.
Crunch
time.
But congress are different from being a biologist.
of people
why?
But
Body they're
like
Um like does that involve a lot of statistics? Uh
it's interesting. And where are you from originally? Like is there are you from? Ohio,
Even
working.
No
you come like from a suburban kind of. Yeah
I had a my most prominent experience in New Jersey was years ago. Um And I was like I was in new york with a friend in the nineties and and we just kept like I don't know we didn't have connections in new york except like her grandmother in Brooklyn who would
look on, she wasn't really guiding us and so we kept getting desperately lost or will you wind up in like the wrong neighborhood in new york or when we get rerouted either to a different borough or like for different states and and we would just get completely like this like we couldn't, one time we accidentally took like the tunnel out of Manhattan into New Jersey was is there a tunnel, there's something
yeah, so we just got to be routed into the tunnel and then we just couldn't like onto the turnpike and then we couldn't get back somehow. Like we didn't like things just didn't work somehow pack and
it
can
be
and then like and then it was evening and then it was nighttime and we wound up just like driving around suburban New Jersey for hours, literally hours trying to get back to Manhattan and like eventually just ran out of steam and stopped by like a Walla store and said where can we get like a hotel, you know too dark for a C. Even find
our way back. And I mean this is like before gps and stuff right? So we
can anyway and we wound up being like a
point, he pointed us to like this hotel which wound up being like in some red light district of some sound. We walked a little like paying for like a hotel by the hour, really disgusting
hotel and then like the next day we it was light and we were able to somehow find our way back to new york was like but my impression of New Jersey from just that was just of course this was years ago, but like just like lots and lots of very green suburban, you know like just like yeah not not super urban, although it must have, there must be urban areas.
No
enough
breath.
Yeah. Bus.
Oakland, is it crazy? I mean I know if you talk to your sister about the price of living in this area but it's insane.
One is more sort of san Francisco
right now I think might be the most expensive, but because san Francisco has become just totally unaffordable, um Oakland has like taken off hugely, and so it's like, I think the most expensive place in the country now, like san Francisco and Oakland, it's kind of insane and you know, I mean, I just refused to move, but I mean, in my whole like communities here, I mean I have friends from out of time, but like this is sort of the epicenter of my life, but it's like, you know, I can't imagine why anybody would choose to come here if they were if they had people other places, like it's just so it's so unaffordable, we don't even, we just deal with it, right, But I think if I tried to move to the midwest, I mean just shocked about how much more doable that was, you know?
Well, I've lived in Oakland since um 96 and I've lived in the area in the sort of um the area
since 90 well From 84 to 86. And then from and then from 93, I moved away to college, but I moved to Santa Cruz, which is not far, it's just the next, the next year. It's a Monterey berry bee, I mean Monterey B Area, so it's like it's basically kind of bay areas anyway,
so I mean, all in all, probably you could say from 84 on that's what
I
It was good.
Well,
what?
Well, just now is not a great time, should be moving around
I
think.
Like
you think she doesn't care about Covid?
man.
All
So,
thanks.
How old is your sister?
Yes, I am. I'm a child immigrant. I was born in this at the time, the soviet union in Russia. And and I had one huge huge move that at the time was very traumatic and I think partly as a result of that and then I lived in southern California as a kid for as a teenager for six years, which was pretty miserable experience. And then, but like I think as a result of that, I just like that was just like one move too many. Like it's like I've had I've had my moving for the lifetime and if I can help it, like I don't mind moving from one adjacent town to the other or something, but like I'm like, no.
right. And I don't want to meet all new people. I mean I love meeting new people, but I don't want to give up my old people, you know?
Yeah.
What?
What?
Stop.
What were you, what were your stereotypes?
And
flat. Right. But
I am really flat, right.
Yeah, because I don't think, I think the flat is like, you know, like the Great plains basically and Ohio isn't really that yet.
Mhm uh It's true. I've never, I am from a flat, like my was born in a flat ish area, you know? Not well, I mean a swampy like area, so it's like river delta, right? But I've always lived always lived by a big body of water. I've always lived in port cities, you know, or very close to a port city and like I can never imagine just sitting in like a, like a huge plane with no like ocean or sea in sight. You know
what?
Uh huh I feel like how does that work? How do you live? I mean, it almost feels like there's no water, you know? But of course that's silly because there's a water bridge.
Fuck
Where?
Well,
yeah, they don't really must go to lakes to like swimming stuff, right? Or do people?
Are you like in an area that's like uh corona wise, like that's like believes that there is such a thing and like
I just, I I know that it depends on what demographic you're part of and what you, what kind of news you get and stuff, but like I find that just
unreal. Like I'm just like, okay, it's a disease and it can make you really, really sick. It's not really political. You know, I'm like,
do you really want to risk that for yourself or your loved ones? I just don't get people who are just like either who are just like devil may care or who were actually opposed to it because it's like, you know, impinges on their credo or something like this looks like a disease.
This
is not true.
No.
And you can also be young and wind up even asymptomatic and then wind up with all this like all these complications later. It's like really what? Uh like I mean um yeah, I just don't get, I don't get it. And even in my area, well not so much in my area but like on facebook I have, I am friends. It
was just like they think that the masks are a conspiracy of some sort to like or like the lack of large gatherings, it's like you're counseling patriotism and saying no, I don't know, I'm
not
here.
Different branches.
Well, so we were one of the first places to walk down the whole bay area. Like in March, in mid March. They locked us down and we had actually, they were like using the bay area and then California in general as a, like a poster child for like, you know, like we dodged a bullet right? Then they started opening up and they started opening up a little too quickly and then infection started searching more in southern California than in northern California. But even in northern California too. And I'm in a county that is one of the high infection counties.
Yeah. And I'm in a city that's the most infected city of the county and I'm in a zip code. Well actually this I'm like on the boundary between two zip codes but like where I go to walk my dog which is the next step over um it's like one of the most infected of codes of the city. So like pretty much here is
but but you know, you don't notice it like I don't I don't think, I mean definitely the hospitals aren't overwhelmed at this point. I have the right our and I don't I mean the feeling is not, I mean of course if there's a real for everybody, you know, but like it's not like you're walking around and hearing ambulances or anything, like it's not people just sort of like living their lives and walking their dogs and you know.
The
thank God for that.
Hopefully.
I
mean I you know it's a little thing with nursing homes terrible and like I I haven't I have a mom who is in her I guess you would call it late 70s at this point and she had a stroke a couple of years ago and she's right on the edge of being able to independently you know, which is like a heartbreaking situation anyway. And but right now with Covid it's like well what are the choices? And I have to because the last thing I want her do is like be able is to go into something. I mean she's not a nursing home patient at this point, but like you know what you could you know, I think about like should she be an assisted living? But
like uh we're not going there. Yeah.
I mean not that you would be prepared for that anyway, but I don't know, there's some kind of options that I wish we could use like you know get somebody to live with her part time or something to, you know, but just like people just have to sort of struggle through if they can right now, it's like that not a lot of good options. Um Yeah, like wow, I hope so. What's your sister, how did she come to work in a nursing
this is sorry?
Mother.
occupational therapy is a really interesting profession and I as I understand it's like a banding field, like it's enough on coming. Yes.
Great.
and it's like a crazy, crazy diverse profession, like you can almost do almost anything and yeah, I mean professional
you
But you could be like an expert in hands, an expert in the voice and expert psychology. It's like it's really interesting. Yeah.
I
work for
What?
What?
was recommended to me at one point as a career field, but I didn't wind up doing it. But you know,
I was wondering, well, I think we've done our believe minutes. So I guess you're graduating huh?
From
the from the No, I'm graduating from the But
Okay. But good luck with your school if you're
chatting
with
you. Okay, take care.