Yeah. Mm Yeah. Well,
Can
you hear the name?
but it's okay.
Uh what first are you on the west coast?
I'm in Ohio, so it's
10 here?
mhm Yeah.
Well how is the midwest? But we're like, I guess we're close enough to like the East coast that were in the East Coast time zone, we'll never have like actually on the water or anything, we're like next to pennsylvania.
nice to meet you.
I think this is # four.
Okay. Yeah, I had to that the people didn't show up,
but
yeah. Yeah, they've all been pretty good. Although the last one I had was like a little strange. It was like the guy, it was a guy and he was like Kind of groovy for the rest of another two were good.
Yeah. Like I wrote in the comments when I was filling out before and I was like, you probably should remove him from the, the study. Like the rest of the Yeah it was a little long time. What?
Why?
Oh yeah. Yeah I know, I like try looking them up a little bit. I know they're based in California and I got yeah I guess that's what it is. It has to do with like so going through action
and the way it makes us feel we'll go. But although
Now
yeah it is, it's and it if you're trusting with a lot of people I've spoken to have been similar in some ways to like you're the first person that I talked to on the west coast. Every
the other three people were all in new york actually. Uh
Um Cut off for a second.
What are you on?
What part are you?
Okay? My sister lives there. Yeah,
she's
only where I guess for about a year. Yeah. I don't really know much about it. I've never been there.
I do. I'm doing a graduate degree. Yeah and and biomedical and sporadic so it's like a biology computer type of thinker.
informatics,
bioinformatics
are okay.
Yeah. I like mhm.
And it can be like mostly just anything that's related to like medical, like like pharmaceutical companies or biotech companies.
Um even like consumer development companies, like the companies that are making like the food products and the make up, you know what I mean? Because like all companies like they need like some type of like science shirt
well right now I'm like doing the research because I'm in like I work the degrees through the hospital so right now um
it's more like, yeah it's more research and publishing papers and all of that. And then some people stay with like academic academia and become
for pastors, but I don't really want to do that.
I'm sure. Yeah. I think some of those, it's like pretty much or just staying within that realm. Yeah. With bioinformatics, I can leave. I mean I can get a, I don't know if I want to get a job at a pharmaceutical company but I can do it I guess. So. I probably will
look into
it.
So like just traditional biology is more like you're in a lab and you're actually physically running the experiments and what I'm doing is like basically after they run the experiments taking all this data and right now there's like actually like a ton of data
coming out because we have like some trade computers and technology
so there's all this data, but then you need someone to actually like analyze the data and the like program and like, you know what I mean? Like like it takes
a while to analyze it. So what I'm really doing is is the analyzing the data and then uh manipulating the data and making the graphs and everything.
Because
I don't really like love being in the lab with our blind chose this.
It's like a lot of statistics and you know, all of that type of thing.
No, I'm from New Jersey. No, never. It's kind of random. You've been here. But I like it. I mean you know it's very affordable because my friends in New Jersey they pay like twice the amount of red that I pie. And I get a little bit of a stipend. But it's not very much. So like that's like one of the good things, good things about living here is it's much more
affordable
and I don't really like, like big cities
or anything.
I'm like 45 minutes outside of New York.
You know.
yeah, yeah, there's a Lincoln tunnel I think.
I get
that
area
is bad. Yeah.
What?
Well?
Well,
yeah.
right outside of new york, like right across the river, it's pretty urban, but because that's like new york and Jersey city and Hoboken or like pretty good cities. But like, yeah, the rest
of New Jersey is mostly suburbs. Uh there's, we have a part of the state is like more rural, but like the part I'm from is by the coast. So it's just
like fire coast in New Jersey is just like suburb suburb suburb. Like being, it's
very like, you know, it's a lot of people but it's not like a city it's everyone has like yards and fences and all our lives. Yeah.
I don't like it but it's kind of expensive and it's busy. I mean Oakland would probably be a lot more expensive but.
Yeah I've heard a little bit. I think he's even more in Oakland. She's still in Brooklyn beforehand. I think Oakland is more expensive
almost.
You are? How long have you lived there?
What?
Whoa.
So long time. Yeah. My
sister. I don't really know why she moved there except
for she's one of those people who's very like into adventure and she's like moving to she literally can't stay in a place longer than a year.
So she's she moves there for a year, then move
somewhere else for six months and move somewhere else for a year. So I I don't think she's planning on staying probably once releases up.
Oh yeah. No I know.
But
yeah, I don't know if she's she's very right about all she's a little like flighty maybe
word
she you know, she does care about Covid because she actually works in a nursing home. So yeah, so she like you know ethically has to be like kind of careful about not getting it. Um I know she
gets tested every month and she cares about it but I think she just always think there's something better. So like she'll
probably leave because he thinks
she'll find a better please. I don't really understand
it but Yeah.
28. Well.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'm not a great moving to like a lot of work and it's a lot of work and then you have to be at all new people get used to holding the area.
Yeah, I agree. I mean it's like, like I had pretty much from here for the degree by, I mean, I wasn't like thrilled about coming here, but it actually is like, it's nice like um now
that I'm actually here, it's like a nice place, but it wasn't like,
I was like, I've always wanted to live and I live in Cincinnati, so I was like, I have don't always that wasn't my dream was to live in Cincinnati, you know, right? It's better than I thought it would be. So, I think like coming from New Jersey, I have like I have like maybe some stereotypes about the
midwest and no, but it's really not, it's not bad,
it's fine. Like everything is like, yeah, Thanks mom. I don't know what I thought. I thought it was gonna be a help.
Probably a little more like conservative and backwards and yeah,
I mean
clock,
it's actually not flat. There's Philly. Like I don't probably not as much as Oakland, but like I am a slaughter when I lived in New Jersey than it is here and
yeah, well, I think, you know, I think a lot of the rest of Ohio is pretty flat because like I have to drive through the entire state um to bed here because something that is like the very edge of the state and the rest of it is pretty flat. It's mostly like feels, but Cincinnati itself is actually like decently hilly. Like I live on a pretty big hill.
I think about that sometimes too,
like how far away I am from the ocean because I grew up like 10 minutes from the ocean And now I don't even know what I mean. It's probably like a 10 hour drive.
No, it does feel weird about, it feels weird because I mean there's a lot of like the,
you know, the culture and like the vacation stuff is centered around the beach. Like it's there like a big deal to always like everyone's always going to the beach and then here it's like, so non existent in comparison. It's just
like, I don't even know if people do. I think they get it legs
maybe.
there's some public pools. So, but I don't know, some stuff still closed because of the corona. Yeah.
You know, this area is like, okay. So that's like one of the things I would have liked. Thought I would have thought that Ohio would be bad with people like picnic along with the host. But they like, they like actually like wear masks and you know, people like care for the most part. But like the thing is I live in an area that's near the university so there's a lot of like young people so they're like a decent amount of people just like blatantly partying and whatever they want. You don't want friday and saturday
man.
Or
I know. Yeah. It's very strange. I mean, I think like people and bought it there. I love that. But they all just say that they're going to be okay because they're young, but
the horse.
No, no. I mean,
and then we're gonna, you know, like go see their parents and go see their grandparents and yeah, I'm going,
Well,
are
like
the arguments, people use film a dirty signs to me
also. Yeah. Is Oakland like has there been an increase in cases in italy
and
is the words?
Yeah, that's what it's like here until you're my sister, there's been no cases in the nursing home
that she worked.
Yeah, but I I know, I think pretty recently her she lives with another, like her roommate works in a different nursing home and there were some things as a not nursing home. So I think there's a little bit of a few hours of like her roommate spotted to my sister that my sister can spread it to the nursing home, but it hasn't happened yet. So like hopefully it will be I was married
sometimes
or or
Well
I feel like if you if you don't have to put someone in it's better to probably not. It would and
Who she does occupational therapy and basically like I guess there's a shortage
of occupational therapists and and a lot of parts of the country so she does this like thing where they try to temporary temporarily fill jobs and they like take people for like short term contracts, She just like does it all the time and that's why she ends up going all these different places social. Although right now actually she does have a full time job because um they change like they changed the insurance laws or something
and she basically had to get a full time job, but she hasn't been there that long. I think she's been there less than a year. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean honestly like it seems like a pretty pretty,
I don't want to say easy, you know it seems like it's interesting without being too stressful and they paid like a decent, like they don't get paid as much as physical therapists but they get paid decent money for.
You are,
you can work at schools, you can work in nursing homes and hospitals and we have.
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's honestly I think
more people
if they knew about it would be interested. I don't think, I think a lot of people have never heard of it like younger people so people don't go into it but it's like it's
less school and then physical therapy you know like and you make like don't make quite as much
money. Do you still make good money in comparison wow.
What?
North
Korea.
I think I am wow.
Thank you. Yeah
it was a good
liar.