SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. 30 minutes to do that and I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah why not? Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. 22 That's interesting. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it will.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. It's not off hey
SPEAKER_R: How you doing
SPEAKER_L: What's up?
SPEAKER_R: man? I can't complain. Beautiful day.
SPEAKER_L: where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the Atlanta area. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Maryland. Uh wow. Yeah I mean over here it was it's been 80° today which is fine with me. Uh I just came back from running outside so I want to get used to probably want to take advantage of the temperature before it gets too cold.
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine what city are you are you closest to in Maryland?
SPEAKER_L: Washington D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I actually a long time ago man I used to be a flight attendant and I was based at the Dulles a long time ago. Yeah yeah but today was perfect man. I have a touring bike. I don't know if you're familiar with the touring bike,
SPEAKER_L: Um Are you talking about one of those bikes that sorry? I I don't know what is it?
SPEAKER_R: it's a bike um where you can actually you can go on trips like global trips if you want to nationwide trips. My bike is a certainly this trucker and uh she can hold up to £300 over human. And I can also have rex that I just bought for On the front and back up to 55 lb of gear man. It's amazing bicycle touring. So
SPEAKER_L: You sorry
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: what I do I I ride my bike every day. I've I've had a bike now for two years but this new bike I've had since last October but I get out there and I ride 2-3 hours a day. It's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. 2-3 hours. Okay. um I I do that essentially both running like I I work out two hours every day. Um It's funny enough I never learned how to ride a bike which is pretty sad
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: really. You you can always learn.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I know I when my friends
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: tried
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: to teach me, but it's not, you know, it's, it's one of those bikes that in order to break, you have to fill backwards and that's the type that it was, it freaked me out too much having. Have you encountered one of those,
SPEAKER_R: you said in order to break you had to do what?
SPEAKER_L: You pedal backwards?
SPEAKER_R: No, actually you know what? Yeah. Uh one of my early bikes when I was like a kid like 56 years old. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I had to learn that I could, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But you see I'm listening to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm biking.
SPEAKER_R: Ah Yeah my old bike which I totaled. Um I went over the handlebars. I was on 100 mile journey. There's a trail called the silver comedy 60 miles and then there's a 40 mile trail is connected to it called The chief loaded a trail. So the silver comedies on the Georgia side and the lady gaga trail is on the Alabama side, it goes from Smyrna Georgia To anniston Alabama, about 25 miles into it. I don't know what happened. Some lady said that my back tire skid on the rock. I went over the handlebars and uh I fractured my teeth. They were uh, I'm not having abrasions over my face. When I went down I tried to brace my fall, they said it was a miracle because I didn't break my wrists or my arms. But uh what was crazy about everything? I got back five months later,
SPEAKER_L: Water.
SPEAKER_R: I bought another bike. So it's all good. My name's jeremy by the way,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, my name is louis,
SPEAKER_R: Who is nice to meet you?
SPEAKER_L: what is this? The first time you're doing this?
SPEAKER_R: No man, this is my 4th time.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. This is my second time. The first time I did it, I realized that we never said we never introduced our names until the end. So I'm glad you reminded me. So at least at least we're closer to the beginning. But yeah, I like running both racing and also just like looking at professionals like that's my sport. So I know there was a relatively famous american triathlete dad, I was in high school, he was really good and he was very promising like he was gonna go to the olympics but then on one of his biking sessions he it was in colorado and he skid and he fractured so many parts of his body and it ruined his career. So
SPEAKER_R: I can believe it.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's just like I'm scared for you, make sure you're safe both in terms of like traffic and also you know just the smallest things can happen.
SPEAKER_R: I'm still out there. Uh there's a lot of bike trails around where I live that can take me the 12 miles that I need to get to Atlanta. So for the most part, I'm not really on roads but I'm not gonna lie a good chunk. About 30 or 40% of my riding is on roads. When I get to Atlanta, I'm on the roads. Um it is what it is. I will say this to you um once I crashed it only made it better. Well for me.
SPEAKER_L: You're safe for now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well the thing is this uh as you can tell, I am a black american and uh my first bicycle that I bought as an adult I bought from a black american owned bicycle shop. And the guy who owned the shop told me was from new york. He but he's here in Georgia. He said, listen brother, he said there's gonna be a lot of brothers are gonna laugh at you for wearing a helmet, but I need you to do something where the helmet. So they told me louis if I didn't have it on, but I was either going to be in a coma, uh, brain dead in a coma or dead. That's what they told me. And I've had significant, I shouldn't say really significant, significant. It's significant, but it is a traumatic brain injury and like I said, I had to go five months without being able to ride a bike. Um, I still have some issues with memory, but it is what it is. But I will say this um, when it's something that you want, you will, you'll go for it and it's what it's what I want. But I do recognize the fact that every single day, uh, that I am putting my life at risk. But then I think of folks that are still right planes, I don't drive a car. But I think about people who drive cars, people who walk, um you know, people who just walked through neighborhoods and stuff happen to them. So I mean we, we all have risks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm happy to hear that you're not bowing down to peer pressure because that can, I mean some people it's effective and it makes them do stupid things so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well there, there have been quite a few people um okay, I've never had this conversation with a white person, but I'll have it with you. So
SPEAKER_L: just you know, I'm mexican,
SPEAKER_R: okay, do apologize about that.
SPEAKER_L: no problem.
SPEAKER_R: And but I've never, I never even had this conversation with a non a non and I should say a non black person really, but check this out. So part of me grew up in predominantly white environment, but now I live in predominantly black environment as an adult. And so I grew up in upper middle class environments where it was like, look, if you want to go for it, my father is a physician, that's how we lived. But now being in this environment like for the past five years, as soon as I crashed, it's like bro, what's wrong with you, get your ass off that bike, You know, it was like, it was like, it was a completely different mentality and so what I've had to kind of, I'm going to say I had to fight it,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: but I had opened my mind to the fact that other people view life in a completely different way. If I'm making any sense, they view, they view life completely different. Like, hey man, if I would have crashed, like the black people live around now, like if I would have crashed, they said I would never buy another bike. But what they don't understand is this, this is the connection, buy me riding my bike. I am able to meet people like you that run, I'm able to meet people that walk people who also ride bikes. The world is a world that exists within exercise, that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm. Do you do any races?
SPEAKER_R: I do five K sometimes, but I'm not professional at that. As far as five k with Jogi. Um,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but as
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: far as no,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, no. Um I am not competitive in that sense. Trust, my bike is a road bike, but it's a road bike designed for carrying weight. But I am surrounded, 99% of the people that I come into contact with on a day to day basis. Our road bikes that are designed for speed and those guys are wearing their spandex and they look at me with my rex on my bike and they're like whatever, but
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: check this out, I want to say something about them. If they were to ever go to the uh, what's that race they do in France. The tour de France. They, they would place last,
SPEAKER_L: I know I mean I know i it depends what level you're talking about but I'm pretty good at local races but any time like if it's a race that offers money to the winners and that brings real runners and like I'm nowhere near the top and it's funny because it's in my area, the races that Like the top prize is 300 bucks. All top 10 are Ethiopian names because.
SPEAKER_R: Dude, your area is Ethiopian like D. C. At least there's a huge Ethiopian diaspora or people
SPEAKER_L: huh. No I've I've learned quite surprising. I mean I don't know what the source was but I read like the top 10 most diverse cities in the US. diverse uh meaning it's like the closest to 25% black, 25% White, Hispanic Asian. uh my exact city, my exact town was like top five and then Much everywhere like 877 or six the top 10 were Maryland. So uh my my girlfriend's Peruvian, I'm mexican, I grew up in both California and florida. So I'm used to having mexicans be the predominant hispanic community. And
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: up here and then up here I learned that it's peruvians and with um ovens and like it's just it's cool to know that because I would have never thought that just like I would never think that there's a large Ethiopian population here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I remember when I was a flight attendant like I said it based out of Dulles. Um and I live near Herndon. I don't know if you've got to be familiar with Herndon
SPEAKER_L: Yeah here in
SPEAKER_R: Virginia,
SPEAKER_L: Virginia.
SPEAKER_R: which is where I lived and you just see Ethiopians all over the place. But also because the D. C. Area is they call a recession proof because of the federal government being there. It attracts people from all around the world just because it's Washington D. C. But but but definitely I mean you say Peruvian in Guatemala. That's that's awesome man. You know uh to have that diversity down here we have a ton of diversity as well. We have um a lot of folks from china of course big Taiwanese population. Um We have a lot of folks from different african countries, the caribbean. Um, but you're not gonna believe this, There's a, there's a, there's a county north of me called Gwinnett County And about 40 to 50% of the county is Asian for the school system. So, you know, living in the south. But what's great about Atlanta is that you're in a, it's a blue dot in a sea of red. And then we, we have the world's busiest airport, of course Hartsfield. And we, we, we have a lot of flights from all around the world that come to Hartsfield. Um, and I love it because there's a street, tell you really quickly about the street called Buford Highway. Uh, there's two areas chambliss, Georgia and Doraville Georgia. We're, Buford Highway is located that I'm talking about And you have probably 30 or 40 languages spoken just in that area. Uh, and there's so much diversity when it comes to restaurants and businesses. I love it. At one point in my life, I lived in China and also Taiwan teaching English. So I love a mandarin chinese.
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: So it's
SPEAKER_L: you speak it?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit. But the problem is this when you live in an area, let me, let me put it this way, when you're, when you speak english and you're abroad. The first thing people want to do is practice their english with you. They don't want to practice chinese. And so, but for me the beautiful thing is this, um, what if uh, There's a language program, the beginning, intermediate and advanced levels. The lady usually had them for like six or $700 online full courses, But I was able to get them like five months ago for $300 altogether. So for the rest of my, for the rest of the life of the program which is not going away called yo yo english I do believe and I have a bunch of books so the goal is to eventually get back to that intermediate level. You lose so much when you don't speak it. It's just the way that it is.
SPEAKER_L: I I lost a lot of my ability to speak spanish. I'm slowly trying to get back into it. Uh But also it's funny you bring up uh speaking mandarin and having, having a county near you with a high chinese. I thought you said asian population, but I mean where I'm from Germantown Maryland Again, again it's one of the most diverse, it's like almost a near 25% split all four ways and I was placed in a school district that at least the like the A. P classes, like all my almost literally all my friends are chinese, like I I honestly all the time I don't remember any Hispanics because all my friends are chinese, so
SPEAKER_R: Got to I believe. Okay Germantown from D. C. About how far is that?
SPEAKER_L: Without traffic I'd say 40 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I've been there near the downtown area. I remember a soul food restaurant, I just had to have it and I and I drove the Germantown with my girlfriend at the time. We both for flight attendants and I've been I've been in Germantown small world but I think it's great that the fact that again that you've had the diversity that you had, I had a lot of diversity as well. Um I love the fact I mentioned this. Um Growing up I went to an all white high school basically. So It was a
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: top 100 high school according to US. News and World Report public school. Uh We had I think eight eight Black Americans including me. Um my class had 843 students. They're probably maybe two or 3 other black Americans with me in my class. But all together we had 4000 students. All for as far as I use the word minority because globally I'm not a minority. Um But anyway I
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: use the word minority because that's what we use in America. Um Their
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: more like a minority, a power minority I get
SPEAKER_R: Exactly that's how they use it. Like you're you don't you like power, you like money,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you like resources, you like equity in your home blah blah. I want to go on and on but check this out. Um What was great about it? Lewis I dealt with about a racist crap, but I also got to meet so many different types of white people that were often to so many different types of uh cultural uh styles, music, just everything. And um it was it was it was diverse in that sense. Um But as far as college, once I got to college, I love that. I went to college in 96, graduated in 2000 for my first degree. And that's where I I think we had about 4-5,000 international students at southern Illinois University Carbondale. And it was great Because we had 5000 black Americans down there. About 4 : 5000 international students. For the last three years of my degree, I lived in an independent
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: international dorm, which was great. So you know, um I'll give one quick example. We're watching CNN and
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: you have 30 different ethnicities represented watching CNN and everybody is yelling and screaming at the TV about how CNN isn't telling the truth. It's just amazing. And my first degree was in political science. So I took a lot of international foreign affairs classes and my professor without one of the professors would always say what's going on in the world today and living in that international dorm, you had to know what was going on in the world as far as you know everything. And uh like I said I've lived overseas Uh visited like 12 countries on my own. And I've always wanted to be I don't want to say different but I just wanted to have a brain that kind of viewed the world not from a T. V. Screen.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that makes sense. He's now so many questions. Okay uh and I feel like I'm interviewing you which is cool. Uh First question is I I think I know the answer but I just want to hear you say your view, why do you use the term black american? Why
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: that your
SPEAKER_R: like I've been to Ghana I went there to set up a study abroad program when I was working on my masters and when I got the gun, I discovered something lewis just that one country and I'm putting my finger up for a reason that one country had 200 different ethnic groups, 300
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: languages in that one country. And guess what? None of the cultures could I understand. But because of this black skin, so many different cultures said to me, you have
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to know who we are. But the white people who are with you, they don't have to know the cultural rules. And I was thinking to myself like I'm in my early 30s at the time. This is a bunch of bullshit. I shouldn't have to learn all this. I'm black, I'm not African. But then I also had an african person say to me a long time ago, I am an african american. I am from africa when I was looking on my first degree and I'll never forget how he made me feel very copy. So for me
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I am a black american now don't get me wrong, I'm a black american which the sentence will never say this, but I'm saying this to you since you asked. I'm a black american descendant from transatlantic slavery. Now as far as getting the D. N. A. And all that stuff done, I'll probably never do that because I also that Germany me as well also helps the native american in me as well. And uh okay uh for me when you got all that going on can you? It doesn't make sense just to pick one.
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: So if you really want to ask what I really, really am, since you've asked, I'm a human being having an earthly experience.
SPEAKER_L: I mean to be fair I didn't ask what you were, I just asked why you used the term
SPEAKER_R: No no no
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: no, no, but I wanted to give context, it's always important to give context. See we live in a world Louis that is uh 42. But we live in a world that's based around Twitter, 140 characters who live in a world where people, I only wanted to say one little thing, but I've read a study that said this, the fact that we live in a world with social media, social media is all about limiting expression. But guess what happens when you limit expression through twitter and facebook? You actually create more arguments and more disengagement.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Uh yeah you
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: know I'm trying to think of something I can share. So
SPEAKER_R: cheer,
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: cheer.
SPEAKER_L: something that's vaguely related is when I go to Mexico to visit my family, they get annoyed when people say that this country is America because it's America is a set of consonants. It's not
SPEAKER_R: It's a confident, I've
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the official name of Mexico is also estados unidos. In Mexico, the United States and Mexico. So you can't just say this country is United States, Mexico and the United States also. And you can't say it's America because it's, you know, at least from the mexican perspective it sounds so um so selfish that you call your one country, the name that dozens of countries is
SPEAKER_R: did regularly,
SPEAKER_L: so. No,
SPEAKER_R: but you
SPEAKER_L: it was interesting.
SPEAKER_R: but you know, I've I've heard this before, I used to teach a G. B. And one of my students uh was Mexicano and uh oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm so proud of him. Um He was able to pass everything. Um And he would always he would say that he checked me one time in class. He said jeremy this is not um America because I said that one time and I didn't think about it. But then I've also seen the history where America considers and I'm saying America is America. No disrespect,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: consider considers considers considers the rest of this of the continent southbound northbound. By the way I'm not talking about Canada but they consider the southbound of the U. S. A. To be America's backyard. They consider
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: to be their colonies. You can hold the banana Republics. You know when you start looking at the history, you know the same thing that's going on with the chinese in africa right now. The continent of africa is the same thing that we've done. We've created revolutions, we've killed had people killed through our C. I A. I'm not, you know, I'm telling you stuff that you can look up for your own, for your own. So when
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: already aware.
SPEAKER_R: when people, when people talk, most people don't talk about these kinds of things we were taught and I want to tell you this, I'll never forget. I went down to to loom and in uh America richard saloon, which is um it's one of the ancient Mayan ruins. Oh my God, so beautiful. So one of the things that I learned in black american studies is that there's a connection between Africa in Mexico. I don't know if you ever heard of the roman kids? O L M E. C. But
SPEAKER_L: All maxima toll techs are the people that are before the Aztecs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but but they have the heads with the brains and everything and you begin to see the connection the cross. I'm not talking about one culture. I'm talking about cross cultural connections that you're able to see. So I was told in America the U. S. A. That the Aztec culture dot off. But when I went to to loon a tour guide was Aztec, he began to speak the language. It's so many things that we've been taught in this country that are false.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: When I went to Ghana, I discovered the slave dungeons for the first time in my life, I got to go to last bath where they washed us for the last time and then marched us to the dungeons and then we go to the door of no return. But then when I went to to loom, I was able to see how they were able to take a sun dial and they could know what time of the day it was. They could know with the seasons. I mean, it's amazing all the things that these people know, but they were told that their beneath us and if these people lack in civilization, it's all bullshit. I'm sorry for cursing, but it's all
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: bullshit. And at the end of the day, man, I think it's so important for us to travel, to grow, to go and that's part of what I'm gonna be doing my bike for a couple of years. I'm just going to travel and go and grow because I've already done it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Whoever is going to listen in our, in our conversation, they're going to find the beautiful return to the beginning that you just made that he brought it back to viking. So um.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no,
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, no, no. I didn't. It wasn't a return. It was just just, just, just get
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you. But
SPEAKER_L: I'm just saying it as a poetic note.
SPEAKER_R: I got you. I got you. I'm smelling, I got you. But it's like we, we, we live in a world like Covid has given people an opportunity to do something that they've never done. I'll give you a quick example of some people who did something a long time ago. Not really a long time ago, but a long time ago to most people when hurricane Katrina happened, it was a great thing for certain people. Why for the first time in their life, they were, they were forced to leave new Orleans and they had to go to other states. So there's a guy who's in Washington who is in west Virginia. They told him point blank. Your chef. If you ever leave the city line, we'll shoot and kill you. You got to stay here Right now with and for what I'm saying is people were able to go and able to explore and they were able to see more than just their environment that they were in COVID-19 I truly believe for those that see it as an opportunity, it will be a chance. There's a group of high school students right now that are biking the country. They didn't know what they wanted to do before going to college. So they said, well, let's bite the country with our
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: teacher. But I think whatever it is you want to do with your life. Just what, like, what do you want to do with your life or what are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Right now I've worked I mean I'm not really career oriented but I work at an L. E. D. Company as an engineer but outside of that I love running and cooking and I'm just getting ready to start my life with my girlfriend and soon to be fiance.
SPEAKER_R: Also congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you
SPEAKER_R: So, I mean, what type of engineering are you off
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: into?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a chemical engineer. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's beautiful man. I don't know too much about it. I do. I do know that stem is all the rage for like the past five years.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry what is it? The Range?
SPEAKER_R: Still
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah and it's mostly I mean computer science but you know any engineering will do fine. Oh yeah but again overall I'm not career oriented. I I'm just I'm interested in that subject and it pays well and it's a secure job so that makes me happy and it makes me able to do other things that I like them.
SPEAKER_R: you're cooking and you're running anything else?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, uh, cooking, running, I watch movies a lot. Like my goal is to always the past three years, my goal is to watch 100 new movies a year, new meaning. I've never seen them, not that they just came out, but you know, I, I see, I always hear of like the greatest movies list and I have so many years to catch up on, so I feel like I got to start on that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. Um, I don't watch television. I haven't watched TV since like 0607, which is fine. But I still keep up with the Internet. Of course. That's what I'm talking to you right now. Uh so I threw people, I learned about television shows but I keep up with the news. Keep up with sports. I know that my M. B. A. Is in the bubble. I wish I could actually be going to the games again, which I always do. Um as far as movies. Uh maybe five or six years ago, this young lady taught me how to use red box to get free movies. So if I wanted to, which I won't do, I could easily um create a fake a fake email account and get a free a free movie. So I've watched
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: a lot of movies through a red box and then I also stream illegally. But on the flip side I have a Prime account for amazon and I watch a lot of prime movies that way I go back and I watch movies that I've seen before. One of the movies that it's really been amazing to me that I decided to watch because it came back to prime was inception. I just, there's something about that movie that I just love.
SPEAKER_L: Just that, Or are you a fan of Christopher Nolan overall?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I like that movie and all the different concepts that are in there. I have a feeling that when, when it comes to art, the more times you experience something, the deeper you can grow and go into it. It's just a thought that I've always had and
SPEAKER_L: Not only, Not only the frequency, but also the timing. Because there are some movies where I watched it when I was like in 9th grade and it doesn't mean anything to me, but when I watch it later on and I realized like now it's hitting home. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yes, yes, I've had those experiences um, with movies, remember buddy told me that I'm quite a while ago. Um Kind of the same example you gave where when he was a child, it came off one way, but when you get older it comes off differently. So he was telling me it's really awesome if you can watch a movie like every 2-3 years just
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: to see what you pick up next time. But um wow wow, wow, I'll be I love love that now. Something else that I love. Okay, I'll tell you about it. Yeah, there was an app
SPEAKER_L: Everything
SPEAKER_R: that we had in the Atlanta area called in we Go. It was the most amazing thing louis For 30 bucks a month. You as many major league baseball games,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: basketball games, college football games. So we got Georgia tech down here and also Georgia state film festivals, music festivals, concerts,
SPEAKER_L: Here,
SPEAKER_R: I mean on and on
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: on and on and on and on and on. I mean who's who? 30 bucks a month unlimited. I did it for two years and then they messed it up and they started charging uh three events, 30 bucks. But when it was unlimited, Oh my gosh man, in one month I would do 20 events a month. So I would go from seeing Zz top to Chris brown, then going to a film festival, then going to see the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra. Then I turn around and go see a play uh two times in a row, one the first day of the next day. And uh and then I go to one month, I go to like a couple NBA games but what was crazy the ushers, they kind of all go to the same you know events. So they thought that it was this this big baller man. But uh so I go to the NBA games and this guy was like man you know because they will see my hair and they're like we thought you were crazy man. I was like nah bro this is just me. And uh he's like well check this out. Any any game you come to, We don't care what your ticket is. You get 100 level by second quarter, thank you. Three
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: free.
SPEAKER_L: that's so nice.
SPEAKER_R: So I mean I can go on and on and on and on and on. But what I'll say is they mess it up in two years but I never forget going to a chili festival that they did. Oh I'll tell you something because I'm a foodie. So they did a chili festival. There were over 150 people making chili from restaurants just to people who just wanted to be included. But then there was one, Oh my God I couldn't believe that they stopped. They did a all you can, they did a barbecue festival called the Smoker Peach Festival. It only came one year. All you can eat brisket or you can eat ribs or you can eat chicken wings sides, adult drinks the third And all through this app 30 bucks a month. There was no hidden charges.
SPEAKER_L: Is,
SPEAKER_R: It's, I think it's in your city as well. But again, when, when, when we were doing it about a year ago before April April 2019 is when they, they messed it up.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'll check it out. I have it right here and we go, yeah, I'll look into it after the call. You're making me hungry. I I gotta start making my dinner.
SPEAKER_R: I'm already, I'm already ready man. I got, I got some some chicken breast has already made kind of strange man. Kind of strange. I figured a couple of months ago I figured I could use the super bowl to make my oatmeal. So I got my walnut
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: walnut raising and I had some brown sugar to it and then hold on, I love fruit man. So I got my grapes,
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: uh, what's that? Great plum and uh
SPEAKER_L: peach.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's actually a red red plum I got, yeah, I got peaches and all that stuff in the, in there as well, but I do apologize but check this out man, I think before I got on the car with you, Oh I had a a caesar salad, but it's amazing like how I how I eat, I like eating, man, I like I like food so I can't eat while I'm on here, but I figured you know what, I'll at least show you make you a little bit more hungrier,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well, I mean, I'm assuming you and I eat insane amounts of food just because of the level of exercise we do.
SPEAKER_R: you better believe it.
SPEAKER_L: So have you ever been to cheesecake factory?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, I don't go any longer, but yes,
SPEAKER_L: The food there is to my perception is too small. Like I need to eat before going there to feel satisfied because I eat a lot. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow. Well, I mean how many miles a week do you run? 50, 60?
SPEAKER_L: 15, and
SPEAKER_R: you you you you yeah,
SPEAKER_L: and then I do weights every day.
SPEAKER_R: okay, you hardcore Every,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I I can't lift, I do bicep curls with £20 dumbbells, it's not like I'm like hardcore was like £50 dumbbells and I'm
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: Arnold
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: fortunate.
SPEAKER_R: I'm saying I know you're not Arnold, but I'm saying you hardcore when it comes to that running man, you know what you gotta do?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I treated like a job, like,
SPEAKER_R: It is a job,
SPEAKER_L: I mean yeah, it's what I like doing, so
SPEAKER_R: I treat bicycle e like a job man as well. People, One of the things I can't stand about bicycling, sometimes I'm in my zone
SPEAKER_L: Rachel,
SPEAKER_R: and then I'll get somebody who wants to do the wave, the bicycle wave. And I'm like, man, like, I don't want to be a uh you know I mean, so I got to, you know, be on auto response and just be like, hello and just you know, go back to it. But what people don't understand like what you were saying, it's for me, it's it's a passion, but it's a job
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: and when I do it, it's a specific way that I have to do it in order to get the release. Not being disrespectful, but I'm talking about a squirrel right now. I'm not talking about a sexual release, I'm talking about getting my nut. I'm not because some people
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: ok, dina
SPEAKER_R: what what I say that people be like, what you're talking about like a squirrel gotta
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: get his net every day. That's what my bike is. It's me getting my nut,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and again, it's uh my I have overall goals, like overall race goals I trained toward, and then some days I don't like running, but again, I can't have that attitude where I just decided not to run that day, because then it's gonna ruin my overall goal, which I want to have, so that's what I mean, when I say I treated like a job, it's just whatever days I don't like doing it, I still have to go out and do the same thing.
SPEAKER_R: man. Are you, are you like my
SPEAKER_L: boy,
SPEAKER_R: uh, my twin, my spiritual twin, I
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: was just thinking this today. I can't take it off day. I think it's actually all the time. There's no such thing as an off day because an off day leads to what you were just mentioning. Also for me,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: if I have an off days and I can say, well, maybe the next day can be the update, No, no off day. So even for me, if it's just, you know what, let's just get a light sweat and a light sweat, still going to be 78 miles riding a bike, Let's just get a light sweat because I'm fooling myself because I know once I'm out there for 30 minutes I'm gonna go for my other hour and a half, it's not that's not the problem. And I live in a very hilly, uh George is very hilly, so um you're gonna you're gonna put in that work in Georgia where I'm originally from Illinois flat, so you know, it's easy to ride around there, but Georgia, oh no man, I uh this is a joke, I wouldn't have wanted to be a slave running the freedom in Georgia, but uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: how much,
SPEAKER_L: earlier,
SPEAKER_R: what's up?
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna say earlier this year, I got injured unfortunately, and that put me off running for a few months. So that was the lockdown, like the initial lockdown uh forced me. You don't need to turn the lights on. I got like a one of these bikes.
SPEAKER_R: Is that a pillow time,
SPEAKER_L: No way. No way. This is this is something that uh It's like a sunny, I don't know if it's a normal basic brands, but it was like perfect timing because of the health craze at the beginning of COVID, so people wanted their home gym equipment, so I got this for $230. And I. Yeah, and I I use it uh a normal day. What I do is I wake up early I like a little 20 minutes just to get my my body warm. And then then I do weights and in the afternoon I might run.
SPEAKER_R: also also awful. Now, wow, that's so you were talking about the craze that's going on, there is also a bike craze that's been going on where a lot of folks, because of social distancing they want bikes, but the problem is
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: the bike manufacturers over in china and Taiwan, they can't keep up. Also, some of the parts that the bike shops need to fix bikes, they're not able to get their back ordered. So
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: them?
SPEAKER_R: a there's a huge uh bike craze going on as far as the type of bike that I ride, it's been amazing the things that are that are going on, but I'm gonna flip gears real quick. Something I just read about Maybe three or 4 days ago, the amount of people who rent apartments that are afraid of their ripped being jacked up. So there is now a run on people buying homes for the first time that that only rented from apartments. But I mean the fact that you were able to get that bike for 2:30 bro, that's a steal and that looks pretty solid too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I on the type of person when I get it, I use it like right here and I still work from home because of the lockdown. This is my standing desk. It's currently in the sitting position just because I'm speaking with you. But like I've had it for five years and literally every single day I use it stand there are other people in my office when we worked in the office have standing desks too. But after about two weeks they completely gave up on standing and they just have it at their desk sitting the entire time.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: believe it up
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: with.
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: Well how old are
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you? How old are you? Ok, check this out. So you're not sitting terry at all? The average person in the USa is sedentary. And I had read a lot about people saying, well, you know what? These are the benefits of having a standing desk. I've seen it online three years ago as well. But the thought came to me well, if you aren't used to standing, if you're not active, if you don't move your body going to work isn't going to help you. It's something that you asked like what you do, you do it outside of your working hours. It's not just something that you do at work. Some folks that we're picking it up, but I remember reading about they wanted to do it because they claim that it can improve uh the
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: amount
SPEAKER_L: posture?
SPEAKER_R: of work that they got done
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: well, of course the posture, but amount
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: of work
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: you get done. and for me, the way I look at it, this is this is this is my scene, the world is my gym and get it like I love walking as well, but but get it, let's go, you know, and um but do you do you find uh
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: standing for, I mean, what what benefits do you find from
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I guess the logic that people that say that have is that if you're standing, your blood is flowing more quickly, so you know, it's gonna flow to your brain more quickly. Also, I don't know how accurate that is. At least when I first started using this desk, uh I would find that actually my work suffered just because especially if I it's like the day after a really long run, like, okay, I well, I I never completed that. The thought that uh not only do I have a standing desk, but I forced myself I'm only allowed to sit for four hours a day during work, so, like I actually I have a stopwatch, I'm like that insane when it comes to timing. So I have a stopwatch, I'm only not to sit for four hours a day, the rest I have to stand. So some days where like my legs are so sore and I'm standing does detract from the quality of my work because I'm just focused on my legs hurting, but then other times, especially when it's an emergency, like a work emergency situation where something needs to be done quickly, that's when standing up is I feel that really does help you think more clearly because you have all this angsty energy that you need to get out as you're working because you know that you're working under a deadline or something really important. So that's a way, just like if you're on the phone and you're pacing, that's a way to get your energy out and then kind of related. But uh if if it's a group working item that needs to be done and it's much easier to have a standing position and then have people crowd around your desk as opposed to you sitting down and then people like on there, you know like crouching down and see what's going on. So there are pros and cons, all the cons that I mentioned are self imposed, so it looks like it's pretty beneficial.
SPEAKER_R: of course, of course. I mean older older americans, one of the things that they've always done, they work in the garden. You see them walking um outside in the evenings walking the dogs on and on and on. They realize the benefits of being up and active. It's so beneficial for you in in ways that that you can can quantify and not quantify. You know, and my my my thought is food is medicine and movement is medicine. I've seen a guy with a T shirt on that said that, you know, movement is medicine, I believe that, you know, and you know, whatever it is that you have to do, you said you used a stopwatch. Those are the things that you do is self imposed. But if it's working for you, that's, in my opinion is it's what you should be doing, if it if it works for you, you know?
SPEAKER_L: That was something that was something I've had to learn. I took me when I was younger, I would think that if it works for me it must work for other people. So I would drive people crazy with my weirdness by saying, no you have to do is you have to time everything perfectly or you have to run as your exercise and now I I am older. I know better whatever you there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: No sorry sorry your camera went off
SPEAKER_R: No, it's just the way my head was. I kind of looked like I was, I was froze, I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so just and the best I'll compare to what I've heard about diets. The best diet is the one that you stick with.
SPEAKER_R: You better
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: believe me.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so so
SPEAKER_R: And you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: know, it's interesting, you mentioned, you mentioned diet, so I'm on a website called Cora and uh I have a a blog that I keep with a friend. Uh he's in new york, I've never met him, but it's a healthy living diet, healthy diet, a healthy living blog. And um call. And basically what's amazing about it is it's not
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: do it
SPEAKER_R: what works free,
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: it's not about being on a diet, it's about finding what works for you, you know, and and and try to bring that into your life. Um There's so many when I searched around for different um ways to eat, because I hate to use the word diet with different ways to eat. Everybody's got a plan for you and uh you know, but but the trick is you gotta find what works for you, you know? Um That's why I'm kind of wary
SPEAKER_L: Beauty.
SPEAKER_R: even uh with dealing with dietitians or, you know, other people who uh who eat well and exercise, I have to realize jeremy, you know, like no matter how hard I try, I'm not gonna be that person, I'm not gonna uh look like them if I eat their way that they eat and exercise, whether they exercise, it's just not gonna happen. Uh That's kind of why I told you at the beginning, I don't I'm not competitive when it comes to bicycling, just because in my own world I am a only competed against myself. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I I was about to bring that up. The good thing about cycling and running is you can choose to raise other people or raise yourself.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: You can
SPEAKER_R: I I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I kind of finish was just saying erase yourself so you have, you can set up a specific goal that doesn't require someone else to be a part of or you know, you don't need that external competitiveness.
SPEAKER_R: You don't want one of the things that I discovered I am. So, when it comes to being perfect in that sense, I I'm always trying to beat the me from yesterday, like, what what did you from yesterday do, what can you do to beat him? And my aunt taught me a long time ago that what's the saying that people use practice makes perfect. My aunt said, no, that's not true, Perfect practice makes perfect.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: Not just
SPEAKER_L: I said, what I say is practice makes better, That's that's all that's what my take on it is the one. That's what I say.
SPEAKER_R: gotcha, but if I'm kinda dope telling them what you were saying, which treat it like a job, there's a specific way in which, you know, it has to be done in order for it to be beneficial for you. So that's why for me, perfect practice makes perfect. Because if I don't do it in the way that I know it should be done, I'm just wasting my time. And that's not just with exercise, that's with everything that I do in life. If I'm not doing it to the best of my ability, are you familiar with the group? Oh my God, They have a song called Optimistic
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yes. Mhm. Let's see. Is it a chance? Is it a sounds
SPEAKER_R: Radiohead
SPEAKER_L: of blackness?
SPEAKER_R: Radio and that's a different one that I know Radiohead.
SPEAKER_L: Oh. Oh yeah. I know. Ok. Computer Well.
SPEAKER_R: great
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: I don't Yeah, that's my music is limited. So radio. That one album is one of my favorites. But I don't know anything else about their catalog.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, well all I was going to mention was on the song Optimistic. There's a saying that he sings, If you try the best you can do, the best you can is good enough. And I have this mm
SPEAKER_L: No. Sorry, finish your thought.
SPEAKER_R: And I I have that phone on my um on my one of my phones and when I'm writing I keep that going. If you try the best you can, the best the best you can is good enough. Uh My best I had to teach myself isn't your best or my dad's best or anybody else is best but but I have to know if I'm being honest with myself whether or not I was doing the best that I can because I tell myself usually I would say okay today a minus. You know I mean just get honest I very rarely give myself uh a plus or a sometimes I'll be like you know what you could have been a little bit better be plus you know it is what it is but it's just a self self analysis, so to speak.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. I was I was gonna say that I uh like the reason I say practice makes better as opposed to the other way that I've heard it, which is perfect. Practice makes perfect. Is that the latter implies that perfection is the attainable goal. So you will always be left disappointed. And depends on the type of person who are some people left disappointed hunger for more which is awesome but then other people disappointed by it because it's always just out of reach. So that's why I just say practice makes better because it's I feel like it's more of a full proof saying
SPEAKER_R: Got chicken. One of my friends is uh
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: she's a psychologist. I worked with her, we when I worked at the university uh a long time ago, should take a long time ago, Up about eight years ago. Anyway, she asked me, do you want to be uh what do you want out of life? Do you want perfection? Or do you or do you do you do you want accuracy? And I was about to answer the questions. She's like, nope, go home, think about it. And I told her that I finally dawned on me that for me that I would prefer to have accuracy over perfection, recognize the fact that perfection.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh I you you were breaking up, are you there?
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can I can hear you now
SPEAKER_R: Okay, Okay. We're uh said a friend of mine has said to me, do you want perfection or do you want to accuracy in life? And
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I wanted
SPEAKER_L: then you went home for
SPEAKER_R: open
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: home
SPEAKER_L: and then, yep.
SPEAKER_R: and I discovered that what I do, what I want is actually accuracy. I want to be accurate. I don't want to be perfect. Also what I mentioned, if you probably didn't hear me was the fact that I know that perfection is an illusion. I know that perfection is impossible. I do recognize the fact that the society that I live in tries to make perfection seem like it's there. But the truth is it's not, but for me, as long as I do the best that I can, I'm happy other than that, I'm not comparing myself to anyone when I see other cyclists out there biking. I don't I don't compare myself to them. Um If I'm going up a hill, I'm going up that hill. You know, one of the first trails that I'm gonna do is the first bicycle trail created in the U. S. A. Called the transatlantic trail. It goes from the state of Washington to Washington D. C. And it was created during the bike centennial for the 200th year anniversary of the U. S. A. And I want to do that thing from Astoria, Astoria, Washington State to Washington D. C. And what's crazy about this trail? I didn't know this, but a guy wants to see me riding my bike. He told me about it. He said he did it back in the 70s. He said jeremy. He's like you're going to learn more about this country. Then you learn in your lifetime by doing that one trail like, okay, cool, no problem. But what blew my mind is when I started doing the research on it, it actually goes through my first college town. I can't I can't I can't wait for this. My friend, I can't wait because I know that everything that I've done with my life has helped build me into the man that I am today and trying to copy
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: after other people or compare myself to other people. It always left
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: me wanting. But just accepting the fact that I'm human and that I have weaknesses, have flaws, I'm not perfect. It's okay, but we won't prevent me from trying to attain a certain
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: smith it of perfection even though I know that isn't even really as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: But I I definitely agree with you. I do now. I don't want to keep you. I know this is your second time. Uh like I said, this is my fourth time doing it. I do know that in a two or 3 weeks they're going to be doing it again. I don't know if they will allow people like me to come back or not, but
SPEAKER_L: Why is that because because you did it so many times already? Mhm. Yeah. Mr well Mhm. Hello? Uh huh. Hello people? Oh yeah. Yeah. Are you there? Oh there you are, she's sorry
SPEAKER_R: Airport.
SPEAKER_L: you're you're out for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my my wife, I we can't figure out what's wrong with it. So I switched over to Xfinity wifi and uh, it is what it is. If it goes out again, I'm not going to keep you.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I do gotta go because I'm making food for my family.
SPEAKER_R: I understand. I want to say this louis it was it was a pleasure talking with you. You will meet, you said this is your second time. I think I met three females and you. one male. So uh it's it's very strange at first, but as you can see now, it's like, okay, you can do it. But I wish to you and your fiance and your soon to be wife a very happy life, continue running, continue doing what makes you happy and uh then kick ass. That's what I like to say.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you jeremy. You too right here.