Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. 30 minutes to do that and I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah why not? Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. 22 That's interesting. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. It's not off hey
What's up?
where are you?
I'm in Maryland. Uh wow. Yeah I mean over here it was it's been 80° today which is fine with me. Uh I just came back from running outside so I want to get used to probably want to take advantage of the temperature before it gets too cold.
Washington D. C.
Um Are you talking about one of those bikes that sorry? I I don't know what is it?
You sorry
go ahead.
Nice. 2-3 hours. Okay. um I I do that essentially both running like I I work out two hours every day. Um It's funny enough I never learned how to ride a bike which is pretty sad
but
yeah, I know I when my friends
tried
to teach me, but it's not, you know, it's, it's one of those bikes that in order to break, you have to fill backwards and that's the type that it was, it freaked me out too much having. Have you encountered one of those,
You pedal backwards?
exactly.
I had to learn that I could, yeah.
I'm biking.
Water.
Oh, my name is louis,
what is this? The first time you're doing this?
Nice. This is my second time. The first time I did it, I realized that we never said we never introduced our names until the end. So I'm glad you reminded me. So at least at least we're closer to the beginning. But yeah, I like running both racing and also just like looking at professionals like that's my sport. So I know there was a relatively famous american triathlete dad, I was in high school, he was really good and he was very promising like he was gonna go to the olympics but then on one of his biking sessions he it was in colorado and he skid and he fractured so many parts of his body and it ruined his career. So
I know it's just like I'm scared for you, make sure you're safe both in terms of like traffic and also you know just the smallest things can happen.
You're safe for now.
Yeah, I'm happy to hear that you're not bowing down to peer pressure because that can, I mean some people it's effective and it makes them do stupid things so Yeah.
just you know, I'm mexican,
no problem.
Well
mm. Mhm. Do you do any races?
I
mean
Sorry?
No.
Well
I know I mean I know i it depends what level you're talking about but I'm pretty good at local races but any time like if it's a race that offers money to the winners and that brings real runners and like I'm nowhere near the top and it's funny because it's in my area, the races that Like the top prize is 300 bucks. All top 10 are Ethiopian names because.
huh. No I've I've learned quite surprising. I mean I don't know what the source was but I read like the top 10 most diverse cities in the US. diverse uh meaning it's like the closest to 25% black, 25% White, Hispanic Asian. uh my exact city, my exact town was like top five and then Much everywhere like 877 or six the top 10 were Maryland. So uh my my girlfriend's Peruvian, I'm mexican, I grew up in both California and florida. So I'm used to having mexicans be the predominant hispanic community. And
then
up here and then up here I learned that it's peruvians and with um ovens and like it's just it's cool to know that because I would have never thought that just like I would never think that there's a large Ethiopian population here.
Yeah here in
Virginia.
Do
you speak it?
I I lost a lot of my ability to speak spanish. I'm slowly trying to get back into it. Uh But also it's funny you bring up uh speaking mandarin and having, having a county near you with a high chinese. I thought you said asian population, but I mean where I'm from Germantown Maryland Again, again it's one of the most diverse, it's like almost a near 25% split all four ways and I was placed in a school district that at least the like the A. P classes, like all my almost literally all my friends are chinese, like I I honestly all the time I don't remember any Hispanics because all my friends are chinese, so
Without traffic I'd say 40 minutes.
here.
what,
it's
more like a minority, a power minority I get
and
Good.
good,
yeah that makes sense. He's now so many questions. Okay uh and I feel like I'm interviewing you which is cool. Uh First question is I I think I know the answer but I just want to hear you say your view, why do you use the term black american? Why
is
that your
Thank you.
What?
Well
thanks.
I mean to be fair I didn't ask what you were, I just asked why you used the term
but
interesting. Uh yeah you
know I'm trying to think of something I can share. So
something
something that's vaguely related is when I go to Mexico to visit my family, they get annoyed when people say that this country is America because it's America is a set of consonants. It's not
Not
only
that. Yeah. And
I
yeah, the official name of Mexico is also estados unidos. In Mexico, the United States and Mexico. So you can't just say this country is United States, Mexico and the United States also. And you can't say it's America because it's, you know, at least from the mexican perspective it sounds so um so selfish that you call your one country, the name that dozens of countries is
so. No,
it was interesting.
What?
No.
In
the
I'm
already aware.
All maxima toll techs are the people that are before the Aztecs. Yeah.
Thanks.
It's
Yeah. Whoever is going to listen in our, in our conversation, they're going to find the beautiful return to the beginning that you just made that he brought it back to viking. So um.
I
know
No
I'm just saying it as a poetic note.
Good.
Right now I've worked I mean I'm not really career oriented but I work at an L. E. D. Company as an engineer but outside of that I love running and cooking and I'm just getting ready to start my life with my girlfriend and soon to be fiance.
Thank you
people
I'm a chemical engineer. Yeah.
Sorry what is it? The Range?
Oh yeah. Yeah and it's mostly I mean computer science but you know any engineering will do fine. Oh yeah but again overall I'm not career oriented. I I'm just I'm interested in that subject and it pays well and it's a secure job so that makes me happy and it makes me able to do other things that I like them.
Oh, uh, cooking, running, I watch movies a lot. Like my goal is to always the past three years, my goal is to watch 100 new movies a year, new meaning. I've never seen them, not that they just came out, but you know, I, I see, I always hear of like the greatest movies list and I have so many years to catch up on, so I feel like I got to start on that. Yeah.
what?
Just that, Or are you a fan of Christopher Nolan overall?
Not only, Not only the frequency, but also the timing. Because there are some movies where I watched it when I was like in 9th grade and it doesn't mean anything to me, but when I watch it later on and I realized like now it's hitting home. Yeah. Yeah.
Well,
Everything
No.
Here,
I don't
know.
Is
that's so nice.
Is,
Okay, I'll check it out. I have it right here and we go, yeah, I'll look into it after the call. You're making me hungry. I I gotta start making my dinner.
what?
This
peach.
yeah. Well, I mean, I'm assuming you and I eat insane amounts of food just because of the level of exercise we do.
So have you ever been to cheesecake factory?
The food there is to my perception is too small. Like I need to eat before going there to feel satisfied because I eat a lot. Yeah,
15, and
and then I do weights every day.
I mean, I I can't lift, I do bicep curls with £20 dumbbells, it's not like I'm like hardcore was like £50 dumbbells and I'm
Arnold
fortunate.
Yeah, I treated like a job, like,
I mean yeah, it's what I like doing, so
Rachel,
good,
it's
ok, dina
what?
yeah, and again, it's uh my I have overall goals, like overall race goals I trained toward, and then some days I don't like running, but again, I can't have that attitude where I just decided not to run that day, because then it's gonna ruin my overall goal, which I want to have, so that's what I mean, when I say I treated like a job, it's just whatever days I don't like doing it, I still have to go out and do the same thing.
boy,
No.
And
Yeah,
earlier,
I'm gonna say earlier this year, I got injured unfortunately, and that put me off running for a few months. So that was the lockdown, like the initial lockdown uh forced me. You don't need to turn the lights on. I got like a one of these bikes.
No way. No way. This is this is something that uh It's like a sunny, I don't know if it's a normal basic brands, but it was like perfect timing because of the health craze at the beginning of COVID, so people wanted their home gym equipment, so I got this for $230. And I. Yeah, and I I use it uh a normal day. What I do is I wake up early I like a little 20 minutes just to get my my body warm. And then then I do weights and in the afternoon I might run.
Thank you.
You know
them?
Yeah. And I on the type of person when I get it, I use it like right here and I still work from home because of the lockdown. This is my standing desk. It's currently in the sitting position just because I'm speaking with you. But like I've had it for five years and literally every single day I use it stand there are other people in my office when we worked in the office have standing desks too. But after about two weeks they completely gave up on standing and they just have it at their desk sitting the entire time.
So
so
to
All
My
posture?
No,
I don't
know.
What?
What?
Well, I guess the logic that people that say that have is that if you're standing, your blood is flowing more quickly, so you know, it's gonna flow to your brain more quickly. Also, I don't know how accurate that is. At least when I first started using this desk, uh I would find that actually my work suffered just because especially if I it's like the day after a really long run, like, okay, I well, I I never completed that. The thought that uh not only do I have a standing desk, but I forced myself I'm only allowed to sit for four hours a day during work, so, like I actually I have a stopwatch, I'm like that insane when it comes to timing. So I have a stopwatch, I'm only not to sit for four hours a day, the rest I have to stand. So some days where like my legs are so sore and I'm standing does detract from the quality of my work because I'm just focused on my legs hurting, but then other times, especially when it's an emergency, like a work emergency situation where something needs to be done quickly, that's when standing up is I feel that really does help you think more clearly because you have all this angsty energy that you need to get out as you're working because you know that you're working under a deadline or something really important. So that's a way, just like if you're on the phone and you're pacing, that's a way to get your energy out and then kind of related. But uh if if it's a group working item that needs to be done and it's much easier to have a standing position and then have people crowd around your desk as opposed to you sitting down and then people like on there, you know like crouching down and see what's going on. So there are pros and cons, all the cons that I mentioned are self imposed, so it looks like it's pretty beneficial.
That was something that was something I've had to learn. I took me when I was younger, I would think that if it works for me it must work for other people. So I would drive people crazy with my weirdness by saying, no you have to do is you have to time everything perfectly or you have to run as your exercise and now I I am older. I know better whatever you there.
No sorry sorry your camera went off
Okay, so just and the best I'll compare to what I've heard about diets. The best diet is the one that you stick with.
There's
yeah, so so
and
just
do it
that.
Beauty.
I I was about to bring that up. The good thing about cycling and running is you can choose to raise other people or raise yourself.
You can
no,
I kind of finish was just saying erase yourself so you have, you can set up a specific goal that doesn't require someone else to be a part of or you know, you don't need that external competitiveness.
what
I said, what I say is practice makes better, That's that's all that's what my take on it is the one. That's what I say.
Uh huh. Yes. Mhm. Let's see. Is it a chance? Is it a sounds
of blackness?
Oh. Oh yeah. I know. Ok. Computer Well.
But
I don't Yeah, that's my music is limited. So radio. That one album is one of my favorites. But I don't know anything else about their catalog.
No. Sorry, finish your thought.
Yes. Yeah. I was I was gonna say that I uh like the reason I say practice makes better as opposed to the other way that I've heard it, which is perfect. Practice makes perfect. Is that the latter implies that perfection is the attainable goal. So you will always be left disappointed. And depends on the type of person who are some people left disappointed hunger for more which is awesome but then other people disappointed by it because it's always just out of reach. So that's why I just say practice makes better because it's I feel like it's more of a full proof saying
well
Hello?
Uh huh I you you were breaking up, are you there?
Yeah I can I can hear you now
and
then you went home for
it
and then, yep.
What
what?
Yeah.
Yeah makes sense.
Why is that because because you did it so many times already? Mhm. Yeah. Mr well Mhm. Hello? Uh huh. Hello people? Oh yeah. Yeah. Are you there? Oh there you are, she's sorry
you're you're out for a while.
I mean I do gotta go because I'm making food for my family.
Thank you jeremy. You too right here.