Hello? Can you hear me? Hello?
Good how
are you?
I'm glad you showed up. I've done this twice
and nobody showed up. Yeah.
Hey?
I think actually get up early before the kids
get it. Yeah
minor asleep still so. Oh yeah that's good wow You have
25 minutes so. Okay. Uh I don't
okay so we can do that and set a timer.
I was gonna look, oh yeah okay I have to find it. Yes sorry. Okay
yeah I got it going.
I want to find where the timer was
on there.
Three
uh
11
10 and four. Yeah.
Do you have how many do you have?
that's a good age.
Right let me tell you the four
year
old.
But you know he gets wild with him. He's the funniest kid. What's the stuff he says you know? Yeah
that's funny. He brought me a chip. Looked really and um it was like you know he said mom was state, does this look like I was like, it looks like California. He said you're right. Did though I hope for the picture of it because they really do look like California. So
why
not?
Yeah. Well we have been doing
uh part of like the United States and he usually remembers texas because that's where we live, you know, in texas. And so but he remembered that California was like, what's so nice,
You know,
He's still funny.
and it's cold here. Drew In Texas. We were like when I was 16 yesterday. This is weird with this weather. Yeah.
what state are you in or?
that's cool.
it's pretty big. We're closer to New Mexico, so our
weather is kind of like there's I guess it colder here than The rest. So uh yeah. Uh my daughter is the oldest to 11 and Yeah 1111 is an agent, right?
You
know I think what's going on here?
What?
That's what she thinks, that's what she thinks. Yeah, she's like well I'm already old. No, she's
so funny.
continue
with
All
and she can't fault good 10 years old. Flying 11 attitude. Where'd it go? She's a good people but it's so funny, just like me. Yeah,
funny
like. Yes, That's right.
I wasn't expecting this until like 16 but you're now
funny
when
they get
added to all. I didn't do,
I was always well I was the oldest so
I have well on my dad's side I have a brother
and a sister and then on my mom that I have a sister and two brothers and me and my brothers got along good but me and my sister didn't, She's
uh three years younger than me, so she
was, she don't talk to me that much now.
Oh my goodness!
Iraq and you probably
have your family now.
No, we're uh
that's so funny.
Mine got mad at my grandma, and me and my grandma are really cool because she was more like a mom to me, you know?
Then she got my her, how do you remember what for? And she blocked me too on like social media and seven didn't want to talk to me and as color is like, well why you want me, you know? And she said just because you're going to take her, said so I don't want to have nothing to do with either of y'all, and it's been two years on the she's talking to us.
Mhm. It's just kind of job,
Check out mad time. My sister
is
no more online. She hadn't spoken because well, she blocked us and then I was like, well, I'm tired of this, so I'm gonna block her back. So that way if she tries to get on here again, you know, then she's just
gonna she's going to deal with
All
What?
What?
Well, I was just because like, she'll block you and then don't ramat at you and then she'll get back on them or you know, it's like, you know, you're just gonna have to deal with it, you wanna act like this, then you're not gonna be able to talk to me, you know, Unless you call me,
you can call. Yes. No,
I don't know. But yeah. Crazy
siblings. Uh
My mother to my brothers, I'm closest to, they are one's in college and the other one he's manager at a walmart somewhere so we're pretty busy. But they're good kids. What?
Oh okay. So minor split too.
What's
what I mean? I just
didn't come home or something.
It's
that
look
great over 10 and it's like what? But yeah I don't know. It seems like so long ago
I was so white.
I'm 30.
I just turned 30
in July.
I don't know. It was like once I got dirty I felt old.
I
want well they Because I don't know I turned 30 and I was like I'm old now. You know my husband is older than me. He'll be 42 this year I think it's pretty old at least. I'm not that I think
could.
Oh yeah he has that. He used to have 1 1st. We have longer hair again I'm
and he had a real nice hair and he had like a balloon irritants. Well he saw his his weird but like he's bald now so he shaves it. And one time before he just started shaving his head like you couldn't really tell
unless you are looking above him and
more of the technical
and he was sitting down on the floor playing with the kids
and uh I think it was my middle son, he said, wow, what happened to your head? Did mom brings you and cut your hair when
you're asleep? Yeah, I
relaxed but he was just go involved up there, you know, it was so
funny.
One of the little place but many styles is weird. His beard is gray though, so like is he just getting old? But he looks you know like his face looks young, That's funny. Uh
But
his parents were so I mean he was men on his family were so I'm surprised but I'm not surprised there. But.
Mhm. Well I think he got 40. I was just like, well you're
over the hill now, you know Honey.
I don't want more if it's 40 or 50. But yeah. It's the over the headline. Yeah. It's so funny.
We
did it for my grand mom when she turned 50. She was like
66
now. 57 something like that.
What
wall here? It wasn't too long walking my grandma. Okay. Shit.
Yeah. She's 60 certain.
my goodness. Too old for that.
whoa.
They go We'll probably do. It feels like I'm going to be 30 for the next 10 years of thing.
yeah. I can't. Mom. I know you have informed me when you were zero. It's honey.
Yeah. But I'm gonna be 30 for the next 10 years and then I was like 040 And my husband will be 15. So we
I'm like, oh you look for young you
know like are you and nice.
You know,
it's
funny when I'm talking on the film usually last point, can I speak to your mom?
I do these
there's a working site called grid space.
The big red's phase.
Okay. So we had and then
yes, do you? That's so funny and so
Yeah, me too. That's what I do for money. So and um yeah, so
when I caught and I have like we there's a couple like little chat forum, do you know that I'm on? And then somebody like yesterday they said I just got a little girl. Was that you? Yeah. And I guess what was your name? I think it was bolson. They was my name. I had to give
like,
you know, it wasn't Jason and I'm like, yeah, that was me there. Like one, you know, I got a little girl.
So funny. Oh,
now expected.
It's
so funny.
Well
sometimes they're like, because if the, cause can last the time, you know, then
it's easier than calling what kinda, you
know?
And some of them were only like a minute so
to
So
those will
Oh, tickets please. Yeah, I do that at firm. When I first went, I was nervous,
I didn't either and then needs enough to make up everything more. And so I would want to do two or three calls and when I be stressed out about it so I would just Stop. Yeah, 1 1,
the last two, two mixtures. We had those are easier for me because it gives you everything
that,
so I've done
the whole thing on those.
But before,
Well what I wanted was okay too. I'm online. The ones where they were like, uh, I don't know for like internet companies or whatever. We have okay. And do those. But the, and they were given some strange symptoms.
I laughed on one when an accident because they want to live with my parents and I was like, oh, sorry, that sounds serious.
I have an L and when I had one that said, I have an elephant on my chest or something and the person that I had laughed, so
I'm like, well we are not
the
only
one,
that one.
So
I was like, man, because it's more try to view for a festival, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, okay. You know, in their little
That's funny.
That's
And they've paid the clothes that I messed that I missed the first time. We did those. I
didn't miss something in my own authentication failed. I didn't know what that we had to get a ride or something and what I meant
miss something and um, then, you know, the rest of them, I figured it out, you know, but uh, the first one and they'll still pay for this, so.
No,
no.
we have been to woman. Huh? That's
good money. So.
I've been doing it. Uh
I've been important for almost four years, three years, maybe three years. But yeah, and then from a little quick, I got on and I think this year
after I started grid space have only been on for like spokes last. Uh huh december. I think so.
And I got three performs my first
week
because
there used to be these receipts, I don't know
if they smell
how long or not because I blocked the requester, but there used to be these uh receipt ones and they were like in furniture or some let the account number mixed up with the card number because I couldn't tell you
know, and I should have caught it because I was thinking well they have the same card number you more
but like the account one or something. And so I got them wrong and then they gave me my rejections
and they're not gonna always, you know until afterwards. So anyway, those help ever had. I haven't had any in the last three years. So
okay. I've got aboard one the other day and it was on a $5 stairway. And it said like the reasons were weird and it said something about 25%
of the time and uh about
get
yeah email and I was like you know I usually don't have problems with this you know and you know don't rush and still so I mean I can do them fast, worry about I mean not it shouldn't have been crazy fast for anything, you know. So I must like I just enquiring about why I got this because you know that wasn't clear and Uh you know all that. And so they messaged me
back
and they said that there was a problem in their uh
was something on their with their validation things and they sent me a $10 bonus
because I want been reversed. And I was like what? But it said I have to find something that goes wrong with it so that's never happened. And I'll
take though like help my day, you know? Yeah.
But are you on any illegal corns?
I
want
to work in the region on this.
I know
I'm one of the modeled on there.
or
is the
person,
here's your Tokyo now? My name is on
there is casing. So yeah.
Um, I'm under the mods on there. I don't
really do much, but
I know we have a good time and I don't have influence in real life. So.
Well like,
women who are originally from my husband's job, so I don't have any family here. Not that most of my family talks to me anyway. But you know,
I'm home and then my kids, they went to school here for like a year or so and we are in home school before the corona. Yeah,
that was a primer. But I haven't finished this. But uh Yeah, so we uh we home school uh this is a 30 year now, so we already you know homeschooled. Um my one plan is this they think he had
like a DVD or something like that, you
know? And he was really good at historic but he
was real bad but towards the teachers and then they
wanted a medicated
and stuff and we didn't think he needed, you know, you don't have this problem really at home. So
then my daughter was having trouble and so we just heard the home school, I was thinking about it for like a year before I actually did it. And then now that we do it, man, it's so nice, you know. NFL
long.
All
When you know, contest.
So
I went home.
Yeah. No, I want so I just did. And I'm glad because my four year old, you know, I was I couldn't imagine someone him now so expect well with all the corona stuff I'm just I'm really glad we made the decision
and are you wouldn't But it's it's actually a lot. Yeah, I can see his daughter. It's like, well why didn't I do this sooner? You know? So
more.
And
I'll follow along in this um website where it sets everything up by the day. And then you yeah. And then you can order your book on amazon um all this christian base, but you don't have to put like
the
ball,
you don't have to put the bible classes and if you don't want to. But you can, you know, but it's not going to have anything that's like controversial or anything like that because
it is christian based, but it's free. and
then
It's all in one home school.com. Yeah.
And
then when you set up your account we'll ask you for a donation but you don't have to, it says if you just click through, if you can't make the donation you can just click through and make your account and then you'll set up their account and put whatever courses you want on. Or I think the principle is getting
ready
and um there's on amazon, you can order the workbooks and we're not very expensive either. So um
Yeah and then it goes all the way up. I think they stopped doing the work books in high school, but by then they probably don't need them anyway, you know,
so young and so I follow along with that. But when I do a lot of uh agency mouths uh that's good. And if you do everything mouth like you can sign up for that three. Um it's like 999 a month one and then This is what
I did and I was gonna cancel it because I was like well I just decided to move later on or not. And then when I did they're like well don't go, it said something about an offer for $29 a year. Okay.
Yeah and
it's
usually like
61,
It's usually like $60 a year. So I was like well I'll go home and do that, you know on the other promotions. And so I went ahead and do that and so and you can print work shoots
off
of them and everything. Yeah. He's actually learned a lot from that too. So
Yeah he has it on, he has a Kindle, whatever it's called.
we
you
can
do that.
Well he uh we had the little kids uh the small fire and it was a kid's additional but it was not simple than than on I think it was black friday or something we got they have the 10 inch one and it's like a bigger screen and stuff and that
one's a lot better. And if you don't get the kids Virgin
it's like the same. It just doesn't have the case
it and
so we just went ahead and got that and it was really cute and it's really nice so it works pretty good. But so anyway our chats done but we'll talk to you. I'm glad I did this twice.
And last time because I have to do it at seven a.m. Before anybody gets up you know? And then last time I didn't like four or five times that my partner never showed up and then this round and this is the second or third time I
tried. So anyway, I'm glad and I'm glad I got you.
I
know I'm I'm usually super nervous and stuff, so
it
was
So you need to find me on there,
All
If you don't think this
and
Okay.
Right. Okay. I got it. All right. It was good talking to you.
Bye.