There's a viral video that chased six minutes. Yeah that was explaining. No they're making when women or just do dressed as a moment. Thanks to my guy. That is what it was scary. Like I was glued to the video I'm like oh God how you eat. Think about cats like that just to make yourself seem bigger than new york. I think he trapped. It was protecting babe So I think it was trying to eat it. I think it's trying to scare him out of the territory. Oh I know thank you. My person might let's go but the person I'm not sure. Right well yes. Okay well let me stress. It's not first. Yeah I know. Yeah. Little drink how sharing. All right. What's great about, Yeah. Yeah it's tough. Yeah. Mhm. What? What? 15. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. You put yourself what? Yeah look at you. Thanks joe. Mhm. That's what I'm missing your stop. Thanks. Use the same mistake. Of course check it out. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Hi. Okay
sorry
I'm good
But
that happened to me the first round. Okay give me just to get to be
careful but you know Sorry.
I
will. Yeah I've got mine in there watching the wiggles.
it's
What? Yeah. Yeah I like to do it. I like to talk for a minute and then I set a timer for 25 minutes because they say you like comes ooh computer all sorted.
Are you gonna sit 1? So, yeah.
that was fun. Okay
I usually have one. It's just my almost did so I was waiting on it to come back on. Uh huh.
So
how many kids do you have?
three, Wow hold
of it.
Pocket.
You've got bigger gifts.
When? And he's yeah he's like 1.5.
So even like a four year old seems like a bigger kid to mirror.
It's like
what
you put on their own shoes. It's such a big kid.
I can't really understand most of what mine says. Shit. He talked, that's sort of what he's saying.
that's really neat that he knew a
California look like on a map in the sport.
Dad
fried.
But
yeah, because what?
No, that is, yeah, that's pretty,
that is pretty good for texas.
I'm in south Carolina. I've got it all cause any lives in texas though
and yeah, yeah,
Fash.
think I would don't like, I don't have an 11 year old daughter, but I think I remember being 11 and like I felt like I
was already a teenager. So
I
have been alive for 11 years, right? Like I knew what was going on. I was wrong.
and
uh huh I told my cousin one time when her
kid was
like 16. I'm like, look, here's the deal with kids though because I was like 18 at the time. I'm like, you're only this. So I, I really understood a 16 year old. I'm like, you're only as you don't
realize that you're going to get older, you can only really comprehend however old you are. So you forever, if you've only been alive for two days, then it hours in eternity, Right?
Right. She's just trying to figure it out.
Kind of being, yeah.
it out when she's about 25.
What
back?
What?
I don't feel like that attitude earlier.
No,
me too. How many siblings do you have?
No.
I've got this is the way that.
What
my sister isn't either. The last thing I heard from my sister was she trying to say that I hit on her husband
and if you had ever seen her husband you would understand. I don't like them. I mean to home. Yeah,
I
did.
Yeah.
Yeah. It is.
Riot.
I don't know less the last time and my sister got to fight. I said, so I sit on this. Mine dad's been wife. So I guess like my step mom, but she's only a year older than me. So I have a hard time calling arrest that month. But we're growing at this point so it's like shouldn't go to feel or nothing. But
it was a little weird but I said something to her and then my sister got mad at me and then she ended up like completely writing our mom out of her head to the picture. Like so many shared pictures of my sister's kids on facebook to my mom. The last commitment sir.
it's a
I told her I told her, well I didn't tell her she's not talking to me. I told my brother to tell her she don't quit on me hither. Oh.
We'll see.
Well
you can't do that though because then she has to play the victim. Like I never block anybody because then they can't be like, oh well she's running for me,
She won't talk to me. Oh for me. For me. No, I'm always here. Like my
whole family does my phone number and my facebook and my uh
puzzle
don't know.
no.
Uh
brother's okay. Most of them, I've got I've got three brothers and one sister with my mom and my dad, and then I got to sisters from my dad and
No, so my brother's therapy, like I've got one, he's wild, but like he's still okay, but like I had my wild street when I was younger and then he does the right thing. He like he moved out and he doesn't keep his wild like in our dad's face or nothing, like he just stays gone always wild.
So.
And
And then my youngest sister is, they're not really old enough to be anything like the youngest ones 11 and I mean like I don't know.
No she's not allowed. It just can't. Do you think
she's
sweet?
How
are you?
Are you? I'm 28.
What?
All
Um The next It's just wild years. She had I said before all the time I aged myself like 20 years when I was in a while That's
like I'm not 28 I'm 48 like.
I think my husband
was born old like he's just
on
Practice.
Uh I started
getting a little bit. Yeah.
What?
What?
Yeah.
So
then he started shaving it.
Not spent 29
so he's not he's not gonna bother anything yet mother and I don't think you will like his dad's my fault. Yeah.
Bye
back
mm. Is it 40 when you have the birthday and everything is black or is that 50?
No it is. I think it might be 50 because I think we just
did that from us.
At
me
I don't know we did it for my grandparents but they're like 18 out, so I don't remember how old they
were. Like I don't remember what year we did it.
Uh
My grandma so funny. She was 62 for like eight years, 20 years like 60 forever. And then all of a sudden she was I didn't care anymore and she was like I'm 82. Oh.
She just jumped up like 20 years. It was so funny.
How?
Well I don't especially had to give it up like her kids were starting to get their sixties like they can't all be 16. Uh huh.
It is funny.
I think it's gonna start telling people I'm older than I am that way. I think I look that way. I think I look good for my age.
That's right. Well 30, I'll start telling people like 40.
I
how do I seem
to make much sense to me? Yeah.
You sound really young.
It's not.
I do good space.
I respect Are
you amazon turk too?
I must stay at home mom. Her soul.
And
No. Yeah, I
did it yesterday.
Okay. That's cute.
Mhm. Uh
My mom
has those two so we'll run into each other sometimes on there,
like it is etcetera. She tries to like she annoys people on purpose, like like you don't understand and she'll just be stupid
like having fun with it, she thinks it's boring.
And
Yesterday
they were really short though, like you only got like two minutes.
Well I mean like you only got paid for like two minutes
because they were 15 And it was like $1.50. So but
you know
like like she's my mom so I talked to her about it and she's just like she's just bored with it and so I'll get her and I'll be like your name's angie, right? And she was like yeah, I don't like stop it.
yeah, like my first couple calls, I didn't know what to do.
Thanks.
Everything the
first time.
Hi.
So
you're not getting the world where you're supposed to be sick and you have to make all the symptoms up.
they were all
I was doing this. You might have got me on a car. Yeah.
I,
and
you
can,
you
can laugh like you can
have a little bit more of them. Yeah. They're not super strict conference space.
Yeah. I just want to try. But it's not like I spent probably 10 minutes talking to one person about where I'm from in Alabama because they recognize my accent.
Yeah, like a cousin don't dig down there and what part? And it turns out being there because it was really close together. And so we talked for a minute,
I was sitting there and it was the first time I've been kind of off script or whatever, so I was like, there's no way there's no way they're gonna approve this. This is
Have
First one.
Well, because what they're doing is they're like, we're not actually taking calls, so it's not super important
that we get everything Exactly right there. Just
teaching a eyes how people talk. Okay, okay,
And people,
people go off the group sometimes, so it's probably good for the eyes when we do that. Mhm.
How long have you been doing all that in surfing? Good space and prolific.
What?
On everything a little bit longer than I am. I started everything pretty much at the same time because the same week that I was doing my insert, like the first week, you know, you can only do with the 100 hits Your first couple of days. You only get like 60. Could you guys, you hit on all those bad links and you have to do all the returns and stuff.
Did
you? I didn't get any respect.
What? Hi.
Record
here.
I wish one with which?
I am.
infection.
Really? That's really good. Uh, I've had eight rejections.
And
did you
ask the requester?
there
is.
huh. Uh huh.
Only,
Do not ask.
Yeah.
Yes. I mean all the forums, that's how I got on like prolific and um good space
to
fat.
chuck nation
and
I'm not super active. Like I don't always post anything.
Usually if I post anything, it's all like the Reddit. Like I
read
them all. Like I try to stay up.
All
yeah.
Where
I'm sorry, where she lived closer?
I don't either. It's just so much effort to meet people.
Thank you.
And
My own schooling to you. Uh huh.
Island.
All
What?
And,
and
No book.
Okay. Let me tell you the reason I want a home school and then if you want, I'll give you, that doesn't seem like way off base you. I'll give you my email and then like we can zoom chat or something if you want to, we can be long distance friends. I
want a home school because I think number one, the school
system that sucks. And then I do not want to have to explain to my five year old that gender is a spectrum or any of that stuff. It seems way too grown up of a topic.
to have to be talking about a fairly potty trained. Like if you've got to send, if you've got to send clothes because they regularly have accidents, like they're not old enough to these, are you
growing
up?
All
Well, I wanted to go ahead and get like a head start, so we're already doing like pre school, home school just so I can kind of get the hang of
writing lesson plans and stuff. So it's really more for me than him because he's on like 1.5, so like
is that really looked anything but
No
I'm
christian anyway.
Well
what's
the what's the website?
thank
you.
Back
the
Yeah.
And
All
wow.
That's
great.
I
pay more here for Disney plus.
You're
not.
But does it doesn't work on their tablet?
does it work good? But does speaker system we're good because I've always enjoyed that PBS tablet and
the speaker was horrible. Like it was a good
little
tablet.
He didn't hear anything. Yeah.
But
people
Over
and
What?
But.
Okay. That we
got each other cute.
I
never
had a lot in common. Yeah.
Well here look, let me give you my email and you can email me if you want to or if not if it's too weird. You can just never
think about me again.
I
know. Okay. So it's B R. I T T A. N. Law, A N N 0592 at Gmail. Oh,
So Britney in there are five knots.
You too. Bye.