Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Really? Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm hmm. He's got a great Uh huh.
Hi,
I'm good. How are you? Yeah.
Yeah, I started school soon. I'm really tired. I'm going to catch up on sleep. Uh huh.
Oh, see I wanted to do psych but too much science.
awful. I'm terrible at man
and
that's good.
Um I like figuring out how people think and what makes people act in the ways that they do. So it's kind of apology, but more of like a social way, I don't know. It's cool.
Mhm. Um so much junior and and undergrads, so not too much further to go. It's scary.
that's out of your,
And
College things, you
know how it is. Yeah. Right now I am looking for a job, just a job anywhere just to get some money.
But I don't know, It's so complicated. Nobody wants to hire nowadays.
I'm
not.
hmm,
Yeah. Honestly, they're not even that generous with the on campus jobs at my school. Yeah. I don't know why I can't get hired there. Mm.
Yeah, but it's fine. I'll figure it out.
You have a job. Yes.
Well,
Shit.
What?
wow,
hmm.
Him.
No.
What?
lot to take again.
That,
Yeah,
I'm doing my best to not have to go to grad school, but I probably will have to, I just don't want to do it
all.
I don't know. Um sometimes like, like to do social work and then other times I'm like, I don't really know. But yeah, I feel like if I do do social work then I'll have to go to grad school, but I just don't feel like it. I've been in school for too long. I feel like I need a break. Yeah. Help
Uh huh.
Good.
Well,
Yeah. Yeah, that's really helpful. Thank you. I did not know that I could actually do that. Mhm,
Two
what
happened?
that's incredible. Sure.
Oh
shit.
I
think.
Yeah, the concept and I think I want to work with kids more specifically, I don't know. Yeah. I feel like kids are a little a little bit easier than working with adults. Mhm. Yeah.
Come
on.
Yeah that's true. I still like a lot of activities in the class that I take classes that I take. I took a human services
class last semester and feeling activities where it was like
would you be able to help this? And I'm like I don't really
know, I would be so frustrated with certain people, like I definitely want to come to adults, whereas with kids like at least I know you don't know, but with adults I would just get a little too mad.
for sure. I used to work at like a Children's party place so you know it's like a lot of fun for the kids but then
the
adult
yelling at you and go perfectly right but the kids are having a good time, it's just don't want to have fun. Yeah.
Um a Sunni school, new parts in new york,
yeah, I'm from queens, so it's sort of like sidious vibes and I go to school upstate, which is more like middle of nowhere vibes and it's really, really weird at
first,
I liked
it because it felt it felt peaceful at first, but then there comes a point where you're just like, okay, I'm bored, I want to get on the bus and go somewhere, but you can't because you're in the middle of nowhere and their buses work different. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, it's like I need the stress of living in the city
hey.
I definitely need stress in other aspects of my life. I feel like if I'm to relax them things aren't right and I somehow managed to create some sort of situation so I can be uh yeah,
it's
like
one
and
Yeah I progressed it a lot, I'm one extreme or the other, I either do things as soon as I get it or I just put them off until the very last minute mhm Yeah.
What,
wow, I've never actually thought of it that way. At first, I was like no there's no way, but
now think about it, I'm like I do think of ways to do the things that I'm putting off, that's true, yeah.
and
yeah yeah, my God, that's crazy, mhm Uh huh
Yeah, I was I'm simone
okay, it's nice to meet you, that's crazy, we just like had a whole
conversation and didn't even ask each other's names, that's fine
that's me too. And
what
it's just one of those things where you're like googling ways to make money online without really having to do much so that's what happened with me and most of them are really but this is actually pretty decent
like most websites for doing things are pretty bad, you don't really make
that much money, this is pretty decent, I haven't made a decent amount.
Yeah it also just makes me really happy because it's in euros so then when you transfer it into U. U. S. Dollars it's more money that Yeah and I'm just like yes and I love that
and I'm like I don't really, when you have time on your hands you might as well just make a little bit of money at least. Yeah.
No.
I can't do that, do it all the time and not do my actual responsibilities
maybe.
I change
honestly.
I don't.
I think that.
Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I'm probably gonna do this instead of home work actually. Mm hmm.
It's bad. But Uh huh. Mm
It's really
That,
yeah. And I need everything that I can get okay.
Honestly not really that far. I just, it's only like two hours from the city. I just call everything that isn't the city upstate. So
it's not really,
it
is. Mm It's just anything that isn't here is like farmland to me. Yes.
No.
Um I sort of like it because sometimes I just need a break. Honestly, I do need a break because after being home for like I'm, I'm like losing my mind so yes. Area between so I could just have my own private life.
No.
Yeah. No, I it's really
strange being at home because I feel like after you're gone for a while, it's like you're family treats you a little better and they're a little nicer and then you're just like, okay, this is really weird, what's going on?
mm.
Mhm, mm. How many minutes has it been?
Are Yeah, that's honestly a shock for $15.
huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Alright, Well, it's been fun,
You
too.
Thank you. You too. All right. Mhm,