headed headed. Hello. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Hi, how are you doing?
I'm pretty good. Just you know, trying to get back into work after a whole day break. It's been a little bit of a struggle.
sorry, what are you going to school for? It's so cool. I'm a psych grad student.
Yeah, there's a lot of map. I've been like I'm getting a stats class right now and it's, I never thought there would be this much math in psychology.
It's definitely like it took some getting used to, but luckily we have computer city most of like the hard
calculations for us. Yeah.
Mhm. What do you like about sociology?
Mhm. Yeah, that's really cool. How far along are you in your program?
Yeah, yeah, I still remember being a junior and undergrad and I had no idea what I was going to do and it felt like everyone around me had like a very specific plan so
I very much feel for you and I promise you figure it out, like it will be okay. So what do you do outside of sociology, What's
the rest of your life like when you're not in class? Yeah,
Simple.
hmm, mm hmm. Yeah.
Yeah, I feel like especially when you're a student, like it's so difficult because you're not in one place consistently. Like I tried to get a job but then like go home for summer or try to get a job at home over the summer and they're like what you're gonna leave in august, so what's the point?
I got
lucky with like an on campus job at the coffee shop which was a lifesaver. Um
but like it's a real struggle. Mhm.
That's really frustrating. I'm so sorry.
Mhm. I'm leaving him.
am like as a graduate student um We get
essentially a stipend in exchange for working 20 hours a week and that kind of helps to make sure that like while you're in the program, you have enough money to like survive and kind of get your basic needs met. So I teach like I'm a lab instructor for stats classes essentially, so
I work with students trying to teach them how to use
different stats programs and when you use different tests, it's very exciting and they absolutely love it and definitely are not just terrified the entire time. Um So
that's nice
because it, it's kind of like within the psych department and the program, so it's kind of, it's not like my job is something completely separate. Uh and
then starting this next like february, I'm getting a job as a writing consultant, so that'll
be Like 5-10
hours a week on top of everything else. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I graduated school is like definitely it takes up a lot of your time and a lot of work takes over your life a little bit, but ultimately I like
what I do, it makes it not always like super easy, but it helps a little bit. Uh.
Mhm.
Yeah. Um Do you have
like why do you think you need to go to grad school? What's your long term goals?
Actually if you're if you want some free advice um a couple of my friends have gone into social work, like they're currently in master's programs for social work. And one of the nice things about what they did is they actually worked for Like four years before going to graduate school because a lot of areas that you would be working in social work, whether that be working directly with schools or with specific populations. Um
essentially like there are ways to work in those environments right out of undergrad. But the really nice thing is like you can spend a few years working there, get experience, be like, do I like doing this and if you like doing this and go and get your Masters, which is a little bit easier. I'm in a PhD program, so master is like, they
tend to be like, there's
less outside work. You're really kind of focusing for two years on like your classes and your thesis and maybe like an internship, but hopefully like that way you do get a break and you get to experience the real world and then once you're like, yes, this is what I want to do, then dedicate the time to go back to school.
Uh huh I think that it's really important to like find out like figure out what you are interested in doing and then talk to people who are doing that um because I did not do that for grateful at all, I was like this seems like fun, I'm just going to try it and then I realized
that there
are all these
resources available and all these people had like actually like gone and emailed graduate students and gotten more information and I was like that would have been so much easier and so much less stressful. Uh huh.
am uh
do you
have any specific ideas of like what areas of social work you'd be most interested in or
was it just like the
whole thing, the concepts, the idea.
I feel like yeah kids are really interesting because there is
so
much less kind of baggage with them. Like they don't have you know 2030 years of like this is how I do things and I don't want to change so they're like way more open and accepting. Um But at the same time like when it comes to the paperwork of it, the fact that you need to also be interacting with like schools and parents like it could get intense really quickly so it's always a give and take. Yeah
the
very
then.
Mhm. Yeah, I definitely got that. Um Yeah I worked in like the service industry for a while and even in that capacity like just there are some people who are very set in their ways and that I just don't appreciate Oh,
thank
you
for it.
I can definitely see that. Oh, where do you go to school?
Okay, so that's new york. Very cool. I am in Ohio, it's not great. But I am originally from like just right outside Chicago. So moving to the middle of the corn was a little bit of transition and it's only for a few more years. But I definitely have decided like I don't want to stay in Ohio, this is not excellent. Have you lived like around new york? Your whole,
How
is that
adjustment?
mm hmm. Yeah, I had a very similar thing where for the first couple of months here because it's like a tiny town, it's um like most of the town is the school and then they're like a couple of bigger cities an hour away and just the first couple of months it was like, oh nice, it's relaxed. Like you know, basically everyone. And then at this point I'm trying to like get out to a city like at least once or twice a month because I just, the usefulness kind of gives way to being very boring after a while
and lose. Yeah. That's really interesting. Like I never
thought of it that way, but you're definitely right. Do you feel that way about like other aspects of your life? Like is it just being in the city and like that um like activity or do you feel like you need stress and other like aspects of your life?
Mhm. Yeah. Oh that's so interesting that you said that because I have, I'm always telling like the other people in my program that when like a break comes around like when it's summer or winter break, I feel like the stress is gone and then there's nothing to keep me going anymore and I just don't know how to function without it. And I just Oh that's so
interesting. I
feel like
so many things were transported stress
and think of stress is a bad thing, but I've always found it to be like necessary. Do you procrastinate a lot of the ways that I just four stress to happen.
But actually I was reading a thing the other day that that was not helpful in terms of helping with my procrastination. But it was actually saying that like starting something and just like pushing it off and letting it sit is actually really good for you because it like you work on it in the back of your head like unconsciously
because you've started it and it's not done yet. Procrastination can be helpful,
but
like it just, it gives you motivation to like continue
thinking about it when you're not working on it in a way that isn't like I have to sit down and do it right now, but it can be more like creative and playful and think you can think of all the different options.
Also, I'm just now realizing I'm watching what your name is.
Uh huh Simone. Hi, I'm Katie. It's nice to meet you.
But
yeah, I feel like I do that a lot though. Like I'll jump into something and get really into it and then like I missed the first three steps because I just dove right in. Mhm uh
So how did you get into like doing prolific studies and things like that? Because I found out about it because I have a bunch of friends using it for research. So I'm just really curious
how like you found it as an underground.
Mhm. Mhm. You said most of them are really bad.
yeah.
Yeah, I made a decent amount and I like that because I um like I was trying to make an amateur account but then it was like we need your social security number and I was like I don't need amazon to have so I like that this seems uh it's like less invasive and also you make more money and just things seem higher quality.
That always makes me really happy. I like google the conversion before I transfer it over. Like how much am I actually get it and it gets me, it's like a little extra gift every time. Yeah.
Um
although it's getting a little bit bad now, there is something you can like add to your task bar where it will like tell you when there is studies available and I downloaded that and I feel like that could be a problem. We're going to start popping up when I'm doing other things and becoming a thing so we'll see how that goes. It might ruin my life, but I figured it was worth a shot.
Oh yeah, that's that's going to be the trick. But I also,
I don't know at least in like once
like classes
start up again because my like the school this semester doesn't start until like the beginning of february. So now I'm just like working on like research in my office, so I have the extra time to like, oh I can take five minutes to do this thing, so might just be a january thing
and then what real life starts again.
The activated,
Oh
it's just,
I don't know, like that school life is difficult and I could use the money, so I'm just kind of like
it's five minutes and it'll give me an extra dollar and that works for me.
No, no, no, no. Yes. Uh huh. So do you, since you live in, or you're going to school in upstate new york and you're from queens um like how far are you from your family and things like that?
that
makes sense,
That makes sense.
I feel like that makes a lot of sense. So do you like is that
that distance kind of work for you? Do you like having that two hours or would you rather be back in the city?
Oh yeah, I feel like even now um like I'll still for like christmas or like a week
during the summer, I like go home and visit my family and it's always so weird because it almost feels like time stood still there and I go back and it just feels like I'm still in high school and that always really weird things to my brain. Mhm.
What
you mean? Oh yeah, with my brother and I it was really strange because like, when we're together for long periods of time, like, well almost regress and start like bickering with each other again. But when I just come home, like all of a sudden, like we have a really nice like cordial relationship and I'm like, this isn't how it is, like, yeah,
it's like arguing a little bit more like very strange and then after like a couple of weeks or like even like us just both being in the same place the whole time, it'll start up again and I'm like ah there it is. There it is.
I have no idea. It says over here that it'll keep track somewhere. Uh Maybe. Oh we're at 24. Mm. Only got a couple like one more to go. Yeah. Almost done. I was expecting this to be like way more tedious and difficult and like pulling group but time has gone by really?
Mhm. Mm. That was exactly
how I approached it. I was like you know, talking to a stranger over the Internet is not my idea of fun today but like for $15 let's go. But there's actually been really nice.
Yeah. Yeah. Thanks so much for doing this and helping me make $15.
Good luck
with your future and sociology.
I don't know what the next step