Hello.
Can you already?
Sweet
everyone. How you doing?
Not too bad, no complaints. Yeah. So is there a specific set of questions we're supposed to ask her to have a regular conversation.
Gotcha. So what's your name?
I'm john nice to meet you.
Where you from?
I am from Kentucky, Central Kentucky.
Got you. Yeah, my, my brother used to live in Richmond, so been there and back a couple times to see him.
it's a great time,
come on.
Yeah. Has Covid had a big kind of impact on your work or school or anything or?
Well, that's
same industry or?
Who?
Okay. Got you.
Um I've been kind of lucky in that. It hasn't been too bad. Um I'm a student
here at the University of Kentucky, so um decides from classes going online mostly. Um I have a couple of horses that are still in person and it really decides that that's the only thing that's affected me. Um So I'm lucky in that expect, but uh a lot of my friends are in the kind of the same boat as you as a lot of like restaurant and uh food service jobs just kind of dried up because people weren't really going out to eat or if they were like they, you know, they didn't need as much help. But yeah, it's, I would say like a only 10% of the nicer restaurant or not nicer, but like some of my favorite restaurants have closed because you know, people either don't have enough money to spend to go out to eat or you know, they can't really pay anybody to work, so.
No.
No.
Bed Tony.
it's unfortunate, but uh I guess hope something gets better soon.
Do it.
Mhm. Is it uh commensurate with tech support?
Do you work from home or do you work at the office?
Do you? Yeah. Sorry. Good.
All
I feel like otherwise it would be probably kind of just on your mind all the time. I mean if you're I don't know if you share keyboards or if people are coming in at different shifts or whatever, but like that would drive me crazy if I didn't know somebody was doing it correctly.
Thanks. Do you have attacked background or?
that's uh
sir? Good.
No complaints there. Yeah, I am. I'm also a computer hobbyist um actually been out and about today looking for different parts. Um I had a had a system just completely die on me last week and never had that happen before, so that was just
in
dealing
with them.
Okay. I'm not sure. I've kind of nailed it down to either the power supply or the graphics card. Um I'm thinking it's probably the graphics card just because it's, I don't know, it's like the fans don't turn on, but they kind of like twitch, it's kind of weird, but uh so I try to replace it with an old woman I have and that didn't seem to work either. So now I'm using uh not this computer, this is a laptop, but I'm using an old computer for about 10 years ago, so that's what I'm you guys working on
tonight?
Yeah, I mean it works for when I used it, but granted that was also 10 years ago, so the games are a little more demanding now, but. Oh
Yeah, I'm not sure. Um I just just like completely cut out which is what maybe I think it was power and then after putting the Gpu in a different system I think maybe the power like shorted out the graphics card too.
Yeah I have no idea. But it was it was odd. I was just playing like Borderlands two which is like
speak with that. You wouldn't think that that would be the most demanding game but
Yeah. Yeah I was going to update the system anyway so like I'm not I'm not too worried about it but.
Yeah. Uh They like back ordered on or is it just really high prices right now?
joe.
Yeah that's so it was really frustrating but
yeah I had I had heard that that was the thing with PS five's like that would be available for like a minute and then they would all just get but
I
don't blame you.
Yeah. Yeah that's uh definitely like a different culture of games like I I don't know I mean I don't know if you ever pre ordered games but I I guess now they have like more I mean how I buy games is like through you know virtual or online stores so like available availability is never like an issue. So like but like and I guess the older generation so it was like you have to wait outside or like wait until a new shipment came or you just didn't get it.
12. Do you gain much or do you use your computer for other like programming or anything else?
Oh yeah that's a good game.
I have very good things about that too and I know that new boulders gauge just came out of the same kind of genre
that's that's probably safe. Yeah.
You know Yeah, that's a that's a
that's a good idea just because I feel like uh I don't know if you remember from like four or five years ago, it was like the flavor of the month was like uh early access survival crafting games and it was like rust, Minecraft blah blah blah. All these other games that would come out and there were early access and they were like just about like half finished,
but they would ship them out like in early access so that we could just start making money and it's like these games were just like not ready to play at all. And it was like
definitely getting sick of it just because like
I would have expected better right now, but Oh.
All
that's
No,
I think it's a good idea just because like I have kind of jumped the gun on some of those games before or like um like I've played like betas of games and it's like yeah, like I'm kind of glad like I didn't pay like full price for this or like there's definitely some work that still needs to be done. So like I don't I don't blame you on that just because Yeah, Plus if you really enjoy it, like, you know, you can only play it so many times and get that same first experience, so
Mhm. I mean they did set they did set a good standard for that as far as like they released a lot of content and they are still releasing a lot of content. They definitely set a standard that I don't think a lot of people get up to, but
Yeah, I wouldn't doubt it. So what do you do outside of gaming and and work?
it's it's
definitely uh I do remember having some uh I'm trying to remember the uh the place, it's kind of near the river, it's like under some bridges I'm trying, it was like a name for the area and I can't remember the name of it, but
yeah, there's a lot of like bars and restaurants and it seems like some pretty good music venues, so.
that's it, that's it, he hasn't lived there, so it's for so long time, I've been back in a while, but yeah, it was uh interesting place for sure.
yeah, it's it's been too long for not having seen a show just because there was a music video down the street for me that I would go to and see some shows and that was one of the victims of Covid. They just shut down because they just wasn't making any money anymore.
Shoot that's they give you any sort of refund or
enough.
So
about the Orlando Studios uh Global Pandemic Insurance package. She's
okay. Yeah. Yeah I had a one of my friends um she was gonna go see um 100 Gets the band uh Electronic noise ish band. Uh And somewhere in Kansas and they've kind of blown up since then. So like the tickets never to be that she begins and they had to cancel the show. So
yeah 100 G. E. C. S.
It's
it's kind of a hyper pop. It's like um I would compare it to like noise music. It's electronic but it's great into the ear you mind you might not like it first
couple of times.
Well
that's there's definitely some derived uh some derived qualities there. Um It's a lot like a knight corps. It's always kind of those things.
Yeah it's like what I've heard from people who like listen to Nike or like back in the day that it was like more popular. They were like this this band is like they make they take all the good stuff from it and leave all the bad stuff out and make like really catchy songs so you may like him you know there?
Yeah. Yeah that's as far as metal goes, I'm definitely more of a slower kind of doom metal stuff.
Oh yeah yeah. Yeah.
Um You're I mean you're in the Doom so I assume you're familiar with sleep
use,
I recommend Sleep there, they kind of uh like expanded the genre live and um I think one of their songs, it's called Dope Smoker, and it's uh it's literally like an hour long song. Think it
it's kind of like stoner metal, it's most of the music is basically about getting stones, but
I don't know if people are taking, but it's
it's
yeah, but it's it's still funny, it's um I went to uh try to go see them in Nashville a couple of years ago and there was some party or something I had been invited to and I decided to go to that instead. And then it turns out the show is like really good, and I didn't really have a good time at the party, so I was like, that was a bad idea,
you can't.
Um I started out with like doom and then kind of branched out into like thrash metal and then uh lately been more into like black metal and a little bit of death metal
just heavier stuff and then kind of getting more into like hardcore uh as far as like just like punk but like also kind of metal core, but yeah just I got my hands in every pot.
yeah,
you know?
yeah, I've heard good things with them.
I haven't. Oh.
Well
that
sounds a cool mash up this
tool fit into that prog metal at all, or?
Clears that always happens.
did you see them?
thanks.
Yeah, that's that's uh that's stepping out of my my knowledge for for metal, but uh I definitely have some friends that are really into tool and uh I think I've listened to open up a couple times just because I had read a lot of good things about them. But uh I'll give another listen just because
it's kind of nice though because I like a differentiation between, you know, album styles.
hmm.
That
sounds pretty tight.
I'll definitely, I feel that it's definitely a season for something like that. Nice. Yeah. Um
trying to think. I've only been to like one concert or like the festival. Um There is one in Cincinnati Ohio. Um I'm trying to remember the name. I don't think there was a specific festival name or anything, but it was a testament. Uh claim of God Behemoth and the headline was slayer, which was like, that was that was on their last tour, like their last like Goodbye to her. So
yeah, it was a lot, I'd never been to an actual concert before so like I just went forehead in with the intensity of
the
music.
Oh yeah, I had no idea what to expect. Uh huh.
I had no idea.
Yeah, I I liked a testament in slayer but I I didn't have no idea what behemoth was and that's kind of what got me into black metal just because it's pretty it's pretty cool stuff,
they're very uh just there's just satanic I guess
it's no that would
put
it but the individuals were super cool, they were all just wearing masks the whole time and not like slipknot esque but you know it's pretty cool though.
fighting them
No.
I knew it, I knew there was a genre I didn't know they really doubled down into the
into the
chips.
yeah there's some of the genres that I'm like I respect but
like I I just have not touched because I don't I don't know if I'm ready such as viking metal, Pirate metal um Folk metal. Um Just all sorts of crazy stuff.
Oh yeah I'm on a Marth. Yeah
I didn't know that. That's that's pretty awesome.
Uh Yeah.
Heavy.
Oh yeah we're already wasn't good to be good then.
All right just just close the window or
all right. Have a good night burner.