Hello?
Yeah, I can hear
you
All right, how are you?
No they just said talk about whatever
my name is brian, how about you?
Yeah, you too? Yeah,
I am from Virginia, where are you from?
cool. I was actually born in California so I have been all over. Yeah.
Oh yeah, that's actually where I am, is Richmond?
Yeah, it's really cool actually live directly like in the middle of the city. Um
So that was pretty cool like until Covid happened, which made that much less accessible. But
actually I was working in the restaurant industry so like I had a big impact on me. Um I was doing a corporate dining for a big company and since they were, they transitioned to working from home full time. Um The cool thing was that they paid me to stay home and do nothing for like six months. So
I got real spoiled on that. Um but it was weird, but I did actually get furloughed. I started a new job last week actually. Yeah,
no um restaurant industry is really in a bad spot right now and it's so you don't know how long you would actually have a job. Sorry I heard some people actually from my old job, they got a new job, another restaurant in that restaurant closed down or they went to another position that was open with the companies are working for like at BCU and then we see is like no we actually need you. Um
Yeah so now I'm doing um work for a home security company, doing tech support.
How about you? What what's covid done for you?
Yeah.
Yeah. A few of my favorite places of clothes, I don't know if you've heard of Metro diner, it was on like a,
what was it like man versus food or shrivels and dies
at some point, but they became a chain and they had like a couple of locations here, but they've been slowly closing down and like Covid, it was like the nail in the coffin. Um
Yeah, which sucks because they actually had a really good food. Um and I thought they were really popular because every time I would go at certain hours they were packed. So yeah, Man of viewers. Um mm Yeah.
Yeah. Like I'm glad I was able to uh
find something completely outside of what I was doing and I'm like, I'm excelling at it. So I've only been there just like my second week. So
yeah, tech support for a home security company
right now, we're doing four weeks of training in, in an office. But then after that we will transition to remote. But yeah.
Yeah, but it's really cool because like we go in like when we got in there, like they have, you know, cubicle set up, but like you're at, people are at every other cubicle like just having a cubicle apart and so nobody is directly in front of each other or next to each other, just just for the space. You know, we got the mask mandate the whole time were there and you
got sanitizer everywhere, so it's pretty, pretty, like I was happy to see that we can.
no, this is very much your stuff is your stuff, it's yours and when you go home you're taking it all with you and they'll give brand new stuff to any the rest of employees that are training. Oh
um not professionally. Um but I've been working with computers, like all my life has always been like a hobby, I figured now is a good time to transition back into her career, but
uncle,
but like a food was definitely hobby too, so you know, go back and forth. I definitely missed a lot of aspects of working the food, but this is cool too, you know, and I'm being paid more, so.
Was
it
like
it's a hard drive or?
that
that is unfortunate, I'm sure that you can't really do much with that one. Um
Yeah. Do you know if like when you were, when you had the problem that you have like graphical problems before the system died at all, like it was a graphics card situation, it's usually you'll get a lot of like artifacts or something on the screen. Yeah.
That's that's definitely possible.
It's old.
It isn't the best optimised game for sure, so I wouldn't, you know, put a passive melting a graphics card um Yeah,
I mean it's a good time to get him to grab his card right now, I'm like with the 30 70 out um if I'm gonna upgrade and probably probably gonna agree with that one when it's more available
um back ordered like when like I haven't checked recently but when they released it was definitely like oh they're available second
later, they're gone scalpers and immediately on Ebay for way more money.
it's not always how it is with like any new technologies, like I know the console, we're going to have the exact same problem with those come out this year.
Yeah, that happens every new generation. Um Remember when the we came out I was lucky because I stayed. Well okay, lucky is a strong term because actually stood in line for Like eight hours just to get it. Um I don't know if people do that anymore um I definitely want to do that again. Um
but that,
yeah, but I mean like I was still in college, I had nothing else to do so.
Yeah, like it's the digital stuff games has made things so much easier to remember um for the really popular games or even maybe like the less popular games like the more niche games that they're not really shipping out a lot, you had to pre order with a retailer or you probably won't get it on release day. Oh
I can when I can um not not as much as I used to just because I just yeah can't you know focus for so long anymore, kind of like get burned out um But I have been playing, I just finished um pillars of eternity too.
yeah, I just finished that and and I got like almost 100 hours into it. Um and that took me a long time. Um But now I started on divinity, Original Sin too. Sure.
yeah, it's out of early access so I'm not touching it.
Yeah like you can only play that game for the first time once you know what I mean? And holders Gate is such has such a legacy behind it, but I don't want to taint it with like uh my my character's hair is poking through his helmet.
I'm
but
that that trend never went away, like it only got worse. Um But I think gamers have much lower tolerance these days. Yeah
much,
that's pretty much, you know it used to be beta testing, you have this stuff, you have to sign up for now, you now you gotta pay for it. You got to pay to test people's games for them which is a while to me. But you know it's working for him so whatever. Like I think Baltar's gave three. The developer said they got over like a million um sales on it. The
data released. Yeah it's
like it's absolutely insane and I get it all there's a three is huge. Like that's what people like, people have been wanting a new dungeon and Dragons rule set uh C. R. P. G.
And I really want to play it. Like I'm stoked for that game but I will wait a year. I have the patience for it.
I mean there are some games where it makes sense. Like, I don't know if you ever played Minecraft but when that first came out that was early access and that was a huge deal. Right? If it didn't go earlier access, it probably wouldn't have got as popular as it did, I mean, I might add, but you never know. Um
Hey, I mean, I think that's standard they have now, a lot of that is due to the fact that it is so popular and that they can keep making money from that through like maybe not the gaming self, but like, you know, they sell servers now, they have a lot of merchandise, like I think that's most of the money they get nowadays.
Um I do some art sometimes, like a draw sometimes. Um I've got like a small little instagram with some stupid drawings on it. Um But uh I'd like to go to like electronic music shows before, which, you know, obviously I can't do and who knows when I can, but Richmond is really good for that, like I could just drive like 15 minutes in the downtown, like their shows going on. Mhm.
But
Uh huh I know you're talking about, but I can't think of it on top of my head, I haven't been down there actually.
Is it shocking bottom? Yeah.
Yeah, they got some wild stuff over there. Um but you know, I can't really go there anymore. Yeah.
Yeah, I actually bought tickets to a show like for like uh what in april that was canceled of course. Um It was really because I'm really looking forward to it. Um And we also we had also my girlfriend, I had actually bought tickets and hotel reservations for Orlando Studios to go like last month.
Uh kind of they were real stingy with it,
that they were real real crappy about it um because my girlfriend didn't order like the insurance on it or the warranty or whatever on the reservation. It's like wow okay. I guess I should have uh for so I said I guess I should be able to foresee a pandemic. I don't
know.
Yeah. Uh huh. But it is what it is.
He said like it was called 100 jacks.
Never
heard of them.
I
mean I like some affects when I don't know if that's really
good similar.
so it's like really fast.
Yeah. I have to check them out. I never got a night core. Um I guess just speeding up music, video music on Youtube wasn't really for me. But um I could see the appeal. I never really got into like at least listen a lot of metals and never really got the speed metal either. So it's I guess I like more low tempo stuff in general.
Hell yeah. Yeah. Iran uh one of my favorites is the is the rapture.
Mhm. They don't really put out anything anymore but I love what they've done.
No I'm
like I'm not real heavy in the doom but like what I've heard I really like I just I branch out to a lot of different stuff.
wow. How is it? Is a stoner metal?
That's
I
used to but not anymore.
Oh man it's X color.
Um But are you into like what other metals are you into?
corporate from.
I mean you definitely go with the like other direction from me. Like I got I got really into progressive metal. Um
Like I've seen O. P. F. Live which is amazing. Um You know they only could play like four or five songs in their set because they're all like 20
minutes long. Uh
Yeah they're definitely one of my favorites and um porcupine tree I guess they're like more progressive rock I guess. But um they're definitely one of my favorites and riverside, I've never ever heard them either.
they have their progressive rock but the few of the songs get a little hard um And they like to use keyboard sometimes
which is I'm
all for.
most
yeah I'm a big tool fan. Um I uh sad I was not able to afford to see them when their last toward a friend of mine went so jealous and he doesn't even listen a tool like that.
I did see a perfect circle though at the same show that opened up the set which was like, you know, a bucket list thing for me? I was they were like a headliner. It was amazing. Yeah,
it was um I can't remember what the festival was called. It was down in north Carolina, what was it Carolina? Rebellion? Yeah, they had mastered on there too, they
had a Kojiro that was there as well, and they're they're pretty broad G.
It really depends on the album and listen to that. Uh That uh opec is very different on their albums. They either go real hard or they're like way more prodding. Um Their older stuff is way harder.
Yeah, and I like, I just appreciate the vibe they have with like, you know, like Gothic six, kind of like spooky vibe. They got to really like melancholic. Um
Like, I don't know if you know this band that's on my shirt? Um It's not metal, it's carpenter brut but they're like a horror synth band which is kind of mentally as
an actual,
it's an actual band and um if only a few other songs have um vocals but like their stuff is wild. Um They have a lot of music videos, I would definitely recommend um turbo killer if you want to go on a ride.
Yeah
That sounds intense.
Without
airport
too, I'm sure.
Um For lamb of God man you need you need severe reflux. Um
That's cool though. I bet that showed a lot of fun.
I don't think I've listened to Bahamas.
That's
you
know?
That sounds awesome. Um At that test I went to um there was this band that those like viking metal.
I can't remember what that band was called. Do you remember what the band was called? Uh huh. Oh, it was like uh but like whatever it was called they had on the stage had
like a half of a viking ship and they were like on top of it, they had some dudes with battle axes and shields come out and fight each other. Um There was all of them had like a little viking horn attacks to hit their their constantly drinking out of it was it was awesome.
they
went
he went hard man. Like I never really got the viking metal until that show and I'm like ok, these guys Okay,
well,
The band is called a mono mars.
Very
Yeah, they were awesome. Yeah. I listened to him a little bit before, but I didn't realize just how into that they got and I appreciate them that that much more. Uh huh.
All right. Well I think we passed our time now.
Yeah. There was 25 minutes and we're at 7:30 now.
Yeah. I appreciate it.
Yeah. We can close the close the window.