SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah. Hey,
SPEAKER_L: Hi there, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Julia, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Julia. Am I supposed to press the next button on the survey?
SPEAKER_R: Um Let me check. I've done this one too for
SPEAKER_L: Do not move on to the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: language.
SPEAKER_R: think after we, I think it's after we do the 20 minute conversation,
SPEAKER_L: Got it. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so how have you been doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. That's why I almost didn't make this. I did just happen to check my prolific email right, like 10 minutes ago and I'm like, oh crap, I'm like, I don't get my laptop upstairs because my kids are downstairs being, you know kids and I'm like, okay, wait,
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: and of course my computer, I bump the battery so I didn't want to restart and took it and I'm like, come on, why are you so slow? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: right. So are we supposed to just have a conversation about?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're just going to talk about whatever I did this once before, a few weeks ago and then a really nice girl. Um I think she was in michigan or when the northern, I'm in texas, so,
SPEAKER_L: Got it.
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, we
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just chitchat whatever came to mind for like 20 minutes and then we answered simple questions about the conversation and yeah, easy way to make money. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, if you don't mind, I'll start. Um so I am currently in New york city. Um a lot has been going on right now due to the covid outbreaks. Um and you know what, the protests going on and being such a dense city. Um it's been a lot again and just like living in New york city in general has been challenging with everything that's going on. Um I haven't been using transportation, I haven't been going to work to the office and seven working remote for the last
SPEAKER_R: positions.
SPEAKER_L: 3.5 months. So it's been pretty intense and I work in a health care organization. Um so I'm a project manager and um I have been leading the whole COVID-19 preparedness initiative for organization. Um So I've been working maybe about like seven days a week
SPEAKER_R: The question,
SPEAKER_L: from seven a.m. To like midnight um
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: for the last month. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: it's been slowly getting better. Um Now that we're going through our recovery um base um you know we're slowly having patients come into the organization but of course you know that includes a lot of social distancing. Uh we're looking to you know, set up more touchless screens and having patients fill out the registration forms before they come in. Um So we're
SPEAKER_R: makes
SPEAKER_L: trying
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: to really phase out the whole waiting room. You know we want to we kind of want patients like not come to the office until they really you know they're called in for their appointment
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: help
SPEAKER_R: makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: for the outbreak. And I think it's really changing. You know, how we look at, you know, patients getting patient care um
SPEAKER_R: Also.
SPEAKER_L: and models and you know, we're changing slowly changing the health care industry how we look at it. But with that said, you know, I think we've lost so much revenue because the copa 18 right verge, we're trying to push, you know, the use of video visits and you know, getting patients more comfortable and you know, being able to be more open to using technology um, in getting care and it's been working out fine. The only concerns that for older patients who don't feel comfortable using technology. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I totally get that. But that's my mom all the way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's changing culture but at the same time like, you know, I think it's a good opportunity for a lot of patients and organizations throughout the country now that you know there's more of a spread they can reach out, let's say I'm from I'm from new york and you know, I want to see a specialist in California. I can do that for a video visit. Um The only
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: hard
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: does
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that even think about being
SPEAKER_L: call
SPEAKER_R: able to
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: see doctors in other states? That's really, you know, that is an interesting concept. I didn't think of that before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's well, in all about physicians agreeing to get credential in other states, so that's gonna be the challenge of doing that.
SPEAKER_R: After yeah.
SPEAKER_L: enough about me. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Well I, like I said, I love in texas, I'm just on the outskirts of Houston, so we just had a big news. Com, you know, they opened way too fast, way too soon. Uh, so I just saw the news, I actually had to tell my friend who's going to uh was going to go tubing in the river this weekend, that Governor Avenue said no. All tubing and rafting needs to be closed down because uh, there's a rash of a lot of 20-30 year olds that are now getting the disease here because they open up all the bars and the clubs and they're going, my husband's cousin actually came down with it. Um, two I think she's just about at the two week mark now. Uh, and it was like, she posted two days after we saw her for a family reunion from my husband's grandmother's birthday because she's, she's getting up there with age and her memories. She doesn't remember half of us now. And so we're like, okay, we need to try to, you know, see her as much as possible. And we all, you know, everyone's like, yeah, we're healthy, we're healthy, we're good. So we went and we did this, we still kept distance while we were at the, you know, the beach house and stuff. And two days later his cousin posted, oh yeah, you know, I'm quarantined with Covid. I'm like, are you freaking kidding me? I'm like, well
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't talk to you at all while I was there. So. And then of course I'm like, you know, checking my husband like the day after that my husband, like, I feel under the weather, take my temperature of like, no, thankfully it was just him not getting much sleep. He's, my husband's actually a private investigator, so he works out of his car, so he has zero contact with anybody else ever at work, which is nice. Um I do I stay home with our four kids and then do online surveys stuff, so I'm not in contact with anybody, uh which is really helpful. Um
SPEAKER_L: Great. I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: there's like, I heard there was like a party um Um that they're like a family of 18 got COVID. Did you hear about that article?
SPEAKER_R: I did not hear about that one. I know. I recently read one where um to uh beauticians, hairstylists were like had covid and we're working, but they had their masks on and they had like 140 people between them that they that they service, and 20 or 46 of them went and got tested into all tested negative. So I'm like, okay, well what, you know, it's a lot of people were commenting and saying, oh, well why didn't the other people get tested? I'm like, well if they weren't showing signs or anything, why would they go get tested? So I'm like, you know, I guess that's proof that masks you were because they were all wearing, you know, customers and the musicians were all wearing masks. So like yeah, proof that it does work I guess at least somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And you also think about patients who are asymptomatic, you know, those who are not showing symptoms. You know, like there are a lot of people who who are not going to show symptoms that, you know, currently maybe have the virus. And you know, that's why I like, I'm very pro mass, you know, regardless of wherever you are, you know, just because, you know, it affects other people.
SPEAKER_R: it does. And you know, my husband is very much, you know, we went to go get donuts for our daughters this morning because we promised them. And uh, he was very much, you know, like I'm like, well we need to take them out. I said, you know, we're in Harris County, they have a, you know, you have to wear a mask order. Although the place that we went in was a little problem. We were the only people in there. So they're like, we don't care. You know, you don't have to put it on. My husband's like, why do we have to do this? I said, well, I get it, it's annoying for us, but I'm like, and yes, we're healthy. But it's all those people out there that either aren't aware of their surroundings or maybe are just like, you know, forget it. I don't care. I mean, a lot of my husband's family has this, well, if it's my time and God is gonna take me because of Covid then so be it. And I'm like, why get all like, why? Like God helps those who help themselves? Like why not? I you know, sure if I could die in a car accident, but I'm still going to wear my seatbelt to help stop that from happening.
SPEAKER_L: And to
SPEAKER_R: I mean, unless you have a death wish, I guess. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: No, I I really appreciate you saying
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that. I mean, just working in health care, like you see, you know, the effects, the negative effects that has on patients, staff physicians. Um I just remember like three months ago, like when we were redeploying physicians, like I remember everyone being so stressed out. Like physicians are like, I can't do this, like I have a family at home, but you know, this is what you signed up position. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, if it wasn't this, it'd be, you know, Ebola or you know, it's the common flu or you know anything. I mean it is a higher risk and I admire people like that who, you know, knowing these risks even before Covid and such going in and putting, you know, putting themselves out there to help and save other people. It's just it's so admirable.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Do you do you think that it's worth having people stay in even though it is affecting
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: our economy?
SPEAKER_R: really. I am so, I am so torn on that. I mean, I've seen a lot of like my one friend, she works in the oil field, she pretty much works from home now and they were already letting her do it like one day a week anyways because she had kids and such and now she's doing it all the time and they said, okay, you can extend that out. Like even once they opened the office back up, they said, yeah, you can do it for the whole summer. So a lot of these places, a lot of these jobs and like why? You know, it doesn't make sense. Like yes, keep them at home. Why not? So it's some things are being affected other things. Um you know, I'm torn, my 16 year old is trying to get a job. She's had a few interviews. One of them, you know, said, well hey, because of this current outbreak were really interested in you, we want to hire you, but we can't right now because we're not able to open up any further. In fact we now have to go back to 50% capacity. I think they were still at 50% But like they're anticipating on in the next week going to 100% capacity and so they're like yeah, we're not doing that, so there's no reason to hire you right now. And so it's hard, you know, it's hard for her and I'm telling you, I keep, you know, trying to boost him around like it's not you, it's the situation. Um So you know, I definitely, I've seen people friends who are more affected who you know did get laid off and stuff and you know I worry I worry about them I guess overall I don't think much about the economy but I do worry how it affects the little people and more so you know the the everyday workers who you know are barely scraping by when they're working and I've heard things people saying oh now you're getting you're making more on unemployment now because of all the you know the stimulus such as they've sent through and I'm like to an extent yeah but a lot of the people I know also there like I'd rather be working then you know you get all this extra money for just sitting around so I'm really I'm really torn. I mean I don't know, I don't have a solution, you know what I mean to balance and it really needs to be some sort of balance between keeping the economy running and people and jobs and you know, but also keeping people safe and I think a lot of it, I think it just comes down to people can be idiots and they're the ones who need to get the covid and just keep it amongst them, you know, weed out the morons and let's move on with life, but not that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: anybody
SPEAKER_L: feel like.
SPEAKER_R: deserves to die, but you know.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I feel like a lot of people like have that mindset that we're kind of relying on herd immunity. So you know, we're not probably gonna have a vaccine until like I don't know, end of 2021, And I think what we have to rely on I think as of right, so people are hoping is that you know, once we get it, you know, we won't get it again. But there hasn't been proof that that's true.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I know my husband always going on about her many well, yeah, we need to open up, we need to have people, we need to get it and so that we get the herd immunity and this and that and I'm like, okay, you know, I'm like, yeah, I do get it. I'm like, I understand but I'm like, you know, at the same point it sounds like it's miserable. Um you know, and who wants to be miserable?
SPEAKER_L: that's true. I was actually in a new Orleans New Orleans not too long ago and you know, I have a lot of friends who are physicians and it's crazy like they just all hang out with each other. Like it's nothing they're kind of like, you know, like we're around covid patients all the time and you know, we've got our serology test and you know, we have the anti body so we don't think we're going to get it done. I'm like well, you
SPEAKER_R: we really
SPEAKER_L: know, there's no
SPEAKER_R: want to take that, right. Like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's like I guess they don't care amongst each other as long as they're not seeing, you know, their family members, you know, they're protecting themselves against patients. Um So, you know, I can trust that at the same time, like there's just so much uncertainty around that. Uh
SPEAKER_R: there is, as my husband keeps saying, he's like, well, you know, he's like think of it like chicken pox. He's like, you know what, it's a one and done and you know, if you, so if you get it, then, you know, he's like just replace coronavirus with chicken pox and would you wear a mask to go out for chicken pox? He's like, no, you wouldn't like, it's not the same thing. I'm like, they are too completely, you know, I get the whole concept that you typically, once you get chickenpox, you're done, you don't get it again. But then, you know, it's just, I'm like, you know, yeah, I'm like, okay, well I said for, I said using that as an example though. I said, um, if there's chicken pox out there, am I gonna go the story? Yes. I'm going to go the store. Am I going to take my kids to the store? No, I'm not because they haven't had that yet. So why am I gonna put them at risk that doesn't need to be taken? Like I remember when I had chicken pox, I was in second grade and I gotta write at the end of school year. So I missed the field and all the fun stuff and like my best friend actually and the little boy I had a crush on, he moved away at the end of the year. So I never got to see him again. So that like, you know, PTSD or whatever. It's not really. But you know, that's stuck with me is okay. Yeah, chicken pox is absolutely horrible. So when they offer my kids the vaccine, I'm like, yes. And I can I can spare them from this paint. Yes, absolutely. Like I don't remember the disease itself. I just remember the effects that it had on my social life effectively in my life. You know, and I just so I don't know. I mean, even with all this movement, you know, we've been staying home. My four year old is crazy because she's always, can we go to the store? Mommy, I want the story that was like her favorite thing to do is just go shopping with me. And I'm like, no. Like even though you sit in the car and you won't go, I'm like, no, I'm just, I'm not. If I get it. It's one thing if I would, that's my bigger concern is getting it and then spreading into somebody else, I would feel horrible giving it to somebody else that's
SPEAKER_L: And we
SPEAKER_R: really, you know.
SPEAKER_L: we wouldn't even know if we gave it to someone else. That's the thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. You know, other than immediate family talked all the time. Exactly. You know, complete strangers. You never know. And you know, that's it's frustrating thing and it feels a little, it does feel a little isolating. I mean, you know, usually me and my girlfriends we'd get together once a once a month and go eat dinner or whatever. Uh You know, they actually surprised me with my birthday was back in april, they surprised me with sushi and margaritas in the back of a van. I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: was like,
SPEAKER_L: that's so
SPEAKER_R: well I think he'd do the kidnap just like you, she was like, come on, I'm like, where are we going? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I love that combination combination solution margaritas.
SPEAKER_R: what? They were asked me, they're like, and I didn't think they were gonna do it because I'm like, we're in the middle of, you know, a stay at home order and everything. I'm like, what? You know, I think I'm like, well when this is all over, I said, I just want a girls night and said, let's get some food and like go for a walk around, you know, a trail in a park and they're like, well, what kind of food? I'm like, I don't know everything. I'm not like there is no restaurant with that. I'm like, yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: That is too funny.
SPEAKER_R: So they were, it was, it was great. It was, I mean they're my best friends for a reason. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. I'm just curious to know. So like if if a vaccine did come out, would you and your family be open to doing that taking it?
SPEAKER_R: I think given, I mean I definitely want to do some research on it and and look the, but I definitely think, yeah, I mean we typically don't do like, we don't get the flu vaccine ever. Um Like I've gotten it for my kids, one of my Children once and it was back when they were doing the nasal because she's afraid of shots and she did fine. But now like she's so afraid of shots and like I'm not going to, you know, put my kids through this and knock on what I've never had the flu. So like, but if you know, with this being so much more, I feel like it's more severe than the flu and I don't know if it's just because it's a new thing right now and they don't understand much about it, but I would definitely consider getting the vaccine if it was available.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of seeing how it goes and what
SPEAKER_R: Country.
SPEAKER_L: are the side effects, you know? Well, I feel the same way too.
SPEAKER_R: Because like the whole the HPV vaccine for the girls, you know, I guess boys get it too. But you know, the doctor keeps every time I'm in there, oh, you know, you, your girls should get it. And I have, you know, there's 16, 14 and nine. And every time I'm like, no, because I mean it's a couple of different moms groups and we've had multiple conversations on this. And some of them, their kids have gotten it and they've had horrific side effects. And I've heard more kids having horrific side effects from it than, yeah, everything was perfectly fine, no problems. And I'm like, My kids aren't, you know, they're not promiscuous, they're not that kind of, you know, they don't have that type of personality. So I'm like, I don't really think I have much to worry about. My 16 year old has never even had a she had one boyfriend when she was in like sixth grade and that was, let's face it, you know, not really even a relationship. So
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, okay. I thought, yeah, I wouldn't worry about this. They're good.
SPEAKER_L: That's so funny. Yeah, I know I've been hearing a lot of like different like feedback from like vaccines whether it's for Covid or the flu and everyone just has different opinions about it and you know like there's no right or wrong answer to it. I'm really interested to know because you know like I would be afraid for a new vaccine that has never been really tested that there's not a lot of knowledge about or not a lot of information about it and you just never know how it's gonna affect you. And I think like the humans immunity is like the best way to like combat you know viruses and kind of build up your immunity and you know a vaccine may just make your immunity week more people get it. So it's kind of like there's a lot of pros and cons um that's about sides.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I've had my old boss when I worked at a gelato store. Like she was telling me that one of her cousins kids had gotten, you know, your basic vaccines that you're supposed to get when you're, you know, And so suddenly they ended up with autism. Like really bad autism. She had another cousin whose kid died after getting the vaccines, you know? And then I have a friend, you know, not, not a real good friend, but an acquaintance who is she has five kids now and like none of them not vaccine at all. Like she's but she's just home schools and such. And I'm like, okay, you know? But I'm sitting here going, you know, polio vaccine has been around since before I was born. So like, I feel pretty confident that, you know, and I've I've read the research and, you know, because all that came out when, you know, start coming. Oh, it causes autism back when my kids were first born and such. And I questioned it for a minute, but I'm like, you know what, everybody I know has had this vaccine and has had no problems. So maybe there's a risk. But I don't, I think the risk is low enough that I'd rather get them to have this, you know, have the months, the measles, you know, all these vaccines that have been around for many, many years. And then of course they came out and the bugs that whole, it's linked to autism. And I'm like, yes, I was right. It is, there is no link. So that was always it's
SPEAKER_L: But you
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: know you, you said one of your friends um got the flu vaccine and got had autism afterwards or was he born with autism?
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't it wasn't slough. It was like uh It was either it wasn't like the Polio, it was one of like the the first shots that give us like a baby and like, like the three of the 60 year old and I guess like at the year old mark or whatever when or the 18 month mark, I think it was when they got those routine shots. Then he started showing tons of really bad autism after that.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I just care. So is there like a correlation between that like if you know like showed proof that the vaccine caused it? I'm just interested. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I I see. I don't know. I mean just and again, it wasn't like her directly, it was her, you know, So I'm like, okay, well, you know, and I know like I said, there was that whole thing done and then they found out that the scientists whoever or doctor who put out that study that, oh, you know, vaccines cause autism, like he just made the whole thing up and you know, there was another study done that he made the whole thing up and I'm like, okay, you know, so it's funny. I still, occasionally we'll hear, you know, vaccines cause autism. I'm like, but that was the bumps. So, you know, I mean conspiracy theories are everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: Mm I guess it keeps people excited these conspiracy theories. Uh huh. You know, I'm sorry, what's your name again? Patricia
SPEAKER_R: Julia
SPEAKER_L: is Julia. I'm chris by the way
SPEAKER_R: christmas day and I said,
SPEAKER_L: Julia So like um I know you mentioned that things are you know have been reopening um in texas. Like have you been to a restaurant or any public places since?
SPEAKER_R: um, other than grocery stores, I did go to, we went to free birds of burrito place, but we eat outside on the patio And other than that, we've pretty much just picked up food. So we did go to red robin, uh, and
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: actually dined in a few weeks back in that was actually the 31st of May. And you know, and it was, it was actually, everyone was based six ft apart. The waitress had, you know, mask on, they gave plastic silverware. It was, I mean, it felt safe. I mean it didn't feel like it was, it definitely wasn't the normal dining routine that we usually have and it was just my husband and me. So it was kind of, you know, I'm like, we were still saying usually we take our kids out for a birthday dinner and let them pick
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: a restaurant of their choice and we all go as a family for dinner and we're like, we don't feel comfortable doing that. So we said, okay, you know, our 14 year old had her birthday in june june 2nd. And so we said, okay, well because report cards were, you know, it was either a, you either gotta pee for passing or an f for fail, there was no great value. Uh, so we said, okay, well we can't do our usual report card rewards for a zombies and such, so we'll just take you all out to, we'll decide on a restaurant, we'll go get food. And so we went to five guys, but they didn't have any dying in service, which was actually worked for us. We're like, we'll pick it up and we'll go home. So we went there and we went to cream mystery to get them ice cream shakes and then we just brought the food home and you know, watch the movie while we ate dinner. They were happy with it. You know, I'm thankfully my kids have been really easy going through all of this and just kind of like, okay. It sucks. But all right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean I'm sure you guys have a lot of space so I think it's easier like you know especially living in texas compared to new york where there's no space
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean we, we live in an apartment complex, but we, you know, it's a nice, you know, laid out. So it has some walking, you know, sidewalks and we'll go in the evenings to make sure my kids so good exercise. I'll take them out, you know, to at the time or whatever. And sometimes we all go and we'll just walk in the, in the past and you know, just to get him outside for some exercise and some fresh air and it's, you know, we're trying to do what we can with what we've got. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you miss like eating out and you know going to restaurants and
SPEAKER_R: sometimes yes, um like so they just reissued the whole, you know, you have to wear a mask thing and so my husband, I were deciding the other night because I missed an ingredient for, I threw out one of my ingredients for dinner, went bad two days before I forgot about it. And so I was like, okay now what do I make? Well we didn't him and I weren't happy with any of the backup meals. So I was like, well we can always just go out for a little quick date. You and me and you know the kids will be fine piecemeal ng and he's like, okay, so we started looking and we like, look for the county line is like all of our favorite restaurants are within that county line and he's like, how are we even gonna eat with a mask on? So he's just like, I'm just kind of depressed now and so we ended up like going to talk about that, you know, drive through that was
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: are, you know,
SPEAKER_L: do you have to wear the mask the whole time? Even when you guys are sitting down at the restaurant in texas?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. And like for us it was just kind of a, do we take a chance and do we go and then then have us, you know, say yes, you have to wear a mask and you just pull it up, take a bite and you know, we're like, that's just kind of ridiculous, you know, like they were just like that doesn't and it takes away because for us, we love food and we love going out, but we do it more so for for the atmosphere and you know, then anything. So if you're, you know, we're like if you're taking away from the atmosphere, what's the point? So we miss it a little bit because that's really are, you know, that's our getaways is just to go out to dinner. Even him and I or take the kids on occasion, you know? And so yeah, we miss it. I mean it's not the end of the world, but you know, it's definitely, you know, thankfully we didn't do
SPEAKER_L: different
SPEAKER_R: it often. So it's not, I don't think it's as big of a deal as my friend Melissa is going absolutely crazy. She's had to cruz's cancelled now. She was supposed to go in
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: March
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: they canceled it. She was supposed to go again in october with her boyfriend and her kids and they just canceled it. She was supposed to go this weekend, they have a camper, they were going to go tubing in the river and they just said, oh, you know, hey, they canceled that. I'm like, you know, she's very much a, they would go every saturday would be going out to eat and you know, and do activities and do a date night and you know, so she's definitely feeling it more so than what we are, you know, we don't go out maybe once a month. So
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine that's like causing impact on mental health.
SPEAKER_R: it is, it is, I feel really bad for her. I mean like except for me, I've always been my husband and I have always been homebodies for the most part, so only going out on occasion. So it's not, it's not as detrimental for me, the bigger issue is really just been having tell my kids no, you can't have, you know, go see your friends know, you know, uh with, with school, you know, I mean my daughters and my 14 year olds inquire, so she didn't get to do her final choir concert and she was really bummed about that. She didn't get to go to uh plus your pure amusement park for her field trip and her notebook pumped about that because I love volunteering and chaperoning on field trips and stuff and I'm like, it's my last shit, you're going to high school. Like that was more traumatizing than anything else that I've been, you know, with Covid so far, like, like, no,
SPEAKER_L: has the movie theater's been opened at in texas as well?
SPEAKER_R: I don't believe so because my daughter put in for a movie, like that's really where she wants to work ideally. Um and as far as I know, no, they haven't opened back up or if they did, I haven't even heard of anybody who's like went to go. Uh So I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: that's great, okay.
SPEAKER_R: I know places like um like main event where they have video games and such and then ensued. I know they're not open yet.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God I'm like also more wondering like with the Olympics they're going to start I think 2021 in August I wonder if it's actually gonna happen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean who knows how long this is actually going to go on for and it's you know, it's
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: crazy,
SPEAKER_L: a the way of life right now? Right.
SPEAKER_R: right? I wouldn't say it is nothing. You know, my best friends in Ohio and she went and she's just like, you know, she's like, I think it's one thing after another, I've been threatened with my job now and you know, she's like it's so hard to get into doctors. Her son's type one diabetic. So she was trying to get a closer doctor because the only endocrinologist for her is in Toledo which is like an hour and a half drive and she's like I can't, she's like and they don't want to like see him all the time and you know she's like they're so hard to get into and everything and she's like I was hoping to get you know the regular doctor here in town to give him prescriptions for his insulin. And she of course refused. And I told her I said well it's a liability for her. I said if she prescribes anything wrong since he's already at a high risk. I said then I said that's potential for a lawsuit for her. I said of course she's not going to you know take him on as a patient. And it's just like oh and I said actually you don't want that. I said my dad's type two he sees her and he had a heart attack last year and when he went in his sugar his A one C. And sugar numbers were all out of whack. And because you know and I was like so yeah she doesn't know how to manage diabetes so I wouldn't even like probably a good idea. I said you know probably the thing you but I think you missed a bullet that are so good for you.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah Um Julius so how do we what's what's the next step? I think we hit our 25 minute mark.
SPEAKER_R: Yes we did. And I believe we go back to the other screen where we clicked on the link to come to here and just click the little blue button and we can close off this one.
SPEAKER_L: Got it. Okay. Sounds
SPEAKER_R: well it's
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: good talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: I was talking to to have
SPEAKER_R: Get you
SPEAKER_L: one Julia.