Hi there, how are you?
Hi Julia. Am I supposed to press the next button on the survey?
Do not move on to the
language.
Got it. Okay.
I'm doing good. How are you?
Oh
right. So are we supposed to just have a conversation about?
Got it.
I
Yeah. So yeah, if you don't mind, I'll start. Um so I am currently in New york city. Um a lot has been going on right now due to the covid outbreaks. Um and you know what, the protests going on and being such a dense city. Um it's been a lot again and just like living in New york city in general has been challenging with everything that's going on. Um I haven't been using transportation, I haven't been going to work to the office and seven working remote for the last
3.5 months. So it's been pretty intense and I work in a health care organization. Um so I'm a project manager and um I have been leading the whole COVID-19 preparedness initiative for organization. Um So I've been working maybe about like seven days a week
from seven a.m. To like midnight um
for the last month. Yeah
it's been slowly getting better. Um Now that we're going through our recovery um base um you know we're slowly having patients come into the organization but of course you know that includes a lot of social distancing. Uh we're looking to you know, set up more touchless screens and having patients fill out the registration forms before they come in. Um So we're
trying
to really phase out the whole waiting room. You know we want to we kind of want patients like not come to the office until they really you know they're called in for their appointment
help
for the outbreak. And I think it's really changing. You know, how we look at, you know, patients getting patient care um
and models and you know, we're changing slowly changing the health care industry how we look at it. But with that said, you know, I think we've lost so much revenue because the copa 18 right verge, we're trying to push, you know, the use of video visits and you know, getting patients more comfortable and you know, being able to be more open to using technology um, in getting care and it's been working out fine. The only concerns that for older patients who don't feel comfortable using technology. Okay.
Yeah. I mean it's changing culture but at the same time like, you know, I think it's a good opportunity for a lot of patients and organizations throughout the country now that you know there's more of a spread they can reach out, let's say I'm from I'm from new york and you know, I want to see a specialist in California. I can do that for a video visit. Um The only
hard
thing
is
that
it's
call
to,
Yeah, it's well, in all about physicians agreeing to get credential in other states, so that's gonna be the challenge of doing that.
enough about me. What about you?
no.
Great. I
heard
there's like, I heard there was like a party um Um that they're like a family of 18 got COVID. Did you hear about that article?
Right. And you also think about patients who are asymptomatic, you know, those who are not showing symptoms. You know, like there are a lot of people who who are not going to show symptoms that, you know, currently maybe have the virus. And you know, that's why I like, I'm very pro mass, you know, regardless of wherever you are, you know, just because, you know, it affects other people.
And to
No, I I really appreciate you saying
that. I mean, just working in health care, like you see, you know, the effects, the negative effects that has on patients, staff physicians. Um I just remember like three months ago, like when we were redeploying physicians, like I remember everyone being so stressed out. Like physicians are like, I can't do this, like I have a family at home, but you know, this is what you signed up position. Of course.
Right. Do you do you think that it's worth having people stay in even though it is affecting
our economy?
I
feel like.
Right. I feel like a lot of people like have that mindset that we're kind of relying on herd immunity. So you know, we're not probably gonna have a vaccine until like I don't know, end of 2021, And I think what we have to rely on I think as of right, so people are hoping is that you know, once we get it, you know, we won't get it again. But there hasn't been proof that that's true.
that's true. I was actually in a new Orleans New Orleans not too long ago and you know, I have a lot of friends who are physicians and it's crazy like they just all hang out with each other. Like it's nothing they're kind of like, you know, like we're around covid patients all the time and you know, we've got our serology test and you know, we have the anti body so we don't think we're going to get it done. I'm like well, you
know, there's no
yeah, it's like I guess they don't care amongst each other as long as they're not seeing, you know, their family members, you know, they're protecting themselves against patients. Um So, you know, I can trust that at the same time, like there's just so much uncertainty around that. Uh
And we
we wouldn't even know if we gave it to someone else. That's the thing.
Well,
that's so
I love that combination combination solution margaritas.
That is too funny.
Right. I'm just curious to know. So like if if a vaccine did come out, would you and your family be open to doing that taking it?
Kind of seeing how it goes and what
are the side effects, you know? Well, I feel the same way too.
now.
That's so funny. Yeah, I know I've been hearing a lot of like different like feedback from like vaccines whether it's for Covid or the flu and everyone just has different opinions about it and you know like there's no right or wrong answer to it. I'm really interested to know because you know like I would be afraid for a new vaccine that has never been really tested that there's not a lot of knowledge about or not a lot of information about it and you just never know how it's gonna affect you. And I think like the humans immunity is like the best way to like combat you know viruses and kind of build up your immunity and you know a vaccine may just make your immunity week more people get it. So it's kind of like there's a lot of pros and cons um that's about sides.
But you
know you, you said one of your friends um got the flu vaccine and got had autism afterwards or was he born with autism?
Right. I just care. So is there like a correlation between that like if you know like showed proof that the vaccine caused it? I'm just interested. Yeah.
Mm I guess it keeps people excited these conspiracy theories. Uh huh. You know, I'm sorry, what's your name again? Patricia
is Julia. I'm chris by the way
Julia So like um I know you mentioned that things are you know have been reopening um in texas. Like have you been to a restaurant or any public places since?
All
No
yeah I mean I'm sure you guys have a lot of space so I think it's easier like you know especially living in texas compared to new york where there's no space
you miss like eating out and you know going to restaurants and
where
do you have to wear the mask the whole time? Even when you guys are sitting down at the restaurant in texas?
different
no
I don't
know,
I can imagine that's like causing impact on mental health.
has the movie theater's been opened at in texas as well?
that's great, okay.
Oh my God I'm like also more wondering like with the Olympics they're going to start I think 2021 in August I wonder if it's actually gonna happen.
Like
a the way of life right now? Right.
Uh huh. Yeah Um Julius so how do we what's what's the next step? I think we hit our 25 minute mark.
Got it. Okay. Sounds
good.
I was talking to to have
one Julia.