Hello? Hi, how are you?
Good.
I'm
I'm johnny. What's yours?
Where are you?
Oh, I'm in too, son. But I mean, so we're in about the same.
That is funny because I thought, yeah, they match all over
and I
bye once
before.
It was pennsylvania maybe that I the first person. Yeah.
it
is.
We're inside hot, you know, not going out as much as we would anyway
this summer earlier.
It's too out for outdoor stuff. Not willing to do indoor stuff. Yeah.
Or stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. They're places would be like, okay, we'll just stay outside more. But
uh, we've been doing very early morning Playdates with my daughter outside
Arc.
Yeah, we weren't for a long time, but as we sort of learn more about being outside being safer
I think if it were just me, it be easier for sure. But it's hard. My daughter is seven, so.
Oh, it's a nice age. Yeah. Playing lots of Minecraft this son. Yeah,
Yeah. We've been playing with her, so,
Yeah.
But yeah. Lots at home.
snakes are a mouth.
Yeah. One time before.
And I don't know if they're all through prolific or yeah, I started doing for like a couple months ago and it's kind of fun. Yeah. I like this. Yeah,
I do other, I've been doing user testing a lot. Yeah.
What else? One called? Actually, one that was recommended by the last guy I did this with was called Tivo,
which is like,
yeah, that's like a voice recognition thing. So it's like they're doing recordings or like recognizing recorded.
It comes in batches I guess for a long time I heard nothing. But now they have a bunch of them.
Yeah. And how about you? Where else do you or do you?
I tried
for a little while. Yeah,
true.
Yeah. I just
don't,
I done that a couple weeks ago and I've been kind of, man.
It's
so
far. Have you, have you actually had anything?
maybe it's worth keeping at? Yeah, I've done, yeah. Where else? I've done a few with respondent, which
is,
yeah. It was funny because I think all except the small as it was like one week where I have three of them. And then
I haven't had anything since then and I was like, oh, if it's going to be like this all the time, yeah, let's
go.
I have to try keep trying to scout when I'm sitting there doing it like right before bed. It's like, I don't want anyone to see me on video right now.
Yeah, I do that for other user interviews. I'm like, you know, it doesn't matter. You know,
they
want
what they're saying not.
It's
funny
about our last conversation was unusual because we did a lot of that. We like went through all the places we did it, but
continue. You know, what else have? I didn't try. My UI is kind of okay. Although they tend to, oh actually when I get a lot from his intel assume
they,
they pay a little bit less though, they pay like $8 for what would be $10 on the other sides. But they also, but yeah, kind enough. That one's done okay.
I'm
fighter. So you know, that's never completely reliable. So supplementing that is always a good
Yeah.
I
tried
to pervade
junkie and then realized, Yeah, I managed to hit about $10 and then I'm like, this just takes too much work.
Well, I felt that way about mturk afternoon because I felt like the same sort of micro chuck.
Only
a little bit better.
Thank you. Ask some I skipped because they seem like too much work for. Cool.
I think who else? I like test birds, but they don't come through very often.
I mean, I've only done a handful with them. I hit one that actually was $100.1 but most of them have, Yeah, most of them have been like $20 I think. Not only are you like me before the whole time, they were the first one I signed up with.
I've
only been doing it a few. When did I start seriously looking into it? So probably around the time, like right before everything locked down. The
problem
is sometime in March. Yeah.
And
it's
like,
but it's yeah,
What
you
think? I'll be pretty honest. Yeah, there's something doesn't work, I'll be pretty honest about it. But yeah, and you just kind of fun, you know, in general.
Well,
I think
I
was just beginning to consider like look into it a little like before lockdown and then here we were. So it's
Music. Yeah. My
daughter actually did her first, you know, test my husband hasn't been all that interested though. He did one with me. But
they
have actually through, I've only done like two with them, but there's play test cloud, which is like you just games and talk out loud mobile games. And
I got one that they wanted my seven year old to do so
and wanting to, you know, earn money to buy stuff in Minecraft. So
and
her allowing, you know, she'd spent some people okay. That was kind of cool. It was actually kind of made me happy that she was able to see okay there. You know, you can earn your own money to a little bit.
It was yeah, that was pretty fun. Yeah,
that's
right boxes the other one the Trayvon all the time. We even
held
a birth, like a sort of a virtual birthday party on um roadblocks. We bought like a private server for a game that she liked to play and invited because you can get like your own like room basically with the game, you know, for not all that much. So we bought that for a month and then on her birthday we invited friends who played roadblocks and they just all together
it
was fantasy
because we couldn't do a party party. Just look back in like april yeah, where there was no way.
Yeah, you could get I tried to do it again with another game just for fun, but now she's totally Minecraft so
now for now.
Yeah. Go for it. It's kind of fun I think.
Well what it was like, I don't know, it's like $5 or $10 worth of roadblocks, you know? Oh
money.
It
was a wolf.
Yeah and then we'll figure out we're going back to school or not come off.
I mean our school, I think it's pretty usual and that the plan is, you know, they'll offer you can choose either remote or in person, but we're supposed to start August 10 which is wait
soon.
So
I'm hoping push it back because I
don't
know
her boyfriend's brother. But the home schooling thing did not like I noticed with no preparation, it was not a good thing.
huh.
But we all appreciate our teachers so much more and how you know,
they are
both
to
how much you need other kids. I mean I see yeah my kid for better or worse I think she's an extroverts which he needs, yeah,
she's extroverted but when she's like with people she's comfortable with yeah the difference for the rest of the day after she's been like out in the park with someone, you know, kind of at a distance, you know with but
of me is hoping
now other people do online, maybe we can go in but that's not.
Is your boyfriend's whether also and only, well no he has your brother boyfriend obviously, but it's only younger.
I think it's easier for adults than and for
all.
and we can kind of enjoy being in some ways you know find ways to enjoy being holed up but I think it's harder. Yeah
I
know and it's too hot to want to be outside.
It actually was
it was easier until it got hot you know the first like month or so at home wasn't too bad.
and and our mountains are on fire so we can go.
we have
one
that lemon.
What
was
then? There's one down here as well in the
Catalina smaller but still pretty big. So it's like yeah
me I mean it's not funny but it is kind of funny after a while.
and
I haven't been
following the bushfire strongly but I know that it's I've heard.
with.
Yeah. No it's not
we do fireworks there canceled this year but over one of the mountains and every year it's like you're gonna set the mountain on fire again. Why not wait till chat You hey but you know
so you're not the only where now I know I go downtown each year although not lately since kid but phoenix comic come is down. Do I love someone come?
But here's
this year I mean I wouldn't have gone this year anyway but
Ivory
Coast
oh may again and they like move all the vendor tables. Anything anyone's bought will get transferred to me. Yeah.
No
what's scary?
I'm going in you know seeing friends they're talking to people in summer writer I've done some panels there in the past and
although
it's been a while so.
All
right. Young adult dark fantasy. So
Actually
I just re published a trilogy that was out originally with Random House and when they finally went out of print I
brought them
back. The bones of fairy trilogy there like dark fantasy
water
with after the war with Ferry has destroyed the world. Yeah
well
it's being
in
It
is on
I'm working on getting paperbacks for the first one but they're not since I only got the rights back and I feel like nothing has to go out of print forever anymore
but you know
what?
yeah I do
I need to have you heard anything like newish that I kind of lost track of what's being published. I became a parent
I used to but over yes and then it's like yeah,
never
wear might
actually be my favorite of his even though
like
the biggest you know book but
But
paul
Well
it
was an audible thing that I listen to of his where it was like a new audible book and I don't even remember what book it was anymore
but
it was into the first factor and say what you thought of it or something like that.
But this was like early early on and I don't want, it might have been through survey junkie which is pretty similar to swag bucks as far as I can.
a user tester for books that could be fun
to do that.
Yeah that'd be pretty cool.
I think I am going through my young adult shells to see okay what happened I read that's sitting here in my adult does a fantasy. But
well
shift around. I know I was doing a lot of graphic novels because there's a lot of by a graphic right now too.
Although of course, of course now I'm blank sitting here. What
does that much, what a
high
risk
something
on.
What
did I
read? There are a couple of like werewolf, witchy magic ones. Course that totally helps you.
I think one was called moon cakes. But
I'm blanking. The pile is over in the other room. I'm reading it. Not at all. Fantasy by a phoenix radar right now. It's Sarah fujiyama, I don't know if you've and her, but she has, it's just like sort of coming of a trip to japan by a
kid who's half siblings or half japanese, you know, she goes over with them and
it's just a sweet sweet story.
Unless something else happens in the last like 50 pages. I'm not interested. I think it's also anyway.
I feel like about five years of ketchup like Yeah, the thing kind of, I mean I've read a lot of, you know, mil grade with her that I can read a lot of like dog man and
like that. I'm sure, I'm sure your brothers, your boyfriend's brother, likes dog man and those
two
uh wrong. I think we're yeah, I think we're good. What was your name? I'm jenny.
It rolls eve
well maybe sometime at phoenix Comic Con in the future will run into each other.
I'm enjoy them.
it's always fun just chatting and
Arizona.
no, that's good. That's a
good thing.
Thank
you.
I
will have a good day and
hopefully
we'll both
be able to get out sometime
what?
Take care