Oh,
I'm good in, you,
good. Hi, what's your name? What's
your name,
Danny, I'm a more,
I'm in phoenix Arizona, how about you?
boom. Yeah, yeah, that's so funny, wow.
Yeah, this is my second time doing this and the first one was in California, so yeah, I was expecting,
but that's so
fellow,
arizonians.
Nice. Yeah, that's cool though, Arizona, and it's hot outside, I think
we both
can agree.
no,
smiley too hot, gosh, but
we have a hard time
with that. Exactly,
not here.
Oh, that's good though,
that you're going out, Yeah.
Yes, yes, that's good. I'm glad I'm, I'm stuck here in the apartment and I'm fine with it, so yeah, like whatever.
seven are cute. Nice.
Holy would love my parents and grandparents to be in on that when I was a kid, so she's very lucky. Nice,
cute, cool.
So
yeah, no, yeah, I, yeah, I've just been stuck. I have a lot of pets, I don't have kids and I have, I have a lot of little pets, snakes and chameleons and things that you can't really play with outside, but you know, we could pretend in here. Yeah.
Yeah. So, but yeah. Okay, cool. So you've done this before then?
Nice. So like, are you um is it through prolific? Yeah.
Yeah. So like, are you, is prolific, like the only like site you use for like this stuff or do you use other like survey paid for?
Nice.
Beav
that's a new one for me.
though.
Oh yeah. Good. Okay, cool.
Yeah, prolific, right? I've done that. I've been doing this for like at least six months, I want to say like since like january, so yeah, um and then I have, even as a new one for me I haven't heard that one, I'll have to check that out but user testing for sure. Um mturk you know with amazon, that's
another one.
Yeah. Yeah it's a little bit more like they have a lot more work but you also have to kind of like do a lot more
to. Yeah so it's kind of like a give and take. Um And then someone recommended to me from before the shoes in California, she recommended this one called D. Scout. Uh But it's all for like phone stuff if you heard it
disk
out
been like a hit
and
miss.
Yes, so when she recommended it to me yeah I'm like uh I I just started doing I'm like every day and I just hit the $1000 mark and I was like whoa! Yeah it was really exciting, I was like wow,
I have
got none of those. Yeah.
Being
Well,
I guess I got to keep trying then because I have got nothing from them. I was kind of disappointed. I was like, oh, I've got anything
You're like, you're like, oh, I gotta look, you know? Yeah, I do in my PJs though, I kind of like left the care like uh whatever they're gonna see me, they're gonna see me so
to
look
pretty
Exactly. Yeah, they want to hear it instead, but cool, well good. I'm so glad that yeah, I'll have to look at that viva one for sure because that's a new one for me. Um But yeah, that's all I've done. I got to explore more. So I'm like asking everybody I interact with like what
do
you got?
that's
Intel assumes see all of
these. I haven't heard these.
intel assume I'll have to put that. Yeah, I have to look at that one too because I'm open to anything right now. I'm, you know, stuck in here, hot summer might as well make the best of it, make some money. Right, that's the whole point. So yeah,
all right then.
For sure.
Cool. Yeah, I'm trying to think of something to like any other, I mean I got the cliche swag bucks one. Everyone kind of
That
was about that
one.
So much. Yeah, it's especially when you get to those really cool sites that offer with way more. I haven't touched wag back in months now because I'm like like uh like that's like pennies on the dollar you know?
I have to try
it Danielle
because like
like you have to get desperate for some of them sometimes, like a lot of work. Yeah. Oh cool. That's awesome. Mhm.
No.
nice. I mean considering I haven't even done that so yeah, like you sound so much better
at this than me. Like uh.
March
ish.
Yeah. I know. I've been noticing a lot more people doing it. Which is good because like I think it like is populates the websites more and like gives them more stuff for you to do. So that's what it's really cool that everyone is doing it. Um Because I try to get my family and friends because I'm like, look I made like 1000 on like D. Scout and like 25 50 bucks on prolific, like you should do it too, but no one seems to be motivated even though we're all like quarantine.
So
I'm
like, like what? Like you get free, like not free, but it's basically
free money. Like you just have to say you like a product, you know or whatever the
question
there.
Yeah. And like some of them are like make you like be creative like oh go go draw a picture. I'm like sure like let's do it. Like I
don't know what else am I gonna do, right? But yeah, no one seems to at least that I know no one seems to like be on board, but when I go online and like meet people like you, it's like like yeah gun ho like but I can't get my friends to do it. I don't
know
why
you just laid into it.
Yeah.
That's
so cute.
what?
Oh that's cool.
There
you go.
That's so cute. I love that,
I have, my, my boyfriend's brother is six so I might, you know like, hey, no skidding like, but like if we ever hang out again, I'll be like, hey, want to earn some money for your roadblocks and your Minecraft, let's go. Like let's do
it.
All the
kids.
that's so cute. I
love
it.
That's so cool. I know, that's the first time I heard that like that you could do that on there. That's cute.
Right. Minecraft except I got to Yeah,
yeah. My boyfriend's brother's the same way, hit that and race cars. It's like all the kids stuff. Yeah, but that's so cute. I don't know that his birthday is coming up so might steal more ideas from you.
That's cute.
cute. I
love it. I have to let my boyfriend no, like, hey, just because like yeah, I mean especially with Arizona, right? Like cases are kind of stacking and places are closing up again, so it's kind of hard to even do that now. Yeah, so who knows how it will be in the future, but that's still really cute. Like even to do as an extra. That sounds adorable. I love that. Just have them
play
cute. Very, very cute. Nice.
What is happening with that? I don't even know. I heard so many things.
Oh yeah, that's that's
coming up to
y'all.
don't
even
know.
No, I'm sure. Yeah, I don't, like I said, I don't have kids, but I can I can totally like see yeah, that's a huge struggle for every parent. Especially since like you have to work at home on top of that, like that's since a nine um Yeah, no, my um boyfriend's mom, she actually ran like a little daycare in her home, so she was kind of used to it, but since everyone decided not to do that and she had to put schoolwork on top, she's like, I'm basically being paid to be a teacher, I'm not even qualified, and I was like, oh my
gosh, like it's a big struggle for her.
They are saints. My goodness.
Yeah, and I'm like, that's why I'm like, I I think going back to school would be great because I think the kids miss it too, right? Like not every kid
is good
at home school either. Yeah, like you gotta have that like playtime and stuff, but.
Yeah.
cute. Yeah, I know like, and and he is too he's the same way and so like it's been really hard for him especially because you have to do that social distancing even indoors sometimes because parents want to make sure and it's just a huge struggle for him. Like he's been really lonely, which is why we have encouraged and to go on like safe servers on like Minecraft and stuff so he can like chat with his friends and yeah, so hopefully, yeah, I don't know what the whole school is going to do because I heard the same thing and but my, you know, everyone wants to be safe to say like, well we'll probably just still do remote. But then it's like then that struggle on the parents again to like watch
them.
Yeah. There you go.
No, that's the thing. Yeah. He really needs like younger kids around him I think because it's lonely otherwise. Yeah. And then his mom had ran a day care. He got that right, even out of school. So now but now he's got nothing like they're not in there and he doesn't got school on top and his mom can't take him to too many places because so yeah. I know I just I feel like I just can't wait for this to be over so that you know he'll experience that normalcy again and
because
they don't understand that you know they're like it was going on. I used to be able to do this and now I can't it's like
for them for kids. All that energy to. Yeah,
for
Arizona
struggle.
agreed. No. Yeah like Arizona like we get hit hard with the crazy son that it's too much sometimes at least for like a lot of hours, right? Because got to drink lots of water and stuff and hydrate good. Yeah,
the bushfires, Yes, I forgot. How
could
I forget
I'm in northern phoenix.
Yeah, it's like right outside
my window.
no,
my no.
You gotta, you gotta be light about it. Yeah. It's hard not to with what's going on, but Oh yeah, I didn't realize. I mean I've been only looking at what's been happening up here, so yeah, down there because it's
similar
stuff.
I know. I heard like so many numbers like this many acres burned and like so much I'm like, wow. So, and I, I since I live really in, in uh phoenix like right in the center of it, very urban people are still like lighting fireworks and it's not even to lie it and I feel kind of like
mean for being like, hey, but I'm like there's bushfires out. Like
it's dry right now. Let's not let's wait, you know?
I mean because like I get it. It's fun and stuff, but like it can be a danger especially now, right? Where everyone's already cooped up and now we have to worry about outside hurting us like so struggles.
Yeah, you do.
Thanks. Yeah, they, I mean they had to cancel this. You know why I don't know.
Right. Yeah. Do you know if they're like going to postpone at all or is it just completely done? Like they're just
not even
gonna try to
Because like I wanted to go because I'm like literally right down the convention center for the first time. And I was like, I don't have to take the light rail or anything, I could just go, you know? Um But then yeah, everything got canceled and I was like all right, well darn dar the one year I can go and live like a stress free like no parking craziness and I can't now is insane. My luck is not good. I don't think anyone says right
now, but
that's cool that you like what you like about the convention just going and
you have what do
you,
will you write like what
genre?
favorite, my favorite genre, you must tell me what you write is anything published yet for in
the works.
trial.
It
I have to I have to write
this down,
All right, here that sounds go, I need more material to read. I I love Neil
Gaiman
and
like other fantasy works, so this sounds awesome. Okay, and where is this? Like, I'm a kindle amazon. Do you have
that
on? All right,
No. Yeah, no, for sure. That's
I have
to take that out. Um I'm putting it down here just real quick before because I'm terrible. I forget truly
the work.
you're
Um Yeah, well that's the thing. So I need more to read because I went on like a whole Neil Gaiman thing where I was reading like never more and uh I never wear, sorry. Um and like some of his short stories um I got into
Stephen
King
I loved
it.
yes, and I don't know if I should say, but um I did uh it was it was my last swag bucks before I finally quit because I was like, this is too much work. Um but it was really cool. I did, I got to join a script reading for possibly new Neil Gaiman show possibly it was green
lit
and stuff, but it was for never never wear and I was like, what? Yeah, so that's why I wanted
to go in and and what and read his book again. Um But yeah,
I did that.
I don't know.
I
That's that's awesome.
Yeah, that's cool. Like I would, I would love to just read like inserts from books and give my opinion because like then I would just read content, right? And it's like, oh it's the dream, it's a dream. But um Yes.
Uh that'd be so
great because I used to love doing that. I used to like uh go on. Um like Miba and uh what's pad and stuff and like read people's like like work or fan fiction and stuff and give my like little like opinion. Like I love this and read write mart. So I haven't done that forever now. But like if you get paid to do that, that'd be great.
It was like ice cream on top, icing on top. But um other work. So I haven't, you're right. I haven't looked up anything new either. I've been going backwards, so I've been going to like Stephen King's old works. I recently got into this japanese dark um he's like a crime thriller writer. It seems like Makuuchi or something like that. I don't know, really cool stuff. I don't know how to say any of this stuff, but um Nothing new. Yeah. So that's why I'm like, I want to get more books under my belt since we have all the free time, you got to do it.
Yeah. That's the thing to yeah that genre, I haven't touched it, like I loved it but like I haven't gotten into anything. I uh what was the, gosh, I can't remember titles of books but I know what happened in the um it's not the never ending, it's the Book of Life. Um That was a trilogy that I read and it's it's also a young adult book. Um It was okay, it was about witches and stuff and I'm into them into the covens and the Occult Life. But um yeah I definitely need to dabble more into different genres than just like horror and like crime because that's what I've been obsessed with recently and I think a little too dark for me, a little too stressful, I need some I need
some fantasy, I need some sci fi back in my life because everything's all dreary right now.
What?
I know I can't think of things.
Yeah.
Graphic
novels to um I just
finished
a the latest of saga um the sci fi hit one and I've just been catching up on Walking Dead for the first time because that took me forever to get into. But yeah, some of those I've got into but
nothing
recent.
There's so many I know I'm trying to think now.
My kicks.
I saw.
cure.
So you hold some, I love those two slice of life and all that. There are great.
I know it could be a complete twist like oh no, they actually something happens to them. I'm going to put that down to sarah the cheek. Nice look at you. You're just giving me all the recommendations. I wish I had recent stuff. But that's why I'm looking for some cause I don't got anything. I'm like,
Publics.
I
will ask. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have no idea what the kids are into these days. I have to ask them like what are you guys into? Tell me? So I know it could be hip. Let's go. But cool. I think,
Judge
more. Hi Danny.
I will definitely try to my very best to go the next one. Hopefully they do it around the same time because I love it when it's in the summer. Like, you know when school's out and I can go and actually participate in cosplay and stuff. Yeah, for sure. But yeah, if I ever see, I mean I'm gonna be looking up your book. So
I will. And um, yeah, that's so awesome. That's so cool. I got to meet you. That's awesome. But
yes, I know. I learned a lot
from me too. Yeah, I know. But that's fine. We know each other struggles. We got it.
All
Well, cool. Thank you so much Danny. I
love
it. Thank
you
you
to rest
of the week.
Yes. Because I'm already
had in this environment, so All