SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I hear you can hear me okay, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Uh So we got to start a conversation. Yeah we didn't mine you have anything in my.
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean did you do anything like fun today or anything? How was your day?
SPEAKER_R: uh It's typical typical day for me but I write stories so I finished writing a story and posted it online and that's about it. That's an accomplishment for me though. I kinda hesitate. How about you? Anything interesting?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it's like a normal day for me too, so I had some zoom calls because I'm going to school online and uh tried to get some work done, but recently it's been hard for me to kind of like keep focus and stuff. Um So I'm trying I like I like have a school and like job life where it's like even if you finish something you always just have more work to do. So it's kind of hard to like, I feel like you have like you accomplished something tangible
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: what are you what are you in school for?
SPEAKER_L: um so I'm a graduate student and I'm studying psychology um specifically
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: child psychology. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I was going to go into psychology, I I have a communications degree and I was gonna go into psychology too but I'm just taking my time uh because I'm healing from broken bones but once I finished like kind of like uh the process of healing I'm going to go ahead and do psychology as well. So how how far are you into your degree?
SPEAKER_L: that's so cool. Um I finished my undergrad degree so I got my Bachelors already, so I'm in my first year of my Master's program now, wow!
SPEAKER_R: so you think it's stressful working and going to school at the same time?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so I do like research and then I like I'm taking two classes. Um So I'm like on my computer from all day from like 10-6,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. And you decided to call me your computer again today?
SPEAKER_L: well I put times in the middle of the day and this is like the last time slot. So usually I like get off around six, but I was like yeah, if someone's available at this time we'll do is or like I'll do the study. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have you done this study before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I've done it twice and I've talked to two other people,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. This is my second time doing it. It's an interesting study. I have a feeling like they're taking pictures of her eyes, like she looking to the left or the right, like what she, what
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: does
SPEAKER_L: an
SPEAKER_R: she do?
SPEAKER_L: eye tracker,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I tractor going on.
SPEAKER_L: probably,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Social psychology. What made you go into that?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, like I kind of just fell into it. So like um I went to like community college first and wanted to be a therapist and then I transferred and then like I learned about research and I was like, oh that's really cool and exciting. But I was kind of overwhelmed because I was like neuroscience so cool, like the brain and stuff is cool and then like cognition is cool and like there wasn't actually a lot of developmental people and I was like I just don't really know what I want. Um So then I like worked um for three years and like different research labs um like studying child psychology and I figured like I liked it, so I wanted to go to graduate school for it. Um So yeah the goal just to like do research and stuff. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god. Uh So what are you, what are your plans after you graduate? Like are you they end up working in a school or like mental health facility?
SPEAKER_L: I mean the goal like for me like long term is to like be a professor at a university, so there would be like a teaching component, but also just to like do like original research with Children, like I study morality specifically, so it's about like how could think about like nice and being people and if their judgment of them differ from adults, so yeah, but I'm going to be in school for like five years.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. I know the struggle. I had just graduated in 2018. Haven't really
SPEAKER_L: Go.
SPEAKER_R: well for my undergrad. So so um I had plans but then I had got into a car accident and they kind of derailed my plans for future. But uh I can event I can really envision like uh I can't say I can, but I can't really envision going back to school for more years and not really have kind of like a road map set up. Like you have I like because things kind of change. You know my sister, she's a lawyer, uh now she's in school for business, so if you know how long it it it takes for someone to finish a law degree, I didn't decide not for me, I don't know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I would be like really upset about the student loans if she had to take any out like and not using my degree after like no
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And she has uh loan forgiveness as a lawyer because she worked as a prosecutor, so she has long forgiveness. But she's decided to go a different route because he thinks that she can make more money and make a difference in a different sector of society to that's where she's going well.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: But do you have any family?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I'm living back at home because of covid stuff, but um yeah, I'm staying with my mom, my dad and my brother who's um like five years younger than me, so he's like in community college right now just kind of starting out. Um What about you, do you just have your sister?
SPEAKER_R: I have three brothers and three sisters. Uh Yeah, I live alone. But uh my I live in Minnesota now at Minnesota. I just moved here a couple of months ago from florida. So I'm preparing for the winter. So I have a sister in florida, a sister who just moved to D. C. Uh the rest of my siblings live here and I'm the oldest sister and I have an older brother. Uh It is a lot of us, the parents
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: don't care after kid. Number two. The parents like us. You guys, yeah, you can go do it. You,
SPEAKER_L: I know I'm the oldest to and I feel like it's always the hardest for us.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Yeah. There's more expectation. And your siblings look up to you or a don't look up to you and that's a different story like you don't want to go your route or something like that. But. So what state are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in New Jersey right now, so
SPEAKER_R: Older?
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm like an hour or two, so it's like six here for me.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, let's see. New Jersey. Is it snowing there now or no?
SPEAKER_L: Not yet, but it's been really
SPEAKER_R: there's a
SPEAKER_L: cold.
SPEAKER_R: blizzard, It's blizzard going on here, so uh
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's wild. No, it usually doesn't snow to like after thanksgiving. Like if it snows on thanksgiving, it's considered weird, but with like global warming and stuff like, who knows. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So why did you move to Minnesota?
SPEAKER_R: because I have gotten a car accident in florida and um there's a lot of stuff going on after I graduated, I had got into a series of mishaps and a car accident was one of them, and my mom said, move up here, I'll help you. So she comes to help me do the things that I cannot do. And so I've been doing that. Not necessarily. I work myself employed right now, but I'm not in the field where I wanna be, like I said, I do want to go into psychology eventually and I want to reach out to people maybe do social work as well, but I really want to go into um behavioral health, so that's what I want to really focus on adult behavioral health. But uh so right now what I'm doing is working self employed and um basically do surveys and right books happen. I just published a book and
SPEAKER_L: congrats.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. I just so I'm just trying to do something different. It's kind of it's difficult because you have one road map and then something just completely obliterate it and you have to try to rebuild from the start. So that's where I'm at. So I do like I do label making uh we sell oils, what else do we sell, earrings, necklaces, purses, We got everything, we sell all types
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: of stuff. Yeah, we do that. But Hopefully like I have this plan like a year, maybe 18 months, I will be where I need to be to get back on track, so we'll see. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I mean like if it makes you feel better, I don't think you're missing much because like a lot of students, like including people I know decided not to go to school this year or like take time off because they just didn't want to do their classes online and I don't really like blame them. Like if you want to have like the college experience or whatever, but even still, it's just like not the same.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I guess I guess that's your right. I have that that leeway that time to see what happens with Covid before and maybe everything will turn back to normal all the time I heal from my injuries. We'll see and I go to school. I hate school of her passion or I'll be honest I'm not touching I'm not really good student like like growing up I had got like okay my goal was never to show up to school but to show up for exams and passed the exam so I can well here anyway. Or in midwest I'm from Milwaukee Wisconsin. You can never show up to school, take the museum, pass it and go to the next level, go to the next grade and that's what I was doing. I was just never in school. But so I would get like a 1.8 G. P. A. That's what I graduated high school with. And then then uh when I went to college I was like, oh I actually got to do work. So I got a 3.73 point eight grade point average. People like people are like what the heck does a huge turnaround? You just never put your mind to anything? I like I did, I put my mind into like soap operas. That's what I was doing. I was watching Silks, I was supposed to be in school. I was such a bad kid but I just hate school. That's something about it. That seems off to me. But my sister, she the one who the lawyer, she just loves staying at school constantly. I don't think she minds the student loans as much because she just loves school and I kept telling her the truth other ways to be successful. In in my opinion there's other ways to be successful in life without having that educational opponent component. But at the same time it really depends on what you want to do in life. Like my sister, she wants to be a lawyer, you have to go to school, you want to be a professor, you need to get that education. But there's other people they can actually learn without going to school. That's my opinion. So I don't know that's a tangent,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, It's all good. I mean, I feel like school has like a specific structure and it's like as long as you pass, you know, you're going to get a great at the end and you know, you're going to get a degree at the end. Whereas I feel like because I worked like various jobs like since I was 18 and like, I feel like sometimes the work life it gets very like monotonous and once you know how to do your job, you're kind of like, that's it. Like I'm just doing it and I'm going through the motions, whereas with school it's like you're taking new classes and you're like, I don't know, there's like always new things going on. So even though it's like stressful part of me is like, but I'd rather just be sitting in the same job doing the same thing for like 10 years, like, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: no I agree with you that I had worked a lot of jobs too and I was younger and one of the things that hate is just that complete, like like you said you're doing the same thing over and over again and the structure and the job like in the, well I had worked for an airline and a structure and the airline was just this hierarchy and you could never get past, you can never express your opinion or make a change in the company because the hierarchy always just kept the lower employees down and you have to kind of work your way up and there was clicks. People would form cliques with each other and I was just like, I really hate this this environment. I like I can never get a, can never express myself and I can never say, hey, I think this company is going down, something's going on. Like the customers are upset, they're angry, nobody wants to fly us anymore. What even if you express yourself, it's just like, and things probably changed now because that was years ago. But when I try to express myself in the company, I couldn't even get like a word as it like a wet word. And so the company went down like I predicted and I was like I was just like I saw it happen and I'm like oh my God I can't I can't do this anymore. You know I'm not getting paid enough money to sit around and a company that doesn't work for itself to keep itself up. I was not making enough for that type of stress. So out
SPEAKER_L: it just
SPEAKER_R: I will.
SPEAKER_L: sucks when you have like a manager power trip who like doesn't want to hear anything you have to say, even if you're right.
SPEAKER_R: you have been so many. I don't know how I was able to put up with it. There's that managers, these managers that like you said why they have a power trip there too. They clicky three. There's people who try to get those people competing to get a promotion and when they compete they do things to sabotage other people while they're working on. Like I couldn't I couldn't find them. They're like what are you doing this is only a $1.50 raise for you to go through all the trouble. I don't understand. So I have worked several jobs like that. I have worked several jobs but the airline I had to say it was the worst job I've ever had except except for the free flights you have
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: getting?
SPEAKER_L: gonna say, yeah, it might be worth it. Like I'll just keep my position. You guys can fight, I'm gonna enjoy my free flights like
SPEAKER_R: What's not gonna work do you do now?
SPEAKER_L: um I just do research now, so like I help um like run, so we like run kids over zoom so because we can't be in the lab anymore and we like have them do different tasks and then we kind of just see how they do. Um But yeah, so I do that in school so it's like it's kind of complicated but like I kind of worked for my lab in the school, but then for me doing that they give me like a stipend, but then they also pay my tuition, so you don't have to
SPEAKER_R: Come,
SPEAKER_L: like take out alone.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, that's smart. I don't blame you there. Super loans is not no joke and
SPEAKER_L: my God. I know, it's awful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's nobody really doing anything about about it
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: as far as I. Uh
SPEAKER_L: And like, when I was like starting up an undergrad, like my parents didn't really know much about it, like they didn't really plan for me to go to college. I think they were just like get good grades and you'll get a scholarship, but like, they didn't really think it out. And like, I just took out a private student loan, which like, even student loans are forgiven like by the government, it wouldn't apply to me. Like I'm some stuff.
SPEAKER_R: my God. Yeah. That's so awful. Uh It's part of you actually kind of do surveys and stuff on the side and making extra money because that's the if you compile it up over time you can start paying off stuff. But it kind of sucks because you're thinking like I've done all this work I'm working and then once I finally make it, I have to start paying it all back. I mean it's really stressful. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: students down to government student loans, but from my understanding government loans, I think the article private loans, like did they stop interest interest accruing Well you're in college. Do you have interesting occurring right now on your loans?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I chose to start paying it off. Like, as soon as I took out the loans, I didn't differ it till after I graduated because I'm like, I don't want to see what those numbers are going to look like if I wait all this time to pay it off, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's, that's smart. I think the interest is uh, for people who have loans right now is, well, some government loans have been, I think it's stopped until december maybe like
SPEAKER_L: so the covid stuff,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think so. Bye. That's smart painted down while you, while you were go pay as you go type of situation, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So do you like Milwaukee compared to florida or or you're in a Minnesota
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: now? Right? Milwaukee.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, I hate Milwaukee so much. They're even, what's his name? What's his name, bob and kevin kevin above us, his name, Kevin something he, he did, uh, what movies that he did do to uh I said not all the others go to heaven. No, he ended up maybe it's all that was going to happen. Well anyway there's this movie where Milwaukee was the hill. Yeah, I was just like, oh my God, someone actually made a movie about Milwaukee being held like it was it was it's true. I'm like don't ever go to more now people who visit Milwaukee. People who go to Milwaukee, they said oh it's such a great it's a great city. I like it. That's just because they visit downtown on the east side and it looks like playing nice clean. They might see one bum walking around the street and be like, oh yeah there's everywhere, this is nice city. Well if they just go a little bit north they won't come back. They probably get shot. I'm like, hey walkie so much. So I left Milwaukee to move to Arizona Um in 2017. Oh what happened?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, can you
SPEAKER_R: Her
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: enemy?
SPEAKER_L: hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I hear you. But your your video went
SPEAKER_L: You've, you've been a little blurry but I can still hear you fine. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you see yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can see me and you, can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, it just went blank at is just blankets. It's a blank maybe on a string. I guess.
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: still hear me though?
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I would tell you to refresh it but like I don't really know if that would affect anything.
SPEAKER_R: No, I think we have just a couple of minutes left. I didn't set a timer ago and I think I came in like two minutes late, two minutes after after.
SPEAKER_L: like we have like five minutes left so it's probably fine. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm saying this, don't I moved to Arizona and it was beautiful there. I really like Arizona. Oh there you go. So I moved to Arizona and the sky is blue. The mountains are beautiful and I had a herniated disc sitting at the back of my spine that pressed against my uh my uh, is it my L. Five S. One area? And I had lost feeling to my legs and I couldn't find any medical help in Arizona. So I had to move to florida and be with family and just as I was healing and I was losing weight and stuff like that, the car accident occurred and I'm just like, what the heck everything keeps happening to me. So This last, this 2020 was really a blow for me mentally and physically. And uh coming to Minnesota is just like the last draw because the last thing I wanted to do was come back to the midwest and experience winter again. But yeah, here
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: it's been like, I mean that's like a real series of unfortunate events but like
SPEAKER_R: Mm. A lot of people I like it was depressing. I'll be honest, super depressing. But uh I'm trying to look at it more on uh be more optimistic and have a brighter outlook and to take my mind off things. I do things like this, go on the survey site, read books, write books, get a personal trainer, personal trainer was supposed to be coming over soon. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean you're still doing stuff and like being productive, you know? Like you you have to keep your mind sharp if you lose that, then it's just like over.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Some people just deal with tragedy better than others, you know? And I look at that, I'm like, wow, what? And it's psychology wise, you know, what makes a person deal with uh something, same situation, what makes one person person capable of pushing through it and the other person stagnant? And I always think like, what what's the problem, what what's the problem with the person that stagnant that can't push forward? And I always come back to childhood situations like their childhood or upbringing, uh, their environmental circumstances, um, basically made them uh, depending on what your circumstances is. You handle situations differently, especially tragedy. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I think like a lot of people are going through a lot like a lot of stuff right now because it's coronavirus. Um Yeah. Yeah. It's just like messed up everyone's plans and like it's hard for me to even play in my own future like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I think everything happens for a reason. So, you know, it might pay off in the end. Plus you seem young so you'll probably hear heal pretty quickly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I feel like a 78 year old, you're young. I'm like, yeah, but I'm bent over like 80 year old nowadays in this accident. But you know, I have to start like, like, you just have to start looking at the bright side of things, basically, just, I'm not take, take, take away stride, really feel I had to really feel my grief. I couldn't just put it aside. I really had to grieve over everything that I did in 2017-2019 to get myself back on track after that herniated this just for it to just for four months car accident. I was like, okay, at first, I was just like, when I woke up, I was like, yeah, I'm okay. I was in a hospital bed and my sister was like, she's gonna blow. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Did you kind of like stand up and then you didn't realize? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: it was time for me to say because like, they I couldn't stand up, that was the I couldn't stay, I couldn't stand up for three months. I was a bit written for five months and when I tried to stand up, that was when reality hit and the tears. So I couldn't I couldn't get up and it was at that moment that everything hit and I was just crying and crying and crying, crying and there wasn't, the health care system is so bad. There wasn't really any help for me. And uh and even today, even until now, I'm still grieving over what happened, but I'm just now realizing that I can't continue to grieve. It's been a year and some change and I can't continue to grieve all the time. I have to sort of make a difference in my life now because I'm not because there's people worse off than me that don't have the opportunity to have. So I have to think about that. Mhm. I talk
SPEAKER_L: I got to put
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: in perspective.
SPEAKER_R: really shy. I do put down that I'm shy and I don't talk, but I do ramble home when I don't have much to say.
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Good. Um Yeah, I mean you will be able to walk again right or not sure.
SPEAKER_R: I have a well I have a lot of weight, I carry on my body, so I have to lose a lot of weight after I finished losing the weight. Uh All right now, I'm gonna be working with a personal trainer. I was supposed to be working with the physical therapist, but working a personal trainer first, and then I work with physical therapists and hopefully I'll be able to walk with a cane right now, walk with a walker. Hopefully I'll be able to walk with a cane and go up and down stairs and go places, because being at home all day is just been a disaster for me. But and then I saw no pity party for me.
SPEAKER_L: You'll
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: always get like the closest parking spot though, you know, their benefit.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's the handicap parking spots where I can't drive anymore. Not now. But hopefully in the future I'll be able to. Is
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: you just got to stay positive and keep pushing through it and now it's like a journey not a race you know like. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Cheeto
SPEAKER_L: tough.
SPEAKER_R: I tell myself put the down no more Tito's. No, because that's that's I noticed it's one of my coping and I know we probably passed in 25 minutes now. But that's probably that's like one of my coping mechanisms. It's like eating and when covid hit it was just like I was eating like crazy and all the weight that I had lost I gave back. So now I have to start from scratch but I will do it. I will put my focus on it and change my life. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: got it. Oh
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: pop
SPEAKER_L: you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: you black. May I hear
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you? It's like black again. Okay, so I think I it's just a time now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it was nice meeting you in. Nice talking.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And I was talking to you too,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good luck with everything and I hope you recover quickly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Good luck with school and finding a job and getting uh you know being a professor and your goals and your path.
SPEAKER_L: It's a hard path to but hopefully I get there.
SPEAKER_R: It seems like you will and I'll root for you. All right, nice talking food.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I ever got your name. I'm sorry I forgot.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even though I didn't get my lap the last time I talked to the person and get her name. My name is chris
SPEAKER_L: okay. I'm Alexa like the amazon
SPEAKER_R: however
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: like Alex okay, hey I talked to Alexa all day.
SPEAKER_L: cat
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: all the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: don't know what type of ads are gonna pop up on my screen now, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Well now you met the real life persons.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Alright, Alexa. Thanks, thanks for talking with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice talking to you. Bye.