Hello?
I hear you can hear me okay, how are you doing?
Pretty good. Uh So we got to start a conversation. Yeah we didn't mine you have anything in my.
uh It's typical typical day for me but I write stories so I finished writing a story and posted it online and that's about it. That's an accomplishment for me though. I kinda hesitate. How about you? Anything interesting?
So
what are you what are you in school for?
what
I was going to go into psychology, I I have a communications degree and I was gonna go into psychology too but I'm just taking my time uh because I'm healing from broken bones but once I finished like kind of like uh the process of healing I'm going to go ahead and do psychology as well. So how how far are you into your degree?
so you think it's stressful working and going to school at the same time?
Oh my God. And you decided to call me your computer again today?
Have you done this study before?
Okay. Yeah. This is my second time doing it. It's an interesting study. I have a feeling like they're taking pictures of her eyes, like she looking to the left or the right, like what she, what
does
she do?
Yes, I tractor going on.
Yeah. Social psychology. What made you go into that?
Oh my god. Uh So what are you, what are your plans after you graduate? Like are you they end up working in a school or like mental health facility?
Oh my gosh. I know the struggle. I had just graduated in 2018. Haven't really
well for my undergrad. So so um I had plans but then I had got into a car accident and they kind of derailed my plans for future. But uh I can event I can really envision like uh I can't say I can, but I can't really envision going back to school for more years and not really have kind of like a road map set up. Like you have I like because things kind of change. You know my sister, she's a lawyer, uh now she's in school for business, so if you know how long it it it takes for someone to finish a law degree, I didn't decide not for me, I don't know. Mhm.
Yeah. And she has uh loan forgiveness as a lawyer because she worked as a prosecutor, so she has long forgiveness. But she's decided to go a different route because he thinks that she can make more money and make a difference in a different sector of society to that's where she's going well.
But do you have any family?
I have three brothers and three sisters. Uh Yeah, I live alone. But uh my I live in Minnesota now at Minnesota. I just moved here a couple of months ago from florida. So I'm preparing for the winter. So I have a sister in florida, a sister who just moved to D. C. Uh the rest of my siblings live here and I'm the oldest sister and I have an older brother. Uh It is a lot of us, the parents
don't care after kid. Number two. The parents like us. You guys, yeah, you can go do it. You,
Mm hmm. Yeah. There's more expectation. And your siblings look up to you or a don't look up to you and that's a different story like you don't want to go your route or something like that. But. So what state are you in?
Older?
Okay, let's see. New Jersey. Is it snowing there now or no?
there's a
blizzard, It's blizzard going on here, so uh
Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah.
Yeah,
because I have gotten a car accident in florida and um there's a lot of stuff going on after I graduated, I had got into a series of mishaps and a car accident was one of them, and my mom said, move up here, I'll help you. So she comes to help me do the things that I cannot do. And so I've been doing that. Not necessarily. I work myself employed right now, but I'm not in the field where I wanna be, like I said, I do want to go into psychology eventually and I want to reach out to people maybe do social work as well, but I really want to go into um behavioral health, so that's what I want to really focus on adult behavioral health. But uh so right now what I'm doing is working self employed and um basically do surveys and right books happen. I just published a book and
thank you. I just so I'm just trying to do something different. It's kind of it's difficult because you have one road map and then something just completely obliterate it and you have to try to rebuild from the start. So that's where I'm at. So I do like I do label making uh we sell oils, what else do we sell, earrings, necklaces, purses, We got everything, we sell all types
of stuff. Yeah, we do that. But Hopefully like I have this plan like a year, maybe 18 months, I will be where I need to be to get back on track, so we'll see. Okay.
Oh yeah, I guess I guess that's your right. I have that that leeway that time to see what happens with Covid before and maybe everything will turn back to normal all the time I heal from my injuries. We'll see and I go to school. I hate school of her passion or I'll be honest I'm not touching I'm not really good student like like growing up I had got like okay my goal was never to show up to school but to show up for exams and passed the exam so I can well here anyway. Or in midwest I'm from Milwaukee Wisconsin. You can never show up to school, take the museum, pass it and go to the next level, go to the next grade and that's what I was doing. I was just never in school. But so I would get like a 1.8 G. P. A. That's what I graduated high school with. And then then uh when I went to college I was like, oh I actually got to do work. So I got a 3.73 point eight grade point average. People like people are like what the heck does a huge turnaround? You just never put your mind to anything? I like I did, I put my mind into like soap operas. That's what I was doing. I was watching Silks, I was supposed to be in school. I was such a bad kid but I just hate school. That's something about it. That seems off to me. But my sister, she the one who the lawyer, she just loves staying at school constantly. I don't think she minds the student loans as much because she just loves school and I kept telling her the truth other ways to be successful. In in my opinion there's other ways to be successful in life without having that educational opponent component. But at the same time it really depends on what you want to do in life. Like my sister, she wants to be a lawyer, you have to go to school, you want to be a professor, you need to get that education. But there's other people they can actually learn without going to school. That's my opinion. So I don't know that's a tangent,
No,
no I agree with you that I had worked a lot of jobs too and I was younger and one of the things that hate is just that complete, like like you said you're doing the same thing over and over again and the structure and the job like in the, well I had worked for an airline and a structure and the airline was just this hierarchy and you could never get past, you can never express your opinion or make a change in the company because the hierarchy always just kept the lower employees down and you have to kind of work your way up and there was clicks. People would form cliques with each other and I was just like, I really hate this this environment. I like I can never get a, can never express myself and I can never say, hey, I think this company is going down, something's going on. Like the customers are upset, they're angry, nobody wants to fly us anymore. What even if you express yourself, it's just like, and things probably changed now because that was years ago. But when I try to express myself in the company, I couldn't even get like a word as it like a wet word. And so the company went down like I predicted and I was like I was just like I saw it happen and I'm like oh my God I can't I can't do this anymore. You know I'm not getting paid enough money to sit around and a company that doesn't work for itself to keep itself up. I was not making enough for that type of stress. So out
I will.
you have been so many. I don't know how I was able to put up with it. There's that managers, these managers that like you said why they have a power trip there too. They clicky three. There's people who try to get those people competing to get a promotion and when they compete they do things to sabotage other people while they're working on. Like I couldn't I couldn't find them. They're like what are you doing this is only a $1.50 raise for you to go through all the trouble. I don't understand. So I have worked several jobs like that. I have worked several jobs but the airline I had to say it was the worst job I've ever had except except for the free flights you have
getting?
What's not gonna work do you do now?
Come,
Okay. Yeah, that's smart. I don't blame you there. Super loans is not no joke and
Yeah. There's nobody really doing anything about about it
as far as I. Uh
my God. Yeah. That's so awful. Uh It's part of you actually kind of do surveys and stuff on the side and making extra money because that's the if you compile it up over time you can start paying off stuff. But it kind of sucks because you're thinking like I've done all this work I'm working and then once I finally make it, I have to start paying it all back. I mean it's really stressful. I
have
students down to government student loans, but from my understanding government loans, I think the article private loans, like did they stop interest interest accruing Well you're in college. Do you have interesting occurring right now on your loans?
Yeah, that's, that's smart. I think the interest is uh, for people who have loans right now is, well, some government loans have been, I think it's stopped until december maybe like
yeah, I think so. Bye. That's smart painted down while you, while you were go pay as you go type of situation, wow. Yeah.
no.
Hey, I hate Milwaukee so much. They're even, what's his name? What's his name, bob and kevin kevin above us, his name, Kevin something he, he did, uh, what movies that he did do to uh I said not all the others go to heaven. No, he ended up maybe it's all that was going to happen. Well anyway there's this movie where Milwaukee was the hill. Yeah, I was just like, oh my God, someone actually made a movie about Milwaukee being held like it was it was it's true. I'm like don't ever go to more now people who visit Milwaukee. People who go to Milwaukee, they said oh it's such a great it's a great city. I like it. That's just because they visit downtown on the east side and it looks like playing nice clean. They might see one bum walking around the street and be like, oh yeah there's everywhere, this is nice city. Well if they just go a little bit north they won't come back. They probably get shot. I'm like, hey walkie so much. So I left Milwaukee to move to Arizona Um in 2017. Oh what happened?
Her
enemy?
I hear you. But your your video went
Yeah.
Yeah. Do you see yourself?
Uh No, it just went blank at is just blankets. It's a blank maybe on a string. I guess.
It's
good.
I can hear you. Yeah. Okay.
No, I think we have just a couple of minutes left. I didn't set a timer ago and I think I came in like two minutes late, two minutes after after.
Well I'm saying this, don't I moved to Arizona and it was beautiful there. I really like Arizona. Oh there you go. So I moved to Arizona and the sky is blue. The mountains are beautiful and I had a herniated disc sitting at the back of my spine that pressed against my uh my uh, is it my L. Five S. One area? And I had lost feeling to my legs and I couldn't find any medical help in Arizona. So I had to move to florida and be with family and just as I was healing and I was losing weight and stuff like that, the car accident occurred and I'm just like, what the heck everything keeps happening to me. So This last, this 2020 was really a blow for me mentally and physically. And uh coming to Minnesota is just like the last draw because the last thing I wanted to do was come back to the midwest and experience winter again. But yeah, here
I am.
Mm. A lot of people I like it was depressing. I'll be honest, super depressing. But uh I'm trying to look at it more on uh be more optimistic and have a brighter outlook and to take my mind off things. I do things like this, go on the survey site, read books, write books, get a personal trainer, personal trainer was supposed to be coming over soon. So
I don't know. Some people just deal with tragedy better than others, you know? And I look at that, I'm like, wow, what? And it's psychology wise, you know, what makes a person deal with uh something, same situation, what makes one person person capable of pushing through it and the other person stagnant? And I always think like, what what's the problem, what what's the problem with the person that stagnant that can't push forward? And I always come back to childhood situations like their childhood or upbringing, uh, their environmental circumstances, um, basically made them uh, depending on what your circumstances is. You handle situations differently, especially tragedy. No,
I
don't know.
Yeah, but I feel like a 78 year old, you're young. I'm like, yeah, but I'm bent over like 80 year old nowadays in this accident. But you know, I have to start like, like, you just have to start looking at the bright side of things, basically, just, I'm not take, take, take away stride, really feel I had to really feel my grief. I couldn't just put it aside. I really had to grieve over everything that I did in 2017-2019 to get myself back on track after that herniated this just for it to just for four months car accident. I was like, okay, at first, I was just like, when I woke up, I was like, yeah, I'm okay. I was in a hospital bed and my sister was like, she's gonna blow. Well,
it was time for me to say because like, they I couldn't stand up, that was the I couldn't stay, I couldn't stand up for three months. I was a bit written for five months and when I tried to stand up, that was when reality hit and the tears. So I couldn't I couldn't get up and it was at that moment that everything hit and I was just crying and crying and crying, crying and there wasn't, the health care system is so bad. There wasn't really any help for me. And uh and even today, even until now, I'm still grieving over what happened, but I'm just now realizing that I can't continue to grieve. It's been a year and some change and I can't continue to grieve all the time. I have to sort of make a difference in my life now because I'm not because there's people worse off than me that don't have the opportunity to have. So I have to think about that. Mhm. I talk
lot
really shy. I do put down that I'm shy and I don't talk, but I do ramble home when I don't have much to say.
I have a well I have a lot of weight, I carry on my body, so I have to lose a lot of weight after I finished losing the weight. Uh All right now, I'm gonna be working with a personal trainer. I was supposed to be working with the physical therapist, but working a personal trainer first, and then I work with physical therapists and hopefully I'll be able to walk with a cane right now, walk with a walker. Hopefully I'll be able to walk with a cane and go up and down stairs and go places, because being at home all day is just been a disaster for me. But and then I saw no pity party for me.
No.
Oh yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's the handicap parking spots where I can't drive anymore. Not now. But hopefully in the future I'll be able to. Is
that?
But
the
Cheeto
I tell myself put the down no more Tito's. No, because that's that's I noticed it's one of my coping and I know we probably passed in 25 minutes now. But that's probably that's like one of my coping mechanisms. It's like eating and when covid hit it was just like I was eating like crazy and all the weight that I had lost I gave back. So now I have to start from scratch but I will do it. I will put my focus on it and change my life. Hello?
The
pop
you black. May I hear
you? It's like black again. Okay, so I think I it's just a time now.
Mhm. And I was talking to you too,
Yeah. Yeah. Good luck with school and finding a job and getting uh you know being a professor and your goals and your path.
It seems like you will and I'll root for you. All right, nice talking food.
I don't even though I didn't get my lap the last time I talked to the person and get her name. My name is chris
however
like Alex okay, hey I talked to Alexa all day.
I
don't
I
don't know what type of ads are gonna pop up on my screen now, I don't know.
Yeah. Alright, Alexa. Thanks, thanks for talking with me.