Hi, can you hear me?
Hello, how are you?
No, I mean did you do anything like fun today or anything? How was your day?
Yeah, I mean it's like a normal day for me too, so I had some zoom calls because I'm going to school online and uh tried to get some work done, but recently it's been hard for me to kind of like keep focus and stuff. Um So I'm trying I like I like have a school and like job life where it's like even if you finish something you always just have more work to do. So it's kind of hard to like, I feel like you have like you accomplished something tangible
but
um so I'm a graduate student and I'm studying psychology um specifically
child psychology. Yeah
that's so cool. Um I finished my undergrad degree so I got my Bachelors already, so I'm in my first year of my Master's program now, wow!
Yeah so I do like research and then I like I'm taking two classes. Um So I'm like on my computer from all day from like 10-6,
well I put times in the middle of the day and this is like the last time slot. So usually I like get off around six, but I was like yeah, if someone's available at this time we'll do is or like I'll do the study. So yeah.
Yeah, so I've done it twice and I've talked to two other people,
like
an
eye tracker,
probably,
I don't know, like I kind of just fell into it. So like um I went to like community college first and wanted to be a therapist and then I transferred and then like I learned about research and I was like, oh that's really cool and exciting. But I was kind of overwhelmed because I was like neuroscience so cool, like the brain and stuff is cool and then like cognition is cool and like there wasn't actually a lot of developmental people and I was like I just don't really know what I want. Um So then I like worked um for three years and like different research labs um like studying child psychology and I figured like I liked it, so I wanted to go to graduate school for it. Um So yeah the goal just to like do research and stuff. So
I mean the goal like for me like long term is to like be a professor at a university, so there would be like a teaching component, but also just to like do like original research with Children, like I study morality specifically, so it's about like how could think about like nice and being people and if their judgment of them differ from adults, so yeah, but I'm going to be in school for like five years.
Go.
I would be like really upset about the student loans if she had to take any out like and not using my degree after like no
now.
Yeah, so I'm living back at home because of covid stuff, but um yeah, I'm staying with my mom, my dad and my brother who's um like five years younger than me, so he's like in community college right now just kind of starting out. Um What about you, do you just have your sister?
my
I know I'm the oldest to and I feel like it's always the hardest for us.
I'm in New Jersey right now, so
I think I'm like an hour or two, so it's like six here for me.
Not yet, but it's been really
cold.
Well, I mean,
that's wild. No, it usually doesn't snow to like after thanksgiving. Like if it snows on thanksgiving, it's considered weird, but with like global warming and stuff like, who knows. Mhm
Yeah. So why did you move to Minnesota?
congrats.
my gosh.
I mean like if it makes you feel better, I don't think you're missing much because like a lot of students, like including people I know decided not to go to school this year or like take time off because they just didn't want to do their classes online and I don't really like blame them. Like if you want to have like the college experience or whatever, but even still, it's just like not the same.
Yeah, It's all good. I mean, I feel like school has like a specific structure and it's like as long as you pass, you know, you're going to get a great at the end and you know, you're going to get a degree at the end. Whereas I feel like because I worked like various jobs like since I was 18 and like, I feel like sometimes the work life it gets very like monotonous and once you know how to do your job, you're kind of like, that's it. Like I'm just doing it and I'm going through the motions, whereas with school it's like you're taking new classes and you're like, I don't know, there's like always new things going on. So even though it's like stressful part of me is like, but I'd rather just be sitting in the same job doing the same thing for like 10 years, like, I don't know.
But
it just
sucks when you have like a manager power trip who like doesn't want to hear anything you have to say, even if you're right.
I was
gonna say, yeah, it might be worth it. Like I'll just keep my position. You guys can fight, I'm gonna enjoy my free flights like
um I just do research now, so like I help um like run, so we like run kids over zoom so because we can't be in the lab anymore and we like have them do different tasks and then we kind of just see how they do. Um But yeah, so I do that in school so it's like it's kind of complicated but like I kind of worked for my lab in the school, but then for me doing that they give me like a stipend, but then they also pay my tuition, so you don't have to
like take out alone.
my God. I know, it's awful.
No.
And like, when I was like starting up an undergrad, like my parents didn't really know much about it, like they didn't really plan for me to go to college. I think they were just like get good grades and you'll get a scholarship, but like, they didn't really think it out. And like, I just took out a private student loan, which like, even student loans are forgiven like by the government, it wouldn't apply to me. Like I'm some stuff.
I
know.
Yeah, I chose to start paying it off. Like, as soon as I took out the loans, I didn't differ it till after I graduated because I'm like, I don't want to see what those numbers are going to look like if I wait all this time to pay it off, so
so the covid stuff,
Uh So do you like Milwaukee compared to florida or or you're in a Minnesota
now? Right? Milwaukee.
Oh, can you
still
hear me?
You've, you've been a little blurry but I can still hear you fine. Yeah,
I think it's okay.
Yeah, I can see me and you, can you see me?
can
you
still hear me though?
I would tell you to refresh it but like I don't really know if that would affect anything.
like we have like five minutes left so it's probably fine. Uh huh
Yeah,
it's been like, I mean that's like a real series of unfortunate events but like
Yeah, I mean you're still doing stuff and like being productive, you know? Like you you have to keep your mind sharp if you lose that, then it's just like over.
Yeah. I mean I think like a lot of people are going through a lot like a lot of stuff right now because it's coronavirus. Um Yeah. Yeah. It's just like messed up everyone's plans and like it's hard for me to even play in my own future like, you know,
But
I think everything happens for a reason. So, you know, it might pay off in the end. Plus you seem young so you'll probably hear heal pretty quickly.
Did you kind of like stand up and then you didn't realize? Uh huh.
I got to put
in perspective.
Come on. Good. Um Yeah, I mean you will be able to walk again right or not sure.
You'll
always get like the closest parking spot though, you know, their benefit.
know,
you just got to stay positive and keep pushing through it and now it's like a journey not a race you know like. Yeah. Yeah.
No
that's
tough.
got it. Oh
can
you hear me?
no.
Yeah. Well it was nice meeting you in. Nice talking.
Yeah. Good luck with everything and I hope you recover quickly.
It's a hard path to but hopefully I get there.
I don't think I ever got your name. I'm sorry I forgot.
okay. I'm Alexa like the amazon
thing
cat
that
all the
time.
Well now you met the real life persons.
Yeah. Nice talking to you. Bye.