Mhm. Hi, can you hear me? Yeah,
I'm login. And you
Nathan? Cool. Where are you from?
The same?
And yeah.
You know what? This brings me back to those old me golding's Have we done? Have you been on a legal?
We're
probably not
going to make Uh huh. But you don't look old. You're probably just five or 10 years
older than me.
I'm
about to turn
25.
Okay. How is Covid going for you in your life?
Are you quarantined at home like from work or do you leave for
work every day
up, man?
Well, wait in Minnesota.
No, not that county there. Okay. For
mine.
we're bad. Yeah, I've been working every day. I actually went to work because I'm Covid because I was student teaching and then I got it ended early because of the pandemic and I'm like, well I'm bored, I want to do something, I want to make money so I decided to go to work. Wow.
No, I work in a restaurant, I'm a manager.
Well I know O. C. We could have a whole 25 minute conversation about that
mama.
I feel like a wishy washy. Um
I think some of the schools near me are making it optional.
I heard
like so
it would be online because all these young kids are not gonna be
intelligence. You know? Like I read a me.
now
lot
definitely number. So. Yeah. I mean really I didn't I already graduated in the spring so I'm licensed to teach high school math in middle school math. But with you learning going on and it will be my first you're teaching. I'm like I really don't. Not my first year teaching. The consist of e learning
shit.
God. What were you going to college for? Okay. I took some spying. Its core.
And they actually
ended up your highest? Well, I feel like math and programming go hand in hand.
the
night.
Yes, for sure. A good job.
Mhm. Yeah, I took longer than usual. I should have graduated
in 2017.
But you know how life is?
It's
hate the american school system. Honestly.
No.
No one else can we talk about? We have 20
more.
What?
Oh yeah. I have full home puppies and kittens in my house right now. Okay. So I just have been with my boyfriend and I was living with my cat
And
he lived with two dogs.
So I've been here for a month and so we've been having
so like gradually
get our pets to like each other and my cats just then she has her own room and we have wrapped that leaves the door like what it's like gaps only
she can get in and out of. And every now and then when the dogs are outside, she's like, okay, I'm safe, I can come out of the room. And
now
now as I'm talking to you, I'm in the basement. I saw my cat come down the stairs and I'm like, oh crap, I can't make any sudden movements. Well the dogs are right here next to the couch.
I guess
we
well
lot
of
available.
No.
So how
many you have? Total? Like six,
Oh my goodness. What's up?
If you
wouldn't call
the monkeys, why? There's actually a dog. Great next to me on the couch. Here.
Team. Our what?
can see
that
definitely.
No landlord in their right mind would let you live there. Plus you would go crazy in such a confined place.
Don't tell me. Wait don't tell me you're nearest Walmart is like 30 minutes away.
Well I would even say Walmart from my house is 15 minutes but where I live it's like mostly suburban.
30. Oh my God. Yeah,
definitely warm
The church were probably like 20 churches around me. There's churches everywhere.
Have you always lived like in rural areas or?
gotta. Yeah I lived in Chicago for most of my life
in the
world.
Yeah. How do they like it?
No point
there or
surprise. I mean really every place there's open now I'm pretty sure bars are open
again.
Are
you trying
to make like expert income and streaming
one?
My spare time I just got into prolific and and I've been making some bank on there when I can.
I keep hearing complaints on Reddit about how there used to be so much more studies four years ago and
now
one.
Oh, so you're making more money on prolific because of covert?
No,
you're
What
for?
What?
$10?
Yeah. At this rate we can probably make like $1-$2,000 off of prolific a year
Singing probably around 30 because I just started
a week ago,
often
you
know,
okay, how often you cash out? Because I'm wondering if I should just less of
money.
Part
word,
Okay. Like what would happen if I get to $1,000 in cash it out all at once, go on a shopping three or something? I don't know,
Yeah, I tried a new turk from amazon.
I hate it. It's just, it just looks so messy and
It is your I didn't even think about it in terms of that though.
Well
and all the survey
get a penny for filling out this five minute survey like get $5 off of that survey unfurl if it.
What switched? Uh huh.
Oh I'm okay since I was like 10 years old, I've been obsessed with the Internet so I know most things internet really
for more, it
was nice seeing home
for a couple of weeks but I enjoy being out working, I mean we have to wear masks and all that so I've been pretty safe. No one at my restaurant in the past like three months has even then or has even gotten.
Thank you.
Yeah, so my county just made it a requirement to wear masks everywhere
written
at
all.
Oh my goodness. Well,
okay. Probably more sane than yours.
No.
I'm kind of bummed out because I wanted to go to the renaissance fair in Wisconsin this year.
I've never been to
Wisconsin, Dells.
Where's the father?
Where's the farthest you ever traveled?
What
something?
But it's 1
1,
so
you know?
What?
Yeah. That sounds terrifying.
Yeah. I've been to Canada
pregnant
for a couple of times. He said
you want?
No. Mexico under
what we're going on a cruise. I feel like if you're going to cruise that automatically takes you to like five countries.
what
a good thing.
risky.
Or
can he win
it?
that's that's the only way he could lose I guess.
These
are
good.
Yeah. Yeah. My boyfriend's like huge into the stock market just well the past couple of years and he lost a lot of money in carnival cruises.
At walmart.
Well
not
Want
well
Yeah I work at Walmart was my first job. I worked there for a
year when I was 17.
Oh my god. And yeah and wal mart is not they do not care that
worry.
They're
like
will
accommodate.
Yeah they don't care.
you
get something similar to me when I injured my foot and I couldn't stand I was working there as a cashier. They couldn't accommodate me and let me sit in a chair like
you're done.
I
can't
just sit
in the towards
my
mom.
Thank you. Like find that. Don't find someone who can stand employ them.
And
now
I begged them for months to let me transfer to transfer me to like the stocking apartment and just stop because I hated standing. I felt like I was in a cage for eight hours,
just stuck
in one little area staring at a screen during the same repetitive motion.
Is that
eight
people?
That does not
seem
like
a part of it. I wanted to be transferred to
paper goods because I like the manager over there, not like like
to
but
here
at school
and don't they get paid extra to be in that department?
You would think they'd want to higher the more qualified people to work that department
awful close.
How's that?
So
Uh for best buy,
if I walked into a best buy and I needed help, I'd probably be more inclined to walk up to you and not some woman in a Scooby skirt.
Well that really does sound like a whole audition
then. Of
course
we're going
to do better
From
10
and
best buy employees are not known for their theatrical performances. Why is that even a thing in their
energy?
They probably don't do that anymore.
Really not. I mean, I could see someone doing that for Hollister because don't they hire based on
or whatever?
I feel like they're gonna become obsolete soon, like blockbusters.
I
definitely care about game stop
all the time and they're terrible reputation on how they treat their voice.
it
through.
I feel like that busier store is and the more popular, the worst they treat their envoys. It
doesn't.
Who does?
I never tried applying to those places. Your best buy interview story reminded me of when I interviewed at the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago. So it's my favorite museum there and it was all about theatrical performances because I think I was applying to be a tour guide for like
kids.
Yeah. That would be a unique experience for future.
Yeah. Go home and be like you would never believe what happened to me at best spies today.
Well right.
What?
That is just yeah
that's
rip a group interview. That huge. How
is
that
informant
person?
Yeah, I can guarantee they don't use that interview process anymore.
It's got to be
Uh huh. Yeah. They probably ever pushed to do things like that.
I I used
to
be a Bennett
Miller.
I used to be a bank teller and the number one thing I hated about that job and same for walmart was having to push sales of credit cards. I hate having to ask everyone do you want to buy
your credit
card? This is why you should get a credit card. And I'm like, not everyone's responsible enough to have one. Don't want
to force
some people.
No,
I mean if you want to force a product on someone, don't talk about the cost of it, talk about like this is benefits. I'd probably be more inclined
to
listen.
Mhm I feel
like,
Well popular people work as telemarketers. Like how do you do that for a living?
I
didn't know so much about these types of calls and you used to work in a call
sometime,
Oh my God. Oh
What,
you're on twitch, you might know of this one guy. He's like a programmer and he exposes the like scammers from India like indian call centers and he will like hack into their cameras and like lead them on for hours and hours.
makes
born.
Well
that doesn't
have to
be like
global
hill,
Never heard of those.
Okay. There's one time, one time I've been scammed by a phone call. But listen, it was the most realistic thing I ever heard. It was one of the most traumatic experiences I ever had. I was probably 18 at the time. So
young, naive available. You understand. And
I'm at
my phone rings from the same area code I live in. So I'm like, oh, it's probably someone I know and pick
up my
fault.
Yeah, I pick up my phone and it's like this thick hispanic accent, which like I'm living in Chicago at the time. There's tons of people with thick accent. It's this guy saying he's from the latin
kings and my dad who is living in Chicago at the time
were, yeah, well no, he's not in a gang. He
delivered,
you know,
he's as a gang. Yeah, The toilets in Chicago. They're like, yeah, your dad was at the gas station getting gas and he backed up his car and drove over my 14 year old nephew and your father needs to pay for my nephews hospital bills. Like tell me that does not sound realistic. No, no, your dad doesn't
have them.
well that isn't a lot of debt. So I believe that he did not have enough money to pay for like american hospital bills. Especially
maybe this latin kings nephew doesn't have insurance. Like, I don't know. So they're like, you need to wire us money, you need to discreetly go to an ATM and get this money out and then discreetly wire it to us at like a
wal mart. Um oh,
you know the place? The moment where you can wire money? I forgot what it's called. Yeah,
Moneygram. And I'm like crying and they're like, don't cry and don't you dare try to call the cops because if you press any buttons on your phone, we're going to know exactly what
you're doing. And every now and then when I was like in Walgreens at the A. T. M. They're like, don't cry and act like you're talking to your boyfriend, called me baby call me honey, like I just felt so degraded. And so, and once I wired the money, their story was, we'll meet you at a local hospitals parking lot and we'll drop off your dad like from our van And I'm waiting there for my dad and
thankfully I was 18, I was working. I think I had just gotten done working at Walmart And I only have like $250 to my name. So that's all they got for me. Yeah.
And yeah, the top ended up knocking on my door on my car window. Somehow my mom tracked me and got the cops to find,
I don't know, there's a lot more to it. But that's the gist of it. It was really scary.
I would
think
they're faking it because they, they had me. Why are the money to Puerto rico? So I'm sure they live
and they're
just
acting.
Well a lot of land and kings are Puerto Rican and Puerto rico is the U. S. Territory. So I'm sure like they could be affiliated, they probably have family members in the going or whoa, Who fucked
up. I never heard of a scam like that. So I didn't think
you don't have my dad. I heard this stand before five.
it was a nice printing like. Yeah. Okay. No,
don't
have
them.
In Canadian jail. Yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder how they got all that information.
We
even
honor.
Maybe
they found
your
dream.
yeah. That's weird.
That's
creepy.
Or it could have been funny. No, but that
would even be more fucked up if it's someone, you know.
I know
like
wrong son mom.
Yeah, that was
Someone
trying
to steal.
They weren't
What
human trafficking scenario then,
that is weird. Have you like tried googling,
have you tried googling that? But
just
if
that
happen
to
people, it does exist.
Oh, the jail does,
Yeah, I wonder
before
purchasing
that
would be freaky. Hi marbling does it with something?
Please don't go together right now.
Oh, okay. That would actually be pretty
cool. Like preventing your death. Yeah, that would be cool.
Also, what would you feed yourself be doing in Canada?
Well, for riding away in jail
And what were you doing in Canada? And the personally
weird
Yeah, you're talking to your future self
like,
well,
he,
thank
you.
It came out of Canada, wow,
telling it sounds like human trafficking. They wanted to kidnap your mother and put her into
bring word prostitution.
I'm
So
we want
an
assistant.
that's funny.
Yeah. Well, yeah, you saw juvenile detention detention center. Of course they're making your mama jokes.
Well. Oh,
I'm like
don't
be
into you.
You're the minority. Not the majority anymore.
everyone
of course.
Whoa.
That's not a bad nickname
I do calling a white person a cracker really isn't even that insulting. It's like that's all you can come
up
with.
Yeah. Your experiences.
I'm glad I don't have to deal with that. In my place of business. My place of work. I mean my place of work has like 15 employees.
We all get along pretty well.
Oh yeah with the customers. I really hate our customers.
problems work
for two.
All right. I woke up like two hours ago and I haven't eaten anything yet so it's time for me to make
some breakfast. It was nice talking to you. I'm glad this worked out because I was supposed to chat with someone yesterday and they completely bailed on me
now. What? I think.
Wait what time?
Oh, mine was 11 a.m.
so we had
I have one today.
possible.
I think
we credit. Yeah.
All right. Thanks for one. Up.
You too. Bye.