Yeah. Yeah. Here. Mhm. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Okay.
Yeah, I mean. Uh huh
Nathan.
Uh, midwest us.
Oh please. So
nod.
Yeah, I heard about it, but never actually did that. Um my space
was
now.
I
don't know. I'm in my 30s. Uh huh.
It
it
becomes. Oh yeah. Then seven is probably years older,
Right? I don't know. But if you ask corona, there'd be more like an alcoholic beverage.
bob.
I just do things from home. And
my state's been one that really hasn't put any restrictions in. They're not most intelligent I guess on that. Hell the county fair is going to be kicking off here in about a week.
No.
It's
stupid though because they shouldn't be having it during this, but it was escalating cases, but
Alright. You working from home now then or?
Uh that's elaborate from a teacher to that.
The school district where you were working, are they going to be coming back this fall? Are they
gonna be closed?
Ours has already decided to come back
but
ours
is going to offer I thinking online but so that's actually what we're gonna be doing with our daughter as we're going to do it doing online.
No.
Yeah. I mean if you're in elementary school
like in the first or second grade you're gonna be able to keep those kids apart. No and the high school is gonna think they
know better.
Um Well see I was I I actually went to college but didn't actually graduate because they screwed up my student loans.
Um They sent money back that they then later needed and then expected me to pay it. Yeah.
I I got my G. D. Though and I and you said your math certified or whatever. That was actually my highest scores which I thought was actually gonna be my lowest.
But
what it was just odd because it's like ok I expected english or writing or whatever to be better and it was actually the other and I'm like okay now I'm confused But I graduated
been like the top five or 10 of
jean beat score. So I guess that was good.
So you just got out of school then yourself
That's
not
you're yeah I was taking
my time I was basically doing part time over the internet and I was About two years or so in I got like 40 some credit hours or something and then they just screwed it up luckily the schools being sued now. So. Yeah.
Yeah it's messed up. Especially the for profit ones which is what I attended. They don't care they don't care.
They just after their money and if they don't get it then they're not happy. All
Our
basting pitons,
puppies and kittens.
Hey
Maggie.
No
here
or?
What?
And that had
not big.
See
when
me and my wife got married we actually had she had a few dogs, I had a few dogs, I had some cats, she had a cat and we had
to merge them all.
So we
ended
up with like yeah we're ended up with way more than normal. People would happen. It's like we can't get rid of them. It's just
we have to emerge and I hope that everybody gets a lot.
So
we have four dogs inside. Uh two dogs outside. We had 5-6 cats, one just passed. And we take care of some strays that are outside as well.
and three guinea pigs And a purchase. No no no. But we do have two doves
and
a parakeet as well. Yeah if you want to count some sea monkeys occasionally but
Hold there.
Yes but we live in a rural area so it's not a big deal. And
if
we were trying to rent somewhere I mean that would be impossible
that we have.
Yeah The nearest actual civilization I guess you can call it is like 15 minutes out.
Mhm. Our nearest Walmart's like 15 minutes away, It's in the same area but it's not even that big at 4000 population.
Well see we live in a If they call it a town it's got a city limits but it's got maybe 30 people here.
The only thing here is literally
church and it's next door by the way.
there's probably about 30-35 and within the 15 minute range of us. I know, because I had uh, community service did an accident. I had years ago and I actually had to call 30 some churches trying to find. Yeah,
Well, we used to live actually 15 minutes away in town, but we lost that property back in 2018 and had to move to uh my wife's uh parents. How's that? They, they both passed away, so we took it and that's where we're currently at.
I actually
got
a couple of friends now from Chicago.
They've been mostly at home since it started.
And I think that's what drives them nuts.
I think they were under orders to stay home. They're basically just camping out at their own apartment.
Well,
they might be now, but also one of them I think works for like public relations or friends of facebook account or something for a company or something like that. So it's not like they couldn't work from home to do that, that kind of thing. I've been, uh, I've been doing uh, running the website and getting into streaming games, trying to build up an audience there. That's what I've been
doing
recently.
Yeah, I've done, I've been doing it for about two months. I got about Uh, and 50 required to move up to the next where I could actually start making money. I'm
just trying to get the viewer count up to. But, so that's what I've been working on, um, in my spare time.
yeah, there's, they're pretty good. I've been doing them since two years or so ago now.
I
have no idea. Uh,
four years ago. I wasn't here, but this year because of Covid, I'm sorry, but I've profited off of Covid.
Because of Covid. Because so many surveys have been popping up about covid
or so
on. I've been on certain
surveys
that pay me about $2 every week to answer a survey and follow up. And then another one that's paying me uh $10 every week or two
follow up One and
some are every six months and it's like $10, Yeah. I've been making quite a bit just on covid ones. They've kind of died down in the recent couple of months, but I'm thinking they're going to probably start picking up again.
I've almost got 1000 surveys I guess completed on there.
And I've
I made probably about 13, total. But that's over the course of like a year and a half, two years. I
used to get
about 60,
70 or so a month
used
to
be before this started, it was once a month at the beginning of the month, but
now it's been an as needed basis. I just did it about a couple of days ago, so.
Actually, uh, I got my ex doing this now too, and she's uh doing this and a couple other companies that I referred her to, and she's got quite a chunk sitting there now too.
Oh God, I would never touch that.
It's so mechanical. I guess that's why they call it mechanical. Yeah,
it's, it's, there's no aesthetic to it. And then,
I mean,
the surveys, they're all junkie.
yeah, prolific, definitely pays well. There's a few other companies out there that do. Um, so I do certain things like that, to try to make some money on the side. Um, but growing an audience is a real pain, I'll tell you that much. Well, there's like 6, 6 million streamers, I think, or something on the platform I'm streaming on.
it's like, it's really hard, what I'm also broadcast across uh seven others. Yeah. Until I actually get somewhere twitch and then I'll have to just put replays or something on those. But as far as even knew what I was talking about on that.
Uh huh. Yeah. But yeah, that's pretty much what I do. Uh I usually do that for a few hours a day and to help take care of family here and things around here, so yeah, find covid,
go
covid.
Yeah, but you're probably an area that's more sane. I go to walmart
where the requiring mass and there's people still walking around out.
Mine has never done that. They
actually,
here,
here's the school district. When everybody else had announced that they had shut down, they actually sent the kids to school for an extra day here before shutting down.
So yeah, I I said I think you're in a more sane area.
See we're having a county fair, I don't think yours would be having a county fair. I mean the
state fair has been cancelled but let's have a county fair. Yeah,
I've been to Wisconsin once and it was like a year or so ago because my uncle's mother was on death bed and was about to pass away and I went up there with him. That
was
that was fun. It took about what he was up there for about a week, stayed
at his mom's house. Yeah,
that's kind of the same. Well, see I went to
Wisconsin
but impossible when I was like eight, I went to like florida and from where I'm at, I
mean you're
probably uh Wisconsin is probably closer technically. But I mean, I remember my parents drove like day and night taking turns on the way to florida. So uh huh. Yeah,
especially
when I woke up one time, looked out, the window in the van was tilted like this going around a corner and
I'm going, oh my God, mom just like just lean towards the middle. Yeah,
so thanks mom.
Never
been there.
So
you you already more traveled than I am, you've already left the country. I never have,
yep. There you go again.
Actually, a friend of mine is gonna go on a cruise fall. He bought tickets
like
a quarter of the price they normally are because the cruise companies are doing really bad right now because the covid anybody
for a quarter of the normal cost. And then if the cruise gets canceled, he gets full cost back. So he's like, well, I either win and get a cheap cruise or I win and I get a lot money. Yeah.
I was like, okay, well
or
you lose and get Covid. Okay.
Right. I mean they
did,
they did quarantine
a ship before because of it. So it's like, I'm like, dude, are you serious?
we'll see. See this friend. Also, the funny part is he works at walmart. He left walmart to go work for a cruise company. He went there and was there for me. I was like, well, I'll see you in a couple of months. He's like, no, I won't be back. I'm going, I'll be on for six months or a year and then I'll be waiting to go back again two or 3 months later. He's back. I was like,
hey, yeah. I was like,
hey, what
happened? Because, well, you see, they had to recall the cruise. They were having problems. And then Covid.
Yeah, Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, you should have just stayed. So now he's trying to progress in walmart to get manager. Yeah. They put him in a pretty good place, so he's doing well. So they
didn't hold it against him for leaving. I guess.
Big.
I worked there for like 23 months, got really sick where I was to the point of throwing up black stuff and then passing out in the aisles.
And they were
like,
they
were like sitting
me home
and I would still show up for work the next day and they would still be home early. I would still show up and then they fired me for attendance problems.
It's like, you're gonna fire me for attendance for husband. Your manager is the one sending me home and now I'm in Hirable as a
result.
No
Christy.
Then
you would
be
like
getting
the full job description is standing as a cashier. Then you go to all these and people are sitting in chairs all the time.
asking all these persons they want to swap with you to stand for eight hours versus sit for eight hours. I don't
think
they trade that.
I
know. What?
I worked H. B. A. And uh that kind of stuff. That was fun.
Health
beauty
eight make medicine and stuff. I'm like mm
just
my
category
or
I thought
they should have put
me
in electronics
since I'm so well good. Electronic. But then they put idiots in there and I'm like well that's just great. Any time I go to electronic, these idiots there, they don't know what they're talking about.
I think so.
I don't test the people though, they're just like okay, let's get sticky over here. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh. And don't get me started on Best Buy's hiring process.
Yeah. I went to an interview that they had set up once and it was a group interview. They were trialling group interviews and they had uh acting as Britney Spears and paris Hilton and acting parts and rolls and stuff. By the way they assigned me paris Hilton
and then then proceeded to not like anything the guys were doing and higher to women and I'm gonna it's gonna sound bad but the higher the two women in skimpy skirts,
they did, they seriously did.
well I'm not sure she's going to be wearing that at work but it's obvious they asked those two to remain behind. It was like, I think we got our candidates, everybody else's leave. They said if we read it off your name, you stay and we'll do a little further talking and get your paperwork going, and that's the only two that stayed.
It was like, okay, that's just if you if you had us acting as those two women
and
then
you
Yeah. And I mean as like there was no technical questions, no, what would you do? Nothing else outside of just acting stupid for that entire thing
I
left?
They're pissed.
They
were trying group interviews because there was something new in the interview process. They wanted to try and they were the store that was going to trial it and
I don't know, but it was not good. I left there. I was pissed off. I'm not I was like, there's that's no way how you find a qualified person to work in a text or
they're probably more aesthetic
I guess. I don't know. I wouldn't obviously go there trying to find you. Yeah. From uh huh. But best buy was what I was hoping to possibly get into. And then eventually, because I'd like to I I would have liked to work around tech or some sort but after that I was like, no screw best. But I never no, no, I don't like buying from them. I only bought from them a couple more times because they were so dirt cheap on a couple of things that they had on cell. Other than that, I don't even touch them.
It's like Gamestop, Gamestop to they they pushed their employees and to treating customers like crap and a lot of employees know what they're doing is okay. You have a game that's worth a lot more than this, but they're only allowing me to offer you this and they know it. Then there's other ones that basically had to meet a quota. They don't meet the quota. They're out
but
finished.
Yeah. These companies that are in the tech field just on the storefronts anyways are just horrible. Well the big ones, I mean apple stores may treat their employees better and Samsung estonian,
that kind
of stuff Probably would. But I mean best buy no Gamestop. No. So
I
don't know. Apple stores are pretty well and they, from my understanding, treat their employees pretty well. So
Apple, like I said, but the more not non branded, just generic text stores I think are the ones that seem to have the issues to me. Yeah.
See
see that would make more sense than at a best buy. Mm. Do I need to walk down the angle? Hi, my name is paris Hilton and I'll be your guide today. I mean would you like to buy this flash drive?
It will be a unique experience of getting that customer the hell out the door.
I felt violated.
Yeah. Uh I did it just talk about that bags back, all that frustration I felt that day. It was just horrible. My ex's dad was actually one that took me there and I came out and he goes, so how do you guys like, oh don't even
I start explaining those, that's sexism and that's that's not an interview was like that was what it was
And
there's like 30 of us there too.
With
like
maybe
4,
4 staff members from the best buy involved two from corporate to from the store.
I hope the hell not. Then again, you go in there a lot of times, uh employees looking, you got uh you want to buy the higher cost product. It's got to be better that
This name on this one says Samsung, that means great.
They they are and they actually discussed that very briefly, or would you feel comfortable pushing a customer towards at a higher cost product or one that they weren't necessarily looking at? I'm like, hell,
you're
talking
about manipulating
people,
just
make
we
m
but I mean trying to force people to buy something higher costs or that they weren't looking towards or something like that. I just, that kind of gets me the hell out of the store. That's the car dealership stuff that you just want to leave. It's high pressure cells. I don't know why they would even try it because they got to know after all these years. It doesn't work.
It just puts people off and gets people to leave
and
don't
make up benefits either to sell it better because a lot of people make up what it can do over the other and the other one can do that just fine. It's just that they want to make more off the other one because they get commissioned and it's just, this happens all the time in these kinds of fields and it's just wrong.
It's
like if you're not honest at work, then I'd hate to see what you are in real life outside of work. If you can live with yourself doing that to old ladies and stuff then I don't want to know yet.
I mean, yeah, the cold calling is bad. I mean I would not want to work in a call center. Right. I have to make the calls to someone that's not expecting it. But a warmer hot call which has been requested or is one that comes in warm has come in hot when they are lead
going out
I
think sort of not really. I took orders for pizza hut but the company I did it for did it over the internet. So basically the cold calls when you're making the call without expectation from that person, the hot calls being requested and warm call means they're coming in. So the warm and hot aren't bad. But if you were gonna call center expect you to call out. Yeah, I hate these people. I tell them you better find a better job because I'm not going to give you an easy time on this phone call and I start doing all kinds of crap to screw up the mask if they want to go see a um an adult film with me at a theater or something.
And then I actually had one play along for like 10 minutes. I'm not even kidding. I was like yeah and they're gonna be doing this. I was describing all kinds of off the wall like high end like adult things and they're like, oh so how is this movie? Uh how's it been received by the public? And I'm just like okay, they're still going along. I just keep pushing after
until I was like get the damn it. I was like seriously? Mhm.
Actually they do recommend that you do lead these call centers on because it actually delays there calling for the next person and it
cuts
down their time and therefore that employee might actually get fired. That's why there's actually apps that you can download on your phone that will automatically do that for you to answer it and then start scripting back to them yes and
start
talking
back
to them
as if they were
a person. So so they're taking their talking to a person but they're not and it just screws with them.
It's it's on the app store forgot its name but I think it's like Robot killer or something.
Hello.
remember
Nigerian Prince?
That's
how
they get you.
No.
that's
Well
Latin Kings
is a gang though.
That
sounds like your dad that I'm wondering like what?
Uh huh. You're
well?
wow.
Yeah.
My
What?
wow.
Whoa
Are there? Yeah Latin Kings is a gang though, so I'm wondering if it wasn't like someone actually from that or faking that they were from that
or
something?
Well,
I
don't
know if they have a presence there or not. Is the thing they could, I mean
that's
I know,
I was like, was it was it wasn't a Nigerian prince, is that what it was? Yeah,
You
know, see what's
creepy.
Is that one about maybe 10 years ago my mom got a call in the morning and I didn't, she called me right afterwards to figure out what was going on. She got a call in the morning and um said that, did you just call from Canada, are you in jail? What's going on? And I'm like what? But I just got a call from you in Canada and that you were in jail there.
Well the sad part is they, they knew my name. They knew her number in her name sounded like me apparently. Um
and I'm sitting there going, that's creepy.
Well, it won't sound like me and
new other
details
of my life
that apparently
no one
else knew.
Well, I wasn't streaming then. It was like 10 years ago, but I was like, it was like, the fact is that they even knew details about my life. They shouldn't have
to try to prove who they were to my mom
and
I'm like, okay, some visitor from the future came and got stuck and need it out.
Actually,
well I don't, I don't have too many close contacts like that that would know a lot of those details. My brother doesn't even know those details. He kind of sounds similar, but he was in prison at the time. So I guess he's got
that part of it. But not the
just
But no, they knew like a lot of details from when I was growing up and stuff lying. People didn't know that. And I said was like a visitor from the future got stuck in a Canadian jail and I bet you they're still there.
Okay. They didn't get back to the tell a pod in time. I don't know. But I'm still kind of like off about that. So you have that story, you paying money And I have a story about just
what
the
hell happened. Yeah. They weren't even asking for money.
They were asking for my mom to come get them out.
I'm not even
I don't know. But they were like, you need to come to Canada and bell me out mom. And I'm going what
even gave the address for a gel in Alberta Canada.
I
did
look
up the
gel. It does
exist.
The gel does exist.
And they actually asked her to come to that gel to pay them to get them out. Yeah,
That's why I said my future
self is
probably locked up somewhere in about 10, 15 years. I'll probably find myself in that six.
What?
I don't know how else to explain that they knew those details. And was that a jail? Didn't ask my mom to send money, Come get me mom. Right, psychic. Remember I haven't even lived up there for like 5, 10 years at this point. And they're asking her to come get and I'm going, okay, this is just no mom. No, I'm not in jail. Don't go.
Like did you just print called me? I was like, what? I just broke up. You just call me what's going on? I just wish I knew what they got arrested for a second avoid in about 10-15 years
talk.
But I don't know seriously that was that that was creepy for me but
I don't know but they're probably still there.
and I was like what would be if it was and this is stupid thing about what would they be doing in a Canadian gel to this day and what would have got them in a Canadian jail in the first place?
Yeah. Uh huh. I don't know.
I was like you should have had to call me
I
think you should have
had
to call me. I I I clear that up real quick. Yeah but yeah so I said it could have been my brother because he was in prison. I don't really have any contacts. The number came out of Canada on the caller
I.
D.
and the number traced back to that gel. Yeah.
Miss She's like six
50 some years old or something. 50 years. It's like
come on what would you get out of that? I'm sorry I'm
sorry
to putting that
turns
but seriously what would you get out of that? Okay. Yes. Yeah
I was 20 something. She's like 50 something 60 or something like that. It's like I don't think you'd get much traffic out of that. Yeah. Well the people when I was in and out of juvenile facilities because I did have a history on that because I have a PhD and I thought my parents a lot. But when I was doing that it was the fact that um people would go your mama is like well if you want to £3400.40 50 year old woman go ahead. More power to you. They would never even get to me the mama joke. I was just like seriously? If you want that go for it. I was like dad.
Yeah and then I was like but I was like then can I call you daddy dad?
They
didn't have
to be much
more.
Yeah they stopped that like they say and this is gonna sound wrong but they say racism with the black lives matter and stuff. I was like yeah but she has a white person. I've experienced racism. I have I was in the juvenile facilities sorry. And actually they were majority black for a lot of them. Either I put it in fitting their style or I was not treated quite well. Yeah one of them they actually
well as a lot of them are from philadelphia at one point down in texas and uh a lot of them are islam are muslim and a couple them took me under and protected me from the others. It was a psychiatric type place because my A. D. H. D. And stuff. That's where I finally
diagnosed some other things. But um I was down there and they'd call me cracker all the time.
It's like okay well as long as you add Jack at the end of that I don't care. So
the joke when they didn't get to me like they thought they would, I was like why do you let them call you that? I was like, hey as long as they say Jack, I don't care. So they called Jack.
So it's like whatever.
but if
I turned
around to use the other way around it would have ended at all. So it's like people say you don't understand racism like well I do it's like I don't understand the oppression that that's black people have gone under completely. But I have experienced racism To a pretty good degree multiple times multiple different places for anywhere between three months to a year at a time. So yeah I have but it's just like I don't understand their day to day but I do understand racism.
Yeah it shouldn't exist and people should just get along and stop treating people like trash. But when you have someone in office that kind of enables it, that's a different thing. But mm.
Back
but watch that Karen
It's always gonna be that Karen that comes in there at some point start demanding
ball
out of a basketball. Can't you just painted a soccer ball and then give it to me? Yes. Can't you just buy the paint paint yourself? I don't know. Yeah. Oh
What?
I don't know if that was me or not. I
I say that because I was actually scheduled originally for yesterday
four p.m.
And
I told him at the time when they schedule me that I wouldn't be able to make that because they scheduled exactly the time I had a doctor's appointment
and so I wasn't able to do that. And so they scheduled me for today instead so I was just eating when the call or the video started. So yeah. All right
well I I don't know if they're supposed to cut it. We're supposed to get I guess we are
something
so alrighty
Yep. Have a good one