Hi.
What's going
on? How's
yours?
Yeah. Just all right. What made it all right Instead of? Great.
Oh what part are you in the U. S.
I'm in Kentucky. Is it's uh yeah so right next to you It was yeah it's really drizzly here today but surprisingly McGee. Is it still humid over there for you? Will. Yeah. Do you do a lot of stuff outdoors or with the rain? Just making you tired? Yeah.
that
was,
Yeah. Okay. What's it like? Uh Okay. So what
do you what do you typically do during the day? Do you work out of the home or do you work outside of your house? What do you do?
Did you so how did you have to do that today? Did
you have the day off? Okay.
So what do you do with your day then?
so that's your folks.
Yeah. Okay. What did you watch today?
Um I what did I do? It worked a little bit. Um let's get some emails and did some stuff and then I went to The library for the first time in like seven months, which is great. Um
Uh huh Oh yeah, Yeah, a lot.
Then out
my favorite book. Gosh, like all of them, it just kind of depends. So yeah, just if I don't know like I literally will read anything. I like Stephen King a lot because he's spooky and I like creamy books. Um Yeah, but like everything I like really creepy, scary spooky books. I like funny goofy books. Um like chuck palahniuk is really good. He's the guy who wrote Fight Club. Um Yeah, Stephen King is great. Uh Jonathan franzen like Yeah, just anybody do you like to rain?
Yeah, I picked up about caring there. Uh
Mhm. Do you like uh like what genre do you like? Do like comedy or horror
or science fiction? Like horror? Okay. Do you like Stephen King? Okay, he's I just got his book, The Institute.
So you
want
that
1?
So it's like it might be his newest one, so it will be I don't know, I started reading it and then my husband took it from me and started
reading it. So I have to come back to that. I because I'm reading a few books right now. So he took that, have you read desperation? Okay. It's like super horror. It's um it's a Stephen King book but he published under the name Richard Bachman. So
it's a
student
him. It's real like it's pretty violent so you have to be okay with violence. But like
it's
Yeah, you're okay, you're good with that. Like it's super violent but it is a great book. It's like everything that can go wrong goes wrong,
like just people are dying it like it's dramatic. People are exploding. It's good, it's great. Um
Right that one what is it? It's just I think it's desperation and the regulators, I can't remember which one comes first. They're not really it's not really sequel, they're just kind of in the same world. So I don't think it matters what order you read The Men but they're good. Do you like have you ever read anything by Neil Gaiman?
It's
Oh he's great. Okay, so if you like whore, he's like you like graphic novels? Okay, so he wrote one called the Sand Bam. Um
So you have
to check
out Oh your friend tim man. Okay,
I don't know what you know about the movie, but how did you feel about the graphic novel?
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, definitely, explosion a lot of stuff, It's really pretty too like just the art and stuff, I like it a lot. So he Neil Gaiman that he wrote a book called American Gods. It's really good, they turned it into a tv show, I think it's a star show maybe. Um but I haven't seen the show but the book is great because it's like, I can't even, it's been so long since I've read it, but it's basically like they're all the old gods, right? You have like your norse gods and your pagan gods and greek gods and everybody and like and the gods and uh the nazi tales, so you have all of your like old school gods and they still exist and like mess things up for people and do stuff but they're being replaced by the new gods which are like power and money and fame and so it's like this battle of the old new god's gonna also super violent like that's what it is. Half of it like it starts this guy's wife dies and then he's like she's somehow is reincarnation not really reincarnated. She's like more of a zombie and she just follows him around everywhere. No it's great and it's really rather than. So what type of T. V do you like to watch?
Okay you both have you watched Shits Creek?
How's
your 400
United
to it?
How many episodes did you get into it?
okay okay still not into it.
Okay see the first three episodes it was like uh No this is not funny and I don't know by the time I got like five episodes Steve I was into it. What shows have you watched recently?
Okay. Yeah I have it's on tales that exists. I don't even know there's still like what they like have like dance moms and stuff. Is that that's old old tales and movie.
Yeah. Not your not your kind of show.
you
like?
Okay. Are you like are you super into history?
Just like my Children about it?
yeah. Yeah like Roswell and stuff. Area 51 minute. Yeah that's that's pretty neat because you just don't know right? Like maybe it's fun
to entertain.
Well where is it? Uh They found signs of alien life on. Yeah like I want to say jupiter I think it's jupiter. They found some type of um scientists and as I found I think it was found some type of they they they detected some type of gas that indicates that there has to be uh microbial life. So like it's only microbes, right? Just bacteria. It's not since your life but still like that's kind of cool. There's actual life
elsewhere.
Maybe. Maybe they haven't like actually discovered the microbes but the evidence of them. So.
Yeah. What? Oh gosh maybe mars I think that was mars I can't remember.
You get riskiness. Yeah I'll just go back and look at that because that's really cool. Mhm. Yeah like I think like alien stuff is cool but I'm obsessed with space. It's just so many that.
yeah that's terrible. So the Kipper bill maybe.
yeah I know there's too much, there's like too much going on too many spaces so these these things. But yeah it's really cool. Do you have any observatories around your area?
Uh huh. We have I haven't gotten to go like a long time but I live really close to a major university and so we've got a big observatory in one of our parking garages And uh when the astronomy professors or like doing cool stuff, they'll let people from the general public come look in the big telescope as people. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a lot of fun. What about planetariums? Do planetarium around you?
Okay. Just does uh, does Virginia have hills and hollers like Kentucky? Okay, this is that that kind of like hill and holler area. Okay, so pretty though.
right. Gosh. I know. Yeah, there are parts of Kentucky too or you just have to, I live in, it's not a major city but it's still pretty small city, but the other parts of Kentucky or you have to like get down the gravel road and hope it doesn't rain because you might get flooded, start
wherever you're going. Yeah. The only, I only really know true places in Virginia. I know shenandoah valley separate, fighting to stay in the valley and then like the Virginia beach area. And that's really my husband and I were just talking about that today actually is that like we don't know anything like we know way too little about Virginia for being like right next to us, it's right there and like you know it takes like three hours to get to west Virginia so it's not in Virginia so far away.
Okay. Oh have you explored it? Like
like have you mhm.
How was that? Was it? Did you see anything, did you feel anything or you like really weirded out?
What a helical. So
Mhm. So you just, yeah, basically having to pull off and sleep in your car. You went to Kentucky, Kentucky is like that too. Like branches gets, yeah like there's nothing you hope you don't run out of gas and you hope nobody comes at you with a shotgun like because you're on, you know, you don't want to accidentally end up on somebody's property because they will shoot you
blank, you know it's Kentucky. Um
So I don't know West Virginia is probably a lot like that to people get a little squirrely out here about you being on their private property when you get out in the country areas. Yet. I live kind of in the study so it's not the same. But now are you from Virginia? Like if you grew up there and your whole life in Virginia,
Did you move there?
Oh okay. Northern South New Jersey.
What's the issue? Yeah. I know. Milford. So um I had a boyfriend in college who's from Pits Grove. Um Yeah so when, when we would go back and visit his family, let's go, we go over here for um and then like over to Philly to go check it out. It's a pretty how how old were you when you left New Jersey? Mhm.
Okay. And then straight from New Jersey to Virginia? Okay.
No. Oh I did your family just say, hey, guess what we're moving? Uh huh Jenna. What? I had to be rough and then, so okay, so you've lived in Virginia since then?
Okay. Where'd you go then? Mhm.
Yeah.
How
is that? Okay, Oregon and California.
and from my, okay, did you just like want to see all the different places?
Okay. Mhm. And then I've been eventually found yourself way back to Virginia. Yeah. Right okay. I've just lived in Kentucky like up and down kind of around different parts of Kentucky but just Kentucky. No it's not about moving but my family is here and they're all right. I mean they're pretty cool people so I figure I'll stick around them. Do you still live around your family? Yeah they all right people. Yeah
that's it. Right. Yeah there. Yeah I get it. You're like did they go in herbs? She said you like to go camping? Do you go hiking and camping a lot out where you are
I think.
Yeah. Okay. What made you stop? Yeah. Yeah.
Oh it is though. How old are you?
He said? Yeah it gets
harder and
colder.
Okay. Yeah I just turned 33 like yeah when I was a member day saturday was that
two days ago? Yeah. Um Yeah it's hard to make friends so I've taken to just being like super awkward with people and if I like somebody and like, hey you wanna be my friend. And then they're usually like, yeah, sure who's who's gonna say no to someone who awkwardly asks you to be their friend. Yeah,
I know man, I've got a couple of friends like love them to pieces and went to be their friends for always, but I think we talked to each other like once every three months.
Yeah, yeah, we get like, well text for like, You know, 30 minutes and it's just like, well here's my life over the last three months and then we stopped talking for another three months, you know, because life get busy. No, I understand. I've got kids and two kids a full time job. And I just graduated from school. And so for a while there was like, I don't see anybody ever, no. Free time for anything.
Well, so my kid, unfortunately my kids are not to school yet, so I was myself, I just graduated um in august in august I graduated. Um so my kids are well a little bit over one and just about four, so they are just in daycare fortunately because I could not stand homeschooling my kids, that would be terrible. Do you have kids?
No. Okay, so you have to worry about it. So what was the pandemic like for you without having kids to deal with during the whole time?
Yeah. Yeah. So not a bit, not awful bunch of changes. That's good. Right, what else do you, you, let's see, I'm trying to think of like a really weird question. Uh huh. It's a fine. Um Okay, if you could, so do you think you'll ever move outside of the United States?
No. To live
having that. Do you think? Have you traveled outside the US
now?
Where would you go? Yeah I so I went to Mexico a couple of years ago down in Tijuana, baja California which is the western coast of Mexico. That's awesome. It's beautiful and people are really nice. The food is really good. Um And then my family lives part of my family lives in Grace.
So we were supposed to go visit them this summer but couldn't, so we'll go see them next year but it's beautiful out there. To where where would you go first if you got to go visit outside of the U. S.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh doesn't japan seems super neat?
Yeah. Do you like do you like to eat like do you like food? Yeah like different like have you do you have any like japanese restaurants around you?
Yeah that's just good. Do you have uh Oh my gosh, that's Vietnamese, right. Vietnamese restaurants out where you live?
Okay. It's just in it, just like a fair bit of travel to get anywhere. Yeah
I got
it.
Yeah. Right. Do you have like all of your neighbors like pretty far away from you?
Oh really? Still close neighbors? That's good.
So you have your community but still pretty lots of hills and greenery? Yeah. Does it still get like icy and snowy out there in the winter? Mhm.
Yeah. Ah Man I doesn't snow here as often as it did when I was little anymore, but we still got a little bit of snow but more like ice than anything. We get to seize insane ice storms that knocked out all the power.
Oh that's terrible. It's pretty, It was like more fun when I was, you know in my early 20s and didn't have kids and you could just like take off work and be stupid. you know, I gotta go play outside the ice. Not so much anymore mystical. What else is fine, let's like find something else to talk about for like four more minutes then you can go about your night. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah
like something illegal and not get in trouble. Oh
gosh.
Oh it's a good question. Um Yeah, I don't know. It's got to be like breaking into somebody's house right? Like a famous person's house. Um An illegal and not get in trouble. I don't know. Um Like really complex today.
Yeah, I have to say like, I don't know, I probably like break into a famous person's house. I'm trying to think of like somebody super outlandish like lady democrats house and just like get into her stuff. I don't know like I'm not super into lady gaga. I'm just trying to think of somebody lake with like some rich person right? With a bunch of cool stuff and I could go like mess with their toys, right? Like take their cars out first, then run around their house. Like see what it's like to live in this ridiculous house. But you have to
break in. I don't want to be friends with them. I just want to use your space. That's all I got. That's probably not super exciting, the legal thing to do. Uh What about you? Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That'd be a good use. Here's my fear about that though. Is that like you do it right? But then they this is me being super paranoid. But then like you know like you they find your body somewhere like in your burnt out car or something, right? Because that's what happened to the journalists who like the Panama papers. Like she leaked all this information about rich people and then killed her. So I mean still like a cool thing to do like, oh no, they're going to kill me
but if there are no consequences right there, the cool thing to do. I think I did uh Not a time enough illegal stuff in my 20s. Does that get, you know, it's like I have not done that before and it's fine. Like I got arrested in Belmar New Jersey once. That was fun. My younger days before becoming a mom. I thought it'd be fun to smoke a joint and then go drive to Philly and that was not a good idea.
Got in trouble. So No more activities like that.
exactly. You gotta have you ever, what's what's your biggest, your biggest mistake that you learned a lot from or what you just have to be your biggest, but what's something that like you look and you're like, I'm glad I did it and learn, but I'll never do that again.
Well, yeah, that would be super scary. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a big lesson to learn from. That's okay.
Well who knows? Maybe if you hadn't had that experience, you would have fallen into alcoholism. But you know that scared enough to be scared away from it.
The good thing because that's a, I had one of my husband's like really good friends with last year's, a year before he passed away, he was an alcoholic and he passed away from complications from alcoholic At the age of 30.
Mm. Yeah, It was like he'd finally gotten sober like we thought maybe for real, but then his body just kind of gave up on him because it's like a hard life. So look, you've saved yourself all that trouble. So just like pat, your early 20 something stuff on the Vatican going almost killed us. But we're not an alcoholic. Okay. Alright, on that note, I'm gonna let you go about your evening because I am old and it's time for me to get ready for Ben. But I enjoyed talking to you. I didn't ask. And if I did and he told me, I apologize. But what's your name?
Melissa. I'm Lauren.
You too. Thanks
for telling you to. I hope you enjoy your night. Yeah.
Like listen, just call up one of your friends and be like, hey, we haven't talked in a while, but I want to go camping. So let's go. Let's just think about all right, have a good night.