SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh Mhm mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: doing?
SPEAKER_L: pretty solid. Yeah. What do you?
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Sorry for keeping you waiting a bit.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm good. What have you been up to today?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Some family came by. We had some conversations and just talk.
SPEAKER_L: Are you where you were you located? I'm up in Portland Oregon right now and it's been like very dreary weather and I've not been having it because it was so nice out yesterday.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Minnesota.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: got you. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so it's been snowing. It's it's not like today, but it has been snowing. So what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm laurel Yeah, how about you,
SPEAKER_R: Chris
SPEAKER_L: chris Hi, nice to meet you. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: nice
SPEAKER_L: I worked,
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: I worked for this organization, we do like college access coaching basically and it's actually headquartered in Minnesota. So hearing about the weather differences has been crazy to me because you know in Portland, like for me cool, I'm actually originally from Hawaii, so cold for me is like anything under 60 but
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: say you're like research court? What what are you doing? Like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: a college counselor basically. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: but anything that's under 30 to me is just insane. So hearing people from Minnesota talk about the weather there is it's crazy right?
SPEAKER_R: this is my first winter here. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh got you, were you originally from?
SPEAKER_R: Wisconsin. But I moved here from florida. So and well, will be the first one that I had in the last three years.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That's no that's that makes total sense. What brought you, what brought you up from florida? That's a big move.
SPEAKER_R: I was in a car accident. So I moved here too. Kill my bones and be around family that can help me,
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: totally makes sense. Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: sorry to hear that though, that's gonna be that's gonna be a really rough experience, right?
SPEAKER_R: say your name is or L. A. Like is it like all one name or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well 11 name, so I'm originally from Hawaii and we have a do you have you heard of like the Hawaiian lei before?
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: It's like a flower, basically like a flower necklace that will, it's like a thing that you get sometimes if you um like for celebrations and stuff and in Hawaii you usually give them away for like graduations and things. So we have
SPEAKER_R: At all.
SPEAKER_L: my grandparents have a lay farm where they grow up on show flowers um and make them, That's where the last part came from. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mm
SPEAKER_R: So are you enjoying uh doing what you're doing as being a counselor?
SPEAKER_L: I like it. I think it's, um, I worked for AmeriCorps, which is basically like a service organization, which means I make very little money. Um, but I really like the work itself because I think it's a good way of, we basically help lower income, but high achieving students try to get into good colleges. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: and it's, it's super. I really like it because I, um, when I was at school, I went to the University of Oregon and I gave tours. Um, and I would talk to, they did a lot of the multicultural recruiting events and that sort of thing. But I always felt weird about doing that for out of state students and stuff because I'm like, you know, you're probably not going to be able to afford to come here, right. You're going to have to take out a tunnel loans because it's an out
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: of state and I never really like doing that. So this is just for me, it's a cool way of actually being able to be like, okay, here's the genuine good fit for you, not like having to sell, sell them on stuff, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I get you. I was like, can I I hate being a salesperson, especially something I can't stand for, you know, like I don't
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I don't war against. Okay, so how long have you been doing that?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty recent. I started in august um I just graduated this past, yeah, I graduated this past year. So this year. Earlier this year,
SPEAKER_R: Station
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Yeah, but it's been really good so far right now is the crazy season, right? Because everyone's applying everywhere and I do a lot of essay editing. So I just have like a billion college essays in my brain at any given time. Mm But what do you um do you do? Is there anything that you do normally? Mm
SPEAKER_R: Well, since the
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: car accident, I had to kind of um I work basically for myself, so I'm self employed. Um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: There's been a shift because I I just graduated, I graduated in 2018 and uh my goal was to uh go into graduate school and do some psychology, but since the car accident, I have just been doing self employed work, so you make earrings
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_R: that go ahead uh sell oils, like all different types of oils and hearses. And then also I'm I'm kind of like becoming a writer, so I I self published a book and now I'm just trying to right to more, it's kind of difficult to get into the writing spirit sometimes, but that's what I've been doing.
SPEAKER_L: I have so much admiration for people who can write like that. I, I have such a hard time writing and for any classes, So that's, that's super cool. What was the book about?
SPEAKER_R: mm Iran erotica but
SPEAKER_L: It sounds right.
SPEAKER_R: it's a sci fi fantasy and different species that uh that has populated the world
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and the hunters who hunt down the species and uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: to get captured for experimentation and one of the hunters is a female and she gets captured instead by one of the species and you know, erotica happened. But
SPEAKER_L: That's not, no, but actually that sounds super cool. Like, like I'm sure there's a big market for that, right? For just like general like sci fi erotica. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm just breaking into it and starting to learn how it works.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: But I actually I'm trying to branch away from the erotica now because I I write from erotica for a site but I'm more passionate about the actual storyline and I don't want to always build up to the erotica and that's what erotica is about. So I've been doing plotting more uh
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: storyline instead of instead of just plotting towards the erotic apart, but and God has a review. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's super interesting. I'm like, I know that I would have, I mean cause it's like, I feel like a lot of people like write it off right is not like as legitimate, but like it takes. So I can't imagine like being able to write an entire, like even not even a whole book for me, it's just like 10 pages of like actual like because you better like accelerate the plot right, and you've got to like make people care about your characters, which is so
SPEAKER_R: Internet.
SPEAKER_L: hard to do. So I I think that's super cool. That's really interesting. When did you, when you get started with that or with right creative writing in general?
SPEAKER_R: Well I I started writing again probably in august and I completed a book in a month. Uh I've always been a writer and I've never had the opportunity to finish anything because I was always so busy working or in school, so our accident did give me the opportunity to that and Covid gave me the opportunity to spend time to just kind of focused on the writing and that's what
SPEAKER_L: that's super cool. All right. I like it were,
SPEAKER_R: Is this your time doing this program?
SPEAKER_L: I've done a couple calls before, how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, This is my 3rd 1, so it's kind of interesting. I
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: it's really actually really like it because you get to meet such a wide variety of people, you know, it's really,
SPEAKER_R: so far like
SPEAKER_L: wait,
SPEAKER_R: anyone
SPEAKER_L: what was that?
SPEAKER_R: who have you met so far?
SPEAKER_L: One of the most interesting person I think was this this woman who she like is a substitute english teacher and also does like a little bit of english tutoring, that sort of stuff. um but she is deeply involved in the deaf community and so we just had this whole conversation about how um evidently Rochester new york is the scent like the global capital of Um just like the most per capita deaf people and that she was living there doing like a lot of research and community stuff and it was just like so interesting, it, you know, a whole like probably 20 minutes just about like living in that space and like basically, you know what deaf culture is like and stuff and it was so unique, right? Because it's like, I've never, I've never spoken to someone who could just like go off about it like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's interesting. Like I've always wanted to learn sign language myself, I only know the alphabet and it's just a,
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: it is a unique community. They have their own, I can't say it's a click. There's something else about the community. Their
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: their their their their bonds are seeing a little bit stronger than uh you know, people who can actually communicate, you know with their voice, like they're bonding a little bit stronger
SPEAKER_L: no, it's, yeah, and it was really interesting because I'm a type one diabetic, so it's also like a different kind of disability, but there's nothing like that in the diabetic community, you know? Like I mean it's like you can like I can talk to other type ones, but like it doesn't, there's not like the instinct click that I've heard happens a lot. Yeah, it was definitely was interesting. How about you? Are some people you've met?
SPEAKER_R: Well let's see Hammond, the first lady that I spoke with, she was like a researcher. Not know, she was a social media marketing lady and she would do prolific on the side and you know, she, where does she live? Yeah, I know she doesn't one of the Dakotas I think and uh you know, but we never get much to talk like in depth of what he does. And the other one was a college student and she's uh she was the researcher and she was going to school to be a child psychologist uh basically. And as she uh stays at home now, I think maybe the covid. Yeah. Yeah. But we don't really get into much of like what her research was about or anything like that. I don't I don't know. I'm kind of like a I talk I talk like in a way that don't bring out conversation and people.
SPEAKER_L: I think, I think you're fine. I think you're very comfortable to talk to, you know. Mm,
SPEAKER_R: Well that's that's good to hear. Yeah. But yeah. Oh no, these are interesting. I wonder what they're using it for.
SPEAKER_L: It's exactly, no, I'm I'm really curious about what they're, what they're gonna do, you know? Because I am just literally no idea.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know that when we took our, was it this one? It could have been uh to qualify for this. Like you have to read the eyes or something like that to see if there are emotional emotions. Was this that one?
SPEAKER_L: This might, I think it probably was because I think I did the same the same thing, but I also can I like I really lose track of what's going on sometimes, like, which is tied to what so
SPEAKER_R: I don't do much surveys on prolific. This is I mean, I don't I try I'm trying to do more surveys. This is it's hard to catch known. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but especially
SPEAKER_R: This is
SPEAKER_L: and like if you're if you're home and you're on the computer, it's way easier than if you were just like, you know, checking like once a day or something, Right? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I get a lot of this one is really good as far because you don't have to yeah, you do have to answer questions but you really don't have to think about the question so much and you can just talk with people something like it.
SPEAKER_L: I did this crazy. I normally I don't do the like longer surveys but yesterday I it was like the most unhinged survey I've ever seen. Just like really crazy because it was like oh it's going to take you like half an hour. And usually when it says that I'm like oh it'll probably take like 15, 20 minutes, you know? But I opened it up and it's like surprise what's actually longer what you're doing is a time 30 minutes test of like you basically, you know when you see like a cube that's hollowed out and it's like just an image of a cube, it was like you're going to figure out from each time if it's if you're looking at it from above or from underneath and you click two buttons and it's going to switch super quick and you're gonna do that in three minute segments for 30 minutes and then we're
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: gonna do a therapy and I was like what's happening? And the weirdest part is that when I clicked it it automatically full screen my computer and the whole screen was black and it was like don't click escape you need to stay here. And I was like I'm not gonna get hacked. So I started doing it and it's like like it literally looked like like hacker text like it was all white on this black background and you had to type in information but you couldn't see when you click the space or anything, it was just like all blank So it starts going and it's just like chaos because it goes so fast. I just kept messing up, right? And then I could get like paranoid about messing up because it's a full 30 minutes, put them in the craziest part as I finished it. And they were like now we're going to ask you some questions. Some of these might seem weird, ignore the weirdness just to answer them. And it's like clearly greener questions for like schizophrenia that are like disguise a little bit. So it's like starting off with like, do you ever have days when you're like not like, you know, days in your sad, I'm like yeah, but like everyone does and then it just gets crazier to like, do you hear God, do you hear voices when you're alone? Do you get in? But I was like, what are you gonna do with this? Because I know, but like is there like simple if I messed up so much that it's going to be like schizophrenia, is that you know, it was just so bizarre. So I'm not doing that again.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I have never seen anything like that. If I see any 30 minutes surveys, I'm gonna skip them because I definitely don't want to experience that.
SPEAKER_L: That's no, I'm never doing it again. That was the biggest mistake. It was like at a certain point. It was like I wanted to stop after like 15 minutes but had been like, Okay, like I've wasted way too much time now. I have to keep going. Right. No. So if you ever see a survey about like sorting cute, just hard left. Do not do it. It's not a good time. It's
SPEAKER_R: Thanks for the
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: warning.
SPEAKER_L: morning of the week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I actually like the small surveys, the ones that are like three minutes or for its and
SPEAKER_L: No, those are because they're so simple, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I had one survey yesterday asked me one question, I forgot what the question was. It was just one question and I'm like what? That's it. You're going to get you gonna pay? We just answer one question.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I could. No, but I like the surveys and when I'm writing I keep prolific up just in case I see one pass by or whatever. But uh it's a good it's just change. How long have you been doing
SPEAKER_L: Only
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: month or two, maybe a little bit longer. One of my friends told me about it and I do the same thing when I'm editing essays, I just keep it open. So like if anything comes across, I'll click on it. How did you get, how did you get started on it?
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember. But I had it kept every now and then I would get an email about it. And then I apparently did a survey back in 2016 and I'm just like, what is prolific at this point? I'm like I can use the extra cash right now.
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: But um and so I went back on and did the filled out the questionnaire. I don't know what the questionnaire is about yourself and I just started doing it again maybe a five weeks ago. So. Yeah so far I think I made like £100 or
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: know, it's like it pays pretty well. It's nice and it's like if you spend time in the same boat where it's like, yeah, like it's nice to just like have some extra money if I need it. So good opportunity. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's been pretty decent. Yeah I liked it but I like the website uh I do swag bucks to and you can tell the difference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What's the what's the main difference?
SPEAKER_R: The surveys don't disqualify on here. They scream you before you take the survey here so you can actually do a complete survey without being Like on Swag bucks. You you could just take a survey and you'll be 15 minutes in and then it will be like you disqualified
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I hate that.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm more
SPEAKER_L: And they don't, they won't, they don't pay you for it?
SPEAKER_R: they don't pay
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: you for
SPEAKER_L: so bad.
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah. That's awful. I was like I didn't spend all this time and I literally I am interested in the surveys that I take. Like I don't rush through them because I'm I'm curious about what researching about but so when I do a survey I'm just like I really spend some time and thought into it and for it to disqualify after 15 minutes of you
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: awful. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Mm. I don't like that. Mm
SPEAKER_R: why sucks
SPEAKER_L: So what, what part of Minnesota are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Saint paul?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Got you. Yeah, my um my dad's originally from like way upstate Minnesota. Um So, but my, my mom's from Hawaii originally and she cannot tolerate the cold. So her policy has been like, we can visit his side of the family during the summer. And that's it. So I've been like, I've been to some, some parts of Minnesota, but not like extensively, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah avoid now avoid here until at least april or may. Yeah, it's gonna be from the
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: boat.
SPEAKER_L: you, have you been to Chicago before?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I've been there a couple of times
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What is the heavy, like what is the weather been like when you've been there?
SPEAKER_R: freezing cold. I had I went there one time I was trying to sign up for the biggest loser and if we were outside it was freezing cold and I haven't ever felt like just a difference like I'm from Milwaukee which is about like 90 minutes away from Chicago. And I I swear Chicago feels a lot colder. That would be at hockey is more small. I don't know, I don't understand it because it will be the same temperature, but Chicago just feels so much colder.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Because that, okay, that worries me. I'm applying to law schools right now and I'm applying to a couple in Chicago, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what? That's nice. My sister is a lawyer. What? Yeah, she was a prosecutor. Um, but she hated being a prosecutor that advanced we worked for then she worked for uh, I don't know if they call it a family lawyer, but child protective services. So she worked for the state, she couldn't handle that and she's just now she's trying to go into business law. What type of lawyer you're going into?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really interested in human rights law. That's kind of what I focused on when I was in college. But I don't know because it's going to depend on where I go. And if I get enough money to be able to be like, I want to do something for the good of people, you know, versus like I'm in $200,000 worth of debt. I don't know like I cannot afford that, you know like
SPEAKER_R: if you are taking out loans. Uh but your, this is from my understanding from what my sister told me and you're working for something like a nonprofit organization or something like that, you may still can qualify for loan forgiveness.
SPEAKER_L: mm No, that's what I and it depends on the school, how good their programs are. So you know, if, if you get into like one of the really like if you get into like Harvard or Yale, like you're gonna be fine because they have great loan forgiveness programs but other schools are like, we'll see when we see, you know?
SPEAKER_R: How didn't that something?
SPEAKER_L: It's like most of them have some kind of program but some of them are just not very good. Um So yeah, it'll really depend on who gives me money because I'm, I'm just now starting to find hear back from some schools, but some of them are giving me acceptances now and some of them are like, we don't even look at your file until january. So I know. So it's a huge, huge gap, but I'm, I'm
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: worried
SPEAKER_R: group,
SPEAKER_L: about the Chicago winter because I don't know if I can handle that.
SPEAKER_R: it's freezing girl, it's real cold and just get if you do get Chicago just get as much uh what I had to get. I had to get hand warmers and foot warmers uh just to be outside because it was so cold
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: because no matter how I think my boots were, the coat was still thinking past my my boots into my uh socks and I was
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: freezing my really freezing
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy. Hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I was standing outside for like four or 5 hours and you know
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's a, that's a different story. All right.
SPEAKER_R: it's not like rushing from one building to the next. So
SPEAKER_L: Where did your, where's your sister go to law school?
SPEAKER_R: Uh what is, I don't even know. I know she went to uh in Jacksonville but I don't know the name of the school that she went to because I don't forgot what the name maybe it was florida. Uh sure I know it somewhere back
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: in my
SPEAKER_L: florida
SPEAKER_R: head,
SPEAKER_L: coastal
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: maybe. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yes, that's me.
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it too, yeah, that's where she met, Yeah, she did really good, she passed her bar on the first time, but she really, really was studying at um she had got the shoes off for jobs to be a public defender, but she had to turn it down because she doesn't want to be a public defender, but she felt she found a job pretty quick after graduation, so, but that's because at um while she was in undergrad, she had some trial experience and
SPEAKER_L: as an underground,
SPEAKER_R: and under. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: so and everybody was impressed by that, so.
SPEAKER_L: that's super cool. Okay. Yeah, I have, like I said, I have no idea where I'm gonna end up yet, but I always, I love hearing the success stories right? Because it makes me feel more hopeful, but
SPEAKER_R: that would be good. Yeah, that's nice, a lawyer, a human rights lawyer, that's really good,
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: that's one thing that I could, but I'm more into fighting for human rights to especially mentally disabled and but I would go into something similar to uh jail reform or prison reform. Prison reform, yeah, something like that,
SPEAKER_L: 100%, yeah, that's, I'm also actually really interested in prison reform because our American justice system is just terrible prisons. And one of my um my junior year, I took a class that was like within a prison, so you go there to take classes and it was, it was super interesting and you take classes alongside some inmates basically. And it was, it was so eye opening to me because I hadn't realized how messed up things were before that point, right? And it was just like, okay, this is not not good, what got what, where, what got you interested in prison reform, but
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I just feel like there's people that are in in the system that shouldn't be in the system that that there could have been other avenues to circumvent other avenues which they could have taken to become more of a productive citizen. I know that people have to pay the times they do the crying, but sometimes the time is so much more longer and they stay, the longer they stay in, the less likelihood that will go out and the recidivism would be higher. So uh so I don't know, I don't know what really got me into it because I don't have any family members that has been in prison or anything like that, I just was always interested in prison re floor, that's a good why, why I got into that. But you know,
SPEAKER_L: Working.
SPEAKER_R: I always seem to care about social issues and when I do uh sometimes I feel like I don't care, but I do really care deeply about these issues.
SPEAKER_L: it's just hard, right? When you can't, when there's no clear pathway to fix it yourself, it's really like that's always my struggle, right? It's like, okay, like I care deeply about this, but it's not like with my own actions, I'm going to be able to, at this point in my life, do a whole lot. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's exactly exactly how I feel like all right, right now, I have a lot of things to do. I have to like I have a personal trainer coming in to help me with weight loss and uh I have a lot of other things to do with my broken bones and it's kind of hard for me to walk. Now. I'm just like there's a lot of things that I would like to do to help other people, but I'm not in a situation where I can help people. So I have to really figure out my own life situation before I do anything. Well,
SPEAKER_L: 100%. You gotta help yourself first, right? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did you time this? Are we
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: 25
SPEAKER_L: we just,
SPEAKER_R: minutes? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're good now. It's been super nice talking to you. I think. I don't think you give yourself enough credit, you're very comfortable to talk to. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you. Thanks. It's nice talking to you too.
SPEAKER_L: I have a good rest of your day
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: guys.