Hey, how you
doing?
Mm hmm. Sorry for keeping you waiting a bit.
Uh Some family came by. We had some conversations and just talk.
I'm in Minnesota.
And
yeah, so it's been snowing. It's it's not like today, but it has been snowing. So what's your name?
Chris
nice
room.
you
say you're like research court? What what are you doing? Like
what?
cool.
this is my first winter here. So
Wisconsin. But I moved here from florida. So and well, will be the first one that I had in the last three years.
I was in a car accident. So I moved here too. Kill my bones and be around family that can help me,
you know?
No.
say your name is or L. A. Like is it like all one name or
no.
At all.
cool. Okay.
So are you enjoying uh doing what you're doing as being a counselor?
Good.
All
I get you. I was like, can I I hate being a salesperson, especially something I can't stand for, you know, like I don't
I don't war against. Okay, so how long have you been doing that?
Station
Well, since the
car accident, I had to kind of um I work basically for myself, so I'm self employed. Um
There's been a shift because I I just graduated, I graduated in 2018 and uh my goal was to uh go into graduate school and do some psychology, but since the car accident, I have just been doing self employed work, so you make earrings
that go ahead uh sell oils, like all different types of oils and hearses. And then also I'm I'm kind of like becoming a writer, so I I self published a book and now I'm just trying to right to more, it's kind of difficult to get into the writing spirit sometimes, but that's what I've been doing.
mm Iran erotica but
it's a sci fi fantasy and different species that uh that has populated the world
and the hunters who hunt down the species and uh
to get captured for experimentation and one of the hunters is a female and she gets captured instead by one of the species and you know, erotica happened. But
I'm just breaking into it and starting to learn how it works.
But I actually I'm trying to branch away from the erotica now because I I write from erotica for a site but I'm more passionate about the actual storyline and I don't want to always build up to the erotica and that's what erotica is about. So I've been doing plotting more uh
storyline instead of instead of just plotting towards the erotic apart, but and God has a review. Yeah.
Internet.
Well I I started writing again probably in august and I completed a book in a month. Uh I've always been a writer and I've never had the opportunity to finish anything because I was always so busy working or in school, so our accident did give me the opportunity to that and Covid gave me the opportunity to spend time to just kind of focused on the writing and that's what
Is this your time doing this program?
Yeah, This is my 3rd 1, so it's kind of interesting. I
just
so far like
anyone
who have you met so far?
Yeah. Yeah, that's interesting. Like I've always wanted to learn sign language myself, I only know the alphabet and it's just a,
it is a unique community. They have their own, I can't say it's a click. There's something else about the community. Their
their their their their bonds are seeing a little bit stronger than uh you know, people who can actually communicate, you know with their voice, like they're bonding a little bit stronger
Well let's see Hammond, the first lady that I spoke with, she was like a researcher. Not know, she was a social media marketing lady and she would do prolific on the side and you know, she, where does she live? Yeah, I know she doesn't one of the Dakotas I think and uh you know, but we never get much to talk like in depth of what he does. And the other one was a college student and she's uh she was the researcher and she was going to school to be a child psychologist uh basically. And as she uh stays at home now, I think maybe the covid. Yeah. Yeah. But we don't really get into much of like what her research was about or anything like that. I don't I don't know. I'm kind of like a I talk I talk like in a way that don't bring out conversation and people.
Well that's that's good to hear. Yeah. But yeah. Oh no, these are interesting. I wonder what they're using it for.
Yeah. I know that when we took our, was it this one? It could have been uh to qualify for this. Like you have to read the eyes or something like that to see if there are emotional emotions. Was this that one?
I don't do much surveys on prolific. This is I mean, I don't I try I'm trying to do more surveys. This is it's hard to catch known. Yeah. Yeah.
This is
I get a lot of this one is really good as far because you don't have to yeah, you do have to answer questions but you really don't have to think about the question so much and you can just talk with people something like it.
All
Well, I have never seen anything like that. If I see any 30 minutes surveys, I'm gonna skip them because I definitely don't want to experience that.
Thanks for the
warning.
Yeah. I actually like the small surveys, the ones that are like three minutes or for its and
yeah, I had one survey yesterday asked me one question, I forgot what the question was. It was just one question and I'm like what? That's it. You're going to get you gonna pay? We just answer one question.
I could. No, but I like the surveys and when I'm writing I keep prolific up just in case I see one pass by or whatever. But uh it's a good it's just change. How long have you been doing
it?
Well,
I think,
I don't remember. But I had it kept every now and then I would get an email about it. And then I apparently did a survey back in 2016 and I'm just like, what is prolific at this point? I'm like I can use the extra cash right now.
But um and so I went back on and did the filled out the questionnaire. I don't know what the questionnaire is about yourself and I just started doing it again maybe a five weeks ago. So. Yeah so far I think I made like £100 or
something.
Yeah it's been pretty decent. Yeah I liked it but I like the website uh I do swag bucks to and you can tell the difference. Yeah.
The surveys don't disqualify on here. They scream you before you take the survey here so you can actually do a complete survey without being Like on Swag bucks. You you could just take a survey and you'll be 15 minutes in and then it will be like you disqualified
and I'm more
they don't pay
you for
it. Yeah. That's awful. I was like I didn't spend all this time and I literally I am interested in the surveys that I take. Like I don't rush through them because I'm I'm curious about what researching about but so when I do a survey I'm just like I really spend some time and thought into it and for it to disqualify after 15 minutes of you
know
that
So
why sucks
Saint paul?
Yeah avoid now avoid here until at least april or may. Yeah, it's gonna be from the
boat.
Yes, I've been there a couple of times
freezing cold. I had I went there one time I was trying to sign up for the biggest loser and if we were outside it was freezing cold and I haven't ever felt like just a difference like I'm from Milwaukee which is about like 90 minutes away from Chicago. And I I swear Chicago feels a lot colder. That would be at hockey is more small. I don't know, I don't understand it because it will be the same temperature, but Chicago just feels so much colder.
what? That's nice. My sister is a lawyer. What? Yeah, she was a prosecutor. Um, but she hated being a prosecutor that advanced we worked for then she worked for uh, I don't know if they call it a family lawyer, but child protective services. So she worked for the state, she couldn't handle that and she's just now she's trying to go into business law. What type of lawyer you're going into?
if you are taking out loans. Uh but your, this is from my understanding from what my sister told me and you're working for something like a nonprofit organization or something like that, you may still can qualify for loan forgiveness.
How didn't that something?
In
group,
it's freezing girl, it's real cold and just get if you do get Chicago just get as much uh what I had to get. I had to get hand warmers and foot warmers uh just to be outside because it was so cold
because no matter how I think my boots were, the coat was still thinking past my my boots into my uh socks and I was
freezing my really freezing
I guess I was standing outside for like four or 5 hours and you know
it's not like rushing from one building to the next. So
Uh what is, I don't even know. I know she went to uh in Jacksonville but I don't know the name of the school that she went to because I don't forgot what the name maybe it was florida. Uh sure I know it somewhere back
in my
head,
but
yes, that's me.
That's
it too, yeah, that's where she met, Yeah, she did really good, she passed her bar on the first time, but she really, really was studying at um she had got the shoes off for jobs to be a public defender, but she had to turn it down because she doesn't want to be a public defender, but she felt she found a job pretty quick after graduation, so, but that's because at um while she was in undergrad, she had some trial experience and
and under. Yeah,
so and everybody was impressed by that, so.
that would be good. Yeah, that's nice, a lawyer, a human rights lawyer, that's really good,
that's one thing that I could, but I'm more into fighting for human rights to especially mentally disabled and but I would go into something similar to uh jail reform or prison reform. Prison reform, yeah, something like that,
I don't know, I just feel like there's people that are in in the system that shouldn't be in the system that that there could have been other avenues to circumvent other avenues which they could have taken to become more of a productive citizen. I know that people have to pay the times they do the crying, but sometimes the time is so much more longer and they stay, the longer they stay in, the less likelihood that will go out and the recidivism would be higher. So uh so I don't know, I don't know what really got me into it because I don't have any family members that has been in prison or anything like that, I just was always interested in prison re floor, that's a good why, why I got into that. But you know,
I always seem to care about social issues and when I do uh sometimes I feel like I don't care, but I do really care deeply about these issues.
Yes, that's exactly exactly how I feel like all right, right now, I have a lot of things to do. I have to like I have a personal trainer coming in to help me with weight loss and uh I have a lot of other things to do with my broken bones and it's kind of hard for me to walk. Now. I'm just like there's a lot of things that I would like to do to help other people, but I'm not in a situation where I can help people. So I have to really figure out my own life situation before I do anything. Well,
Yeah. Did you time this? Are we
at
25
minutes? I don't know.
you. Thanks. It's nice talking to you too.
You