Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh Mhm mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Hey, how's it going?
I'm
pretty solid. Yeah. What do you?
yeah, I'm good. What have you been up to today?
Are you where you were you located? I'm up in Portland Oregon right now and it's been like very dreary weather and I've not been having it because it was so nice out yesterday.
I
got you. Okay.
I'm laurel Yeah, how about you,
chris Hi, nice to meet you. Uh Yeah,
I worked,
I worked for this organization, we do like college access coaching basically and it's actually headquartered in Minnesota. So hearing about the weather differences has been crazy to me because you know in Portland, like for me cool, I'm actually originally from Hawaii, so cold for me is like anything under 60 but
like
I'm
a college counselor basically. Yeah,
but anything that's under 30 to me is just insane. So hearing people from Minnesota talk about the weather there is it's crazy right?
Oh got you, were you originally from?
Mhm. That's no that's that makes total sense. What brought you, what brought you up from florida? That's a big move.
no
totally makes sense. Yeah, I'm
sorry to hear that though, that's gonna be that's gonna be a really rough experience, right?
Yeah well 11 name, so I'm originally from Hawaii and we have a do you have you heard of like the Hawaiian lei before?
It's like a flower, basically like a flower necklace that will, it's like a thing that you get sometimes if you um like for celebrations and stuff and in Hawaii you usually give them away for like graduations and things. So we have
my grandparents have a lay farm where they grow up on show flowers um and make them, That's where the last part came from. Uh huh.
Mm
I like it. I think it's, um, I worked for AmeriCorps, which is basically like a service organization, which means I make very little money. Um, but I really like the work itself because I think it's a good way of, we basically help lower income, but high achieving students try to get into good colleges. Um,
and it's, it's super. I really like it because I, um, when I was at school, I went to the University of Oregon and I gave tours. Um, and I would talk to, they did a lot of the multicultural recruiting events and that sort of thing. But I always felt weird about doing that for out of state students and stuff because I'm like, you know, you're probably not going to be able to afford to come here, right. You're going to have to take out a tunnel loans because it's an out
of state and I never really like doing that. So this is just for me, it's a cool way of actually being able to be like, okay, here's the genuine good fit for you, not like having to sell, sell them on stuff, you know? Mhm.
No,
Pretty recent. I started in august um I just graduated this past, yeah, I graduated this past year. So this year. Earlier this year,
thank you. Yeah, but it's been really good so far right now is the crazy season, right? Because everyone's applying everywhere and I do a lot of essay editing. So I just have like a billion college essays in my brain at any given time. Mm But what do you um do you do? Is there anything that you do normally? Mm
It's
And
Oh, that's
I have so much admiration for people who can write like that. I, I have such a hard time writing and for any classes, So that's, that's super cool. What was the book about?
It sounds right.
And
Uh huh.
That's not, no, but actually that sounds super cool. Like, like I'm sure there's a big market for that, right? For just like general like sci fi erotica. Mhm.
No.
or
No, that's super interesting. I'm like, I know that I would have, I mean cause it's like, I feel like a lot of people like write it off right is not like as legitimate, but like it takes. So I can't imagine like being able to write an entire, like even not even a whole book for me, it's just like 10 pages of like actual like because you better like accelerate the plot right, and you've got to like make people care about your characters, which is so
hard to do. So I I think that's super cool. That's really interesting. When did you, when you get started with that or with right creative writing in general?
that's super cool. All right. I like it were,
I've done a couple calls before, how about you?
I think
it's really actually really like it because you get to meet such a wide variety of people, you know, it's really,
wait,
what was that?
One of the most interesting person I think was this this woman who she like is a substitute english teacher and also does like a little bit of english tutoring, that sort of stuff. um but she is deeply involved in the deaf community and so we just had this whole conversation about how um evidently Rochester new york is the scent like the global capital of Um just like the most per capita deaf people and that she was living there doing like a lot of research and community stuff and it was just like so interesting, it, you know, a whole like probably 20 minutes just about like living in that space and like basically, you know what deaf culture is like and stuff and it was so unique, right? Because it's like, I've never, I've never spoken to someone who could just like go off about it like that. Mhm.
this is
It's
no, it's, yeah, and it was really interesting because I'm a type one diabetic, so it's also like a different kind of disability, but there's nothing like that in the diabetic community, you know? Like I mean it's like you can like I can talk to other type ones, but like it doesn't, there's not like the instinct click that I've heard happens a lot. Yeah, it was definitely was interesting. How about you? Are some people you've met?
I think, I think you're fine. I think you're very comfortable to talk to, you know. Mm,
It's exactly, no, I'm I'm really curious about what they're, what they're gonna do, you know? Because I am just literally no idea.
This might, I think it probably was because I think I did the same the same thing, but I also can I like I really lose track of what's going on sometimes, like, which is tied to what so
but especially
and like if you're if you're home and you're on the computer, it's way easier than if you were just like, you know, checking like once a day or something, Right? Mhm.
I did this crazy. I normally I don't do the like longer surveys but yesterday I it was like the most unhinged survey I've ever seen. Just like really crazy because it was like oh it's going to take you like half an hour. And usually when it says that I'm like oh it'll probably take like 15, 20 minutes, you know? But I opened it up and it's like surprise what's actually longer what you're doing is a time 30 minutes test of like you basically, you know when you see like a cube that's hollowed out and it's like just an image of a cube, it was like you're going to figure out from each time if it's if you're looking at it from above or from underneath and you click two buttons and it's going to switch super quick and you're gonna do that in three minute segments for 30 minutes and then we're
gonna do a therapy and I was like what's happening? And the weirdest part is that when I clicked it it automatically full screen my computer and the whole screen was black and it was like don't click escape you need to stay here. And I was like I'm not gonna get hacked. So I started doing it and it's like like it literally looked like like hacker text like it was all white on this black background and you had to type in information but you couldn't see when you click the space or anything, it was just like all blank So it starts going and it's just like chaos because it goes so fast. I just kept messing up, right? And then I could get like paranoid about messing up because it's a full 30 minutes, put them in the craziest part as I finished it. And they were like now we're going to ask you some questions. Some of these might seem weird, ignore the weirdness just to answer them. And it's like clearly greener questions for like schizophrenia that are like disguise a little bit. So it's like starting off with like, do you ever have days when you're like not like, you know, days in your sad, I'm like yeah, but like everyone does and then it just gets crazier to like, do you hear God, do you hear voices when you're alone? Do you get in? But I was like, what are you gonna do with this? Because I know, but like is there like simple if I messed up so much that it's going to be like schizophrenia, is that you know, it was just so bizarre. So I'm not doing that again.
That's no, I'm never doing it again. That was the biggest mistake. It was like at a certain point. It was like I wanted to stop after like 15 minutes but had been like, Okay, like I've wasted way too much time now. I have to keep going. Right. No. So if you ever see a survey about like sorting cute, just hard left. Do not do it. It's not a good time. It's
the
morning of the week.
No, those are because they're so simple, right?
like
Only
for
like
month or two, maybe a little bit longer. One of my friends told me about it and I do the same thing when I'm editing essays, I just keep it open. So like if anything comes across, I'll click on it. How did you get, how did you get started on it?
mm
You
know, it's like it pays pretty well. It's nice and it's like if you spend time in the same boat where it's like, yeah, like it's nice to just like have some extra money if I need it. So good opportunity. Okay.
What's the what's the main difference?
Oh, I hate that.
And they don't, they won't, they don't pay you for it?
That's
so bad.
No,
that's
awful. Mm.
Mm. I don't like that. Mm
So what, what part of Minnesota are you in?
Okay. Got you. Yeah, my um my dad's originally from like way upstate Minnesota. Um So, but my, my mom's from Hawaii originally and she cannot tolerate the cold. So her policy has been like, we can visit his side of the family during the summer. And that's it. So I've been like, I've been to some, some parts of Minnesota, but not like extensively, you know? Yeah.
Have
you, have you been to Chicago before?
Okay. What is the heavy, like what is the weather been like when you've been there?
Mm. Because that, okay, that worries me. I'm applying to law schools right now and I'm applying to a couple in Chicago, but yeah.
I'm really interested in human rights law. That's kind of what I focused on when I was in college. But I don't know because it's going to depend on where I go. And if I get enough money to be able to be like, I want to do something for the good of people, you know, versus like I'm in $200,000 worth of debt. I don't know like I cannot afford that, you know like
mm No, that's what I and it depends on the school, how good their programs are. So you know, if, if you get into like one of the really like if you get into like Harvard or Yale, like you're gonna be fine because they have great loan forgiveness programs but other schools are like, we'll see when we see, you know?
It's like most of them have some kind of program but some of them are just not very good. Um So yeah, it'll really depend on who gives me money because I'm, I'm just now starting to find hear back from some schools, but some of them are giving me acceptances now and some of them are like, we don't even look at your file until january. So I know. So it's a huge, huge gap, but I'm, I'm
worried
about the Chicago winter because I don't know if I can handle that.
Look
it.
that's crazy. Hmm.
Okay. That's a, that's a different story. All right.
Where did your, where's your sister go to law school?
In
florida
coastal
maybe. Okay.
Got
you. Yeah.
as an underground,
Okay.
that's super cool. Okay. Yeah, I have, like I said, I have no idea where I'm gonna end up yet, but I always, I love hearing the success stories right? Because it makes me feel more hopeful, but
Hopefully.
100%, yeah, that's, I'm also actually really interested in prison reform because our American justice system is just terrible prisons. And one of my um my junior year, I took a class that was like within a prison, so you go there to take classes and it was, it was super interesting and you take classes alongside some inmates basically. And it was, it was so eye opening to me because I hadn't realized how messed up things were before that point, right? And it was just like, okay, this is not not good, what got what, where, what got you interested in prison reform, but
Working.
it's just hard, right? When you can't, when there's no clear pathway to fix it yourself, it's really like that's always my struggle, right? It's like, okay, like I care deeply about this, but it's not like with my own actions, I'm going to be able to, at this point in my life, do a whole lot. Yeah.
100%. You gotta help yourself first, right? Mhm.
I
think
we just,
I think we're good now. It's been super nice talking to you. I think. I don't think you give yourself enough credit, you're very comfortable to talk to. Mhm.
I have a good rest of your day
guys.