Hello?
Good, how are you? Mhm.
Um Mhm.
They are stickers actually
yeah. Um Because I'm in a college dorm right now so I can't exactly do anything to the walls but stickers make it a little less white
war. Yeah.
Um
So
I'm Sofia by the way. Nice to
meet you
corn.
I am a
junior studying cognitive science like brain and stuff.
Yeah. Yeah it's very interesting. Oh what about you? What do you do?
One of my roommates is a is a physicist.
She's
having a fun time.
Um What?
I think you have like one or two others but yeah not not many.
Yeah so
yeah.
pretty good. Um I'm
working on like I'm fairly sure my focus is going to be on like linguistics, like how the brain interprets language so it's
for me.
I don't know
what we're but
build
a wall. Yeah that's
Um The I'm
taking I'm participating in like a like a research lab right now and the lab's main focus is like how music works with the brain.
So it's really cool area. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh wow. Um Where do you live?
I'm going to school in uh northern New york so it is cold right now.
I'm from New Jersey so it's
I mean it's not like I some of my friends are like from New Mexico and and from like California so like I've seen snow before like not northern new york snow.
There is yeah
there's a lot I mean it's not started really snowing yet but it started getting like we're going to get there soon cold so.
it like in the worst
of winter will get down to like it doesn't get normally got far below zero. It's normally the winds that makes it a bit quite bad, but we're on like, like the, the Great Lakes, so there's a lot of like water in the air so
that train leaves to a lot of snow. Mhm.
Not, yeah, not fun.
Not fun for anyone. Like not even the people
who are from here are like, I love it. It's more like I'm used to it. So
yeah, that we're not there yet. We're holding off. Hopefully we'll, we'll see how long um Oh
yeah,
right. So
um what
about uh who do you live with? Who is your family?
wearing it was staying.
I've been considering it. I
don't quite know where, what I'm going to end up doing. Yes. That's like the number one question is, what's, what, what are we going to keep doing? But yeah,
um not particularly in my field, I've talked to a couple of people in
like um related to like the labs that I'm working in in what they're doing, but not really uh
much about like specifically
what,
No, not much. You do. You have any
tips?
Yeah.
huh
I can't even, I can't even imagine.
yeah,
yeah,
that's, I can definitely see being number one priority here. Yeah.
Mhm. That's
That that's makes a lot of sense. Yeah.
So
the decision wisely, it's gonna have consequences, but yeah, yeah, that makes, that makes all this nice thank you.
yeah, we're gonna, I do, I do not envy all of like last year's seniors in every shit hitting the fan and then, yeah,
then having to just be graduated and be like, oh, okay, what do I do now? No man. Uh huh. And
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think that's just a problem for everyone, like across the board is the guaranteed job part who? Yeah.
Um
Well what would you be um
looking to do though with, what were you looking to do with the physics? Mhm.
That's that's entirely fair, that's entirely fair. Uh
I know my roommate at least is um she's really interested in like astrophysics and that's where she is constantly like in the astronomy
club and like talking about the stars and stuff and I'm just like, well that's really interesting, it kind of goes a little bit over my head book.
there's a there's a lot there. Yeah, give me, give me the teeny tiny neurons in your brain any day over the complicated math and physics.
it's a lot. Mhm.
I'm not super sure I know that the brain is really cool, it's kind of what I'm going off of right now, the brain is really cool. Um And I like learning more about what
the brain does, I don't know what I'm gonna do with all of my knowledge about what the brain does, but it's cool. Yeah.
Yeah. If I could just just ask people like questions and learn about things just for the rest of my life without having to be like and then I have to apply this knowledge in some way that will make money. What's that about? Like, I don't know why do I need to do that? Yeah.
Yeah.
First.
Yeah, got to got to find something to do. Yeah.
Yeah that's probably gonna be
my my main goal for like the next year and a half is to be like so and now what? Mhm,
mm.
Yeah. I mean, I don't think, I don't think even if I find some sort of answer, I'm really going to know what I'm doing anyway. So
and uh
Mhm. Gonna gonna be having a lot of sitting down and scroll into websites
or
something, I don't know. We'll see, we'll see, you can see if anything clicks. Yeah.
Hi. Mhm.
Yeah. I'm so envious. I, my my other roommate at the physicist one has such a clear cut. Um she's an epidemiology major, which no one really knew what it was before the pandemic, but now she's just like, and I'm going to go and work in this specific department of this like organization and I know exactly what I'm just like, oh man, I
wish. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. No, she's, she's got like her whole like I don't even know how many year plan just like already like
lined up and I wish you all the luck with following it. Um But but yeah that's that's at least one thing about the comment she keeps making is just like well not that I want to the pandemic to happen, but at least people know what my major is now. These people
would always like what's that the study of? So
Everyone just like I I know what that word means like suddenly in demand but yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I mean it's it's been actually really good for
me
and like the rest of our
friends
because
everything started going crazy in March and then we just like looked at her and was just like so what do we do? And I'm not particularly sure she appreciated the attention. but it was at least, I mean like very early on in March, everyone was just like, wait, what's going on? Like do we wear masks? Do we not wear masks? What? Like everything so uncertain? And we had like a person that we trusted that we could be like tell me what to do and we were able to get like a straightforward answer and it that helps our friend group quite a lot. So
I count myself lucky in that aspect at least um with my roommates.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's been confusing, confusing times. Yeah.
most of my classes are still like online classes, but I we are physically on campus. I have out of like the five classes
and taking
the semester one of them is in person, but we still get to be on campus in doing like, I don't know, some sort of student life events. I'm mostly elected to come on campus
because
I really
wanted to be
living with my roommates again
versus staying at home in New Jersey all year long again. So I think that's why a lot of people made their decisions, but
I mean once you move in, like I've moved in with my two roommates, like we're now essentially a family unit for all intents and purposes with the quarantining and such were like we're
our own unit so
we can socialize as much as we want with each other and go and do things and then be safe outside of that arm. So Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's fingers crossed, but it's working out so far.
what about you? How are you guys doing?
And it and I don't know much about Maryland, so.
Yeah.
Yeah,
that makes sense, yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah that's that's always the thing of like wanting everyone around you
to be
doing it kind of thing. Yeah,
a lot less on like the college campus, like I mean the university itself is being very like We're doing I think like something like 60 random people get chosen a day to get a test or something
like it's like they're being on top of trying to make sure things aren't spreading, so definitely on campus and like any of the places around campus, like masks are completely like I step outside of my door in my apartment building and I need to have a mask on so they're being very expect, which is good, it's worked out very well, so I'm pleased that that's what they've been doing.
No.
Um
I think it's been it's been good.
from, no it's fine happens to me all the time. You don't even know like just kind of in
one ear out the other
and I was just like wait what's this happen? Yeah all the
time
this semester especially I'm taking all my classes from my bed and that's not particularly productive too staying away through them, especially the nine a.m. Classes where you like, you roll over, you open your laptop, you're still in bed and then you can't get back out. I've been I've been better about it as the semester has gone on. But especially at the beginning of the semester it was just kind of like oh maybe I need to try to change this. Mhm. Right. Uh huh.
Um
I
think that's one of the weirdest things about online classes is not sitting in a lecture hall, like with a note pad, you can just like take it outside, you'll be under a tree or sit in your bed or like anywhere in the library. Thank you.
No, that was
Yeah. Oh definitely. I have like there's a very specific corner
in like the back part of the library, but if I can go there and like actually get a seat and just sit down, I'll actually
like get so much work done all at once and then
in
any other place I might be able to cobble together somewhere, but it's not gonna be nearly is focused as Being in one specific point.
I don't know what it is about. I guess it's it's probably a brain thing of like this place in pearls focus everywhere on Sequels. Daydreaming.
Yeah, it's just like an environment that you used to. I don't know.
That's
it's a kitchen. I'm going to start getting hungry
because I'm in the kitchen kind of thing. Like it's, it's weird how much it very much lines up. So where you are and what you're doing.
we're in a um it's like a mini apartment. We each have our own bedrooms and then there's like a kitchen and and bathroom, center area. So it's really nice right now because we're the only dorm on campus that still has its kitchens because each apartment has a kitchen versus a community like floor kitchen, which is everywhere else. So Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, we're, it's, and I like both of my roommates and we cook a lot,
which is good. Also avoiding going on campus kind of thing. But it's worked out very well, so. Yeah.
Mhm. Uh
huh.
Let me go check the there's a lot to do. I think we've, yeah, I think it's been 26 or something minutes. So
I mean it was nice talking with you, but I have submit mint to study for probably. Mm. Mm.
Well, you too. It was nice meeting you.
Thank you. Thank you so much for the, for the advice about grad school. Um I hope you have a good night.