Hello. Have you been waiting long?
yeah, I just got in, Yeah,
I'm not good. Yourself?
Yeah, I know where you look at it.
I'm in texas in the Dallas area. Yeah,
I'm Jeff by the way.
All right, nice to meet you brian.
This is actually my seventh time. Uh
they when they first started doing this, it was like you could do it up to two times and then you can do it four times and six and then they added, you can do it the seventh time. It was supposed to do one yesterday and the person and show up.
I think you will because you're on for 25 minutes and if y'all attempted to talk, I don't think the audio video, I think the only reason you don't get paid if I think it's if you don't do it for the 25 minutes because I did do that the first time I ever did this. But she was like january, like her feet cut out and so we couldn't talk anymore. So I only got partial payment for that I think if you stayed on and I've had an audio video lag. It wasn't that bad, but it was a couple of times before, but we got through it.
Well, I mean, yeah, this is my seventh time doing it. There was a point, I think it was it was a couple of months back, maybe three months or I was like a no show like four times in a room. I had to keep rescheduling rescheduling. I was about to give up on. It was like uh so I've been lucky these last two or 3 times. Like there was one idea of back to back dates. Uh there was a no show yesterday and then luckily you were here, I waited for about 5, 10 minutes and I just I think you're supposed to wait at least five. Uh You anytime you wait after that you're not going to compensate it, so you compensate like a dollar 50. Uh Yeah if you if you show up and they weren't there you get like a dollar 50 that was about 10% what you have.
What?
they've been pretty like you said it was how they set it up. It's like a bonus, like The bonus payment is what we're going to pay for now, so it won't be like a pin, like when we're done with this, it won't be pending 15 or however like 1516 bucks, it won't be in your little pending up there because it's kind of like a bonus payment, they just keep paying it out so they're usually good about. Um and the next day or so, I don't know if the weekends have anything to do with it, but yeah, It usually goes up about $15 there pretty quick. Hopefully hopefully get paid for. I think you will, like, the audio video shouldn't be stayed on 25 minutes. That's usually Oh, their requirement,
Yeah. So maybe maybe you only get partial payment. You can actually mess. I've had the message, that guy's name's Andrew who kind of runs all this. He's pretty good at responding to you directly. If you had actually, no question about that. Yeah. If you didn't get those regular, you know, you go through the whole spill of the 20 minutes, usually about 20 minutes worth of collections. So if you didn't get those and then maybe it didn't count.
Yeah. I mean because that's what I was thinking when I when I had the notion for five times in a row, I was like well I'm getting paid a dollar 50 sit here for a couple of minutes and it doesn't count against you. So you just keep I've racked up like four of those before I finally got a couple of people to show up. So you just kind of rack those up because okay pain as long as uh As long as you show up and they have a record of it, then $8.15 just keep going. I have a feeling like they keep up under these because it went like I said one from two now you can participate four times and six times now seven like they're going to keep up in it uh curious what they're doing with the data, another
recording is I guess and they're just seeing the flow of the conversation. Um But they must like it enough for getting enough data to work because they keep repeats don't matter for them because you're always going to be paired with somebody different. It would be very rare that you would get paired with the same person or somebody, you know because I think that is one of the questions they ask you, have you ever seen this person before? But that would be very rare and I guess it could happen if you have met somewhere at some point.
so yeah,
yeah it's like better up labs is the people who run it. I don't know because they I always get the email and the little prolific email with the red dot and they're running these studies again and now you can participate If you already did it, you're six time now you can do it seven for the first time I ever did was January. So this has been like a 11th month, 11 months running study. And I'm not sure if it ran anytime before then, because I really only started using prolific. I think very end of last year, very first of this year. I'm not sure how long this studio has been running, but like you said, yeah, they have to have some type of funding to research all this because I'm just still wondering exactly what they're looking for in these because they're storing all this video and what they're looking for specifically. I don't think they well uh venture into why they're doing it in terms of like some of the questions in the beginning, apart when I did the 1st and 2nd time, they're a little different now. They do ask the question and if you did it recently, like what do you want to exchange numbers with this person? Um Obviously there even if you pick, yes they're not going to divulge it, but it's just a question they ask.
Well
I think there was some, I can't remember when you sign up for the study, like I can't because I don't really have been filled out the consent form lately because I've already, I know there is one um I think when I very first signed up for this my very first time um but it is a consent form but I'm not sure they tell you a debriefing of what they use this information for some of the studies you do, you know the normal studies they have a debriefing of this is what exactly what we're looking for and this and that. It would be curious to see what they're, I'm going to guess it's just the natural flow of conversation and how a conversation evolves what to people who don't know each other at all. I'm gonna guess that's what they're looking for in terms of what they're actually using that information for. I have no idea. Yeah.
Like you said, they have to have a lot of fun because they're paying both of us. It turned 15 16 bucks apiece. Who knows how many people have signed up for these And then this is my seventh time doing it. However many other people doing seven times six, sometimes a piece. I got a, I'm not sure if the university is funding this because it comes from better labs. That's the company that's doing these. It's not, I don't think it's a university. So they could have, maybe, it's not a university doing a lot of the, like you said of studies we do are university based and it'll tell you Minnesota Northwestern hard. All these universities that are doing.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I've seen them all over the place and I can't remember how because I think prolific is a european company because of how they pay off in pounds or whatever, the GDP or whatever. But a lot of the studies are american based universities. I guess prolific is just, uh, I'm not sure exactly what they're just host company for all these companies to, I'm not sure exactly what prolific actually is, but you know, all the university is doing the studies, I
guess they're just allowing the interface to first answer the questions. But I've liked this site because I used to do surveys and probably started doing like four or five years ago and the ones you do where you answer all these questions, they can screen you out almost at
any time payoffs. Very low. With prolific. They're pretty much pulling from all your demographics anyways. Like it's like extensive demographic form you have. And if you receive a study, you know when you click on any time because they do go value pretty quickly, they fill up quickly. If you're not able to click on them in time. But if you get a study pretty much going to be able to finish it, they're not going to scream you out unless you didn't feel like your demographics, right? And now you're answering it differently
basically
on uh huh.
Yeah. Actually had, I don't know if you've ever filled one. I've made it a point where I've never filled one. Except there was one guy that research or email me and like you felt this, it was a very obscure attention check and he was able to, instead of having, you know, a mark against me that I had to, he would just allow me to return it to him and he can put it back out for someone else to do instead of him declining it. It wasn't a big deal. Like if you miss one, like if you start having a lot of them declined for attention checks, maybe your account could be suspended I guess. I'm not sure. But I'm only had returned.
Yeah. And if you read their F. A. Q. S, they go into attention checks that you can actually uh fight against. Because they actually list. There are some because prolific. Obviously the researchers are, I don't know what they have to get their studies approved. I don't know, prolific reefs through them all. But I have known people who have fought against the attention checks and a female prolific and because some of them, there's certain stuff they can't really do, they can't be, they try to hide behind certain stuff like they can't make them too obscure. Um There's certain things you can do. Like a lot of the ones that you have like 20 bubbles in a role, I can guarantee you there'll be some, if you're paying attention to this, press this. But I've had studies where there's a whole entire page, you know, going through this whole spiel of blah blah blah blah blah and then like the last sentence. But if you're paying attention to this, disregard everything that's been said and and then do this. And then, so there's different ways they try to get you on that Because I know especially, and there's also others. Uh so if there's like 10 bubbles, there are certain bubbles that are like I've had a great day at work and then there'll be a bubble that has like I've had a horrible day or just for an example. So if you answer them, like both of them the same answer, they know you probably were just scribbling down bubbles, they try to make two bubbles the exact opposite. So if you're paying attention you should uh answer on the opposite end of the spectrum of the bubbles. I've noticed they do that type of stuff. Just kind of if you say I've had a great day at work, I agree completely, I've had a horrible day at work. I agree completely with those answers kind of contradict. So they know you're just kind of bowling and stuff and
carol.
Yeah
and I mean because there are certain people will have arguments about the attention checks even um are they like certain things or they even valid because some of them are very obscure. And another thing they do is they'll have you read all this stuff um my pages of this and then I ask you questions and I have had where I didn't answer the question correctly. Um It wasn't a mark against me. I just couldn't continue on with the test and I had to return it to the to the people because they have all this information and you're there was one that was very hard. It was a financial one. Um and you're supposed to answer these questions, you have one chance to get them right and if you don't get them right, you can't continue on with the test. And so they have attend some sex like that where you need to be paid attention to what you've read previously. You may have to answer a question of something you see in five minutes ago, Like certainly stuff like that. I don't know if I agree with some of the the answer. They have some very um vague questions about what you've read.
And and see there's certain people have an issue with that. Like the debriefing, like some of these debriefing forms are, I mean it's a whole, it's almost in terms of like legal jargon. It's so uh what and certain people, you know? Yeah. Most people aren't going to read consent forms. Um It's almost like the user agreements when you're on the internet, nobody reads that stuff. I kind of skimmed through it and see what they're looking for. But if they're going to ask something, like in the middle of the debriefing form, what they're what the study that I like. That stuff is kind of I'm not really a fan of those because they have to know that most people aren't going to read it word for word, it's just put in there for the cover their own self. Um in case you had an issue with something um something they're gonna do with this information. But to answer I've seen those out there and they're asking right away like so what's this gonna be about or what are we looking for here? Um So uh
gosh.
I've seen political um Like I've been doing surveys really since the pandemic started. They have these ongoing surveys. There was one that you get I think for like you do three a week for X amount of weeks like two months. You've had these surveys um That like there was one I did one a week for I want to say like 2025 weeks. But they've had a lot of those since the pandemic started these ongoing surveys that last X. Amount of weeks. Uh
Sir. I have not versus so many of them.
No I mean that's good. Just so you just put your junk mail in like an open or you have to open up your junk mail and slide
that seems like I mean do you have to pay for the shipping of it?
burke.
All
Shock.
Great.
I'm sorry say I may have to go see it or do you think they're still accepting people you know or is it
Yeah. I mean that's pretty like you're not having to do a whole lot and they're pretty much doing it for you just kind of slide it in, you have to take a trip to the post office once a month or whatever.
Is there is there like a you have to have a certain amount of junk mail or do they have any type of requirements that you need? X. Amount?
Are you saying your melon it back weekly or monthly? Oh weekly. Okay.
Okay. There is I mean most of time for me it's pretty much There's stuff sent to me. Oh you you you approved for 40,000 of this loan. You got your credit is your bank sending you does that's the main stuff I get. Really.
Oh yeah. Oh Uh you said you've been doing that for 10 years like the whole time you've been on it? Yeah.
See there you go.
That's
that's
I've been seeing the because my girlfriend was like, do you want to get a PS five? And I'm like, we have a PS four and we don't play a whole lot of games. I'm like exactly, how different are you gonna use uh your PS five vs PS four? Because I haven't really looked into, that's what we would get would be the PS five. And I'm guessing I'm seeing the same stuff you're talking about with the PS five. I people like somebody was supposed to get it today and then they're like, oh, it's not going to sit for another two or three weeks. Remember maybe walmart or Target or whoever they pre ordered from. But I'm they always do this. Remember the PS two, that's the last system that came out in 2000 where I bought it the day it came out, I was like 16 years old and you had to wait outside of the best buy, They get a ticket just to be able to buy it. But they always do this. It seems like they always released this uh, finite amount is X amount to kind of hype it up. Make it seem like it's so in demand is in demand because there's just so little of it and everybody wants one and all the new spray, you can't find it anywhere. And I'm like, there definitely will have them by, I mean christmas time is where they want to make their money. They always release them around this time of year. It seems like,
that would almost be something I don't know if you can do it. You can be like, I don't know if you can specify, don't deliver during the time of this time. I'm not sure if you can do stuff like that. If you can put it on hold for a week or not.
All
Right. And I would almost call them beforehand and let them know, hey, I'm gonna be out of town. Don't ship it because once it's out, it's almost hard for them to, they have to act really quickly because most of them, I mean now it's, they have their own shipping now almost. I mean, I hardly see anything come through Fedex and ups when I wear it always either somebody's car or the amazon trucks they have for the Soul.
I
think that, I mean they'll probably, I mean their customer service is usually pretty good. I've ever had an issue. I've never had to do that. Something like that. Or like don't deliver during this date. But I'm sure people have because of, like you said they're going to be out of town for X. Amount of days. Um They either don't have any type of now. They do have those amazon dropbox is uh Again, I actually I think my girlfriend's used those ones where they were like up the street because she wasn't gonna be home. She says an apartment. She just don't wanna left at the front door. Uh
All
right. Hopefully. I can't believe like thanksgiving is already like my girlfriend's like it's only two weeks away and I was like, it's already midway through november now.
It's
time
chef.
Yeah. I went slow for me. A lot of these surveys. I did as I have time went slow freedoms. I remember when the pandemic started first part of the first or middle part of March. Now we're already here in november. Uh Yeah, it's fast for me. Uh
Yeah. Hopefully we'll see. We're like, we're at the 20 actually went two minutes over 27 minutes. You're
very good there. Yeah,
Yeah. No problem. Thanks for being here.