Yeah good. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah
No no I just got in a second ago yourself
How are you doing?
Doing well? Doing well, can't complain. It's great.
I'm actually in florida. What about yourself?
Okay
I'm brian
nice to meet you. So how many times have you been doing this so far?
wow.
See I did one, this would technically be my six. I did one yesterday um The only thing it was the worst chat because of the video feed and it was a huge audio delay by like five minutes. It was but we stayed home for 25 minutes but I answered the question you know it was horrible delay so I don't know if I'm going to be compensated fully because of that.
I mean this is just like the other checks, the quality and the feet so far has been great but yesterday the worst.
Yeah because this is technically my third but like I said yesterday was my second. So um I guess
they're usually been like real quick on the payments, like Tuesday, I got paid, you know, Wednesday? But the other times it's like it was just like a few hours and I was like from Mhm.
See that's the thing we did stay on for 25 minutes yesterday. But the thing is, is that I selected the questions that the audio video, so it didn't give me the regular questions as it does. Typace it cut it like a real short, so
well, it's a fun, let's learn from moving forward. You know why Fucked it up at $4.50, well, it's still payment some way somehow.
And
I'm real curious because just the amount of time since you said this is your seventh time, like,
this is most of them like university research from like where do they get the grants or funds to do all this now?
Well, I'm
curious. Well, since they're using, you know, our audio video, I'm not sure we signed a waiver basically showing the publication. If they're putting in the research or something like that. I guess I should have read the fine line. I mean, it doesn't matter to me. It's not like I'm high face or anything. True.
It's real here. Like the flow of it. I think it's the main part of it, the the ebbs and flows of just two random strangers doing this, walking in, getting paid for this. So it's not like person off the street or whatnot. Yeah.
There's a lot of the universe reason. Like I think I've seen a couple of dunk like Australia, a good chunk for it, the UK and a couple for like, I guess Sweden or something like that.
What?
Two?
People
100.
of it does the attention trackers as well too.
I've had a couple of those or they actually wrote me, I was like, well you failed this attention check. You know, you're not going to be compensated. You know, a couple of times. I've been guilty of it just because yeah, the obscure questions, I'm like, what the hell is this? You know, like it makes no sense. I don't even know the answers to this or something like that, so I am guilty. You know, it did mark me, but so far, I mean knock on wood, I've been good so far. Mhm.
have seen quite a bit of those questions where you said it has a statement here and that the last senses like to make sure you're still reading
nothing or select an obscure answer to make sure intention.
Yeah.
I have seen a couple surveys recently. I think one this morning would actually ask you a question in the very beginning of the surveys like this survey. That's the one where you like read this like whole like the briefing before you go in and then the next page it shows one small statement. I've been guilty a couple of times. I just click through it and then it's like what are we asking for you to do this service Like crap that's that you know flip through.
I think
well they've been like quite a busy today for me with the surveys. Um I've done at least probably 5 to £6 worth of surveys along like a lot of those are of course with the political assignment we're in, you know prosecution. Uh I guess you really want to capture our mind our thoughts of it right now, which is smart as well, too sensitive fresh. Um But I'm like holy crap like one political another political, you know, serving in this political, who did you vote for? Where your political leanings of this? I was like, wow, you really want?
you say that because not with prolific, but it's funny you said earlier, the other surveys you've done previously where they screen you out you another one, I'm not sure if you heard of survey savvy before.
Yeah. Oh yeah this point I've been using at least 10 years, but this one it does suck. It does screen you out quite a bit. Those are the type of questions you've got like 10 minutes worth and I'm like oh you're unfortunate. But they have this one study here, I've been doing it, I kid you not for about 10 years now. They basically go in um they send you these huge envelopes every month and it really just collect your junk mail Every month. You put all those junk mail inserts in, you send it off to somewhere in New York. I guess they study the drunk male habits of what's coming to this particular area over here. And I've been doing it for at least 10 years and they pay out at least are not police, I think $10 a month.
It's it's either or like all those credit card offers, you know, they said you can leave it as is you know we're not going to do anything with it or you can just take it out where it shows your personal information of it, you know? Shred that part and still put the rest of the junk mail into the folders,
Nope. They actually milieu off like a huge
like 10 humble of every
month living each week you just put it in all the junk mail in, they put in your mailbox and then they just collect you. And I mean for 10
years work, I'm like that's
the long study, Longest study I've been participating up 10 years.
Um they accept what this study here, I'm not 100% you know sure. Um I think the compensation is $15 because $10 they get your junk mail and then actually the other five bucks a month. What do you actually go and you're like, I guess my personal account over here and look at Mike Miller as well too. So it's I mean you've given permission for your privacy but this was more like My personal junk email anyways and I'm like $4 a month, you know, I can't complain.
Yeah, pretty much.
It does give you a list of like what type of stuff they're actually focusing for, but if one week you truly get nothing, which is impossible, you know, you actually, you know, mail it back empty as is
Yeah.
Yeah and that's the same here. Um I just can't believe that's just been the longest study, but I've been participated.
that's that's the only one that's really giving me money because I used that money like I still have the check it for a couple $100 but I'm saving before because I have, I pre ordered the X on the new Xbox console, so
it came out Tuesday, but I'm kind of pissed off at amazon because I did it pre order since september and amazon setting on the day before. It's like, oh, sorry, because the demand of this, you know, we won't be able to ship yours from now until like New Year's Eve, like, are you fucking serious right now too? I've
been waiting, it's kind of shady for their part, you know, doing this, you know, at the last minute versus weeks ago when they said, you know, just because there's demand of this, you know, you might not get it at launch day, you might get it within this acceptable timeframe. But for me, you know, it's been a little patient as well too. I'm guilty of it, but you know, to say literally the night before the launch, you won't
get from school because of this.
Well the thing is I'm pissed is that, you know, I don't mind waiting since, you know, I waited this long. You know, the only thing is that I'm traveling during thanksgiving time and flying up north. So the thing is if it does come time when I'm out of here, I hear a lot of things, you know, happening around you have cameras here, like that's the last thing I want is a freaking delivery when you're not home and not even able to go back home and grab the package.
Oh yeah, I see the shipping. If it's happening when I'm up there up north, I'm just going to call amazon straight up and like you guys stop the shipping delayed for another week. I don't care because I'm not leaving, you know, a hot commodity outside
my front. You know, I really can't really ask my neighbors. I don't even know if they're going to be here at the same time as well too.
Yeah, I appreciate it. Thank you for the heads up because uh, she's just gonna probably just call them up or chat with them and say, just don't deliver during this time from
over here.
let's take an idea. I might have to take a look at the option over there. I mean, the good thing is, is that I'm literally five minutes away from a distribution facility. I drive
by all the time. So it's, it's funny, you know, it's five minutes away, but I know the package is not coming from that particular location over there.
I know
it's
really flying by this, this
whole, you thought it was going slow, but I'm like, you realize, wow.
I mean before New York 2021 and then we'll just have to see how everything goes. You know, come, you know the election, hopefully it's all wind down soon and we can just have a better life regardless.
Well,
but I appreciate us speaking with you.
No problem. Well I hope you have a good weekend. Thank you. See you.