Yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah.
Oh,
yeah. Actually all right.
I guess it's good to go.
Yeah. Sounds good.
I have not. No. Have you?
Every day. Did you? Where did you hear about this?
Okay. Me too. I was curious if there was another, I guess like website that they use. Okay.
Yeah. So you said you've been doing prolific since May.
Okay. So as you start with like the quarantine and everything.
You didn't. Mhm.
Okay. Where are you or what age are you teaching?
Gotcha. I'm on pre K. So it's like a pre K counts program through the state, um, for at risk kids
pennsylvania. It's like right outside of Philly.
So we are, so I'm actually located a childcare
center. So, um, I don't know like how like what your
rules are and everything there, but I guess like for here, all the districts can make their own rules. So as of now we're going back, but I guess we'll see what it looks like in the next few weeks closer there. What about you guys?
I was, didn't you governor make a rule that said everybody had to go back. I'm like going off
of art that I read.
saying so. I think we have to make a decision like right before the school year. That says otherwise.
Yeah. You think you're gonna be in school?
Yeah. Are you guys
prepared for virtual at all? Eric? Mhm
Did
you get your position last
year?
No. Yeah.
No. Enough.
That's frustrating for sure.
I know with ours we have to have like three months, have a like a hybrid model, a in person model and then a full virtual. Why don't we have to make like plans for all three? So it's a lot of work, but it'll be nice for like when things do shut down to be
like ready
and
organized.
Pre
k
yeah, I don't even know
zoom
when Mexico.
So there are 34 and five. So, um, it's like right before kindergarten, I'm some of the ones that like are about to turn four and then some that decided to hold them back for a year, um, for different reasons, but
Oh, especially cause we're like at risk. Um, we're like, we target that risk kids. A lot of these kids, parents work at grocery stores and like they're not there with them. So we didn't get too much participation last year. It's more going to be like spending home kits and things like that from what I'm understanding. But um, it'll be tough. We'll say right.
Um, pre K counts. That's like a program through the state of pennsylvania. Um, so I'm just like a lead teacher for pre K.
You have,
So teachers go back August 17 and then we're back for two weeks before the kids start
August 17. So like two weeks I
guess.
Yeah. So we don't really have, I know like different states like New Jersey has
embedded. Do you guys have pre k like in your school systems?
Yeah, it's so different. So with ours because pre K. Usually just offered a childcare centers for like childcare prices, which is expensive. Um Our governor made like a program through the state where it's connected with school districts, so it's all by grants. Um But he put it in child care centers, he puts it in school districts. Um And indeed like target the areas I guess that um are targeting those students that he's looking for. So you have to hit like a certain threshold with how much you make and things like that. Um So I'm in a child care center which I like. Um I know with the public schools right now. Are you in a public school? Okay. Are you, what do you teach? Like what subject?
Bye.
Isn't
it?
So I've been doing my position now for two years. I'm actually looking now to get out of teaching actually. So I'm interviewing and things like that, which it seems like a lot of teachers are doing.
I
actually went to um went to school for middle school and I
talked to
in a charter school for 7th and 8th and I did not like
it at all. That was very short lived. So then I kind of tried the younger kids, which I like, but a lot of it's just financial reasons how my school handled the pandemic. Um Just like I'm young still, I don't kids or anything so I could try something new. It's like entry level and maybe like not the best hours and kind of see what happens, but we'll see. I'm like kind of just playing it by ear right now.
that's
Is that like 10 years here?
Okay, so it's different.
No. Yeah.
And then you said your what are you getting this year? Your yearly or you
said
something um that your, you said I get I've been there for five years or something like that.
And
well
that makes sense for sure. Um Yeah, we'll see I guess, but I give props to every teacher that's going through all of this right now. I feel like everyone thinks we've had summer off and it's been great, but gonna be tough.
Now.
I know he's got to play it by ear so you can get your districts don't have any say of all the governor with you guys.
Go
what?
What? But
know it's ours, it's really interesting because each district kind of makes their own role. So um in the district that I live in um not the one I work in there actually, the only ones going back full time right now. So then the neighboring district is virtual and then the other district is hybrid. So it's gonna be interesting to see how it plays out with neighbouring schools that are a few miles away. Um Not doing the same thing.
and there,
And I know like my I'll go ahead. Sorry.
No. Yeah I was gonna say the district that I went to school went to high school and is doing virtual school, but they're allowing all sports, so they're doing their opening the building at 330, which I found really interesting and parents definitely aren't loving besides the parents of like the seniors that are depending on scholarships, but it's just it's weird to see all the different perspectives for sure.
Yeah.
Oh, that's tough. For sure. I know.
I
feel
I am, I'm right outside, I mean like the suburbs of philadelphia,
my
brother actually just moved to Pittsburgh to um he, I think we're about like 3.5 hours, I want to say to four hours.
Yeah, definitely a unique city. So I, my dad went to Pit and then my brother just moved there for an engineering job now, so that's like most of my background with it, I've only been there a few times. Um Just so it's like family trips and things like that, but it's definitely super unique city. It's very different where I feel like if you kind of go to Philly in new york it's very similar. But even like they're building structures, structures and just like the way that the city like layout is and the way that it is, it's very different. I really like it. Um But it's not close enough that I'm able to go all the time. Hopefully with my brother being there, I'll get myself there a little bit more after the pandemic of course. But
I
was I don't even know, I mean
I don't know that. I mean I wouldn't, I think, I mean it's not like a super popular city, like I feel like when people think of P. A. They think of Philly like that might be a little bit smaller. Um I
don't know.
No I'm not sure. Yeah. I mean I don't I don't know a ton about it and we're no more
no more about philadelphia just close. But yeah. Two. So what have you been doing? Are you off this summer? Do you have any like jobs or anything like that?
Absolutely,
Yeah. Is that what you did in the summer? You would do that school year round two.
Yeah me as well. Um I think I joined prolific like two or three weeks ago but I've got a bunch of stuff on there like it's it's going well so far. It seems like there's a lot of availability and studies and things like that.
No. What is that?
Yeah, I do.
When
there's does it like noticeable? Oh, I should do that for sure. Mm.
Because
that's definitely like I can do that now but I kind of want to continue when I'm teaching and stuff and going back to work. So that actually sounds like a good thing to do after write that down.
Like technology a lot like is he everything on there?
What?
Yeah. Doesn't depend on your I guess your demographic information and all of that that you type in of what you're accessible.
I'm trying to get mind to do it, but he's just like, I don't know if it's for me. He's like he gets nervous about like a lot but I told him it's not a lot of lives, stuff like this. Um
Yeah, that's what I hear two or if you get people to sign up for a day and they, they aren't like I guess persistent enough to get really much of anything. So
what?
Oh yeah, for sure. Um I heard
you say fiance, did you have a wedding plans or anything during this? Wow,
Here's this be September 12 and we pushed back. I want to say two or three weeks ago.
So sooner, So when did you decide?
So you guys were even sooner. See we had at least till september so we like didn't have to really do a bunch leading up to it. But when did you guys make the decision and everything?
for sure. Some days, some days I tried to get off of it because you never know what you're on there. But that's actually the reason I started doing surveys is because I was getting so submerged and um social media and it was just getting too much. I need
to be a part of like the wedding connection, like all those facebook groups, I read those as well. I know
back.
So we are we like, I guess um like a medium sized wedding, so I was just gonna be around 150 people. What was your size
about? Similar? So I guess that's considered pretty big. So even with all the stats, everything going around, so our venue ended up saying um we're holding weddings at full capacity, but it's masks the whole entire time unless you're sitting for food and like we have an open bar, we hired a photo booth and that's like the pictures on our walls that are going to be displayed for the rest of our lives with people with masks on. Um So just for like those purposes, because I guess I see like I have a lot of friends getting married as well and a lot of venues are doing um lower amounts of people with lower restrictions where ours was doing full capacity, which we want a full capacity. I have
grandparents that would have to fly that there would be no way.
so hopefully June of 2021. What about you guys?
Okay, so that's actually um that was one of the dates we had two dates available that they were going to give us and I'm actually a maid of honor in a wedding that day.
Um and then it's gonna be tough for months but
ended up going to an 11th
2021.
Um yes and no, most of our vendors were awesome. Our venue wanted to attack on a $10,000 re um are postponement. Yeah. So we thought that if we would have decided 24 hours later we would be paying it or we
will be
having
our way.
Yeah so we had all of our deposit. I think we have like close to 15,000 already like um And like of course like my mom is helping a lot so now it's not really just my decision. I have to include her obviously for obvious reasons. Um So we we ended up fighting that so they raised our minimum a little bit with just like the lower amount of people that had to be there
but
From what I'm seeing that's okay. And then our photographers wanted to charge a little bit extra for our 2021 packages. And compared to the 2020 because of the surge, everything like that. So we ended up we won that battle. Um it was tough. I'm still not very happy even though we ended up looking out with what we face. But what about you guys that
you are? Okay,
so
No.
I hear
lot of people do that. Which which just is insane to me.
We're gonna,
my goodness,
that's right because
it's been helpful or even helpful.
Venues in the pandemic. Uh
I want to understand that. I'm like, I know these people are struggling to but it's just like I so now are you gonna have to day of coordinators?
Do
your
behalf
and
that's frustrating.
Oh, I I feel you there. We had to argue a bunch and a lot of our like, well a few of our vendors, our friends like these are people that we like the one our photographers who was the biggest argument we met on a cruise and we're pretty close with them and like they did a photoshoot. Like it's just it's I hope it doesn't like hinder relationships and we don't have to postpone again because who even knows come june is, what do you feel do you think it's gonna be okay by then?
You
guys are us because we're I
think we're on to something still if it's outside.
One.
How
that And then yeah, that's tough
doing
everything in Vegas too. Oh my goodness. It's got a thought for sure.
Thank
you.
Yeah, if you're in it, that's like that's really, really tough. Um Were you guys to be able to get all your vendors lined up and everything for your new date?
Well, that
should be
pretty easy at this point. They can't have any bookings.
Yeah. So you guys didn't really have, like, I feel like ours was tough because it was technically a decision and that's what the photographer kept pushing was that you can still get married and I'm like,
what our grandparents aren't gonna be there, like it's not going to be and that's not good else.
And then it's
invitations you're spending on dress alterations and that's like, it's, there's a lot of little details that you're still gonna lose money on either way. So it
get
off that wedding connect facebook.
it's tough seeing that for sure. No, I'm on it too. I don't flavor, but
I mean people are going through nightmares, especially with their vendors and feeds and I thought we went through one. But uh it's tough.
You guys
two fingers crossed for June
you
to
home.