and I mean,
Nice to
meet you
room.
Yeah. So I'll just set a timer for 25 minutes.
Have you done this before?
It's my third time. It's uh, yeah, They offered every few weeks once a month. Um, always since I've been doing this last, it's like may, it's interesting.
Um, I use prolific.
I don't know. I mean there's other websites like it, but I, I don't know. Um, specifically there's other ones
about that. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm a T shirt. So,
Perfect. Actually, the last person I had a chat with a few weeks ago, was that a started teaching career? So she was doing this as well?
I'm high school. I'm in Orlando, like Orlando florida area. What about you?
What, what state?
Okay. So are they, are they going back to school or? Right now?
Her?
Look,
uh, we're supposed to teachers supposed to report on the tent, so we have a week and a half, which is a little nerve racking.
Cut.
Yeah. He uh he says there must be a brick and mortar option um And then says well if the health if the health doesn't allow for it but no one exactly knows what that means. Uh So
I doubt it.
Oh for like a month and then it's going to close down.
But
I don't know I
agree.
We
we did I mean I say I don't know like sure there's a plan like Microsoft teams
we've had no summer trainings on how to teach online, like we go back we're going to have like two weeks of trainings and I have no idea what that's going to entail. So
there's something in place but they haven't really told anyone what exactly that means.
Course. Yeah. So
our
pre
k
you have
to have those
plans
and pre
k. As well
for are they are they four year olds?
I'm I'm like I have high school, they know how to use devices, but like I would be terrified to see how it four year old could operate.
What did you say your position within the school was again?
Okay. So when
when does your school year starts?
August 17. He said
similar
timeframe now is is pre K through the public school system or is it more like a preschool position?
We
I think so. They may call it something else. I'm forgetting. I'm forgetting the term that they use.
Uh high school social studies, mostly 9th and 10th graders. Um
But it varies. How
long
have you, how long have you been doing it for?
Is that because of the pandemic or just because you don't
like the job after fears?
Well,
no.
All
Yeah, I'm starting your eight. So if if you can make it five years, you're, that's
at least what everyone seems to say. If you can make it five years, you can make it much longer than that.
We don't have tenure anymore.
Right. It's it's it's grandfather didn't, and when I started in 2013,
they got rid of 10 years so I'll never have tenure. Oh,
put
him in.
no. Oh no. You know what I was saying was like a common thing, you hear teachers say? And what you read is like the first five years of the teachers career is so
important because the people who make it past five years probably stick with it as
opposed to
I was, I was having a talk with a buddy of mine I used to work with last night. He was like, teaches around Tampa florida. Uh, but uh, he's been in Ohio for the summer and he's, he's supposed to go back to work on monday. Uh, and we had a conversation last night and I was like, man, if you can financially afford it, don't go back,
he's like freaking out about it and I may be freaking out about it next week. I don't know.
Um, it's a, it's a weird situation like Orange County, which is where Orlando is, is uh, much more liberal on their school board than my county. So they're, they're trying to get like exemptions from the governor. They've been a lot more bold. My county. Um, mm
hasn't been as bold.
Well I Miami dade and Broward, which is all the way in the south, which is like the epicenter in florida in the country right now.
They're not going back to school, they're going to be fully own online but there it's very bizarre. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's definitely been frustrating because like I I live five minutes from Orlando, but I'm not in that county and parents, parents want everything
to be exactly the same now, so.
No, no, no, by all means.
Yeah. That's that's bizarre in a sense because like uh one of my co workers are being some friends with who's in my department is the football coach and they've had some er they've had summer not practice but more like conditioning. Um And I want one student I tested positive for Covid but he hadn't been at practice for a week, so they weren't sure if he was ever had Covid at practice and they stopped practicing for like 2 to 3 weeks. And of course the whole community finds out and there's a huge uproar. Um
So
he
said
correct, you said you're out of philadelphia,
my brother just moved to Pittsburgh a few months ago, how far
is that?
So I've, the only time I've ever been in pennsylvania was at an airport in Philly, like how is Pittsburgh in your opinion? Because I've never been, I had no desire to go there right now during the pandemic. Um keeps talking about he he keeps saying how wonderful it is. Uh
he keeps saying it's charming but is there a reason why it's so cheap to live there, but he keeps
keeps
he's going on, he's been staying at an Airbnb since he doesn't have a job, so he's living off of unemployment and living his life right now. Um But I know he sends me these articles, it's like oh it's, it's, it's the best city in the country for affordability like, and
I
guess I just think rust belt and like lack of jobs from 20 years ago and it for, oh no
practices.
I do a lot of online work, so I have like a part time job on the computer. I do prolific and a few other like random survey testing things to keep busy. Um, I mean I figured back in March if we're going to be home all the time, I might as well try to be as productive as possible since
I had, I, I had a second job before with my district dealing with like hospital homebound kids where I would go to their house to kind of a tutor ish. So like all of that went away. So I started doing all of this then.
Um, that program is only offered during the square. So once, once all that went away, like I started reading like Reddit to figure out what what is a good a good option to try to make something as opposed to nothing every day.
Did you download a browser extension?
So you use Crumb?
So if you if you look up like prolific browser extension, like it'll it'll download it and you'll get like an icon on your screen
and
So whenever you just have to be logged in and like you'll get a chime, it's not perfect, Sometimes it catches it, sometimes it doesn't, but that's really the best way as opposed to just looking all day if there's a
number on it.
Yeah. My my my my dad who's like 65, like I got him started on it a month ago because she's been at home and he's obsessed with it. Like how
Yeah, no, that's fine. Like he did like marketing jobs when when he worked, so he finds it fascinating. But then he calls me up like in the middle of the day and he's like, I haven't been paid for a survey in like four days, let's
go. Like he's like I haven't gotten the survey and like a day what it's like, I don't know what to tell you.
like my my fiancee does it as well, so sometimes we'll get like a couple surveys that both of us can do, we just have to like share the number. Um So that that
everyone everyone, a lot of people I talked to, they're just like, you do you like don't
Yeah, like I've told a few coworkers and I was like, I don't want to go back to work, I'm making more money right now at home. If
I teach, then I would going back because I can't do this whole time.
But
we didn't hear it. When when were you supposed to get married?
Yeah, we we were supposed to get married on the weapons. So three weeks ago. Uh
I'm sorry what,
basically april I was I was ready to postpone back in March. I just like, like I was consuming like the Washington post every day and like tv cable news and that was like this, there's just no way, like a lot of our family is in new york to come down. Um So it took her a few weeks to come to the same conclusion. But do you read a lot of like, are you active on facebook and any of the wedding group?
she she like shows me these like, wedding, I mean, I've been with her for over five years. We lived together, we bought a house. So but like, she shows me these like, facebook posts of like these wedding groups of people who are just like, I can't believe my bridesmaids aren't coming to my wedding in three weeks.
So,
what, what what did you decide to do for your whatever?
Oh, about that?
Did you
Did you reschedule? What for 1?
We we did June, we're hoping for June 26 or 21.
There you go.
but
did
you have any problems with the vendors changing?
Did
you
did
you put down a lot of money then already?
that's
all, That's awful.
it's we're actually on our third thing, you know?
Yeah,
but that's that's well, that's when when we first started looking like a year ago uh because we waited, we didn't want to get married during the school year and I propose like january um 2019. So
I could get it to get it done summer 2019, 6 months. So we're always just like uh so the first place we picked, uh they got they closed down. That was before the pandemic. So then we settled on another place once
the pen,
so we found another place. But that was we had over a year. But the second place that we decided on uh come Mayor, I think it was like June I think it was like June 1st. Uh
they closed down this year.
So so we're on our third place. Uh What one of the like we hired a day of coordinator. And
but
not really because the new place that the new place that we selected has a day of coordinator already in the fee. So we contacted the person that hadn't done anything and they're refusing to give back any money. Um Even though we paid more.
No. Yeah, but
No, we're just saying to help with that person, like, like they got they got $500, why am I going to give them another $500 or whatever the
the
fee
was?
And
after that argument with them, like it's not with it.
Yeah. I I don't know, like Florida right now, you can only have a maximum capacity of 50 people uh for and
we
what,
well florida and low this would be inside, but florida's Probably a bit more of a hotspot, but also but
we went, we went to one venue and they try to tell us, Oh no, it's only 50%. If you want to get married this summer we can accommodate 150 people inside. And she liked the place. And I'm thinking myself and I was like, something is not right with
this venue,
My fiance has is a bridesmaid for her friend and they're they're planning a wedding in Vegas in november and she's still saying, oh
well,
yeah, so she's
like, well,
you know, a lot of family has already canceled, but I still want to go through with it.
Yeah. The only, the only thing I keep forgetting to do is find a new hotel for my guests. I keep, but I
still
have
10 months. But yeah, most of that switched over. I think I think we have to get a new DJ because of like a conflict of time. But he had someone that he worked with, so he gave us that recommendation but other than that um I mean we have almost all the vendors, maybe a few things we have to do but all of that seemed fine. I mean we have a we have a pretty good excuse for for canceling concerning the venue closed down. Uh We were we were kind of forced it regardless to find a new place but yeah.
no.
No we we we actually made the decision like a month before the venue closed out and as you said there was a lot of pushback, oh well you don't know what's going to happen in two months and I was like I know my aunt in new york is not getting on a plane to come to florida right
now.
it was yeah she she's a lot more disappointed about all the changes than
so
what was that? Yeah. I can't suggest that though.
Yeah. She's she's constantly raging about people and what they're saying about it.
Well it's been 25 minutes. It was very nice talking and I hope your wedding turns out very well
so.
Yeah. Well anyway stay safe to work with the school year or your
if you
end
up with your job. So anyways I have a good rest of the day.