Yeah, there's going
I good morning.
It does. Yeah. Sorry.
I just grabbed a handful of mixed nuts. But
so what,
what are you in
Virginia?
I have no twice.
What about you?
Yeah, I wonder like it's kind of interesting. I wonder what they're trying to do with all this, like,
who knows. Mm
Yeah. So how long have you been in? Ohio
nose?
I've been here for a little over a year. Originally from Kentucky.
That has that's better there. 9, 10. But my uncle and grandparents, you know? Yeah.
Well,
the first one, I felt like it was like more in the middle of like everybody freaking out over the pandemic. So that one was like almost entirely like, what do you think about this aspect of the pandemic? And the second one was like very, I don't know, I'm very just typical small talk. All right. Yeah.
Oh, just so weird.
That's fine. Mhm. So what do you do for like work
six?
Well No just 38.
you just was as well. That was weird.
Yeah I think our landlord is currently are long well overdue so
I
think it's been like every week it's like oh it's going to rain every single day this week and then it rains like one day that week. Which I'm not complaining about trust rate
So I'm right I'm right outside of D. C. Like in northern Virginia. Like Arlington uh D. C. Is like a lot stricter with the shutdown than Virginia. So like if you're on the Virginia side of the border it's like a little bit less tricks you're on the D. C. Side, it's like pretty strict. I think technically you're just having a mask even if you're just outside in D. C. So there they're pretty strict but we were there all day yesterday and all the day before to celebrate my roommate's birthday. So we were you know, following the rules but like right to the limit.
Yeah. You're still seeing people like break it. I haven't
you'll still see people like break the rules for sure. And I haven't seen anybody get like actually find, but
at
least
two.
Yeah. You can be fine. I mean it's like $500.
what?
That's kind of
My
my friend is there right now, he's at put in bay and he was sending
me snapchats
And I was like there's no one with the mask on. Like what the fuck are you doing?
jeez. Yeah. I mean he you send snapchats and it looked like it was like a I happened in club with nobody with the mask on. I was like this is allowed like.
Yeah no I mean here everybody wears a mask at the grocery store any like club or like bar that doesn't have food isn't allowed to open so like something like that couldn't open if you're at a restaurant you have to be seated or you have to have on a mask and they like kick you out if you don't and you can have more than six people in your group anywhere. Yeah
Look
outside
you know I have six people as well.
Yeah it's pretty urban like I'm like a half mile from a metro stop and there's like high rise buildings a block away.
More suburb. E.
Well
not play really ever go to the mall but.
there's there's plenty of that right next to us. I feel like we usually just end up going into D. C. Anyway, but you could just stay right here.
Uh I just have done this stuff on prolific and then if you had a respondent
so.
No,
well so I've I've applied to a bunch of them and like right when I started it I got one like immediately and
with instance and I haven't gotten on But it
was pretty
good. Like the one that I got it was like four hours of stuff
and it was $125. So.
I mean that was good but yeah I haven't managed to get one since it seems like a lot of them are like really specific.
I'm an electrical engineer for defense.
Yeah that's good. Down
good.
So I did, I did undergrad obviously and then you don't have to have a master do it. But I did one company paid for it sir as
well. Good.
Yeah. Yeah, I mostly do stuff like this for a second, throw extra money in the stock market. To be honest. I started doing this like around March because I was like, oh, the stock market's about the tank. You gotta, you gotta get some as you can and throw it in there. And so I did do that a little bit, but I thought it was going to go down a lot further and stay
down a lot more and uh not quite.
That's the smart thing.
Mhm
Is.
Mm Okay, now I think we're back.
She's
good.
Yeah, it's like freezes this both. Let me try. Maybe if I move. Thank you. Very rival. Well, steve, we'll try here. And if this doesn't work on me again.
You said that you buy like your biggest gainer has been the stocks.
Mm hmm. So like I have like two different accounts. Ones like the real account that I like don't do anything stupid with. So that I don't like fuck around and lose thousands of dollars. Uh So that was like pretty diversified into different E. T. F. S. That really really broad and
very
like I mean not low risk because it will still move with the market but it's not going to like drop a few 1000 not come back like a code with an individual stock. Uh Although I do own amazon and google. And that one as individual stocks which I should probably sell because they're up like ridiculous percentage right now. But yeah the other one is like my for fun account. And that one is like a much smaller amount of money, but I just kind of do whatever the fuck I want with it. So like I got really begin to doing options on that one. Have your options.
I don't recommend. Do you do you like the concept of it?
So basically you can buy a call or buy a put. Those are like the two most common ones. If you buy a call, you're basically like betting that it's going to go up to a certain amount and if it goes above that amount, then you get the difference between that amount and whatever it's at at the date that it expires. And so like you're buying a contract that allows you to buy 100 shares at that price put is the opposite. You're saying you're betting it's going to go down. So if it basically like you're not buying anything that has value intrinsically, you're buying a contract, it's like, basically gambling essentially, but people get invested in. And so then you get like People that get very into it and lose a lot of money. Like there was a kid uh there was a kid that lost $700,000 during it, and because he didn't know what he was doing and he killed himself because he
lost
him.
Yeah.
You
can
you can make a lot of money really fast, but you can also lose a lot really fast, especially
you don't know what you're doing. So I gotta kind of cocky with it because like the first like 20 or so that I had done, I made money and all of them, and I was like, I was like, I just have I just know what I'm doing, like I'm good and then what I would always do is if like if the contract started to lose value, I would just double down and just buy more contracts of the same thing. And then when it popped back up a little bit, Because they're extremely volatile. Like if the stock goes up 1%, your option might go up 30%. So like you can, like even a tiny move underlying stock will potentially get you a huge gain or loss. And so I was just doubling down and I kept doubling down on the last one that I did, I kept doubling down and it was like to the point where I was like definitely going to lose at least $1000 regardless. But I had bought another one on Kodak. Did you see what Kodak exploded? So I bought a put on that saying we go down and Like a couple days after I bought that they dropped 40% in one day. So like that contract alone went up like $1,000. So
basically even doubt like my my to like my one really stupid bet and this one like even doubt. So I got rid of all of it and just got out of it completely and shut off the ability to even buy options on my
No,
it's uh it's just so stressful. Like you find yourself just like literally looking at the phone and like watching the number
change. Like it's just
yeah, I would say so because if you get it right, like you wake up and it's it's all right and you're like, wow, okay. So what do you get wrong? And it's not, it's not a fun time.
We're not recommend unless you really just love staring at your phone all day to see if the stock is moving up opinion. Okay.
yeah that's right
extremely.
I wouldn't even think that people aren't really providing I don't think like I think a lot of people in this area are really mad that he got the nomination. But they're very anti trump. Like like spiritually unacceptable to say that you're for trump.
Yeah it's it's certainly a liberal area here.
Kentucky is pretty red.
it's interesting in Virginia because Virginia used to be a red state. Yeah I mean it was it's definitely the south but northern Virginia has grown so much in population. Northern Virginia is like the party right? By D. C. It's grown very much in population that now Virginia is a blue state but it's really only blue in northern Virginia and the rest of the state is still red.
Yeah. He's not an exciting candidate. Really.
Yeah. Did you see trump's new one for him? It's slow, joe. I think that one's better.
what?
What?
What?
Yeah. I mean the show for music, I know if the Democrats win the Senate and the house and the presidency, they're going to raise my taxes like 100% for sure.
So that's the
right and I don't want to be taxed, sir. That's the thing. But I don't know. I haven't but he will at the very minimum repeal trump's tax cuts. So that will, you know, inevitably raised texas.
Uh huh. I was saying I haven't looked at biden's tax plan, but I know it's a very minimum. He's going to repeal trump's tax cuts which is effectively raised in texas.
Yeah. I mean it's kind of hard not to in this area
to be
honest. Like everybody talks about it.
I don't really know. So like it's basically like what he did is he like delayed the collection of it. So basically like the only thing that happens is like companies don't have to pay it until like six months from now, but they start to pay it six months from now. So like most companies aren't gonna like give you that
money because they know they're going to have to pay it. So you're just you're just going to keep it and hold on to it until then.
Yeah. Now he's he wanted to do that, but Congress wouldn't let him. So
so we tried to do with an executive order, but I would argue like the vast majority of companies are going to do that.
I mean, I definitely haven't seen on my paycheck by paycheck is look the same so
it would have been nice. Yeah you have like any kids or your family up there with you in. Ohio
Mhm. Mhm. Well that sounds like a lot of work.
So you said you do like physical fitness trainer? Oh
nice.
They're
like
just get rid
what
what words
Russia.
wow.
Soccer. Uh I was on three teams before for this all hit so you know all that's canceled now one
of them has still been getting together though like lately not in the middle of all this but like the past couple months. So we like kind of have our own little games within the team but.
right. Yeah technically all of us can get fined $500 because
it's
in
d. c. Well and none of us having
Well
what
that.
Mhm. I don't know. But so far none of us have gotten find I imagine we'll keep doing it until we do. Yeah. Let's see.
Well,
Oh okay. Uh That's awesome.
Yeah. Uh I see. Just like uh like a picture of a head like I don't see you anymore.
Is
it possible
you disabled the video somehow?
Well, it's like it's almost like it's turned off like it's like a
stock in it.
Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Got you. Now
see.
Jack. My art that I made for 4th
of
July.
Oh, it's just a line of the U. S.
Place.
All right,
All right. Well, good talking to you.
Yeah. You too
see
it.