Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. Uh huh. Over. No no no. Oh
hi good morning.
Oh all right. It worked.
How's it going?
You're good man. You're good. So
you're
um I'm in Ohio. How about you
Virginia? Nice nice. You done this before?
Ok. Sam.
Same choice. Yeah.
Well maybe we'll see ourselves on T. V. Someday.
it's pretty easy money and I don't mind talking so
my whole life. Yeah. You
in Virginia?
Okay. Very good. My work that we're sorry my dad works in Louisville so.
good. Very good. So
what have you been usually talking about on here with people?
The first one I got a guy from new york who was like in like you know how bad they were? They had a lot of deaths. I had him so that was kind of interesting kind of seeing the difference between Ohio and New York which you know they were obviously worse. And then the last one I had a girl was literally 15 minutes down the road. It's the craziest thing.
Yeah. She kept saying where do you live? And I said Ohio she's like where in Ohio? I'm like you know I said in my city and she said her city and like that's literally right down the road so that was nice.
Um I work in a plastics factory um and then I do some personal training on the side and surveys on the side too. So
yeah you look pretty young. How are you? What is this here? 30. I just turned 38.
Yeah two kids and yeah that's good man. You keep freezing well there. Yeah.
Oh yeah I'm going through my phone internet so I do it that way.
Yeah. Grass hasn't been growing here very much. We've been pretty dry. I
want
yeah area well um so how's Virginia for your shutdown anything or what's Virginia like?
Right. Well outside that's really, that is really strict, wow.
You cut out there the last time you said you didn't hear you
so
you
can
be fine,
wow. That's insane, wow, wow. So up here it's like, like everyone wears them but like, well I can't say everyone wears them late, Like supermarkets, you'll see like maybe nine out of 10 people. Um And then we went up to um lake eerie. It's like a party island
out there. Like it was like, it's called kelleys island put in bay. And like you just get this island hop. Like
we got stuff everywhere, you know like, oh you gotta wear your mask even if you go on your golf cart and like literally there's no one with a mask. It's
crazy because that.
Are
you serious? What?
Yeah. Yeah. My buddy is up there and he's like, I asked about my sister in law, she's turning 21 soon. I'm like, is it gonna be fun if we take her up there? He's like no one's wearing a mask. You know, there's no one's listening to whatever, you know, the signs and all that stuff. So.
Yeah. Well yeah and it's really bad up that way because that something near Cleveland and I know that they're they have to wear them but
That's pretty close to here. But. Uh huh. We get together at like what about outside
though? Where did you already say? What it's
like outside?
Okay. You're more strict than us because we can have. Yeah. Even in our little county. I mean I live in the country but so you're more like what suburb?
Okay. How about whenever you're in Kentucky, were you like apartment?
Okay. Okay. So you're more seven in a country
hit all my life. Uh huh. Yeah, closest mall is always like 45 minutes away. Yeah.
Well I mean like you know like your best buy or your olive garden, you know, just like to go somewhere fun. Cool. So
Yeah. So um I learned actually learned a lot from the last girl I talked to. Do you do any other surveys to make money online?
Yes, but I never got nothing on that. I kept
applying for stuff and maybe it's because
you look closer to yeah. Actually life.
Like
that's
like
no.
Yeah that's the kind of stuff I kept seeing but I never got. That's not too bad. Mhm.
yeah. He had to be in a specific field or? Yeah. So what are you doing it now?
okay, that makes sense. Okay. People want to know what you're thinking and what you doing things like that. That's cool. That sounds interesting.
It's a lot of school
for that or?
why not?
sweet. Well then you don't need too many side gigs. That sounds like a pretty good paying job.
Of
Yeah I did the same thing um kind of like but I just I just bought it. Never was really low pretty much and I'm up quite
Yeah. Um I put a lot of money in the CBD believe it or not, that was a big that's my biggest gainer. Yeah.
What kind of stuff do you invest in? You're
froze? Yeah. Now now that finally is it Me? Well you're froze again.
There we go. Yeah, I had three bars. I don't know. Is it my
freezing
your reminder
Yeah. Mhm. What were you saying? I forget.
yeah. Yeah. I asked you what you like.
got
it.
No, no.
No, I've never heard no. Not really.
Was
that all
over then? Is that all over the internet? Okay. I might have heard of that. Yeah. Okay. So
don't
do
that. Okay.
What?
Good.
Oh that was my next question. So did you stop after that? Okay.
Thanks.
Both
right. Right. But it sounds addicting and kind of like gives you a rush. Huh.
Yeah. Never heard. Well I got a lesson in uh stocks today night. Okay.
wow. Yeah it sounds like it then. So um everyone in your area, are they like what's the whole presidential thing like? Like I live in the country so you know like everyone's trump here but like it's simple
since
you're close. Yeah. Yeah. Does that mean that you live close to that? Is everyone biden there? What's it like?
Wow. That's crazy. Like we see like one biden sign every like 45 minutes driving like it's crazy.
Okay well what about like, well in Kentucky I don't know what kind of state that is.
Is it? Okay. Yeah I guess that would make sense. Okay. Okay.
Okay. That's interesting. Yeah it's like crazy like my wife's like, you know there's no way trump is going to lose like it's that's all you see, I'm like yeah this is just this part of the, of the United States, it's like but like even all my friends, like I don't know if I have one friend is like about biden, you know they might be democrats, but you know, they don't, you know, they don't like biting, you know, all these, you know,
sleepy joe right
explosion. Oh man. See my my whole thing was I just didn't want Hillary in their last election, that was my thing. And then like I didn't know anything about politics and trump's just being like crazy and
like speaking his mind like
I just think it's funny like I don't know the world doesn't seem that bad to me until just recently. So I've
kind of been on his side based on that and then this guy came and I don't know that's this crazy politics,
Right.
I'm definitely making more money since trump. I mean I'll admit that too and that's a lot of people's is number one I want to make more money you know?
I I missed your first part. You cut out and then I heard the last.
Right right well so do you know what do you follow politics much or not? I mean as far as like what's going on?
World
war?
Right. What's going on with the payroll? Uh Cut the trump like you know the executive order like is that in court?
What?
that's not what that's not what it made it sound like. Okay. I thought you know you just until a specific time you don't have to your federal taxes taken out. Okay.
Oh okay. All right
okay well I don't blame them. Yeah that makes sense.
Same thing I know that I heard about it. I got my first paycheck. Well never mind. Well
Yeah I got two little girls um three and one so I'm busy all the time and Yeah I'm married of nine years.
It is a lot of work for sure. Yeah work 7 to 5 to get home and I trained kids three days a week and the hard work and it's pretty full time I love it wouldn't change it.
Yeah
on the side for some extra cash. I've been working out since I was 20 so I've learned a lot just younger kids, high school kids stuff like the
you know want to be
better.
Yeah pretty much It helps keep me young to whatever I'm going against 1817 1718 year olds.
So
basketball volleyball, track and field. Um Pretty much just those three
speed and speed and jumping higher is what I teach. Pretty much. Yeah
you do any sports and recreation so.
well
it's nice yeah leagues are starting up end of september around here but women outside playing like you know nonstops uh
great more
than
this.
it's oh gosh, all that, man. What's the
first lawsuit going to be like if someone like passing out because they have a mask on? I mean
no,
it can't cheese.
man, that's a lot of money. What do you say? 500, wow. Yeah, I mean there's signs on doors but
like I literally went to the grocery store the other day, I forgot my mask. I walked in and I'm like well let's come and say something to me. They say something that was all good.
Yeah, you're here.
Yeah, you're you're clear and I can see a movie. Looks weird. Really? Have a minute left. Yeah. Yeah,
I
hope
No. I put my phone close to the window here. Tell me if it gets better. Mhm.
huh.
Okay. All right. Let me I'll go out and come back in. I'll be right back
that.
Okay. All right, well, we got like 30 seconds left, so sweet. What's that? Oh no, you're froze.
There
we
are.
like that's sweet.
What is that? All right. Nice.
Okay. Okay. I didn't see the United States. I just thought the red and the blue night.
cool. Alright dude, that's 25 minutes. So you're talking.
Yeah, man. Hey, I hope all is
well