I think they are. Yeah. So yeah,
I think got delayed and I don't know. I just like circling for a minute, but whatever
it loaded. Yeah. Mhm
Uh huh Yeah, this is my 7th. So
yeah, at least until they limit again.
Their goal All right. Thank you. Plan. Yeah.
Um Just freelance programmer. The
just come around right stop.
I mean right now it's a bit slow. But other than that I mean Yeah.
Uh huh
The double because I do you know I'm working. Yeah.
Uh You know, that's not bad either. Don't have to fall asleep in a lecture. Uh
Yeah, things were like that when I was in school like oh man, I would have killed her dad. Everybody always scheduled class like freaking eight AM nine AM. Especially if you don't get good slots. Yeah, that's right.
Uh So what's happening
more
ground?
Okay. Not really sure how designs broken up. But you know, so I'm like graphic guys like is that officially supposed to be like print and web or?
Thanks?
My husband around well
or
If you add it, I mean mine has been around at least what 10, 20 years so computers are much weaker back then. Still ran it.
People
got stuff done. But yeah, through this stuff is annoying. I played a little bit, you just have to like think differently, you know, you can't just
how what?
Or was a good point? Uh
Okay. That's always good dorms. I don't have a dorm stocked hands. All right. Mark.
What
then they're like fortunately like a meal plan or something and
it's like
more,
you
know, find that one's at all or like some guy knocked out. Oh and picture disappeared. Oh, if you can. That's good.
Yeah, I just see like a placeholder and headset
and a green job
All right, whatever, so uh but yeah, so yeah, of campus, so that's good. Uh
the medication.
Well, in new york city originally from Yeah, well yet our site.
Mhm.
Yeah, I was pretty loud.
in a sense. Yeah,
Yeah, that's true. In some ways, I mean that would have been the more meaningful place to celebrate the yeah, new york was always going to go blue stuff. Mhm
I got to admit, I mean, like things have changed quite a bit. I used to go out a lot more Uh huh. Sports, et cetera, but nowadays it's so random. Netflix. Uh what's on amazon prime because I have it and I've never watched anything on it. Uh
work out at home. Uh Yeah, look a lot more.
Well
that
well
I mean I can do I can't skate boards and
uh being honest, I mean it's just ask my friends. Okay, what's good? And they did check the what last thing someone recommended to me was The Witcher and that was all right.
Actually. Didn't think I'd like it. But you know what else?
Yeah, don't really remember whatever. I mean basically whatever is good I watch or I guess I'll usually I get something like the Relapse if I don't like they'll just drop it. I don't care enough.
Uh No, it's not good or well
more
my girl, wow.
I'm all
man all around checking everything. What a good time.
My favorite one.
Mom.
A favorite show. Uh Let's see a movie. Yeah, that was the last thing I watched. Uh I like was Trained of the Sun. That was good.
I
heard it was a sequel that came out I think uh recently but I can't find it because only showed in Korea so I'm away but I want to come out so or when I think about it yeah, I don't even like reflex but that was so well done. Like wow,
I generally don't, but again, you know, for me it's like if it's well done, you know, I watch it. Yeah, I can like good work. So
So I feel like old trailers are like mostly new stuff or jump scare.
Are
would that be like gone girl or something? Something like
Yeah, there's a lot of good work in there. I'll admit that, you know, for a while, the whole jump scare thing which is like ruined the genre, but yeah.
Mm
mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Let's try something else. Um So
what, like what's like life like over there right now? I don't know anything about pennsylvania or whatever.
Yeah, everywhere.
Um Not too bad. I mean, mass compliance. I mean, depending on neighborhood, it's pretty good Subways. It's kind of a crapshoot.
Yeah. Things are still
pretty quiet.
Oh yeah, like some voice thing. Mhm.
Um yeah, I mean, I'd say it's been a bit weird vote because the weather has been alternating between like 50° and 70°.. So it's sort of like you get hot, cold, hot cold. So I think it's because all these hurricanes, but whatever, I mean, it's not like we're getting any of that here, so mhm
Oh yeah,
sorry, I couldn't hear you for a second.
Oh yeah, I mean, I'll play just about anything. Well lately it just play stuff on like mobile. Uh been a while since I fired on like console. Um mm Anything you or did you mean like board games or ever games or? Yeah,
yeah, switches, a lot of stuff. Um Yeah, like using the Joy Cons is a bit weird, but I mean what you get used to it, I'm sure there's the window. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Lately I've been making a lot of curry. Very good
trying to go around the world, I mean and doing a lot of indian courage near supermarket. Mm that's kind always kind of interesting shopping always have to like pull up google. Okay, so what is this ingredient english? But you know, once you figured it out, it's all good then like uh probably going to
try
like very next uh work my way
through the peninsula. Oh, every now and then I'll just get some japanese box. Very for like alrighty. Hmm.
A nice compromise like for at least southeast asian kurt you can get like curry paste and then you can just do the Waltons on that. Yeah.
What?
Everyone that we'll do it. What do you like to eat?
Hilarious. Because you know, it's just so convenient. You can even do it in your room because it'll induction.
Your
videos don't mama. Yeah. Your videos beth now I can.
uh do you like spicy hot pot or you just like regular after a while?
So it's
something when you go out with people for Hapa and it's like it was this not spicy crowd and then the spicy croutons like, like someone like half seas but
man, we really want to get to the bottom. Then they like went out and said so much. Mhm mhm
marina. Honestly, I'm just, I can't, I grew up in the air of like radio so I'm kind of just all right. What's, what's on Spotify? Makes it really easy. I can't really say I'm very particular in my taste, but you know, if it sounds good, Alison, I don't and oh yeah, and then like if you grew up like car radios, it's like just hit the button. Maybe you'll find like, so honestly I'm like all over the place for music. Yeah.
You know countries big now I mean country has been blended into so many different
genres
little bit.
No.
Oh the country was pretty boring.
Yeah, you can't really
do it. You know, you don't lifestyle so been that lifestyles existed so.
hmm,
And
No.
Well that's nothing easy under here.
Well,
Growing
up one more time, which is pretty sad. Not that the ball was any happier, but I guess it was better covered up. I can't blame anyone
and
I can definitely speak to that if if hit some really weird ones the most out there one I met. Uh I forget exactly what the term for their field of study was. It was like a PhD that's like studies birds or something.
Apparently they do a lot of fieldwork, but well that's all about canceled. So I was like, and I didn't realize there was so much to do with like studying birds and dragging them. They're like large teams of people which follow them and I'm like damn. Yeah.
And
yeah, everyone's got a hobby and what they're doing. Like they're something they're going to be older so it kind of makes sense.
From
the word,
Yeah.
It's not a big warning way.
You really need a live variety of people. Mm
wow,
I'm wondering that too because it's like, I mean training a computer
model or it's just like some favorite.
They
are
all, I just had to do it more like because I mean the video feed, so probably they want like the face mapping data in the audio, but
what you want, I don't know, it's hard for me to imagine some poor soul going through like hundreds or thousands of es and trying to extract some meaning from it. So I assume you have to be something like more automated, but hey,
well maybe we'll get a better stop by or like maybe in the future three D. World our efforts to go to making like the help help people or to guides and yeah.
Mhm
It's getting, you know, getting there. Yeah, I mean if you're not
paying attention,
I mean in some ways yes, I mean the efficacy goes up but in a number of what sense, like many people are just unprepared for it so you don't even need very sophisticated methods. Hell I mean like I think one conversation to go ahead, someone who was like asked me if you went back in time where to go and I just gave him some random and they're like, yeah I'm gonna go find out who really built the pyramids. I'm like her, obviously, I don't think the technology is going to change things that much for a lot of people. Uh
Yeah and then you, everyone is like who really made the dinosaurs and like oh boy. But Hey, I mean everyone's got their own ideas. Yeah. Uh,
yeah, It's scary in a sense though. And that technology will make it so that even like a person who's more well read or educated could still be fooled. So, and yeah.
I'm,
No, but I mean I can understand that baking voice. It's even easier. Next you can get audio and ceos are public figures. So you're going to get a lot of samples that's believable. I mean more common is like people just playing customer support and how can someone's account pretending to be them. They've got enough identifiers. Ceo escalation. Mm
But Hey, I mean, you know, we're helping the cause. Right. I hope that you are a small company, but you know. Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, you too. Yeah.