mhm. Yeah. It was very indeed. Commission. Yeah. No talking. I just finished the smelling Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh my God. Please upon No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Man. My last conversation was so good. I call bullshit. Uh Please jump on. It will be so sad. Mm. Yeah, you can't wait. Oh what the fuck? Rather holes? They're fucking holes in my logo for some reason. And I'm like, were there and you can see them. That's fucking weird man. No. Oh no, I'm a work. I must have bye.
Yeah.
I'm
Uh So how many conversations have you had so far on this? Uh
O. J. Wow.
Oh yeah. I think this is my 4th 1. You've been getting the monies?
So what do you do for a living I guess?
no. Yeah.
That's cool.
Mhm
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm doing from home so it's been interesting for sure.
Yeah, that's true. Um yeah, just like I go to bed super late and my first class is like like 12 pm. So I roll out of it, I just jump on the computer, it's all good.
you take that?
Oh I'm studying design but
I don't
I don't know what design um currently maybe going towards graphic design for its like I also yeah, I also liked a design just like things on clothes or shoes and things like that. Yeah.
kind of
like, I think we like we work with like a lot of the adobe like you know the creative suite. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh This semester I'm just like trying to explore like different fine arts areas. Um For example like currently taking a computer animation cross, which is pretty interesting. Yeah, I'm working in Maya if you know that program.
it's very difficult. Like I'm using I'm using the program on like such a dinky computer
and pretty hard.
That's true.
That's true.
Construction.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I'm living off campus this year, so.
Yeah, the bathroom situation. Um and we all freshmen had to live on campus last year and yeah, it was great. Uh huh. True
Blue.
Hi
guys.
Yeah. Um Yeah sometimes the meal plans were fine and the meal is okay but other times
it's just like why?
Yeah. Oh my pictures of you.
Oh yeah. I don't know.
That's weird.
It would.
Uh huh. Yeah. Away from SAm Right. Uh I guess where are you based or are you from?
My family is from Houston and I'm studying in Philly. Yeah. Yeah.
Um Oh my gosh, so new york new york city or what part? Oh no. Oh my gosh. I saw videos of like biden won and everyone talking their car.
Yeah. My son pretty interesting. Philly was very excited for that. Um I was,
especially since it was pennsylvania. That was the last vote um to get them over.
Um What do you like to do for fun? Mhm.
You know?
Yeah, that's good. That's good. Yeah. Um I just, I like, I do love art because design
and
yeah. Um Oh my God. I mean recently got into skateboarding, I can only do an Ollie. Uh which
is
Yeah. Um Yeah. Uh huh. What kind of shows do you watch on netflix?
hmm.
really good show.
Yeah. Have you, have you watched Queen's Gambit?
It's good. It's um it's about this like how did you chest like I noticed
the sounds you're like
yeah, it was a really interesting show. I think it's pretty new and like, I don't know a lot of people were talking about me and my roommate sweet like watch, we like bench the entire show and like a
night.
Uh huh. Do you have a favorite bro?
A show Just like in general like you have
to be on that or movie.
yeah, I watched that last year. Uh Yeah, that was pretty interesting. It
was getting
Yeah. So do you like more movies?
Yeah. I think I'm like a really like thrillers. His friends. So like
Oh no, I, I don't like jump scares. I think these are cheap. Yeah. I'm like, come on. It's like, it's like more dramatic. I need like something super suspenseful. That
bill
good. Yeah, girl is good. Um, Shelter Island is a great movie sends lambs, things like that. So I guess more the, I mean, I don't know how old news all like pretty good.
yeah. Um, yeah,
for those, I, I mean, man, I just think HBO has like the best show. So I like, you know, Gareth johnson like you for it and like this world was good too. Um, Ayman Thrones was very, uh, so disappointing last season, but okay, it happens. Yeah. Yeah. Mm
Mhm
and Philly. Um, I guess everyone isn't happier moves inspired and one just like the usual. Um, in terms of covid, you know, everyone, most people ask, sometimes I go out and I speak frat boys just like wearing the mask, like under their nose or like not at all and I'm just like a little annoyed, but it happens I guess. Um
yeah, yeah, I try to, I let myself going out to Center city on the weekends. Uh things like that, house a house, um new york,
start,
new
study belong to lift. Yeah. Sorry?
Yeah.
yeah, I think enough. Um
yeah. Uh huh.
Oh yeah briefing, can you play the game?
Ah yeah, uh if you have a switch, I think my friend has been trying to get me to play Haiti's, which is apparently a really good game, but I've gotten to it.
um
favorite foods. Mhm man.
yeah, there is always a better uh
you
know,
up next.
Yeah, I wow, you actually go for the raw ingredients, That's good. I kind of just like get a box and go
Yeah
that's cool. Yeah I just man my diet has been so bad there.
Um Man I love hot pot. Yeah that is so good. So now now that's like getting into winter it'll be better outside.
yeah we've done it a couple times that are at our place so far and it's been really well, it's
100.
I don't know what happened, I have no idea, no idea.
there's all needs, everything needs a little just a little bit of spice. Yeah.
I'm gonna
Mhm. Yeah please split it right down at all and then we go there. Yeah I need I think two of my roommates are like they're like they're a little bit more mild there like I need some plus what I'm like Oh Good three More for so.
Music.
Yeah actually even come from texas, I like cannot stand country music, it's like I'll listen to anything except for country. I just I don't know what it is.
That's
true now
like country has been blended pop music
and kind of like you know, mixed together. But yeah, I'm just like, oh man, get me out.
Yeah, it's always like that like trucks, beer girls.
What?
Mhm. Well based on my wall I have I have a lot
of lot of stuff. Um I really love Lana del Rey just like my favorite artists of all time. I know I'm just like those people and
then I love um Class animals are pretty good class animals but also have uh
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. And then I also listen to. Mhm. two ft. Um Yeah, I like I like his music. Oh and tame impala can't go around there just like more alternative things I guess, that kind of mainstream also.
Yeah. Um Yeah and I really love sad
songs. I I don't know. It
doesn't. Yeah.
I don't know, just like man when I get to as long as just
like so good to me. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Um Okay, well since you've had seven conversations already which is the one that like is the weirdest, stands out the most like in the best way for like the worst way, I don't know.
Whoa, that's cool.
Yeah. That's cool. That's just me because I I lost conversation was with a japanese or she he was getting his d in japanese politics. And so we knew so much about, we like our conversations about japan, it
was like, it was like a person you wouldn't expect. Like he was like a play, just like ginger man. I was like, oh well
I got a whole ass career for him there. Yeah, Yeah. And then I met like I talked to this, I think it was awkward because I think his english wasn't the best. I think he was from Nigeria. Yeah, so hard to understand him. I felt kind of bad that I couldn't
understand what you say.
Oh my God, dude, I felt so bad. I was like, I don't, I can't and his and his videos a little bit Laghi, so all right.
I was like, wow, this is not well, yeah, we got 25, it's fine. Yeah,
No. Yeah, but overall, uh these conversations have been pretty interesting. I mean people
sure
for sure. Oh man. I also wonder what they're collecting.
Well,
oh God, it's
so
crazy.
Oh my gosh.
mapping our facial structures and then being like, oh yes, this is you robots, this is exactly what you're supposed to do when this happens.
sure
man. I it's actually pretty crazy like with deep fakes everything.
Very,
yeah, it's getting pretty scary. Oh well goes on, we'll see what happens. I just feel like kind of misinformation from now on, it's going to get like really crazy from here.
System.
Mhm.
Yeah there was, I think it was a couple or maybe a year ago or so, but like this bank, this one company I got scammed because they use like uh someone like got a sample of their CEO voice and they're able
to call them with the company. Did you hear about that? Yeah. That's crazy.
Mhm. Yeah.
Okay.
I guess I was told by the minister. Yeah, definitely one of the harder conversations I had. Okay. But yeah. All right. Cool. Hope you have a cool last day.