Hi, can you, can you hear me?
Okay. So how do we know how long we talked for? We just timing it.
I
thought
profit
guests
not
because
All right.
originally from Illinois, Born and raised in Chicago, um, went to undergrad there too, but moved out to Los Angeles. Um, probably like five years ago. So yeah. Where are you from?
How do you like Oregon?
Yeah, we got definitely some, some ash in the air. I would, yeah.
Um, they told us not to go outside for a long period of time, can't work out outside or run or anything. Uh, yeah,
I was thinking about um, moving to Portland while back just seems like a fun area, but I don't know. I've never been to tell her again
recommended
I
found everything really
Yeah, that's, that's what I, that's the impression
I got.
So
are you?
yeah, I've always been in big cities except uh, during my undergraduate, I went to University of Illinois. Over. Yeah, it's in Champagne Illinois, which is like middle of nowhere. Yeah,
so big city outside of those four years.
Um I originally went to school for Information Systems now. I'm trying to get my masters for computer science, so.
Yeah,
now,
Well, yeah, I feel that I thought uh, maybe I thought I didn't like kids that much for a while, but um, then I ended up being a camp counselor. I kind of just fell into that for like 3 to 5 year olds. And uh,
yeah, ended up really liking them and it was shocking. I didn't know kids or um, I don't know, so developed at that age, like they can carry on full conversations and ask you how you're doing and everything. I was just shocked by that.
Yeah, I used to tell them it would blow their minds. I used to say I was born in the 19 hundreds
and I'd be like,
yeah, they're like, you're lying. You're lying.
Well, you know, I promise. Oh
yeah, they were there good. But yeah, kids are, Kids are interesting. I couldn't imagine, um, actually teaching them and being in charge of like trying to educate a bunch of, um, kids, especially if they're like middle school or high school would be off.
we can talk back.
I don't know. I'm so happy. I graduated before, uh, Covid hit.
I'm hearing, um, on my college campus now, they have like a saliva test. So students have to get tested three times a week now.
Yeah. But people in my campus are still really stupid. So lots of parties. Uh, bars are still open. We're still going to bars.
I don't get it.
Well
um I have not really would like to travel preferably go to France first. I studied french for like four years high school so and interested in that. Have you been out of the country hey?
What?
Oh that's awesome.
Where do you go in Mexico?
Okay. I've only really heard about like Cancun for um vacationing and stuff. Mhm.
like
it's not.
Yeah. Okay I get that, that's pretty nice then. Yeah.
that's what my dad was telling me like um I think he was in Norway or something and a beer and a burger costs like 60 bucks or
something.
Outrageous. Yeah.
Why?
Can't
around you.
Yeah I wish
Yeah I think I just want to go all over. I've been really interested in hearing more about leon there are a lot of life. Yeah a lot of old stories that my french teachers would tell me and just lots of history. Um I'm really interested in seeing like old architecture specifically. I really want to go to Germany for that too and check out the cathedrals. Just very pretty.
Well
That's incredible.
Yeah but I heard the billionaires got it covered the french billionaires. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh wow. Um I do wanna also travel the parts of Asia too. Really interested in seeing um south Korea. It's very pretty.
I used to be um when I was like in middle school I used to be really really into K. Pop and I was really an anime too and it's just so obsessed with like Korea and Japan. I wanted to go there and live there so I'm no longer like that into K POP so watch anime though. But um still stuck. Still want to go to, want to go to those places. Pretty bad
home.
What kind of,
what other food food are you into? Wow.
Do you cook
wallet
Yeah, that's awesome. I like cooking but um definitely not any, any sort of chef. My best friend is a pastry chef though.
So
God she tells me like just the environment in the kitchen is so brutal cut throughout her chefs and just that whole culture is very very rough to be
in.
Gosh I couldn't imagine I hate being yelled at or anything but her chefs just yelled at her like what are you doing? That looks awful. It's stupid. Yeah.
I think she did cry a few times
so
what
I mean mean mean chefs?
Um Pretty much action mostly. Um Like my favorite of all time is called you you hack a show general you've ever heard of it? Do
you watch any? Yeah.
Of
course
those are the big ones. So I was meeting a girl.
no I think I saw the preview for that. Was that on netflix?
it seemed crazy. Um I don't know if you've heard of it, have you seen the boys
of
on amazon Prime? It's not inanimate, it's just a it's a superhero shell but it's pretty good.
Gosh it's like heroes but they're all kind of bad, I'm awful at explaining things
but
yeah what kind of shows are you into?
Five.
I
don't want
you agree.
it is
Yeah I need to do that.
More Sharks.
like the the original.
I haven't seen it. Yeah, like 20 years probably.
Mhm But just recently watch something on netflix called Jeff You um
yeah about Galya debt. I don't know if you've heard of that university, It's a deaf university but is yeah, pretty interesting. Uh little serious. I couldn't tell if it was like reality or scripted or a mixture of both but interesting having like a fully death show.
My
South,
have you heard of cuts on netflix? Yeah, with all that drama, it looks so weird. I didn't watch it, but God, it looks so weird.
yeah, I saw like one scene where they were dancing and it was just like uh close ups. I don't know if I can sit through this.
It's weird.
it's
not absolutely so um you have a wife,
How long have you been married
Also how'd you guys meet?
awesome. That's great. I'm not I'm not married, I just have a boyfriend. Yeah.
Um not that long. I'm I'm almost 23. So um we met when I graduated, so december of last year, met right at the end of college, yep.
almost a year. Covid is help though. I think so. I think Covid either will help relationships a lot or it will just absolutely nuke them from
my
experience.
I
know,
yeah, I know two couples that have that have broken up long very long term couples but
it is but it was also their first time living together. So.
you're already like used to being around them, but. Uh huh. It's good though. Do you have any any pets
boubou
no.
Oh my god, that's awesome.
How
old?
How old is it?
That's awesome.
Why don't you like it? Mhm.
That's so cute all
of that.
Me too. Does it have
like a goat diet?
Where
they just no or they just just eat anything?
Yeah.
I just like
girl.
Yeah I have I have just 11 dog, 10 year old toy poodle. Yeah. I know bearded dragon. That bearded dragon could probably beat the crap out of my poodle. So
I
don't know why, wow. I don't know why I just imagined they were huge
but
that's
a foot long.
I see them like they feed them a ton of bugs. Like specific bugs and spiders and stuff. That would be the only upside them killing all the spiders.
That
would be appealing.
Uh huh Me too. Gosh I hate him.
And
we get
sam
yeah she's not afraid
of him.
I can't
imagine, I can't imagine not being afraid of spiders. But I have or we have black widows out here so I hate seeing that even if they're outside I just nope this is their this is their outside area now not going here.
Yeah.
Um Probably not. I usually would probably be in Chicago and hang out with some friends for Halloween but I don't think
and there aren't that many kids in my area so I doubt it will be much going on in my neighborhood.
What about
you?
Oh gosh. Yeah. Uh huh. I haven't carved a pumpkin in a long time.
Oh wow. Do you are you good at it? Do you make them like fancy?
But
that's good, it still counts. Oh
yeah definitely. Um You into pumpkin pie at all?
Oh wow, me neither. But that's like very very very
rare
to
find.
I don't like turkey
for the same reason, it's so dry, I can't deal with it.
Yeah for him I
usually
just yeah just eat the other stuff. Um I'm not a pie person in general though I found I don't really like pie. Um
That yeah absolutely cake is everything especially ice cream cake that's the best.
it's a good thing to love. I've only met one person who doesn't like it and I just wouldn't trust them with anything.
Yeah.
Yeah. How much time?
um pretty much anything but like my main playlist is full of a lot of like classic rock stuff. What about you?
boy.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Who's uh some of your favorite artists
saying? Yeah,
Um of course Queen love Queen have a a really big soft spot for journey and bon Jovi got a huge, huge
soft spot for one direction. Yeah.
Yeah, I grew up on them, like I remember when I was a kid, I hated them when I was like oh boy band because I was really into like M. O. And seeing music at the time, I was like, oh there's this boy band
and then I listened, yeah, I listen to one song and I get this like rush of feelings and I'm like what's going on? What's going on? Like my brain can't take it. And then I was a fan of One direction suddenly.
that was an awful time.
I remember um I was a sophomore and I was in my, my english class and I read that so my phone and I was checking twitter, I read that Zayn left one direction and I was just like everything stopped, my
heart sank, I had
to go to the bathroom and I was like crying in the stall that was like this is over, I hate this life stocks.
But
Yeah. What got me through? It was Stephen Hawking saying that in an alternate universe Zain was still in one direction, so
mm.
Nice talking to you too. Did
we go
over? We go over the time? A little bit
Have
a good day.