Yeah, I can. Can you hear me? Perfect. Well
yeah, I got a stopwatch going right now so we can start going. I thought we were
supposed
to have topics for this,
but um,
it doesn't
look
like it. Mhm.
so where are you from? Uh huh,
Uh I'm from Oregon. I'm from Eugene. Yeah. Um yeah, I was born and raised in Oregon in southern Oregon, so Uh
I really love it. Um the weather is really good. Um we just recently had a bunch of wildfires though. Um it was really bad, like, I don't know if you saw the pictures where the like whole sky was orange and crazy. Yeah, it was like that for like a week and a half. It was wild ash covering everything. It was so there are some downsides to Oregon, but California's similar.
Yeah.
mm.
It's really cool. Most of Oregon doesn't have much, but Portland is just like really amazing.
Just really cool town.
Everyone's
Portland, so.
that's right.
So are
you like
love big city sort of thing? Have you always been in big cities?
Yeah, I never heard of it.
What did you go to school for?
cool. That sounds fun. Um,
I went to the university of Oregon and I got a history degree so I was, I was going to be a teacher, but then I decided I don't really like kids, so it didn't, didn't work out.
It's a little different in concept than in practice.
yeah.
Yeah. And it's kind of wild the different perspectives that they have, Like just seeing the world from a different lens is really cool.
Why
to my God,
that's
pretty funny.
fully developed wanting to do their own thing. It's kind of tough to guide them.
Oh yeah, I couldn't imagine doing it all online too with a huge class. Like how do you even manage people? It would be impossible.
Oh yeah, it's a nightmare.
at least you're tracking it and got something to go off of.
Yeah, it's the same here. We've had like 100 cases at our college and it's like where all the cases in our community is like, yeah, just because the parties and stuff just yeah, I just can't stop a party. Yeah. Mhm.
neither do I. Um but I can definitely see a lot of people who do not care. So yes. Um
have you ever been outside the country,
my high school graduation my parents took me on like a couple of weeks tour
of europe. So
and then I've been to Mexico a couple of times. I love Mexico. Yeah I probably Germany was really fun to go to but Mexico is just amazing. Just the beauty of the environment, there is really killer.
Um We went to Manzoni Oh so it's kind of like on the west coast um Yeah it's kind of hard for me to describe. But yeah just on the west coast about halfway down Mexico.
if you go to like smaller places that are like less tourists like it can be dangerous of course. But um it's really cool and the people are really nice especially when they don't see like uh you know tourist very often like it's really cool to have like to go there and like spending money there feels better because it's like helping people there. I don't know it's kind of weird but but the impact of like a dollar
there
is more than here. So
unlike in europe when I went there like everything was so expensive and I felt like okay well I can't I can't afford this $20 sandwich here. Thank you very much.
I
have.
Yeah that's the food industry over there is just so much more expensive. But
they have a lot of people who have like actual careers out of like being waiters and different stuff like that so there's
benefit
to it. Yeah.
So what part of France would you want to go to like paris or southern France sir there?
Yeah. Yeah. All their architecture is really cool. Have you heard about I hate I can't pronounce it ever. Notre dom Notre dame. The movie gets me so bad. I like it ruined my life. Um But
I was reading an article about it and they're doing all the like old school construction styles on it. It's really cool just using all tools like period tools and stuff.
Yeah. I mean it's so huge. That has got a cost an insane amount of money to rebuild.
that's true. Yeah.
Sounds like it to me.
I'm really into food so I love like korean
food. It's one of my favorite cooking. So yeah,
beer.
like doing all kinds of stuff. Um I actually,
yes I was I've been working as a chef until recently so I was,
yeah, I've done a lot of cooking. It was it was kind of like a upscale grocery store so it wasn't like I was like working in a restaurant or anything, I was more producing food to cool down and sell cold but still it was really fun.
That
is so difficult. Yeah.
It
can be really hostile at points, like it is very hard for anyone coming into it who doesn't know what they're doing like intentionally. So it sucks. Yeah.
Yeah, I'd probably start crying if that happened. I mean, I'm sorry. Mhm.
No,
I could, I can imagine. Yeah, it's a tough situation,
a lot of stress.
Yeah. What kind of animal do you like?
No,
I watch anime, but it's like so like filtered through like uh Western media sources that I only get like, I've only seen like Dragon Ball Z in one piece and like death note and like just kind of basic
sort
of stuff. So
I was watching this crazy one where it's like gambling school where they're battling gamble that I don't know if you've seen it. It blew my mind. This lady picked out her eye because she was so into, it was so weird.
Yeah. Yeah, that one was on that for next time. One was that was something else
boys
now,
what's it about? Haven't heard anything, you don't know.
that's
fine.
What have I been watching?
I've been watching the
great
british
bake off, I love that show, so calming.
Um other than that, I haven't really been watching much lately, I don't know why I've been just kind of not watching tv,
I watched charlotte
web the other day. Uh huh
Yeah, the original, I haven't seen that since I was like a little kid and I'm like I want to go down nostalgia lane here, it was pretty fun.
No
deaf. You okay?
Yeah, that's really interesting. I haven't really seen anything like that.
Different perspective is kind of cool. Yeah. To check
that out.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh My wife watched it. It was yeah, she she's like oh it was it was strange.
It would
make me far too uncomfortable, I just don't want I just want to be like no it's not my
thing,
I do, yes,
three years dating for six. So
uh we worked at a grocery store together down in southern Oregon and then I would come back during the summers um and work there because I was going to U. Of O. So I would go from northern Oregon down to southern Oregon and so I'd see her every three months and then she eventually moved and went to the U. Of 02 so now we're both in Eugene and then we can live together and stuff, so it's all nice.
How long have you been dating?
Hey, that's still a good amount of time though. That's quite a while to get to know someone
can put a lot
of stress
on it. Yeah. Yeah. I
hear the
divorce rates going up and stuff.
That's sad.
That makes it hard when you can see like very little people other than the person you're living with. Yeah.
My wife has a bearded dragon which
is a lizard from Australia. It is like an albino.
Not an albino one but it's like a fancy one. So it's like orange colored and stuff.
I don't like
it.
She loves it, but that's fine.
A few years old. Three years. I think they live like about like a dog so like 10 15 years. Yeah.
It's really
it's kind of creepy to me. It's all scaly and skittering and most of the time it just like lays down and wants to sleep all day and that's like it's life.
It's,
it's crazy for the lizard will eat though. It eats like basil and plant, like it eats everything. It's kind of wild. I thought it would be like really specific like bugs. But no.
like
a goat diane greatest of all
time.
like garbage disposal. Oh no, I'm like, what are you talking about? Um
Yeah, kind of, it can't eat certain things like it can't eat too many fruits or to like ruin its digestive system or something. It's like
weird how it like poops because it like encases it in a sack or something. So it's like,
what? I don't know, some weird stuff. I don't know. That's not my part. What about you? Do you have any cuts?
Probably not. It's maybe this big and that's including the tail, so it's pretty small. Yeah,
maybe
It's not like
those
iguanas.
I've been to people's houses who have iguanas and it is frightening. I don't want to be anywhere near that thing.
Cut
up.
That's true. That would be very beneficial. I really hate spiders.
Like I'll freak
out
and scream
my wife come and kill it.
Perfect.
No, no, not, not too bad. So it works
out.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just try not to mess with them. Um
Are you begin to Halloween? Are you going to celebrate Halloween this year?
Well, you can't really, it's kinda hard.
I'm just
gonna,
I'm just gonna buy candy and eat it myself. Going to carve a pumpkin by myself, so it'll be great. I'll have a good time.
Super fun. I do it every year.
Sometimes. I'm not very artistic,
but I like trying hard, so sometimes they'll come up with some good ideas that don't turn out quite right, so I get like halfway there.
I have fun making it more than looking at it afterwards anyway.
Oh, don't like pumpkin pie.
it's
very
rare
off my family. Every holiday, it's pumpkin pie every holiday and I hate it. I'm like, okay. Oh with dry turkey. Oh, this is fantastic. Great.
Oh me neither.
It's like why can't we just have like a nice roast chicken? Let's like roast two chickens, we call it. Good way to taste. Way better.
ham.
It's
More cake.
Every one of my childhood birthdays was a dairy cream, dairy queen ice cream cake. Sound. I love ice cream came.
Mhm. No their opinions invalid. Mhm.
Um
We have like two minutes. What kind of music do you like?
um I'm yeah I'm all over the place so I'll go you know classic
rock um A lot of alternative hip hop. Um
Yeah
so
pink Floyd definitely. Um I don't know it's kind of hard I listen to such a variety that it's kind of hard to pin it down.
What about you? What are something that you like?
Three.
Okay.
blame.
Yeah my wife loves them. Didn't they like break up? Yeah.
So sad. Yeah.
Fuck.
no
that
that's so at least they're doing their own thing and making some music.
Hey whatever gets you throw. Okay
well we hit our time. It was nice talking to you.
Have
one.
Yeah, we did by like a minute so we should have a good buffer there. Cool, we'll have a good
day.
Bye.