Oh, how are you?
I am not good. Glad it's friday. Mhm.
Oh nice. Um Is it college? How nice is it now remote because of Covid? Or are you still doing like in person?
goodness. You know? No, it's a weird, I'm like
working from home still and I have been since March and it's just weird. My dog likes it though, so she's not too long.
Very sure. What kind of dogs do you have?
Oh my gosh, I've never heard of the 2nd 1. I know what it should be. But I have
I have a boxer lab. So she gets lots of walks now during the day, so she's very happy. She's actually like she's right here. Just creeping. See I there's a little nose always right by me,
Oh my gosh, what a cutie! So
floppy.
That's funny. Yeah, minds like £60. I'm not gonna lift her. She's Yeah.
All
those spots.
So what are you studying in school?
Oh, very fancy. What do you like want to do?
So
you're in a good field for covid right now to like, you know the medical will be there bendable. No, that's
crazy. Are you guys like studying anything covid related? Like have they changed it at all?
I bet that is like from the medical side because obviously I only hear what's like the doctors and then what they tell the politicians and then the news people. So who knows what really is like what was said or what actually works. But the studies are really interesting. Like I'm hopeful for the vaccine. So we'll see how it comes.
I know, I know some definitely like a once in a lifetime kind
of event that happened like I can't believe so I live in Kentucky and all of our stuff just shut down again. Um So it's just interesting like, You know, I've just never lived through anything like this since like 9, 11,
but I was a little different. I was a kid.
My gosh, you
don't even remember it.
That's funny on my 11th birthday, so
I'll never forget it. It was not a good birthday, but it's fine. Yeah.
and my
lucky number is nine. So like Little
Creek.
I know I know that that's how I can always like keep track. Like I'll be 31 next year. So I know it's a 20 year anniversary. So hard job
In
my
21st was the 10 years. So you know,
I
usually
like give it that day,
I'll do like the weekend before or after. But Yeah. Crazy.
No.
Um so I'm a marketing specialist, so I do like graphic design, social media, that kind of stuff. So. Her
up. Yeah, it's for an insurance broker though and I know nothing about like healthcare insurance to like kind of the medical field, but I just make flyers, I have no idea what I'm writing about. So.
No,
it's
so confusing and the one thing I like learned about like the insurance world is one and one should equal to, but it never does, like there's a reason it equals 345678 and it's just it's really fun. I love it. Yeah. Um I used to work for a hockey team actually. Um like in charleston
south Carolina and that was really fun. Um I did like we had a giant mascot with like he was a giant sting right? And I would take him all around town. Um and like so it's definitely like a little bit of a different pace, but I prefer this because you had to work like game days and stuff, so this is definitely more 9-5 Monday through Friday. But yeah,
no it was interesting. Do you like any sports
but
or you used to be, did you just get like overwhelmed with it or was there you don't have to answer my questions by the way if they're
your personal.
Oh that's really interesting because I could not be more opposite. I'm extremely, what's the word, clumsy? I cannot play anything. Um So I wanted to be a sports broadcaster when I was growing up, so that's why so involved. But I know it's interesting. What about music, What kind of music do you listen to?
Okay, okay, me too. I know it's hard to like pinpoint and also I feel like when people ask you it's like I can't
even name one song right now that I even like at this moment or like
Yeah. Or like my favorite movie, I can't even think of one movie name right now. I have no idea. Are
you
watching anything interesting like on netflix or anything?
Well
watch and
then how are you not doing your schoolwork? That's usually the # one excuse.
Dave.
Oh my gosh, that's funny. Are you like in a warm weather place or is it kind of cold?
good. Yeah, maybe you're like outside all the time then.
Mhm. It's getting cold hair so we will not. Oh
Yeah, I'm like on the Cincinnati side um sort of like technically the Midwest but we do get snow um right now it's like 65 so I'll take it but it was just like 42, that's the high for the last few days. Um so right now it's very up and down. Um like I think we're supposed to get snow next weekend, but then it's like 70 this weekend, so who knows? But like winter gets kind of cold, it could be worse. It's not as bad as like Chicago. Um But I'm from south Carolina originally, so it's definitely worse. I'm not used to the snow, I don't like it, but yeah.
Are they from what area?
into,
I like name the big ones that. Okay. Greenville Colombia,
honey.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's most of the like out of the city. Yeah, I was born and raised in south Carolina, so I love it. There actually was just home, I went like down for a month and got to work from home with my family because we're not doing holiday stuff this year. Um So that was really fun to just get the, like there are where I'm from, the pools clothes and everything, but down there there always open. Um So it was really nice getting like a beach again and
however.
Um Yeah, I have a younger sister. I don't know why I hesitated so much on that. Um She's two years younger. What about you? Are you an only child or you have some?
She
told me where she just graduated.
Mhm.
I'm watching a real housewives show right now or it's in Maryland, it's in potomac right outside of Dc. So yeah, that's fun. I really like
Maryland. My step mom's from there. Excuse my dog, if you see me, like my arm moving, she's being needy right now. Um Yeah, I really like Maryland. It's a cool place. Where does she live at over there?
There, so I can't
like list capital. So I totally get it. Like, I just think of the places that I went in that state um like capital for sure.
I would suggest waiting after winter depending on where she's at in Maryland. They sometimes get like, I think they have like a river or a lake that runs through like at least Baltimore I think does, and it gets cold from what I've heard, like the Baltimore harbor. Um So I would not do that.
Where
are you like by one of the like Austin Dallas or Houston?
I'm
near Dallas and not like, I feel like everyone's a cowboys fan and you're like in Dallas amount of cowboys, man. That's crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. That is crazy. I,
yeah, I'm biased on that, but
they
I know, but it's interesting because my my sister and my step dad are Dallas fans, but my stepdad's from Oklahoma, so like this makes sense, but my sisters
from south Carolina, so like how she became a Dallas fan, I don't know, but I'm a Pittsburgh fan and that doesn't make any sense right now either. So
my mom was just a Pittsburgh fan. Um she also never lived there, but she was like an army brat. So she, when she was growing up just went all over the place and I think one of the places she was stationed was in pennsylvania somewhere and so she was just a Steelers fan. So like growing up, I just followed what she did and then it just, it's stuck, I'm actually looking at moving to Pittsburgh soon, so talk about winter, I do not want to do that part, but it's pretty bad.
Yeah, they're like on the corner of three rivers, so like I heard the water just makes it that much worse, but it's fine, we'll do it. Yeah,
because
um probably finding something new
just because my
where I work now is like a small company, so I don't know their remote right now and have been like, I don't know once Covid is over, I have a feeling that like move us back to the office, so I don't think they would let me work remotely, but who knows? Maybe this is just how it will be for a few years now.
No, I'm it's like out and I haven't really done anything, so it'll be nice to get like normal suit back, but
know
all the places I've gone to, our like matt interesting, like I had to go get my flu shot or like go pick up a quick grocery trip or you know, nothing like, okay, I can tell you last time you did something like fun. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I know the holidays are going to be weird just like thanksgiving and christmas without feeling like thanksgiving and christmas. I don't know like my trees up, but I don't feel like I'm not gonna buy myself presents to put under the tree so you know,
afraid maybe I'll do that and give my dog some stuff to open. But yeah, maybe my family will send stuff and I'll just like save it for christmas day. But you know, I know it's just think because we have like traditions like we watch harry potter every year so like that stinks that it will be I guess I can still do it but like alone and then thanksgiving. Like I usually have a friend's giving type of thing, but we're obviously not doing that this year, so Yeah, just a weird time. For sure.
So are you like, were you always doing online school or like you were in person at some point?
Yeah, I would feel really bad for the college kids because you can't even like it so much in college. Like going out, going even to your library to study. You're grabbing a lunch, going to class. I couldn't. I'm really glad I'm really sorry for you. But
no.
I know, it just like you guys are getting the like colleges, you know the study, but there's also the fun. I feel like you guys are just stuck with the study and none of the fun. Like who wants to go to school just to do school, but I sure didn't. Oh. Oh, I know. Hopefully. Are you like is it your senior year? Do you have a few more years left?
good.
So hopefully things will be more normal and like then you can get more you know go out with a bang. So it's not like your graduation or anything that would stink.
That would be really weird. Yeah. I don't know how they would do that. Especially if you have to sit there for like hours one was a really long graduation from
when I went. So I don't know that would really stink. Does your school have like a football team or anything?
It's just one thing I know so we're playing in some are so I was just curious.
Okay. Yeah I know you t is fine I think maybe.
I don't know. I
know,
I'm
pretty
they are. I feel like I've seen the horns out and about so right there. The longhorns.
yeah, yeah. I'm only, I'm not good with texas. I've only been to Austin, I'm supposed to go to Dallas actually this past year for the Steelers cowboys game, but they obviously we did not, that was not the time to find the guys.
I
know.
I
know. I
think I'm in one of the, I'm like right on the border like so Kentucky's shut down and then Ohio is right here and I live right here so it's like Kentucky restaurants are shut down but I can go to Ohio and like everything is fine and still open so it's a weird like I'm in the bad but like I can travel for the good if I wanted but like that's the most I'd like to travel at this point, but I know it's interesting. Mhm. New
England.
Yeah. And I wasn't like about the 18th something.
I
know but
I guess
like the last generation
had the great depression
so like
But we had the recession, that's what they say. It's like in 2007 we had a bad like that was our once in a lifetime. So we're just lucky we get to
once in a lifetime things. But
I know hopefully we're just done like our generations are just done and run to the next ones and you know good luck.
I know. It's crazy that when they're doing like all the studies because everyone like a lot more have been working from home and they are saying like that's helping like it's a lot easier. It's just so crazy like I know we're contributing. Um I know I am. I drive every day to work but it's just sad like I would love to stop.
Yeah. I know. I actually just band like plastic bags at our grocery store I think like all in Cincinnati yeah like a major change so they haven't implemented it yet. I think it's for like 20, So that would be interesting and hopefully helpful like where I live, they don't even do recycling so I don't know. Yeah. I don't know how much helpful I can be but.
yeah. No let me just have like the trash cans you put out. But. Uh huh.
Um I paint a little bit like because when we were like in lockdown I did like these paint by numbers um from amazon and they're really fun. Um Then like a few of those I'll show you what, but actually I gave them all out his gifts when I went home. Um I like playing with my dog. That's about it. What about you?
Listen.
That's funny. Yeah, I don't have like any symptoms at my house, but like my friends and I would do a virtual game night and we played like Jack box um extremist groups, which I I don't know how to do any of that. I just watched the twitch version, but so we do that, so it's really fun to just play. Um And I have like some phone games of like Sudoku and stuff, but that's
it is fun. So I have one, it's like a daily puzzle that gives you every day. Um And one is like the normal Sudoku and then one is like a Math Sudoku, I don't know if you've seen this, but you have like in the box, it's like outlined of like a number and you have to use the numbers within the box to reach that number. So it's even harder. It's really interesting. I hate that one when I get it though. It's like too much work on alright. And by morning. But that's like one of those brain tests things or something. But no, I wish I gave you like question props
for this. Like what's your favorite color? What's your favorite color? Oh,
well
no, this like, it would be helpful if they have like This one We did. Mhm.
Maybe that's like what they're studying, like what questions do people go to? Like, we talked about the weather
and covid
our dogs.
What
was
it during Covid? So, wow. And you didn't talk about it once. That's crazy.
For like
good
stuff. Yeah. Because it's different than like how, because it's not really affecting me per say besides, I'm just working from home, but for you guys. Yeah,
we're just curious.
I don't know. I just got lucky. Like my job is not like I know a lot of people have been laid off or like had to reduce hours so mine hasn't really, all we've had to do is work from home. That's really been the only change. Um But for, I mean, I was just so social and college, like I couldn't imagine, you know, be at a bar like every night and I would not during covid. Absolutely not. So,
Oh, I see them. I've seen them nine lb Cincinnati all the time. But
I know. Yeah. I've seen like I watch my colleges football games
and I see people like without mask like they'll take their mass down to talk and I'm just like, that is at the point. Uh any of this. Okay, Sure. Bottom.
But no, that's why I'm so curious
about
the
college because for them I've read like they can only apply for one football game. So like when I went to school, you could go to as many football games as you wanted. Um But for them, they have to choose the one game they want to go to and then that's it for the whole season so that they can be spread out for covid. So I just couldn't imagine.
I'm coming sec school though, so like we take football seriously. You know,
I went to the University of south Carolina. Yeah.
Oh, that's a nice shoes. Yeah.
It's a really good school. I loved it.
Get
all
the money you can,
like it has a surplus. No.
And
Yeah. Well, how long have you been doing this for?
25 minutes. So I feel like,
yeah. Well, it's been a pleasure. Good luck with school.
You choked by to your puppies.
Bye.
You do
that.