Hello.
I'm good, how are you doing,
My Fridays would get better, but I pushed off all my school, so, so have a lot of work to do.
It's all remote. Yeah, thankfully. Yeah.
And.
my dogs love it here. My mom's in home and one of our dogs is always with her now. It seems much happier.
I was shiatsu and a wire haired pointing griffon.
he's a so I was gonna say he's a hunting dog, so Yeah.
Yeah. No, I was same for my window Kyoga. Okay. She's a lot easier booth. Oh, she's been a little bit complete. There we go.
this is
not well,
No, that's okay. She's just a little £15 dog, so
she's
not as bad.
I'm a bio major.
Um I'm pretty mid, so I want to go to med school, all that stuff, you know, all that fun
stuff.
thankfully.
um I took a, it was like a medical administration class. Yeah, I'm not going to administration, but I don't know why I took it, but when Covid did start happening, we did go into it a lot. So that was actually interesting to learn about. Mm.
Yeah. Soon enough.
Black.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, I was I think 3-9
11.
No. So
It
That's crazy. Actually. 11th birthday on 9 11. That's even
and
might
have to, might have to change that
some way to
remember
it.
Yeah. It's one way to celebrate your
birthday.
Great.
My.
that makes sense. Yeah. So
what do you do for work?
it's
Well, yeah, I mean insurance is a whole other thing that I don't like how
we have
ourselves.
What happened?
I could get
Um, not much of a sports person anymore, but it
used to be.
No,
you're totally hot. No, I, I played soccer and I don't know, it's just, I enjoyed playing it more than I did watching it or anything. I was never one of those people who like always wanted all the stats of all the pro players or whatever. I just like playing.
I mean all kinds of,
no,
I know. Yeah, it's like put on the spot like, oh, what song would be good, what would I really want to say? You know?
Well
I am
I am actually one of the people who never watched this like television really
so yeah,
not
that's true. Yeah, everyone's always like, I was so busy watching netflix, I mean maybe shaking and I was
like really?
yeah, warm weather. I am in texas.
What?
Okay. What's the uh what's the weather like there anyway? Really?
Yeah, I have some friends in south Carolina so. Uh huh.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, I I went I went to I visited him to
not even that long ago.
Uh It's it's a tiny small
area. Yeah, it's like a very religious to one of those areas.
True, true. That is nice.
Do you have any siblings?
I do. I have an older sister to, she's 23 before. Yeah.
Thank you.
She's been out for a bit. Yeah.
She uh right now is in Maryland now, so I haven't seen her in a bit. Mm.
And
Um That's a good fashion once again when just cities aren't my expertise?
Two.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't actually been to visit her yet either so.
Yeah texas. I love that he not much of a cold person
so
that was, yeah. Yeah, I
was 30 minutes over to us.
I I do remember learning actually cowboys is like number one countries like favorite team, which is crazy to me.
Thank you.
Yeah, they're pretty bad
so I didn't fully understand that logic but
But
Uh huh. It was just like a player you really liked or someone.
Yeah, I can imagine that's just not enjoyable.
Would
you stick with the same job or do you kind of like finding something new
and
what?
Yeah. Hopefully not.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think of like the last time I left the house like to go somewhere. I can't even think of it. I think
we both gone somewhere.
Even just like seeing someone I guess even just that being kind of fun.
Just wrap some boxes and put them underneath.
yeah. Yeah. It's rough. It's the best way to put it. It is just rough,
Yeah, I was in person.
It's I I hear it all the time. I'm actually in an honor society and like on the national board we have and I hear from like members of what I'm asking, just kind of what are we doing to get through it And
honestly, I don't know what to tell them. It's just that I'm like, listen, we're going to the same stuff, trusted, like we're not in any better position. It
I'm technically a senior, but I'll probably be doing like another year because of how
things are.
Mm Yeah. An online graduation would be weird.
Moment.
I don't know. No.
Right. If I'm actually heard of beauty before, Yeah, I got a Utd so C. T. In Dallas. Yeah.
I
wouldn't be surprised.
That was a
big
part of your school.
Mm hmm. That's right.
No, don't come to texas right now. It
definitely
say it's a bad idea,
would
it?
And
it's it is crazy though. We're going to do this, you know, like when was the last time we had a pandemic for the spanish flu?
So yeah, something like that. And so it's been like a generation didn't experience this and now we're getting it.
It's
though,
you know?
Well,
that's true.
I mean
we
super lucky.
I mean we're really trying to get climate change to focus necessary zoo, so
yeah. Yeah, I know. It is really, there's like an upside date, you know, definitely.
Yeah. That's crazy to think that yes. And have recycling there.
Mhm. Okay. Sad. Give me fun hobbies.
Playing with dog, understand that one definitely agree with that one. She's actually, she's hungry. So yeah, I was like, look and you're like, hey, it's dinner time, right?
Um since, I mean, I like to go outside swimming, we were poor. So it's always fun when we have attempted to do. Yeah. So do all of that. Um I mean I would play like video games, but I haven't played any in a long time because of school. But I mean who doesn't really play video games than it is? It's kind of like really outcast if you don't? Uh huh.
I mean I actually learned to love Syracuse back in like the eighth grade, like I hated it at first but we always had to do At least like two or 3 for my math class like every month and I like really started to enjoy them and say this is a lot of fun.
Department.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I was like, are you talking about the humor second
there?
Yeah. No really, I I like thought about that and I wonder if the reason they don't do that is kind of so you you know you have to come up with it yourself, like what would you do? Yeah.
we
had a really interesting topics. Yeah,
I think yeah, I mean like I've done this is to be the fourth time now. Um I think every single time I've talked about dogs talked about like whether jobs were from only one time. I didn't talk about Covid, which is odd to me.
It was
like,
Yeah, I know it was weird, but it was like, I think it might have been because we were both issues in 1921. It might have been because we're both just like younger I guess because everyone else like I've spoke to, It's like 25 or older always like asked about how is covid affecting us. Imagine
it like
there.
well,
I don't, I don't know. I would think you had a good effect you guys tomorrow because as well like with your jobs and everything and you having like, hey, rent, I'm pretty sure both of us don't really have any payments yet to do. So Covid isn't really directly affecting a specific school. Okay.
Waste your smart enough to not do that. There are people who still do that.
Yeah, stuff like that. Bless you. Stuff like that is very sad
first.
They like go to each other like hold down hangers, it go like, mhm.
Keep
the
spine.
Oh yeah. No, I have no idea about that. Um
True. Where did you go actually?
My, yeah, actually my friend was going to get there. He ended up going to do can stick, But
yeah. Yeah. That was one of those options. They were actually going to pay him to go and
yeah, but he said no, I was like, dude, you're gonna get paid
to go. I was
like,
literally, it's not scholarship at that point there. Clearly paying you, Oh
paid
to go to school, let's say yes to that.
I know I joined it plate because I don't have to tell my hair was a bit wet. Uh I wasn't thinking about the time shower, billy kind. I was like I was doing that. But
yeah we're good to go.
Thank you. Yeah it was nice talking to you,
bye, cheers,
Have a good one.
We