Yeah. Mhm. Thanks. Mhm. Hello?
How
good, how are you
over? Good.
So
Hello, my name is Sherry sharing.
So uh
well I live in Washington State. And my state has been locked down
for since like March. And it's it's really
um No we have grocery shopping
and we're supposed to wear masks but I don't wear one.
And
well there's a medical exemption and I just say I have a medical exemption because I don't want to wear it.
So are you in the United States?
Okay.
Um Yeah, the virus has been in my state since january. We're in
his.
You know? Yeah. My daughter lives in Georgia and it's not really strict there. I mean they were locked down, they were locked down for a while, but now they're kind of living normal life now.
I know. Yeah. I looked today and there's like 1500 people who have died from the virus. And we
have like We have seven million people in my state. So that's less than 1%. Which is the same as for the flu,
Well I started to not trust vaccinations because I didn't know about what Bill Gates did in Africa and India and I just found out about like a month or two ago. And so now I don't vaccine one more.
Yeah. There is a there is a medication called hydroxychloroquine. I think they're talking about about
what?
And they took I think the video was on somewhere and they took the video down because they don't want people to know about it I guess. I don't know.
Yeah.
Uh No I just work from home and I'm planning
to move
very like when this lockdown is over so I can have a grand I have a granddaughter there. so there.
Yeah I used to work in social services and I got burned out by retired. Mhm.
Yeah. I love it.
I know. Oh no. Yeah
I just worked um like I do online work and just watch videos and
yeah I'm kind of an introvert so I don't know uh when I had friends where I used to work but I moved to I I bought this fixer upper a mobile home that I've been working on so that i it keeps me busy
in
your how many kids you have?
So
that's Yeah.
that's
a lot of work. I know.
Yeah my granddaughter is three years old and her husband, he was in the Navy, he got he got out of the Navy and. No he does like um he's a real estate agent and he
uh he stays busy and so they wanted to have another kid but they're not sure if they want to because like even one kid is like I had you know enough to keep you busy so
I don't know.
I know my grandmother, she grew up in a family with 10 kids so you know, you can imagine that
uh yeah most videos like about what's going on with like president trump and I wanna stuff so mhm
I went
yeah, I think he's good for the country. I do, yeah,
I think for our economy is good for our defense, he's good for a lot of things. Uh huh, yep,
how
about you?
Yeah.
Yeah, I hope so, yep.
Well
yeah, yeah, that's what a lot of people are
doing here too. Yeah, yeah,
yeah where I live, um, a lot of people here work in the tech industry, so
people,
So yeah, but a lot of restaurants have close, like forever. Like they will never open
again I guess. I don't know. It's really sad.
Yeah, I do that sometimes. Yeah.
It is, yeah. I belong to a facebook group where I keep track of things that are going on in my state and somebody will look down there. You know, we're closing our
business and it, that's really sad. So yeah, but me, like I used to work for the state and I quit my job because
I didn't like the governor. We have, he's the one we have now. Um, I, he was making my dog kind of dangerous. So that's why I retired early. So, and now have you heard about the riots? Like in Seattle?
Yeah. There was some riots in Seattle and
it's like the governor and the mayor, they don't want to really do it. They didn't want to do anything about it. And it kind of reminded me of like, how my job, I used
to work with people who committed crimes and it reminded me of that. Like, you cannot just let those things get out of control, you have to, you know, stay on it. So.
no,
I worked with juveniles and I worked with kids who admitted like, robberies, rapes, murder
a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love my job. I loved my job. I really did
because
I'm
I like working
with those
kids.
Like,
um, I like working with those kids because a lot of them they don't, they're not,
um, they have their own ideas, you know, they else does they have their own and I like that about people.
I mean I learned from them to all the time
no
a lot of
them they're just like there are raised that way their parents are that way and I don't know if they'll ever would change you know? But a lot of the kids I worked with were from Seattle. Mhm. So I was a little bit I mean I'm a little bit familiar with like people say there is racism there and when I was working with the kids they never really complained to me about racism. So I think some people are making a bigger deal out of it than it is. Maybe wow
I
never
I never heard that. No I never really.
Yeah.
Well on facebook yeah.
Yeah a little bit yeah she she's very like very energetic, he's always like running around and yeah.
she's
she's three. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. They come to visit me sometimes. Um They
come
here about like once a year I think. Yeah. And I haven't been there yet, but I'm moving there, so.
well, I got on a wedding list for senior housing, so I'm hoping everything works out.
well
it was
important.
Oh, go ahead.
So you break two languages just from India because like, people I've talked to from India, there's a national language and our regional language.
Thank you.
I do. I do. Because I used to, some of the kids were from different
parts of like africa, Like some people from Africa, they speak like three or 4 or five languages, which I know I'm here here in the United States, we get upset and we and we only speak one language and well I used to speak french but I, yeah, my grandpa, he grew up in Canada and he used to speak french. So um
yeah, I just think it's like we complain and we shouldn't complain. I mean we should be more open minded what I think.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. My one grandparents spoke german and another one spoke french and so
I took french people.
Yeah, one of mine is one of my grandfather's is german jewish and another one is, yeah, and he kept that a secret that he was jewish. That was a secret.
kind
of a little bit above like I was raised catholic. So I but then I started learning about, I started learning about Judaism just because I was curious about it and it's very interesting.
yeah,
I
do it online yeah.
Yeah and then my daughter she her husband's catholic so she um so they I think they she told me they haven't been at church lately because there was a couple of catholic churches that are getting like people throw bombs at the church and stuff so she said they just stay home and like maybe they do church online, I'm not really sure what they do.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. So did you grow up hindu, is
that okay?
I know
a little bit because I went to college with people from africa and India and yeah
and I think I think hindu and Judaism have some things along and
I
think
so yeah. Uh
Yeah I go into the grocery store um
but
I live near the Canadian border, so a lot of for our grocery store because groceries are less expensive here. And uh how the Canadian border is close and they can't come in so the
there is not as crowded so that's nice. Yeah. But
kind of um mean because of the virus or because of Judaism because they're both
okay. Yes. Well I do because when I worked with the kids like it was out of prison. So I always I mean that's a very it's very dirty. I mean there's a lot of diseases there
and
so I used to come from work and take off all my clothes, put them in the washing machine, get in the shower. I mean yeah
what
And uh I worked with some of the kids had tuberculosis and I never wear a mask so Nobody ever said I should wear one. So I just
yeah so I was already a germophobe up.
Yeah,
I think
so.
Yeah, I do that. Yeah. Yeah.
know like we're, my grocery store is out of bleach. So. Yeah. Yeah,
I know. My daughter was like, because I told her we were out there out of toilet paper and
she was like, well I could use some in the mail.
my gosh, it that's funny. Yeah.
Yeah. I love kinda out in the country a little bit. But yeah, we have dresses and you have to wear a mask if you want to ride the best.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right now they're making you wear a mask on the airplane so
I
don't want to
do it.
Yeah, I'm thinking that and plus right now there's some rights going on and it just, it makes me kind of nervous to fly when there's like there could be people on the plane being crazy or whatever, you know, I just I don't know.
Oh my gosh. Yeah,
I'll see what happens I guess.
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah, I can't wait. Yeah, we're living here on Army banks, so. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, have a good evening. Thanks.
I'm
talking
to you will.
Right.