Hi, how are
you?
I did.
Mm hmm. Actually the last two times I waited and nobody came. This is the third, luckily you came. Okay. Um
My aunt Sangeeta and Sangeeta.
Sherry? Sherry, I am aware. Okay then.
How you doing? How are you coping up with current situation?
what?
Oh, it's like I'm not even a shop is open or a store where you can go with mosque or it's completely under lockdown.
You're right.
Yeah. Oh yeah. And
you don't well wearing it like uh
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here in walnut they say it's okay if you don't wear the mask. So mm hmm.
Yeah, I'm in bloomington. Sure.
Mhm.
So here
here to lockdowns and like they've given um exemption work from home options. And like, well my kids like no school, they're here only 24 hours like Now I need to take a 24/7. Mhm. The
Okay. Here also I see a lot of people they're they're going like to go to a like shopping like to a restaurant. So well they started doing it like they doing normally so I'll go for grocery shopping and come back since my kids are too little. Like I don't go away very crowded place. Like if it is not crowded I just take them they're like to play or Yeah. So how long we can keep ourselves shut down right? So
my.
Oh okay. So I'm like a daily, I used to read like is there any vaccine they found they they developed anything like that? So is it like a very like what to say that I'm very for very much following like when the vaccines will be re released. So so you do you do you believe in vaccinations?
Yeah. Um So I like I trust them and like uh so what I don't know what to do now at this condition like we need to trust something right to get a hope. Uh
is it like the
medicine like what your small area emery? Okay.
Yeah, I read that. I read that article actually. Yeah. So yeah, when when the pandemic started like it was I to read that this drug was used to cure the cure the wire like infected persons. And if and later like then I also think that the FDA or like they were telling that it's not complete cure. This medicine is not a complete so it's kind of like on and off things are going on. Mhm.
So you know how how you go out for a walk or like to see your friends or?
That's
it.
Yeah you can be with them yeah. Right. You stay you stay alone here like whoa.
You retire? You got it. Oh so you can take rest now, right.
It's like it's a summer and it's and we we were very desperate to go someplace or to see something but because of this we're all stuck here and
And so what do you like substance and now you you just work from home and you just go out meet some friends like how you spend your day?
that's too good. Me too.
Okay that's good. Yeah. Yeah so I'm busy with my kids since they had 24/7 here with me and
my
22
and
uh like one is five and another one is two and uh come in here and there and catching them making them that's kind
of
yeah. Uh oh my husband is working from home and since uh since he's working he might have some meetings and he will just tell me okay keep them calm. Keep. Uh huh.
I like.
you're
very true. You're ready. True. So if my husband says something then I'll tell him you only wanted another one. Like I was I don't want I was like but like um if we have another one he will keep company to the elder one so we should have to like that so somewhere but now I feel that oh my they're very handful and I don't have time for me to do any. No.
Mhm. You watch movies? Free time?
So you you you you support president trump?
Okay. You support him or like
Mhm.
Mhm.
Then
what else? Oh me politics. I'm not that good politics. Uh some are like, I am just expecting everything should go smooth. That's it. Mm hmm.
Mhm.
Some more like um here we have given options like to send our kids to school. You can opt anything. Uh you can either choose to keep them from home like teach them online or uh you can send them to school. So I was from the beginning I just inquired with some of my friends here so they told that they're not sending to school and they're planning to keep the kids home and then teach online. So my husband was like, oh whether we should send her like that. He was like uh he was very confused. Then he read one news yesterday or today, I don't remember. But some some of the some one person, he was Senate or some. So it's kind of, I don't exactly remember which which position is, but he was very much like a post of like wearing a wearing a mask or like I think so he went to some some place where it was very much crowded and he got infected, it seems. So he was very much sick for one month and he died. So my my husband learned the news about him and then he came to me and then he told, oh we won't send our kids to school since, since we don't know what would happen. We will keep her. Then I was telling him I was telling the same thing I don't want her to send because because she's a small kid and uh
even if we tell her to put on the mask for long, she won't keep it right? So then we opted for not sending her to school and we will teach online something like that until the situation is result.
What?
So
that's
good. Right, wow.
that's
yeah um but we do sometimes like uh take like we do take home things from the restaurants so weekly, once or twice we do like that mm So we, because we don't directly go to the restaurant and stay there but just be disordered and take home Saigon.
Yeah, that one would be safe and it could be okay for the restaurants as well, right? They can keep running the restaurant so so the how this is like like economic condition is worsening, it's kind of very bad thing right.
For
Nothing
Oh not much, can you just tell me? Yeah.
that's right.
Problem.
Okay so uh if you don't mind can you tell me how what kind of job you did if you don't mind? Like I
just want to know.
okay. Oh so okay so you you talk with them, you counsel them or like
you do?
yeah it's
kind
of like it's
kind
of
social
work thing. Yeah I feel very good talking with you
argument.
Yeah. Yeah they change change. Uh huh.
So you you you guide them, you guide them what to do
like oh that's
that's
It's not the actual situation right? And sometimes
I
feel like
Mhm Okay.
So you you talk with your daughter daily like a facetime.
Yeah. Okay granddaughter.
So how old is she? How old
is she?
please for good. Mm. So
you plan to settle with them or like just to receive them and come back
And
you're
Uh huh Yeah. So you play with them are like separately like uh
Yeah sure sure definitely. So have you been 20 like a visiting places like Niagara or some other place? I'm just just to know some places we are
like
we
are from. Right?
No, no no we, so I'm from India actually so like vacations are during summer. We like to visit a few places. So that will be so it will be a memory for us like when you go back. So.
Yeah. National languages did I talked both languages like National language, me and talk hindi and our original the state where we live it's kind of Tamil and uh and the english which we learn for like for education purpose
with one. So so basically I can talk to languages and uh I hope you understand me late like uh
Her.
there.
but you do have options for learning a lot of languages. Right? You
can choose to learn like I wanted to say what is that spanish and Okay. Uh huh
french and other languages to give options. Yeah.
so
so so you your grandfather's are from Germany like um
Oh so you like you follow Christianity or like you do
you?
mhm. Oh really? Okay, mm Okay,
so you go to church or uh right,
catholic.
Mhm
Okay. So um like some people they pray in the house, right, Like
the former group and the eat the bible and uh like uh when I was in school like I was having some christian friends, so what they do evening they gather and they read the bible and they exchanged some views or prayers and uh so they suppose if uh we were, we were about to write exams, they pray, okay, we should write good exams, they pray like that. So we should uh really, I don't know much but like that they used to do in that, so I'm very open minded and like uh and I like,
I like that. I like watching them praying actually.
I grew
Yeah. You know more about religions
I think.
Yeah.
Oh really? Okay. I
don't
know much.
so how do you buy grocery center like your online instagram insta cat or like you go and buy
uh huh. Yeah. At
least you're doing that. That's good.
And
So um, I don't get to go out because the kids, right? And if I take them to keep running here and there, so I won't be able to, my husband used to go and like pick up things from walmart and buy vegetables and come here. So do you follow all those cleaning, washing things are wiping things and out?
But why does I'm asking because of the virus?
Yeah, I died died
so
so you already have a habit
of that's awesome. Like.
Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. I can't understand you. Yeah, that's a good.
So no, you're already immune. Nice. I'll see your immune. Mm hmm,
wow, it's a good thing.
And
what if we fear more? Right? Like um if we if we keep hearing it then it will become like it will go top of our head and we'll be like wearing for everything will get for everything. So it's good. It's good like uh good to be a little brave. I feel like that. What do you say? Yeah. You know when it off with my friends or my sister, they used to say, oh, I washed my vegetables like anything. I washed this, my wife with this, I wiped the board with.
Uh and uh sometimes I try to order it online. I never get any like the wipes or something. It's out of stock. Mhm.
so I was what's happening like that?
No
if mm
so uh where the buses are running in Arabia bus? Uh I see my actually never running.
Okay. Okay. So I suppose if you want to go to Georgia right? Your to your daughter So like uh what? You can take a plane or a train?
Yeah. Right. I also will
hurt. I
know.
Yeah. What? Yeah so you have to wait I think until some issues resolved.
uh but like they're making sit like 11 person in there. All right like that will be Yeah I saw some photos like 11 person is sitting with the mask and and bacon so
Yeah
yeah that's right. Right. Right. I wish you the best.
I hope you'll soon meet your daughter and granddaughter.
it's good talking with you.
Thank
you.
Mhm. Thank you thank you. Yeah
Yeah.