Hello.
I'm good. What's your name?
Bess. Yeah.
Okay. I'm from Georgia but I'm actually on vacation right now in florida.
Um Port ST joe which is like
yeah that's great. Yeah we normally go to Destin but this is our first time here. It's a little bit calmer, slower pace. Old time florida so it's fine.
Even
Yeah that's
Yeah we just
got
here yesterday. Um we haven't been at night but I have three little girls and so we took them out and they picked up shells and then we're we drove down a little bit further where the beach is a little bit nicer. This little bit more beach space. Um So out there we've been out there today right.
Yes it's like sunny and bright but it's like totally not hot and like there's a breeze and it's like perfect.
I don't know. I'm putting in the south my whole life but I hate the humidity.
I
know.
I
agree
here.
it's cool.
Yeah, we'll definitely do that.
Yeah, that's cool.
So
sorry, I'll go first. Um my girls are seven and 5 and one. Yes. So pretty Little.
They're
like super content on the beach. Like just put
them
down and they just go,
oh yeah, she's pretty and she's more stays on the sand. For the most part. We're chasing some birds around or sand,
but she likes it. But I mean she's been to the beach already. Look, we go fairly often, so it's not like brand new experience to her.
I
For about
six hours or so from, I mean, we could probably feel like we could go to Georgia beaches a lot quicker than that, but they're not the same either as like gulf coast. Yeah.
have you ever done this before?
Me neither. I just started using prolific like about a month ago
and
Oh, cool. Yeah. So, um, yeah, I saw this and was like, to be interesting, so okay, that's
why not.
I'm 32. Well, happy
birthday.
It was like all AOL instant messenger back then, like, because I wouldn't have like, like I have a sister who's 18, so it's like all Snapchat instagram, Tiktok every and and for us, like you didn't communicate like on the go. Like you could come home and you could get on a I. M. With people from school,
you know, and, but we didn't text or anything yet, so
And
no, it's definitely a creditor for sure.
You know what,
I wonder if like they just pair people up because the timing works or if they paired us up because we're both, you know, similarly aged people or
women
or
it's
interesting. My husband actually has one, he's gonna he's in prolific too and he got one Tuesday so we'll see like maybe yeah, what he gets
similar demographic or totally different or whatever.
Mhm.
Yeah, my husband um kind of reserved, but he was told to do something like this like like he could hang, he could do this. Yeah.
Okay.
um I heard about it and read it,
yeah. Okay. And I don't know, I'm teleworking right now, like I'm we're not in a very telework friendly field, but it is what it is and so like
I just have a lot of time that I could like intermingled things with what I'm supposed to be doing, so I was like to be fun and then like it's been surprisingly, you know, steady, like it's a decent, you know, little side hustle so I don't know, just kind of fell into it. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
well. What do you do,
what kind of work
do you do?
Anyway.
um So like government agency, child welfare, like social work, like
not
has um conducive
huh.
Yeah. So um I'm actually like the director of my county office, so for my like it's not too bad because I don't do a ton
of field work anymore anyway. Um But you know my case managers and my supervisors, it's definitely more, you know, But they've kind of adapted. We've been doing it since March. Um They are going out in the field just kind of on a case by case basis um if there's, you know, something more serious that has to be done. But they are doing a lot of um virtual visits with families, which has just been interesting kind of experiment kind of kind of get creative because a lot of our families don't have, you know, the technological capabilities or access that we might so we find salute, we're making it work. Yeah.
Yeah.
In
2010.
We have to have our families like walk us around on facetime. Like let us see that you have food and can we see, you know, walk us through every room and let's look for hazards or new household members or things that we need to
know about and you know, there's a certain element of, you know, mystery there. Like there's only so much, you know, they have all the control to show, you know, show what they want to show or not. No. So yeah, it's been interesting weird times.
My two older Children are school age and you know, they are school system started out virtual only, there was no interest in option. Um
And so we're on fall break right now and then the following week, they are allowing a choice, you know, you can return or you can Well, so we've been all virtual whole school year. Um It's interesting, we had a kind of like a learning pod that we hosted in my house. Uh I don't know how I was gonna tell the work, take care of my almost two year old and keep up with two different girls, you know, online school school because it's not just to do this work, it's like beyond the google meet at this time and you know, it's very, You know, structure. So my mom is a retired teacher, so we had her come and we have like 14 kids from our kids school at our house every day. Um so it's interesting to kind of see how the different teachers adapt because we've had a lot of different classes with a lot of different teachers and it's just been, I don't know, you would think it might all be fairly similar, but it's not like it just depends on, you know, the different people and probably age and a lot of other factors for him, it's just savvy and, and he was like not feeling this. Yeah.
I mean ours
is just a school system by school system decision. Um So you know like the counties that I work in, both of both of them started out with a going in person option, but my county, which is just adjacent to the county I work in is virtual only, so it's just,
I'm
gonna kind of all over the place, different ways of doing it.
Um I'll say I started with the facts in 2011, so nine years.
no.
I finished college, I went to the University of Georgia and I came out of it still not knowing what I wanted to do my degree within sociology and I'm honored in women's studies. Um And I came out now what I didn't know.
And so I I thought maybe about teaching, teaching high school and I don't know, it just kind of happened into child welfare. like I knew somebody that worked, not the child welfare side but in the office and a clerical kind of role. She's like, you know we've got we're hiring and I was like, you know like kids have always and I like helping people and you know, so I just interviewed a few counties and got a job and then it was like oh this is clearly where I'm supposed to be, you want to, you
know this is
totally
for me, I just got lucky, it's just stumbled in there and happened to be the right fit. So.
Um He just started a new career, He lost his job back in january and it's a really terrible job market to be hunting for a job in. Um So
he wound up teaching technology and engineering at a middle school in our county. Um So he's brand new to teaching and having to figure out how to do it virtually like the technology piece he's good with just
yeah first feature plus having to come up with his own curriculum that it's a very hands on kind of um subject and trying to come up with something for virtual. It's been a major struggle like it's been really hard for him but you know it's a job and he has a job you know just we're making it. Yeah. How about yours? Uh huh.
Record nature
Yeah it's awful.
Right that's nice.
two offices.
cool.
Very
convenient.
You don't need that much access.
a lot of people have it a lot worse. Yeah I
get
yeah we spent a lot of you know he was already at home working on the job hunt when the pandemic started and so everybody was home and we really just you know kind of enjoyed some quality time you know it was just kind of nice to be you know there's something to be said for that Sam. Yeah
I get it.
Yes. Yeah. See when he his previous job was in Atlanta and it was like over an hour you know each way and he worked in um again internet marking company you know so in the field um and he loved it but it was a lot of driving and just Not having and my job is like you know 40 or seven minutes to my so you know it is a big difference here, there's like I'm to go to the gym and you know it's easier for like he coaches our oldest child soccer team and that's not a stressor, you know, he's have been rushed so there's a, you know, a lot of pluses for us, but we're also very fortunate even from. Yeah.
Yeah. Cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
victim can't be, doesn't work.
What are you, what are you going to like, what's like something weird that you like like a
the peak
hobby or interest or?
Number.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, like the farmhouse like
Oh that's interesting.
I mean I think that's yeah, that's
Um I don't know, I'm into like weird kitschy kinds of vintage nancy stuff um particularly mid century stuff um Like like our house is built in 1959 and it's uh just kind of brady bunch e it's got like the tall like clear story windows and angles
and I'm kind of obsessed and I followed some like really just weird kitschy facebook groups um And I like pinups and pinup related art. Um Yeah and just just like weird stuff like go to a state sales and I just have strange things like we have like somebody had a portrait like like a whole portrait of their chihuahua in a little platter and in my house and it's not my chihuahua and people might even think like I had a very cherished too, but it's not mine about it in a state sale. I just I just like the aesthetic of just kind of weird stuff, you know and mid century furniture and yeah the color palette. Yeah like I'm you know, I don't like the traditional or current posh like home decor stuff that has said so, you know, like I can appreciate, you know, like I can enjoy that, but it's just not my thing, like barn doors and black and yeah, yeah.
The chip
and
Joanna gaines. Yeah. Like, and I like watching the show and you know, but it's just not mine, not my taste. I guess so. Yeah, Like just weird, weird things, weird kitschy things that I buy. So
my darling himself as Heywood Wakefield. So like the table with like the wishbone style chairs, like the top and the, you know, um, and then a china cabinet and several pieces. So I totally get it.
Um yeah, I think so. I know I'm on a lot of things I'm gonna look. Mm
this
is, my
neighbors were just giving away this dinette table or Mhm. Yeah.
I'm into,
but
they're
doing
now there.
Mhm. Yeah,
I like grew up like my parents were big antique ear's. Um
so like that was what we did, that was, you know, you go junk and going taken and I feel like you know, five years old walking through an antique store in my hands like this, I don't touch anything or break. It was just like and where I was just kind of an old soul I guess so and like my husband could care less, like does not care, but at least he doesn't have like some like really strong conflicting tastes. So he doesn't mind, you know that I'm into weird stuff because if it was up to him, I don't know what his house would look like. The bachelor pad or something. Like a lot of Star Wars posters, maybe. It's hard. Uh But yeah, so it works out.
It's cool.
Yeah, man.
Very practical function of reform person. So
we actually had our 10th anniversary too. Yeah. So we had were down here with my parents speech, so last night they kept them and we went to a restaurant and just that reflected on years. It was just really nice.
not
Right, right. I know. I'm like, what do you were just just people
have to talk
like
marriages need like conversation like adults just time to talk about our day. They just do not understand that. But yeah,
of course they don't. That's hot. But yeah, it's
tonight.
huh.
What?
Man. That's really funny.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, That's fine at four. That's crazy.
Well.
Yeah. It is fun to watch um my oldest um it's like really creative and artistic, she likes to make things and like it's hard to throw anything away because she wants to use that in an art project. Keep every paper towel roll. Like some of them we got a recital. Okay. Yeah. And then my five year old is like the world is her stage and everybody will bend to her will and she's she's gorgeous and she like knows like she can harness that, like she really is like just, you know, we all think all of our kids are just the cutest but she's like, I don't know, everybody notices her um And she works it, you know, she just uses that. Um She's very social, like everywhere we go, like the dog food aisle, the grocery store, she's chatting with a middle aged couple, she's just that's how she is. Um So life with her and she's she's definitely my most challenging child also she's extremely willful um
but
it will, it will serve her well, I'm telling myself in the long term, so we just have to
deal with the tightrope walk that we are on with her a lot of the time and then um my one year old Um she'll be two in December, I have two December babies. Um So she's um I don't know, very bright um And like her fine motor skills have always been really like she could pick up tiny little things all the pencil, like very like, I don't know, it's just interesting started to see her strengths and of up and blossom and imagining what she's turning out to be like and I don't know, I think she's, she's gonna be something else too. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, pretty much. Yeah.
Uh
my God, five year old wants them to be the Skylar Sisters for Halloween. It's like impossible
to find
those costumes right now. But yes, that's great.
Look into that.
I mean you can find them on FB for like 200 something dollars apiece and we're not about that life, so and I don't know what I'm going to find like a 18 month or 24 months size colonial period for the baby. And really
she was the only one that was like really sold on that idea. But they're all kind of, you know, we listened to it a lot and they are assigned a Skyler's sister. So they don't go in order though because my middle child has to be Angelica just because that name suits her the best. So they're a little out of order and they're
Skyler's sister assignments and the baby is clearly putting its.
That's funny. Yeah.
You
think, you know it, but maybe not so much. Mhm.
It would be a fun,
relatively
simple costume.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's
the middle child. I totally get it for the meeting man.
Yeah. Yeah. Well cool. Oh
thank you. Thank
you
for your
new house.
Hey,
we've still got a basement full of stuff. We've been in our house since like 16, so you know.
awesome. This is really pretty great fun. Yes.
I think,
I don't
remember. We read all this up at the beginning and now I guess. Let me see you do. We close it. Your conversation is complete. Just returned to the browser tab with the survey and continue your participation. Sure. Let me end it. Right.
Good.
Yes, it was good. Meeting you Lauren?
Yeah. Right. Okay. You're still there. Maybe we just closed. All right. I'm gonna go for it and close it. Right. You
buy