Uh huh.
Hi how are you
Lauren? What's yours
So what is your uh where where we where are you talking from? What's your, are you in the U. S. Okay. Imagine which southern Southeastern U. S. Okay. I said I'm in Kentucky.
Yeah. Oh how nice. What part of florida?
It hasn't next to Cape San blas?
Yes. Super chill. We stayed at if you go down to keep samples like near the park, there are these condos over there we see there a few years ago and yeah it's great. There's just not like all of the what the boardwalk and like craziness of
Destin. It's pretty cool.
Have you been? It's a nice place. Have you been out walking on the beach at night yet?
And
there?
Have fun. Good weather for you.
Oh that's great. That's right. It started it's finally getting it's not cold, it's Kentucky. So although I'm sure if humidity has nothing on George's but it's still like humid and Even though it's 65 it's like why is it some muggy out here?
What's the worst we went up to um to maine On vacation like two years ago and it's like what is this? It's like no huge heavy,
no
humidity like 72°..
Not
here in middle,
August. Great.
Well I'll tell you if, I don't know where the moon is in its cycle right now have been paying attention but if it's anywhere near to a new moon where the moon is really small uh If you go out onto the beach at night there are so many stars.
It was just crazy. Like I don't live, it is a huge like I live in a small study right? And like I live in Lexington Kentucky. Um And so we have just enough light pollution that we don't get like a ton of stars but out there. Oh my gosh! It's crazy.
How
old are your girls?
But yeah. Oh that's the fun there. So like into everything though like odd by everything, right? That's
not
hanging
up
I'll find what's the little one think of the waves and she do it.
Well.
Okay. We have the
closest beach. I don't know the closest speech to us. It's still about eight hours away. So we we have tons of like lakes and stuff but it's just not the same. Like waters not
the same.
Of course is great. Well fun.
No.
Yeah but that's
me too.
That
with a stranger. Why not? It's funny. I am so I'm, how old am I just turned 33 yesterday?
Adrian.
So I don't know if. thank you, exciting. I felt like another section of gray start to sprout when I hit 33 yesterday, I was like, alright, seven. Um but I don't know if you did a lot, but like, I just remember my teens like being on chat rooms all the time and like web forums. Uh
But
No, no, none of that. And we had to come home like mom get off the phone and need to get on the internet. I feel like the little AML just um but so I, I found like chat rooms and so it's funny because this is something I haven't done in a long time, but I remember is like a teenager and then even in my early twenties, like talking to strangers on the internet, like it's surprisingly safely right
now. I think in hindsight if one of my kids are doing that that you need to get off that right now.
Yeah, there's nothing because but like I remember doing that as a child so this is kind of fun. I was like, yeah, I'll talk to an internet stranger.
Why not?
How
was
Right. I wouldn't think that demographics would have something to do with it.
I mean
benton.
No, that would be fun to see. I told my husband about this and he was like, no, no I'm not. He would just sit here and scout whomever. Oh fine.
He's not.
Yeah.
It's fun then. Now why why did you decide to start using prolific?
Me too.
No.
Yeah. I
was like, so my field is tell rick friendly but still I actually get like I get more done working from home because I don't have people popping in and out of my office all the time and so I get stuff done and I was like well I could browse reddit or facebook or I could like make a few bucks. That would be nice
using studies.
I'm
an accountant. Um I'm an accountant. I work for the university of Kentucky. Um So already in like academia not a professor but in academia so it's like well I know some of these like research studies, I know my colleagues always looking for research participants so you know but yeah accounting you can do it
doesn't matter. Just put me in a corner with a computer and I'll do my job like what about you?
Who? That's
rough.
No. Oh
my gosh how are you all I guess you can't even do a home visit.
Help.
Yeah. I have to put the challenge. So we in Kentucky we have this is called the hands program. Um that's administered by, so it's a state program that the local health departments administer. And it was it was designed to increase birth weights and to decrease instances of child abuse and um gosh early early birth rate. So it was designed to basically provide additional resources to low resource households um and education especially to young mothers to help them thrive a little bit better so that he created this program and so you're assigned basically a parenting mentor. And so when I had my son, so I have two kids and my son will be four in december. When I had my son. Like I was really nervous and I found out about this program is like well I could really just use like an unbiased third, like an unbiased outside opinion. So I'll sign up for this program. And I was doing something adjacent social work at the time too. So I was like, if I get to know this program, I can refer my clients over to it. So I started and just like fell in love with her family mentor, she's great and this program is great. Like there's this whole curriculum, but it's really hands on because she comes in and you know, you do little crafts and you talk about different parenting tactics for the ages and stages and um you know, for again, for us, we're not really a low resource household, it was just kind of like a reassuring fun activity. Um But
so we did we enrolling again with our second daughter. Um but I've been talking to say all this because I've been talking to her mentor since March. They haven't been able to do in home visits and it's been really tough because they use
the
visits to screen for postpartum depression. Um you know kind of like looking, watching the moms and they check they do safety checks in the households and just a lot of stuff that you can't tell from talking to somebody on the screen. Uh huh.
What?
My gosh, it's crazy, it's it's interesting at the same time like so I um academia is stodgy and a little slow to adapt to things sometimes and so it's been really interesting, especially our older tenure faculty, whether like I have to do what with the computer now, teachers, students online place, do I have to?
No.
Yeah. Even in Kentucky are counties don't even have it together Like it just depends on what county you live in as to what you're doing when thank
you.
I
think
we'll figure it out then hopefully and I don't know 6-9 months we get get to go back to seeing people in person. I'm like 100% back in person would be nice. Hopefully let's see how long have you been in social work and social work field?
Okay. So what you thought you'd be like what you thought like
it was is that your original career path?
like
No
that's
good.
Oh cool. What's that from that kind of falls into place? What does your husband do?
Mhm.
when?
My husband is a very niche form of I. T. Um So he's in like the contractual side of I. T. Management. Um He does government I. T. So he works for his work for multiple state governments. He actually worked remotely before always worked remotely. So he does all didn't change for him. Um But yeah he's what it has done so he works for different states so he works remotely. But the majority of his co workers have always gone into the office and so everybody he's worked with has had to adapt to this virtual environment and he's just there watching
them kind of logo. Uh But you know again they're they're all in I. T. So that at least um can kind of they have they know how to use the tools to adapt a little bit better so he's been fine without what's been the changes us being in each other's space all the time. It's been fun. We moved too soon. So we we went under contract for this house right at the start of the pandemic. And um and so we were in daycare, shut down in March and didn't open up again until june. And so we were like at home with each other, both trying to work tossing our kids back and forth. So at the time they were um like Just over three and maybe nine months old. And so we're like trying to figure that out being in each other's space and trying to sell our house. So keeping the house clean enough when you have small Children to sell and to show
that was so, but we made it through and then take care of them back up mid june and we sent them back um and then we moved at the end of june into this house. So we um at least now it's just the two of us in this house, we have different offices on different levels and so we can like pretend like the others not here.
So
it's yeah, well so the person who bought this house from work from home, so he remodelled us and turned into an office and then my husband works down in the spare bedroom. Right?
So yeah, it works out. The only downside for me is this is right next to the kitchen. So and like my pantries are right
next to me.
Oh my gosh I've had a quick going to Costco like like I'll go to Costco and get a bunch of snacks cannot we cannot do that right now.
No. So let's spend the challenge. But I think we've we've been super super fortunate that um I mean it's been inconvenient annoying, but
all
right, so I'll take this.
Yeah,
it's a amazing how much like cutting out your commute does for a day.
mm
mhm.
Alright,
instinct, what else can we talk about? Uh huh.
Yeah, I know
something
weird that I like.
um well it's not unique, I begged a lot, that's fun. Um So gosh, what is the thing
weird that I'm into? Um I don't think I have any like weird interest, I don't know, like I'm just super into like art, music. I know, so I do know what I'm seeing amount about. Andrew Wyeth, he's an artist um
uh
she's she's really good, so he's like, I don't think it's weird, just the level to which I'm in the intimate century realism and like Grant wood and Stewart grain and uh, Andrew Wyatt and like those mid century contemporary realist contemporaries. Um, if you've ever seen, you know, everybody knows american Gothic, right? The student, his wife. So it's that period of art and Andrew Wyeth did a piece called Christina's World, um, which is pretty ubiquitous. Like it's this big field and there's this woman laying down like reaching out,
yeah, there's the farmhouse. Yeah. So that's an Andrew Wyeth piece. Um, and so I'm super in, in to his art because it's just me, I don't know, it speaks to me. So he, um, he had, when we went up to Maine a couple of years ago, there's a museum up there called the farm's worth that, that, that is dedicated to his and his father's artwork and we went to visit. It's just amazing. I don't know. Uh, I don't know. I don't know if it's his color palette or artistic style or whatever but like affects me on emotional level and he did, it's really neat. Um He did, so he had his whole body X rayed and then he did a whole series of art where he painted his skeleton. It's called, I think it's called The Doctor Send series where he painted a skeleton doing different things. Um
But that was on this place. So yeah, that's not not not weird but I am obsessively into art. Yeah.
No that's fine. I have like it's yeah, I recommend looking up and I have just like an obscene amount of art in my house. It's bad. Like I have more art than I do wall space because it just find weird ways of collecting it. I do not have are like your money, but I have a awesome, we'll hunt you down. So what's your what is your weird hobby?
that's great.
Yeah. Yeah. The what is it the magnolia, is that it the joy
of the
game?
So I am absolutely absolutely the same way like so we have, so this house was built in 73 so it's a little bit post mid century but still that type of still an anesthetic family and I have been obsessively on the hunt for different pieces. So I got a danish mid century hutch like I stocked instagram for to find like I almost bought this thing from Lithuania because it's this beautiful polish century piece, like I can't afford shipping from Lithuania but I love this thing. But yeah mid century furniture, so it's it's danish teak mid century like just with those lines. And then I just found uh four basset dining chairs. Um
Yeah, it's just the best period aesthetically, are you on the mid century sub?
That one kills me. It just seems like full of people who are like look what I found in the trash, this beautiful
basket,
like
Oh it feels me like I I obsessively stalked this one antique company on instagram for months to find my furniture. But congrats, I lost an ear from well this Well that's cool.
I don't remember the part of our demographic survey where they asked us if we like concentrate furniture,
but I'm
glad
they were
everything. Oh
come on.
okay.
All right. Yeah. I'm convinced my husband would just have a solid seamless steel house. We joke about this because
then you could just hope down, that's all he cares about. Can I claim this easily? It's sure. So
Yeah.
I'm so silly.
Oh good. It's especially with three kids, I'm sure it was nice to like just have some quiet
and intentional conversation with each other.
No,
it's
ok.
No.
All
right. That's my presence. My four year old has a habit of um he's really into dave girl right now, like as a person
and as a musician, like, you know, it's a super and the foo fighters. So my husband will be trying to talk to
each other and all of a sudden we'll just start I don't you? And just as you can the middle of dinner. Okay, Stop it.
That's
really taken into this. But
Oh my gosh, They're um they're insane
little people. It's fun to watch as that because I feel like like three their interest really becomes super evident and then it refines itself up to four. Um I was like what we're thinking are you gonna be into right now?
What is your
father's?
what?
Three weeks. You have three very strong wheel daughters leadership worship cloud.
Yeah. I see my son is like super, he's very extroverted and like to be just the center of attention but he's actually almost kind of like making very sweet like he's very popular at school because you know he'll do whatever it's fine like sure um
he you know and he'll he'll try to recruit his friends to his different fandoms like he was in, I'm super into Hamilton for a while. Um
Yeah I do
that.
No.
Yeah. Can you get period attire for toddlers?
I don't think I'm gonna like yourself.
Hello?
well you know. Oh
at least hilarious. So my sentiments to be the phantom of the opera for Halloween, we won't let him watch the movie version yet because he gets he like get some cells with spooky stuff if he watches
it.
we're like we're gonna wait until he's a little bit older but he loves the music and just the idea of wearing a cape. Um So that's
that's
where he's at.
Just a kidding for the mask. So it's um yeah
it's really it's funny it's funny too much. But my daughter who she turned one in july sure jeez
she is like a little spitfire like I just I mean she like strong leadership qualities she wants what she got she's taken to whenever she gets mad at her brother over something. She'll just walk over to whatever he's doing and knock it over, share a little less. You better watch out and find stuffed animal heads in your bed. Dude, don't make her mess. We're all scared of her, but she's cute. So.
No.
I've been monitor
enjoy your vacation.
The
son of
bitch.
Yeah. Well, uh you know 2025 is the goal for having these boxes unpacked.
So that's what we
and it happens, right?
it was great talking to you. Yes.
Do we just close
the
well then you click over? I don't know. I wonder what happens if you
click over. Just the arrow? All right. I'm going to click it and see what happens if if leave then goodbye.
I needed to
I