Okay, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm Time mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, mhm, mhm Uh huh Hello, can you hear me? I can't hear you. Mhm um yeah, yeah, let me try headphones. Hello? Yeah, mhm I can't hear anything, wow, Mhm Okay, Yeah, yeah, mhm Yeah, yeah, Okay, Yes, okay, all right, give me a thumbs up if you can hear me, Okay. Uh mm yeah, yeah, check your microphone and see if that's on. Mhm Yeah, yeah, mhm yeah, mhm Yeah, Uh huh mhm Yes, probably would be in your computer settings or if you've got a firewall, the firewall might be blocking it. Yeah, mhm Right, mhm, mm Yes, mhm, mhm, mhm, mm hmm. Yeah,
no. Yeah, Mom.
Being
yeah, what? Mhm okay.
Oh, nope, nothing. Uh huh
yeah.
Oh, I think
I just got
it. Oh, you're very loud. There we go.
And
right. Uh, my name is Andrew
hi Rachel
it as well. Where do you live, Rachel?
Uh, currently living in Georgia, Good old southern
boy.
No, I was raised military so I moved around a lot.
Probably Maryland
climate
that.
Mhm. Down here. Let's just say there's a reason the devil went down to Georgia.
Atlanta is a scummy city. I don't. My God.
No.
Yeah. So what do you do
program
PhD PhD and what?
now.
Progress.
I'm a registered nurse.
Yeah. Currently working in the operating room.
Burns and wounds specifically. So I'll take care of people who are 90% burns third degree. It's crazy.
but I'd like to get some ICU experience so I can go back and become a crn Yeah.
Good.
Yeah.
That was actually searching for a job in a V. A system through and I see you but with all this pandemic stuff
if kind of better to stay in place right now.
Yeah. How old are you?
25 wow. And already gone for the PhD making me feel old. 28 Next Month.
No. Yeah
and
I believe
it yeah that's one of the reasons I've been putting it off because mhm. The C. R. N. A. Program can't work during it and I'd probably racked up at least 150,000 in debt.
Yeah.
What have you been doing during this pandemic to stay sane? Any
hobbies?
Well
um Same kind of thing with the exercise I picked up biking again. I used to love biking when I was in college and then I just stopped. So um
christmas time I bought myself a present to myself as a roof rack for my car and bike carrier and I wanted to make it so I had no excuse not to pick it back up again.
yeah, I got a trailer to hear. Each takes about two hours first time I ran out, I didn't expect to spend that much time out there because I was like all right, let's do half an hour, you know, try to get back into the swing of things. I was out there for two hours, just didn't want to stop. I got burned.
it's been nice so far, but it's really heating up lately. Got into 90, I think the other day,
it's humid, too awful.
My c just broke yesterday too. Had to pay to get that fixed otherwise good. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Uh Own the house I stay in right now until the townhouse, free storage
and kind of regret that decision because there's always something that needs fixing. I mean just right behind me, there's a hole in the wall right there, they're putting off getting fixed.
Uh I wouldn't call it urban in the way that you probably think, but as far as Augusta Georgia goes,
it's pretty
urban. Uh huh. Yeah, I'm right between the suburbs in downtown, it's like 15 minutes to downtown, 15 minutes to my hospital, 15 minutes the other way to the suburbs, so.
Oh yeah, I love my location. As far as Augusta Georgia goes, I hate Augusta Georgia but as far as in Augusta Georgia it's a good location. Uh I can pretty much walk to the Augusta National's I'm sure you've heard of the masters golf
tournament.
Yeah it was a big a big deal that they postponed that this year.
I've never been big into watching sports anytime I watch them, I just think to myself I could be playing that sport.
Yeah, I'll turn into the olympics every now and then, but that's just because the olympics, you know.
Mhm. What sport did you used to play?
I really like volleyball.
No, no, it's easy. I mean to get good, you know, just like anything. It takes time.
But
yeah, I used to play on an intramural team in college. Love it.
Well, we all gave each other nicknames on my team and mine was speedy because they'd be like right there behind someone else ready to get it if they fuck up.
And then there was one guy, we called him scoreboard because I mean we didn't pay attention to the score most of the time, but you asked him, he knew it.
Good times.
You've been binging anything good recently on netflix.
You lou
which
I've heard good things about on Stark.
What?
have you seen the magicians?
And the newest one is the last one, you know? Right,
They canceled it after five.
I
mean,
yeah, I've seen all of it.
I've
actually
got the books who have started reading the books,
I'm working on it right
now.
you know, I thought it was a sci fi original show and typically I've seen scifi movies and I've been like, okay, this is very low budget and kind of candy. But no, the show really surprised me.
Two.
I'm trying to get all my friends to watch it,
but
they're like,
I always tell them it's harry potter crossed with Chronicles of Narnia in modern day and dark. Oh
now
I've been watching some other stuff that kept up with rick and morty. Have you seen that watched solar opposites on lulu?
it was good. I enjoyed it. Um, I don't know what else
is there to say about it. It's a little weird. Just like rick
and morty.
But
it's kind of like rick and morty is family guy and solar opposites as american Dad. Thank you. Similar but different.
yeah, I went as Rick for Halloween two years ago. Yeah.
In fact a program.
I go all out for Halloween is my favorite
holiday.
I'll take any, any, any excuse to dress up, murder mystery parties or whatever.
uh, yeah, it depends on what town you're in. Uh, I haven't done any of them, but Savannah is very big for that. I
know.
No.
Have you seen any ghosts? Do you believe in
ghosts?
hmm. You've never seen
one now. No. Okay. I uh, currently don't believe in them, but I'm open to have my opinion changed. Yeah,
aliens. Those are real.
Bye.
That's good. Keep an open mind. Mm hmm.
Uh, Work the next three days.
Uh day shift. 7 to 7. And usually on call one of those days too. So that means they might call me back in in the middle of the night
for emergency cases like necrotizing fasciitis and all
that good stuff
I used to be a pre med to bio pre-med and they're not calculus and it kicked my ass.
I don't get.
Mhm. I like helping people, but a lot of times I don't like the people themselves. That makes any sense. Like emotionally draining and a schools, a lot of the time and stuff. So that's kind of why I went to the operating room is
Yeah. I only have to talk to them for about five minutes and they're out for an hour.
By the time we get them to pack you then they'll start waking up their problem.
Yeah. No emergency room like crazy places I would.
Mhm. No, you can't pay me enough to go to the emergency room work there.
Oh I'll give you a lot of credit because working with that population, autism, I don't think I could do it.
Takes a special person
and just psychology in general. Like I always thought that class was fascinating when I took it but to make a career out of it,
that's something else.
Tomorrow. Well it's like my mom got her bachelor's in psychology and then she couldn't get a job with it. So she went back and got her nursing degree. Uh huh.
Thank you.
Mhm. So what are your plans besides your PhD, you plan on going somewhere specific? You want to live somewhere
travel
after that's over?
and
like
like backpacking in europe or? Yeah.
What's your point?
Yeah, well I've uh I've been to europe but I was a kid at the time,
I was sick like 6 to 12, we lived in Germany and my parents, it was mostly for them, they just kind of had to drag us along but I've been to like venice
paris um bunch of castles, noise, Feinstein
eagles nest. But last year in october I took a solo trip to Japan
for almost three weeks.
It was amazing. I wanted to go there since high school.
Oh yeah, I'll definitely have to go back because I didn't do everything, but it's so easy to get around. Their public transportation is just amazing. Uh
Yeah no, you can catch a subway anywhere in the city and then take the bullet train to get further out. Buses were a little tricky to know where they were going, but the subway system is super easy,
public transportation here is non existent, so
it's awful. I'd love to live somewhere like Denver where they've got their shit together of cereals in public transport and all that. But now if you go to Japan, you got to go to a place called Golden Guy.
Do you do you like bars? Do you drink? Yeah. Okay. Golden Guy is like a bar shanty town uh is right in the middle of the big city, like two or three alleys. I think it's something like 300 different bars In that area. Each bar can only fit like 4-8 people though.
They're
all they're all themed differently and it's just it was awesome.
Who?
Mhm. That sounds pretty cool. Yeah.
I'd love to go see Copenhagen and Amsterdam and.
Okay. Mhm.
Are you married?
No?
Uh 25 means nothing down here. For some reason. Everyone gets, everyone down here gets married so young
like to their high school sweethearts. I mean I constantly seeing things on facebook and I'm starting to feel left out. I'm like, am I doing
something wrong?
100% true. 100%.
Yeah. I'd love to move back up north.
Oh yeah. People down here drive me crazy. They were I'm definitely in the wrong um wrong place.
We'll see. I'm I'm stuck in a weird place right now. Like I said I want to go back to Sierra High school. Uh So I'm trying to get a job with the V. A. I see you sit and I'll go anywhere for that because if I'm in the V. A. There's a chance they'll pay for it. They've got a program. Um But if I don't get that pretty soon here I'm just gonna have to take a job at the burn icu because you know financially it wouldn't make sense to go somewhere else without that kind of benefit being on the table.
And here I mean we've got a hospital, mm. All right. I guess college 15 minutes away that as a C. RNA. Program. So if I stayed here there will probably be a pretty good bet I get into that one. So it's like it's just not what's the word? It wouldn't be worth it to leave right now unless I get a position in the V. I.
Have you ever taken a trip to Canada?
There was a bar I read about I think it was in Toronto. They've got a drink called the sour toe cocktail or something. But they've actually got like a mummified toe
that they put in the spot to drink it like touches your lips. Don't eat the toe though. That's reused for all the shots.
Like the legit human toe. It's cool.
You got to put it on the bucket list.
I took a trip to new york city once uh was underaged us. I can enjoy the bars, but that's pretty cool.
I almost got arrested when I was there there. Okay,
I was getting on the ferry to go to the island with the statue of liberty. And they've got airport style security and I was carrying a pocket knife, which is 100% normal for anyone down here.
Very
Everybody in their child period of pocket knife down here, apparently that's 100% legal up there. So they had me wait for like an hour while. I don't know. They looked me up and confiscated my pocket knife and they were like, be glad we caught you here. You've been caught with this on the subway, you straight to jail.
And that's just so different from here. I mean, I'm allowed to carry my gun here and everything. Yeah.
Get all right. Mhm. What was your name again? Rebecca, Rachel, Rachel. I need to start with. No, I'm awful with names.
that's right. All right, Rachel. Well, I think it's been 25 minutes.
Uh It's been lovely chatting with you, but I do need to go to the grocery store and then the
gym.
You as well. And best of luck with your doctorate program.
Thank you. Thank you.