is it working now?
I can hear you. It says my mikes on, hold on. Yeah.
Mhm. Can you me do this? No, God, what is that? Okay. Um
mhm. All right. Did it work this time?
what? Mhm, Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah.
Mhm.
Get
it.
I'm glad it finally
worked. It's,
I'm Rachel,
to meet you.
Um I lived in Philly, but recently have moved back to New Jersey while all this was going on. What about you?
Are
you originally from the south or?
nice. Where is the favorite place you've been?
Okay? Cool. Anything particular reason why?
Yeah. Mid one trip
is, yeah, I like the seasons. Do I feel like that's a lot while I like a lot of the reason why I like Philly and Jersey as you get that moderate temperature.
I have, I have two cousins who are originally from Atlanta so visited a few times, so I definitely familiar with the area.
No,
it wasn't pretty, but
um, I recently just graduated from my Master's program so I'm kind of on this weird break of not having anything to do between now and I started PhD program in the fall. So
I'll be moving up to upstate new york for that. What about you?
Um Clinical psychology. So I do my research on Children with autism. So Been five years but I like them. So
it's work. What what do you
what do you do?
Nice. That's all.
my gosh, good for you
Yeah. That's amazing that you do that. That's crazy.
I have, one of my friends is an ICU nurse and he loved it so much
and it's tough work but it's really rewarding from what I've heard. Uh huh.
And more.
it's so hard.
It's hard to relocate. Especially if you're interested in doing something that would bring you to another area I can yeah. Talk about like from experience with, I know I'm looking at moving obviously right now and finding places to live, like finding jobs is so difficult. So not the best time to do all that
25.
Not that much older.
I only took I wear between when I graduated
undergrad and when I went back for my masters, so had a year, full time of working when I like was trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. And then once I figured that out, I was kind of like I need to go back in order to do what I want to do. So, but it's definitely, we're not having a steady paycheck anymore, so that
is
Yeah, it's so hard with all that. It's like, I mean, luckily most PhD programs I'm going to a fully funded one so I don't have to pay to go. But I mean for my masters it was like you're paying for two years and you're a full time student and I worked odd jobs here and there part time like on weekends when I could, but it was kind of like grab money basically. Yeah.
Oh,
Like
I've been trying to pick up more exercising. I feel like that's been a good thing to like it kept me in a routine, which has been good. So I kinda like wake up, first thing I do is do some form of exercise, like get on my bike or take a walk around the block or run or something trying to pick up old hobbies as well. I've been doing a lot more reading than I used to. But like not reading related to what I study more. So just like fun reading things that are just mindless that I can sit down and do. And also
trying to play the guitar again, which is hard. What about you?
it
yep. I did the same thing basically because I went where I was living in Philly. It's like you really couldn't have a bike. So once I graduated college, I really never did it. And then being back home now, it's like I have more space to do stuff. I have more time to do stuff. So It's hard for me to just sit down and not do anything. So like what I feel myself getting in that lull or boredom, I'm like, all right, let's just go grab my bike, take 30 minutes to an hour and just feel right somewhere and it's been nice.
That's awesome. Okay. Has it been nice in Georgia for the most part? Like has the weather been nice?
well.
Oh yeah that I do not miss how humid it is there.
A c problems that'll that'll do it when you're done so.
no.
right. Are you in more like an urban area or you kind of do more room where you're living
and
more
can't complain about that. I feel like you're right in between everything but you're not in the hubbub of everything but you also if you wanted to get to it you could get there. It's not,
Of
course.
I feel like it's so crazy because I I mean I don't know if you like watching sports and stuff on tv but that's like I am a huge college basketball fan and when I feel like that was the first thing I was really canceled was the tournament and I was very upset. So it's just weird not having any sports to follow or anything.
Yeah. No I I totally get that I played sports all growing up so it's like weird too. There are some sports I can't watch on Tv and I feel like like I can't watch football on tv. I don't know why like I've never been into watching NFL, I can't really watch baseball on Tv but like I feel like my two things are like I can watch soccer or college basketball and that's pretty much it.
It's the novelty of you have to watch, you have to watch because everyone's gonna talk about it and some crazy records gonna be broken or whatever it is.
Um I played soccer my whole life and I, when I took my year off from college, I coached as well. So yeah.
Nice. I think it's such a cool sport, but I feel like it's so hard to play.
That's
true.
I played on a real team in college but like was not that good, like couldn't serve well, but I'd like stand in the corner and help out when I could.
Oh well, I love that.
I love that.
Oh, we have college intramurals, those are the best for sure.
I
feel like I've been binging so many things. I just finished High Fidelity on Hulu, which was based off the movie and then they made it into a tv show with what is her name? Zoe Kravitz, whose fantastic. And then elsewhere in been doing Ozark,
I'm in the middle of binging right now, I'm like on season three,
so and I usually I'm not into like more drama, I'm usually into suspense and thrillers or like comedy with when it comes to binging shows, but I just heard it. I feel like I had so many people recommended to me that I eventually just had to try
it and then just I mean Jason Bateman's fantastic, so it was hard not to get into it, but I definitely recommend that.
Yes, I have, I heard them caught up in the newest season because I don't think it's on netflix yet, but I'm caught up everything that's on netflix,
is it?
I had no idea. Are you all
caught
up?
Did they
find
out? Well,
oh, you read the book sterile,
that's
awesome. You know that show? I feel like I didn't expect a lot out of it, but the more I watched it, the better it got. I'm disappointed that this last season now that's so setting. Uh huh
Yeah, no, they I feel like I've kept up, it's like one of the shows I've consistently kept up with, like every single
time they drop it on netflix, I'm like, okay, I stopped like what I'm watching and I'm like, I have to bend these 10 episodes of the magicians before I do anything else. But
it's
hard
to convince people to watch it because it's like, I feel like the like the premise of it and also the trailers don't do it justice. You really have to just be like, just watch the first few episodes because that's really what gets people hooked, but it's a hard one to really sell the people. I feel like.
actually it's definitely darker for sure.
That is a great show. Is that all you're are you watching anything else besides that?
I've heard good things about it. I haven't started with it.
It
I
know,
I've heard it's very similar to reckon morty, like similar if you, if you like record more that you would like solar opposites is whatever.
Yeah. Would you say you like to recommend a better though? Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, so clever. All right.
It's
also my favorite holiday.
yep. I love, I feel like I dress up. I always dress up at least twice every year and I always do, I have a consistent bellatrix Lestrange costume that I do every year, but I add something to it every year. Like this year I got like a floor length dress instead of just using like a skirt and a T shirt. But and then I always think of another costume to act like to wear a different thing. But love haunted walk through. I don't know if our haunted like walk through the big thing and haunted house is a big thing in the south.
scotch.
Because I know like up here like every, I think they're like within philadelphia there's maybe like four or five like huge haunted walk throughs where people spend like hours in line to get into.
Yeah, I did one. I do it every year at the Eastern State penitentiary in philadelphia. It's like one of its like the east coast version of Alcatraz basically. So super fun. The people get to touch you in it, which is like a big deal. They can pull you and drag you down hallways and stuff. But I think it's great. I love Halloween. So it's really fun.
I
do believe in ghosts. Haven't seen one. But like I don't believe in ghosts in this sense of like ghost hunters. Like I think that's kind of weird, but I totally believe in the presence of entities I guess is the right word. What about you?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah. I feel
like my opinion is like, I don't believe like the physical appearance of a ghost, but I feel like spooky things. I do. I haven't experienced anything though and I'm usually the kind of person where I'm like, unless I have definitive proof one way or the other, I don't make a decision, but I like lean towards it does exist.
So do you have any any fun plans coming up for the rest of the week while in quarantine?
Uh, are you a morning shift or a night shift?
lovely.
I love
that. Yeah, I used to be a pre med major in college, so I definitely remember that stuff and it also reminds me why I didn't follow through going to medical school.
yep, I was
bio pre-med as well and I was like I love working with people, don't love the gross stuff.
so you you get less obviously less complaining and less crazy stories,
thank you.
Oh yeah, I feel like I've heard I've heard nightmares when I have a few friends were nurses and I feel like I hear most nightmares from like emergency room stuff.
one friend said he was burned by a cigarette at one time, like of a guy coming into the ICU or not, they see you in the emergency room and I'm like I don't know how you keep professional in those situations because I would lose it.
Yeah, I get people a lot of credit who can do that. Mhm.
No, it's not easy for sure.
Yeah, it's difficult, but it's worth it. I would say
it's
it's just like, it's weird because I also, when I was like, when I was an underground taking those classes, I was like, oh, like it's so interesting, but like, I don't know what I would do with it or like how I would apply it. And then it wasn't until I took my gap year, I worked kind of as a teacher slash therapist for kids who have like severe behavioral problems and and then I was like, you know what, like it would be cool to go back and do research and like use psychology and I just, I feel like it just kind of happened to work out. So
is a hard, hard degree coming out of undergrad to just get a job and that is definitely true. So I feel like that's I was in a good place like having a biology, I had a biology and the neuroscience major. So I was I was like you know I can always fall back on like going into just a research field of grad school hasn't worked out like I could just go into any type of pharmaceutical or medical research and be fine. But
uh huh it works. But yeah no I know a lot of my friends who were like undergrounds who either like had to get a second degree in something completely different or like I just had to go to school for a bunch more years before they could actually find something
damn
uh huh For like right now or for after that's over
I would love to move back to philadelphia. Like that's my my dream location is to live like somewhere and near philadelphia because there is a lot like that's where a lot of the cutting edge autism research is. Like I would love to work in a hospital setting but do a lot of the diagnostics for that. Um and also like improve intervention. But I would like to move back down here because like most of my family's in the general area of New Jersey Philly pennsylvania in general. But I would love to when when I have I feel like it's hard with this was supposed to be my summer before going to my PhD where I would do a lot of traveling and stuff. So unfortunately
that's kind of gotten swept under the rug for now. But I would love to get another summer in where I could, you know take the time off and I want it really wanted to go backpacking this summer because I have done that before, but we'll see when
I get what you say.
I've done a few places in europe already just like I went abroad when I was in college and then visited a few places two years ago. But I would love to just like do a smaller scale trip with like less luggage and actually get to see more of the, I would like to see some of the less touristy places because I feel like you know a lot of times the first time you go like you have to see the Eiffel Tower, you have to see like the coliseum. But I would like to see more
on places I guess
it was.
Well
Myers.
How
was that?
that's on my list of places to go as well and I'm like I would love to just spend a week or two there and I have so many friends who have visited and my cousin, my cousin lived there. My cousin from Georgia lived there for I think like four or five years before coming back and she like raves about it all the time.
So much better than here.
yeah anywhere that has an efficient, that voice system is like golden to make, so I feel like I'm only used to crappy transportation. Yeah.
I was going to say I feel like there is a much public transportation in Georgia.
What's up?
wow, that's like you
know
Uh huh that's really cool. I did I am I don't know if you've been to, well you said you went to your when you were younger, but I did um a trip to brussels in Belgium and they have this like, ali because I don't know if you've ever had delirium beer, it's like one of the biggest breweries Basically ever, and there they have the most amount of beers available in one bar in the world, like over 300 years available
and like, I'm not like a huge beer person, but like, they, I could just tell them like what tastes I liked and they would just like pick one up for me, it was so good,
it was,
I started running Copenhagen, I cannot recommend that place more. Yes. Yeah,
Yeah,
No. Are
you, You know, I'm 25, going to grad school for the next five years, probably will not be until at least 30
wolf.
I
feel like that's such a perpetuated stereotypes about people in the south. So it's funny that like, you're like, no, that's totally what happens here.
Oh no, like the complete opposite up here, everyone's like 25, you're still like a child.
it's just, I just love the faster paced life, like every time I visit somewhere in the south, I love it. But I'm like, I'm just, my mentality is just so go, go, go all the time that I'm like, I don't know how, how I, I couldn't do it.
yeah. Well, I can recommend the east, well, the northern east coast, not to north, I can only vouch for like, up to new york. Right.
Yeah, I got them.
Yeah, no, I probably got that, that's how I felt about PhD programs when I was applying and like, I don't want to go too far, but if I find a place that will pay for me where I can get out of you know like experience a different state for a little bit. Like I'm totally good with that. I mean new york is only one state over but it's like literally next to Canada. So
um not not any further than like the Canadian side of Niagara Falls, that's been like the furthest I've gone again But where I'll be for grad school be um three hours from Toronto I think so. To do like a weekend trip there.
What?
That's bizarre.
I feel like that's very Canadian.
Yeah, I know, I have to look it up when I do my research for things to do when I move up to upstate new york. What?
Yeah, I feel like new york city for me it doesn't have as much allure anymore because I feel like I've grown up so close to it and I visited all the time.
interesting.
yep. And hundreds Not
normal going Ellis Island. Yeah.
Yeah I know you were very lucky.
It's crazy how different the north and south even just like on the east Coast are. It's like different rules regulations, ways of life. Right. Yeah.
I'm very good with names. Your name is Andrew
I think it definitely has so I didn't check the time. Okay.
same.
I need to work on some stuff. It was very nice meeting you.
Yeah best of luck with looking for your C. RNA programs.
We'll see you.