Hi,
I'm good, how are you?
Yeah. Thanks. What's
your name?
Thanks. Thanks.
My name is Tiffany,
nice to meet you too. You, have you done this before? I know that like they've had this open a few times.
It's my first time to I've I'm the same where I've been using prolific for about two months, two and I've seen it like pop up every now and then, but like ourselves, like webcam required and I was like, I don't know about that. Um and I was like 17 extra dollars. I was like dang. Like that sounds pretty good.
Has
Yeah. I mean, are you on, what like side of the country are you in? Are you in the U. S. Or?
I'm in California and I I think I've only been out of state like once in my life.
Yeah. That's cool that you've been to a lot like, and they're like, those states are pretty like far out. Like I'd await I actually remember item of that is Idaho like closer to the east coast or is that like above? Like next to Montana?
Okay. That's what I thought. For some reason, I don't know why I always think Idaho was like next to like michigan or Missouri. I don't know what
I think
it's happy at.
Yeah.
Honestly, I personally like California. I don't know, I'm not like a big, like, I think I just prefer the weather here. I feel like I'd be too scared to go to anywhere else. Like where does hurricanes and tornadoes and like things. I don't know. I mean, I know we have like earthquakes and virus, but like personally for me, like I haven't really experienced a lot of those, so I'm kind of chilling and where I'm at.
Yeah, it's been pretty bad. I mean I haven't really been too affected by it, I've only been like kind of had bad air quality but it's not even like that terrible like I'm like I mean other places have it worse obviously so it's not
been too bad for me.
that's scary
Yeah. That's crazy. I feel like I don't want to see I don't remember the last time like I've been out of power. I feel like that doesn't happen very often. It's
like a break that hit something but even then like at least for me like my area doesn't have a lot of mistakes. Are there really minor?
Yeah. Are you are you still in school now? Are you in the workforce
and
this?
yeah I'm in college right now so it's my fourth year actually
I'm studying accounting. I think that sounds really boring
to be honest. I don't really know I don't have that much work experience in the field. Um I mean I'm sure there's probably times where you get to talk to people and like whether it's through your career like I think it also depends because accounting can like consist of taxes and actual business side of it. I feel like if you're taxing like especially individual taxation that's probably more like with people I think if it's like more so accounting, I feel like you spend more time like figuring out numbers and stuff like that rather than talking with people but I'm not sure. I've never really
worked in the field. Yeah.
No I'm like I'm not that much of a people person, I'm not sure if you can not only known each other for like five minutes. I like to just kind of sit down and do my work. Yeah I don't mind it.
I'm
certain bad.
I know.
Yeah, I used to work at my university um like in the dining halls. Um I don't work there anymore because of Covid. But yeah, that was like, that was a nice time from like when I worked there, I get to also eat there for free, so I was like, you know, I was like,
I didn't get to who is always busy with school and doesn't have time to cook, it doesn't have a lot of money and like this is nice.
Um I would say Kind of, I don't really live too far from my university, I live about 30 minutes away. So originally I used to live in apartment nearby, so I just instead of just moved home since everything's online now, mostly because of my work um like the quarter before Covid, I I just got promoted to be a supervisor and my um and I worked and we were like we were opening a new location or it was like a the location was like being rebuilt for I think like two years, two or three years. And so it was like opening and so I was being reassigned there. Um And so like we didn't even get to open it because Covid happened and then we didn't get to like the opening, we I didn't get to even like work as a supervisor really. I was really sad
because I was like, oh like that was kind of like a lot of work my work experience was and like hopefully something I could put on my resume, especially like in a leadership position, I was kind of that better than that. I mean, Covid hasn't really impacted and much besides things went online, but like I personally am not super, like, like I'm not like really? Um I was troubled by the change from like in person to online. I think I can still do all of my classes, but I'm glad I get to be home with my family more. So that's a nice bonus for me. Okay.
No, I'm only 21, so that's kind of super far into,
right? No. Yeah, I live with my my mom and my brother.
don't know. Yeah, that's so weird to me. That's like the complete opposite,
Are you married though? Are you still single?
Oh, do you
like
Earth?
No, I don't. I really wish I did. Uh my mom does not like pets. She's like, she thinks that all 30 so she doesn't care of it. Um But I think, yeah, when I'm, I guess if I remove out, I would love to get a pet and I always watch videos online of like dogs or cats. Sara just animals and like man, they look so cute together. I just want to I want like a cuddly friend too.
Um I mean I don't know I feel like I'm open to any, I feel like I would probably want a dog over a cat. I don't know. I feel like I feel like like for me personally like my love languages physical touch. So I feel like some cats are just like not like that and some cats would just be like he's out, I'm on my own, you know? Um Yeah I feel good my dog more um Like
as
for what type of dog? I don't know. I think I'm open to anything. I definitely always want a golden retriever. I just think there's just so cute and they're like,
and
it
would be
funny
too because I'm personally, I'm like really small. Like I'm like very petite person and then, so I don't think it be fun to have like a big dog.
Now,
Yeah, that's nice. And it sounds like a good setup with your roommate. I mean, I feel like that's like my ideal like to have kind of two separate locations but like not so far apart that I'm like completely isolated. Yeah.
No,
really? That that sounds so like, like I feel like for me that's kind of like why I guess I'm scared of growing up. I feel like I am just so like I don't really care what my house looks. I mean I care that's clean, but like when it comes to signing things and like organizing it, I'm like, just put it wherever. But then I feel like people are going to be like took me, why is your house? So like all over the place?
That's true.
You mentioned that you have three brothers, right? Are you so close with them or?
That's
the
same.
And
No, I'm like a home person. I'm like, I like
um I mostly like play games in my free time. Ah
But yeah, I mean right now I don't have a lot of free time. Um Yeah, I like to play games, watch tv. I don't know like this stuff on the internet.
My like favorite show of all time is booking 99 Like it's to me is like,
like I I watch it, I'm watching it for the third time. I don't know why I try to watch other shows and I'm like, well it's not funny and then like a Brooklyn Dark, the nice guy laughing.
it's funny. Like I don't get like I don't watch a lot of shows, so I haven't watched, I watched like some episodes of The Office kind of like when I'm with my friends and they're like watching it. So I want to watch like it sporadically um and I want to watch and then like parks and recs to. Um But yeah.
that's it for me. Like I feel like I can't watch it at least it's hard for me to watch shows or like movies on my own because I feel like I want to make fun of it for the no one's around me to make fun of it with that way. But
that's what I
heard.
Or like they have like new features, like I guess you can stream it to each other or something like that or like you cannot watch at the same
time. I've never tried it there so I know how it works.
Hello?
I mean
that is pretty Laghi.
Uh huh. Is there anything else you have to do like besides? I know you mentioned my hiking a lot and and watching I know you mentioned you had a bookshelf or like you with your color arrangement, you like reading
and
I know
I did get to exercise a little bit over the summer
but I find it I don't know, I feel good. Doesn't have a lot for your time now, but I told them I know what you mean by like getting weaker. I feel like I like I mean I didn't work out that much before either, but I feel like when I was working like, because I had to do like, I would bring some back and forth, or I'd be on my feet a lot. I would like to have some muscle, but then I realized like two months after I stopped working, I was like, everything is so heavy now and I mean, I'm already school, so everything is already heavy to begin with. I'm actually really, really weak now. I'm not sure what happened. Uh huh. I mean, over the summer I tried working out. I try to do like, a lot of like push ups and like banks and stuff like that. Uh huh. But yeah, I haven't really had the time. I'm also a lot more easier now. I feel like,
yeah, I'm busy with school and then um I also help my mom with her work too. She's like a caregiver, like daycare in a sense. Um I'm like about three ish kids that comes every day, but like sometimes it can be a handful and some of the kids they go to school online to. Um So my mom doesn't understand how to use like the technological stuff of it. Um and so I usually help her with that, so it's kind of like challenging to like help someone else with their school work, but then also I have classes too, and I have to do my schoolwork and then this quarter this quarter for me, I have like a logical, a lot of group projects and I'm like dressing out of
it.
one of them is like about two years old or I think when he's kind of young. Yeah. And so he's like, he like loves to mess around here, like pull anything he sees, or like just put everything inside his mouth. Just stop my hat. Yeah.
I feel like those are
like that's that's like the best age range because they're like, they're not like I guess I don't wanna say smart if I want to say that they're not like they won't talk back to you as much, but they're like
super
cute. Kids are learning about do things and like really eager to talk about stuff.
How
is?
Yeah. I feel like babysitting kind of like what you mentioned with dogs or earlier, where it's like you got to kind of like have fun with kids. But then at the end you're like, okay, here's a travel back, You can
put that
on the end of the day. Yeah.
Thanks you too.
maybe if you get paired up again somehow.
Yeah. It was nice meeting you guys.