Hello.
How's it going?
yeah, pretty good. Yeah. Just went for a walk and did some stretching and now just doing this conversation.
What?
I'm kat my full name is Katherine, but I go by cat.
What's your name? Yeah, I'm sorry. I didn't hear that. What's up
Tiffany. Cool. Nice to meet you.
No, I haven't done it before. I've been on prolific and doing surveys on there for like the past two months probably, but I haven't seen this one pop up yet. So it's my first time doing this. What about you?
Yeah, for sure. Well I'm, you seem nice. So I'm glad that we're chat partners. So I was like,
who am I going to talk to you? Like what if they're weird, but you seem cool. So
I'm in the west in Utah. So yeah, I didn't grow up here, but I was born in Utah. But I've also lived in like Idaho and California. And so I've, I've lived a few different places. What about you?
Oh my gosh!
So it's, it's like next to Wyoming and it also borders uh eastern Oregon and eastern Washington in the panhandle of it. So there's like a little pig part that goes up and then it touches can.
it's because there's like Ohio and stuff people
get
mixed up with Ohio a lot um
California. Cool. I miss it there. I I've been back to visit or I visited san Francisco a couple of years ago. Um it's kind of like wild in san Francisco. We were like in Haight Ashbury and like all the different like popular neighborhood. So it was a little bit crazy but California is huge. I mean you really don't ever need to leave. You got everything so
Yeah I'm glad that you're staying safe where you're at because I know the fires have been pretty bad in certain areas.
medium
that's good. Yeah, there was like a crazy windstorm here a few weeks ago which is kind of not characteristic for Utah because we're like surrounded by mountains on all sides. So usually stuff like that doesn't happen but for whatever reason it just picked up and like it blew down trees and power lines and was like peeling off people's roofs and blowing them away like.
So many people without power here for quite a few days, luckily mine wasn't really affected but crazy stuff.
Both.
Mhm. That's good. Yeah, when I lived there I lived there for about nine or 10 years and I never really felt an earthquake. We did earthquake drills in school all the time, like hiding a risk but never had to actually use it.
No, I work right now. I work as a caregiver for a woman with disabilities, so I just go to her house, she lives with her family, so I go there on weekdays and just give her parents like some respite time so
they
can do other stuff. But my job is great, I love it. I mean the person that I take care of is super sweet and like just fun to be around, it's a little bit challenging sometimes because she doesn't speak or she doesn't communicate through sign language or anything, just like where she's looking or her facial expression. So I really just have to pay close attention and like now I know her well, I've been working with her for like 3.5 years, so I I know her pretty well. But yeah, it's a great job. What about you? Are you in school or do you work?
I'm cool. What are you studying?
Well, that's an important job and it's a, it's a good career. I think if you don't, if you can crunch the numbers and not have to deal directly with people or do you have to deal directly with people as an accountant?
hmm.
you want to work with people directly or do you want to be more in the background?
Okay. Yeah. I don't know. I've worked in jobs where you have to deal with like customers like sales or food service
before.
Hate it. It's the worst just people coming in and you never know what's going to happen and angry customers
like Yeah, well I think I can do it again. But I worked at Cold stone when I was in high school. That was pretty cool though cause I got free ice cream. So that was definitely a bonus.
19
Yeah, that's a huge bonus for sure. Especially when you're in school because like finances can be tight. So, So has your life been super affected by Covid then?
there,
that would be doing it. So do you live with your siblings or do you, are you married? You have kids and stuff?
And
mm hmm. Fun. I have brothers too. I have three brothers, but where else from that? Like they won lives in Portland ones in Boise ones in L. A. So we're all really spread out. But I'm just laughing to myself because in Utah 21 that's like normal age to get married, because of.
it's very weird. It's so weird here. Like, I mean there's tons of mormon people, like I was raised mormon, but I'm not at all. But definitely, that's the norm, like, Oh, we're 19 years old, were getting married forever and we're going to start having kids right now. I'm like, how can you do that? Like your life just barely starting. I mean I'm 29 years old and I still don't feel that ready to have kids or like I don't know, I'm like five or 10 more years, then I'll do that. Maybe
no, I'm not married. Yeah, so I'm like an old maid here, basically,
but
I'm
like, what? Um Yeah, I live with one of my best friends actually, and she owns the house, so it's pretty cool. Um I can paint or do, just moved in with her in july, but before that I was living with my grandmother, I lived with her for four years and helped take care of her because she's pretty, she's elderly and she's not in great health, so I cared for her for quite a while, but it got to be kind of a lot, especially when quarantine started because before she had another assistant who would come in and kind of give me some time off because I was also working still. But then quarantine happened, so it was just her and I like 24/7 uh basically like from the moment I woke up till the moment I went to bed, just like on call, it was it was a bit stressful, I mean I love her and she's awesome, but I just reached that point where I felt that I had to move To move on with my life, I'm like, you know what, I'm almost 30, like other people in the family can step up and like help take care of her. So yeah, it's it's been working out well and my my roommate, even though we're best friends, were both pretty introverted so we don't see each other very much, I mean she lives downstairs and I live upstairs um we see each other occasionally, it works out just fine and she just got a new dog, she has a corgi also which is great, we go hiking with the corgi. Um Do you have any pets?
Uh there's no cute animals are great, what what kind of animal would you get?
for
me
There is one bedroom,
they
look
so
help.
Oh that would be so cute, yeah, retrievers are great and they're so like sweet and smart and they are very cuddly and fun. Uh Yeah I would love to get a dog, I've never had a dog before, I had a cat. Um She was actually a gift to me, which was a little bit crazy that somebody would give me a cat for a gift, but it was my ex boyfriend. So one valentine's day, you just got home a cat and I was like, all right, I love this cat, I'm not going to get rid of it. But also this is hard because I was still planning on like traveling around and moving different places and it's kind of difficult to bring an animal with you. But I did and uh I found out that she was actually elderly only a few years ago and then she ended up passing away earlier this year because just from old age related stuff. But it was really sad and at this point I'm just happy with my roommates pets because I can just hang out with them when they want and they're also not my responsibility
and I don't have to hold thousands of dollars for their vet bills.
That's really weird like and it's it's been
fun you like arranging the house. Um I put up like these bookshelves and arranged all the books and like rainbow color and just putting up art and stuff. I think we're going to redo the kitchen a little bit more and like paint the cabinets white and put on like put up some new wallpaper and yeah, there's just a lot of, a lot of house projects when you're a homeowner, I guess.
I'm sure it's fine and I mean whatever works for you, whatever system works for you. I mean that's the best system honestly. So I mean I just because you grow up, it doesn't mean you have it all together really,
but I've actually worked doing like house cleaning and organization for a while. So I've, I learned, I learned a little bit along the line and especially growing up, my mom would always be on me to like clean and organized because because I was raised mormon because that's like the woman's role and the family is to like clean and cook and raise the family. So I guess I was always taught how to do that. But it's kind of weird when there's like little girls and you're like, okay, like pretend like you're taking care of a baby, organize the house, do the laundry. The boys are just like, okay, go play out here like gender roles, not a fan,
definitely. Um It sucks because we live so far apart, but we still talk on the phone pretty regularly. My my youngest brother who lives in L. A. Just came to visit a few weeks ago and like with Covid, I've just been really like isolated and not like not hanging out with people. I know some people are like kind of resuming hanging out with close friends. And I did, I did a few times and then I was like, I
don't know
like
is it okay? Especially because because I'm a caregiver for someone who's like medically fragile, so I have to be extra careful because like if I gave it to her, then I would feel like, oh my god, like I murdered her or something. It wouldn't, it wouldn't really be like that, but I would still feel like that. So um But yeah, my brother came to visit me and it was fun. He was only here for a couple of days. But we went hiking, uh there's like a lot of great nature stuff in Utah like trees and aspen forests and pretty much any hike you go on, you can almost, you can see like deer or like moose like somebody got trampled by a moose here recently because they approached them
like aggressive or no, it was an elk actually. Um So there can be a little dangerous, but it's cool to see. Is there any like cool, do you like to do outdoors stuff at all?
What are your hobbies
and home?
What kind of shows do you like?
I know, I know.
Yeah, I get what you mean. It's so good. Every watched it a few times myself or like The Office and you know, things like that. Of course we want.
Oh, I've been watching so many movies during quarantine. I got this new movie app where I can keep track of all of them and you can review them too. But I love like really old shitty movies for like the 1890s. Like I watched this one recently called Con Air with Nicolas Cage as the main star. So you can imagine how like bad the acting was. But like there's a bunch of prisoners and they're all together on an airplane and then they start a riot on the airplane and then they crash the airplane in the las Vegas strip and like, yeah, it's insane.
Yeah, it's true. There's been a few times or like, I don't know, supposedly there are ways that you can watch hulu or netflix with somebody else over video chat.
It
won't.
And then,
yeah, I haven't tried it for quite a while, but I did a few months ago and it did not
work well,
so
well it was and I don't know even if you can, even if you're on video chat and you can get the video to sync up on your individual players, like you can still hear their audio and then video chat is making it lag. And I don't know maybe there's a better way to do it now. But when I tried it a few months ago.
Yeah, I do like reading. And also the bookshelf has all my collage supplies. Like I love to get old books from the thrift store, just like anything like National Geographic or like just old science books and then use it to make collages. Not like not to like sell my work or display it anywhere but just for fun. So I do that sometimes I like to do yoga. I've done yoga teacher training before.
Uh huh this last year. So that was pretty fun. What else? Let's see. I used to do rock climbing, I was way into rock climbing before court like there's there are a couple of great rock climbing gyms where I live, so I had a membership there and I would go like five times a week, but now I don't go anymore because there's not really a safe place to go, but you can you can climb outside too, it's just a little bit different. I like the gym climbing a little better because it's more controlled like it feels a bit safer. Um So I missed that a lot, I feel like I've gotten so much weaker
exercise routine, like do you like to do any like exercise kind of stuff?
Well.
Are you just really busy with school? Is that the main thing?
well
that is a lot going on at once. And also kids too, I mean depending on how old they are, kids can be kind of hard to take a lot of energy like on their own.
kids are funny. I used to do babysitting to before Covid, I haven't since then, but I miss a babysat for the cutest kids. There were like three, there are three and five now I guess
then.
And
then
yeah, they can communicate but they still, yeah, they still have like funny ideas. I remember uh one time I was putting one of the little girls to bed the five year old and she was like cat, our spider is real. And I was like, yeah, spiders are real, she's like are monsters real. I was like, no, don't worry. Monsters are real, spiders are real, but they're not going to come get you. Like what? Where
is
she coming up with this? Yeah, they're funny.
That's
it.
Uh well that is 25 minutes. It was super nice talking to you and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
Okay. Well I will see you later then or not seemly. But
that's true if we both do this survey and then possibly.
Yeah. You to Tiffany's Asia.