Hi,
how are you?
I am fantastic. So what's going on?
Right? Where are you?
Oh hey, greetings from Los Angeles. Mm
mhm.
You know
you
graduated? Oh you started college, you said.
And then two months later. That sucks.
just working through it and it's nice to kind of work from home. But I mean this pandemic has been a little stressful but also I feel like I need it this
time because I learned a lot.
And yeah. Yeah. I have like a love hate relationship with it but boiled down. I do think it sucks for a lot of people.
I am in the mortgage
baking industry. So I mean that could mean anything. I right now I help get people loans and for some reason this pandemic has made business crazy. Absolutely crazy.
I mean it's good but at the same time it's a bit overwhelming but still I'm grateful to be employed. So
what,
what did you study in school?
Mm. Alright. Like these positions were looking for they like remote or you're trying to go to office or what like
so
while you were in school did you like get any training like did you have to enter anywhere? Anything or you just like.
Of course.
So is that the only like Phil you're trying to apply to or you just expanding your options or What?
You think get a good job right now? Equality insurance will prevent you from getting a
software engineer job is there?
wait
wait. You say boot camp? What?
And
crude.
Wait
a minute. What if you apply for a Q. A. Position at like a bank or something and then let them know you're interested in software engineering and stuff like that. Because I believe banks have that department some I. T. Type shit there and I only work for a bank and I see that I was just looking at the job on first. I want to get the hell out of this department. But I do see so a bet. Sure.
Yeah.
Yes when you said bootcamp I thought it was gonna be like some exercise type.
So no I mean you know how the little five a.m. Bootcamp things go I don't know maybe you don't know what they have them out here. That was just about to sign up for one. It's just like some extreme exercise type. Yeah whatever. Who do you live with?
Are you the youngest sibling?
We call them little Children. Yeah.
Mm. Is your sister spoiled? If you have to think about it? No
the
T. V.
On a scale of 1-5? Actually no the scale is 13 because three of you, there is no scale. I want to know who's executed sibling, is it you your sister or your your older brother better looking?
Oh my God, you don't think you're the cutest
the
the other.
You
pay your sister's cutters or you have to say yourself. I don't know. I don't even know. That's like a weird question anyway.
Yes. Mr
koo's acoustic guitar player.
Oh shit. I didn't see all those that like a base or is that a guitar as well,
cool. What a night. Parents in. My sister gave me a piano and I never played it. My
boyfriend plays it and it's, I don't know if you see it, shit. There it is. I and they'll get at it.
I know
I took a few classes but I was like, my fingers hurt. I don't know. I guess I have like early stages of carpal tunnel or something
been throwing up too many gang signs maybe. I don't know. Yeah.
And you're free
and then, well, I guess it's easier to just david role
now
contact,
Mm I believe it. Oh, so what are your plans for today?
Congratulations. I hope you get it. If it's what? Or need, I hope you get it. All positive energy to you.
How
much
training?
What the fuck? That's what if first job is their friend hiring you for shitty money? It sounds like it could be like a scam.
I
hope it's different to people are out here getting, it's a weird time right now. I mean
the scammers already existed, but even more so right now they're like fucking cutting, cut through training you and then making
you take
the first job. How do you know they want that?
We're just not
it.
that is ridiculous. That is horrible plan. And people actually signed this out of desperation.
We'll find this contract
man.
Dude I am so happy. My dude got a job because his unemployment was I guess running out. I don't really understand how that works. But he had like another few weeks or something to get a job and finally got one which is
great because money was getting weird in this house. So I'm happy for that. But
at the same time his job chest him three days a week, Monday Wednesday Friday for Covid.
So
no he's gone. He goes he goes and they touch them so often so before he's walking around with the mass under his mouth now that they test them so often, where are you going? Don't go at the house where you all crazy style
like I'm on house arrest because we can't get covid we're fine. But anyways that just reminded me of the whole unemployment shit, like I hope you find a job. I hope it's a good one. I hope it's no fucking weird scam.
Um He works in the entertainment industry and um he's like sound doing sound mixing or something like that, something like that, something like that. So he's working on some show and I'm happy you got that damn job because my girlfriend as paid her boyfriend's rent for a few months now and I did not want that to be me. Yeah, okay, you
know
I worked at home and in the office, so last week I was in office, I am actually on vacation right now. So in about a week I'll report to the office the first day of my vacation
after this
I'm going to go to like that.
The bike path. I'm going to go right my bike at the L. A. River,
yep. And I don't really have very many plans. I usually will travel, but my car is on its way out so I can't strip my car out, which was called the stress. And also I can't really, you're not playing at the moment. So I'm just gonna stay local and take short trips and me visit some friends that won't mind being in my presence from a distance. Well, and I miss my parents, but I can't go visit them. So here I am killing the same room I knew my work in. Thanks. Covid. What's all right? I am doing way better than so many people, so
I don't want to stop
like I'm ungrateful and I'm happy or anything, but it is definitely strange,
yep. Even my
friends and family are acting here, I'm like okay
that is scary. First of all, last trade after there's a viper's everywhere. But um damn, I'm glad she got home where
in California with you
Los Angeles. No.
I mean if it was like it was probably L. A. If it was like part C. Or whatever. Did you say? Model whether she would be out here for?
uh huh.
Not important. I'm glad she left.
Glad she hated home is what I met. There's a lot of people that are not from here that are just this that's all I meet very rarely were like meat elevated, which is, there's nothing wrong with that. Yeah, nothing at all. But yeah, what is your name?
My name is. Andrea nice to meet you on risk. Oh on this being revealing.
It's
This is my 31.
This is the first, How did your first one go
Fatima. What? I didn't know it was international.
Cool. I did. So vote for the people. I get this work. It was after Covid. I actually signed up for prolific after coded but both of them were in. Yeah,
New Jersey. There was
a weird coincidence but dude was well he left Panama came here. Maybe
it was just out there for vacation.
I snuck into Panama once my girlfriend and I went to Costa rica. He met up with this girl name. He had some crazy name. Well we met up with her and she, she asked us if we wanted to go to Panama. We're like sure she drove us through this weird little village or whatever it was dirt road and everything and both met us. And it looks like one of those things from this is how you're gonna die. Like if I die Puerto rico, this is how it's going to happen anyway. It was the smallest little ding bat boat and we got on it. It had two flags, the Costa Rican flag in the Panama flag. And my heart was beating fast the whole time and we just cut across the water to Panama. They didn't ask us for a passport
I. D. Nothing. And it was just like a bunch of
people selling
stuff. We were only there for like
few hours before we got back on that shitty ring, thinking boat to take us back to Costa rica. But that's like, like I'm glad I did that stuff when I was young, but now I would never, that is not me. I do not live like that anymore. Yeah. That's totally stupid. Especially luckily nothing happened, but anything could have happened. Yeah. So Kenneth is it? Yeah. What's your dog's name?
What?
Even though that I was just everything. What are their names and
you got a pillow with your dog's face on it. How cute is that?
More keys? I don't even think I heard that. Cool
you. Right.
Animal free home.
But I'm always interested in other people's animals because I am not allowed to have one in this little shitty apartment. Mhm.
I would love a cat and a dog or two of both. Or wanna be George one. Anything something. Yes I want an animal. Right? Absolutely. I would like to give my attention towards someone else besides my partner.
A £60 dogs are so deep.
Oh like an emotional support animal. We,
so
are you
are you suggesting? I lie?
I mean I totally qualify for what? Absolutely. Absolutely. Especially like a few months ago and
I was really
depressed. I absolutely could qualify. I just don't think the owner of this unit would wants me to have an animal. And it's like a weird situation because it's like six units, it looks like an apartment but it's um like classified as a condo. So each unit has a different owner, the one that I have just happened to not allow animals. Now I see other people with dogs and who knows if they have a cat but we are specifically told. No not only that but at the time we did travel and it just wouldn't have worked out. But we're home now and I'm not sure when we'll be able to travel again and I'm not talking about you know just to another state. I meant like leave the country for like a week or two
so it just didn't fit with our lifestyle. But now we have no life. Oh I can do an animal for sure. Were you timing this
Dude? I thought I signed up for like a later time anyway. I thought I signed up for a later time and then I came an hour early and then I was confused and then I saw it was 11:00 and then I guess I need it and you get this is your
third
one or your second. You say your second, you have four more times.
who are you on on the other side besides politic
What's cool?
Cool. I heard the scout was good but they never accept me.
I
think
you kind of
Yeah they're really picky and it's like you spend a lot of time filling out this questionnaire and then you have to make a video just to not hear from anything. And you see that they're only accepting like 10 2030 applicants. But having were crying like I understand they won't say no but like I spend time on this. Give me Elena one.
I actually really do like especially like a lot of being past that do make me aware of things about myself
for that. I can appreciate this. Oh but it is awesome. I do like it.
Cool. I hope you meet some really
cool people on your future. You know what it is called? This chat?
I hope you need to cool people on your future chat studies and it was a pleasure to be here.
You have a wonderful day
and definitely good luck to you in your interview
over
at a time. All right. They would have a good one.