Hi,
what are you?
Mhm. Not much. Just uh waiting out the pandemic,
Long island new york.
please. Uh
Yeah, I graduated college uh at the start of the year.
And since then I've kind of been struggling with like getting a job and everything. So I've just
been at home.
No, I graduated college at the start of the year. Yeah.
There's a number of what about you? Mm hmm.
What,
what
what do you do?
What?
Because they need to release her.
That's
would
I study computer engineering. So I've been looking for like software engineering positions in the city. Uh
Some of them, it seems like most of them have been remote at least temporarily. And then uh we'll see how it goes with
you.
Yeah. So Northeastern has like a co op program which is basically like a paid internship through the school.
And uh I did two co ops. Um It's a five year school, so like the extra year is dedicated for the internships. Um. Yeah I did two cops. I learned a lot. Um It just feels like right now a lot of people are retiring, especially not like entry level. So
um I could start trying to do key way positions by like quality assurance. Um That was one of the co ops. The other cop I had was for self for engineering. Um But the one reason that I hesitate is that if I did do that, I feel like it wouldn't help me getting the suffering a new position. But depending on how things go in the next like couple months, I'll have to start find other motives and. Yeah.
No.
No it's not that it's uh I don't think it all like another thing that I'm considering is there like boot camps? Um
program?
Yeah like programming, boot camps. Um For like learning additional stuff about programming. Um
Just so like stuff that I can have on my resume that would help me getting software engineering positions. Because
I think uh QA kind of helps but it's not like a direct line to
what?
Yeah
it's not really possible anything to like get something and like start networking kind of yeah
like the yellow but
stay with my family right now. Uh parents and my brother and sister uh
second to youngest. Uh I've got a
that's all I don't know, older brother and younger sister. Uh
I'll say I don't know.
Well
I do think that she gets uh something's extra, it's always been a baby and
the Republican.
Okay. Uh huh. I
don't know. I've never really liked compared.
I'll put myself on top.
I don't know,
I'll put myself uh
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, I got three.
Uh So I have uh electric acoustic um an electric guitar and then an acoustic guitar. But I've only bought one of them, I only bought that one. uh the other two were uh my brother and my mom both used to play, but then they stopped and since I was playing, they gave it to you. So. Yeah.
Camels.
piano is tough. It's
hard.
I
could never do piano because trying to coordinate like both hands at the same time. Just to
uh that's a
with
Latinas, he sings
guitar. What else? Uh
have an interview later today? Yeah. Model line. So fingers crossed.
hopefully it's good some of the places that I've like gotten responses from um they it's not actually like a job but they do training for a job and you have to like sign a contract that says uh you'll stick with them and take the first job offer you get. Uh and then they take a portion of your salary as payment for the training and if you quit or like get fired you have to pay them back for the training and it sounds like a pretty bad
set
up.
Uh one of the ones that I found uh 5000, another one was like 15,000. Uh
Yeah. Yeah that's what I thought and like uh there's nothing to stop them from just saying like we're kicking you out of the program for whatever reason now you owe us that training money and like so I've been like avoiding those but uh hopefully this is different real
job
that. Yeah
Thank
you.
Hello?
And
and it's uh it could be anywhere in the US. Yeah.
the pyramids
apparently. Yeah that's bad.
Yeah with unemployment being in like 30% from corona line is crazy.
please
please.
so
you're doing it remotely has to go in.
Thank
you. What does your boyfriend do?
That's
good. Are you able to work remotely? I do you have to go in?
Hace
no
what
place?
that's
what
Yeah strange all around uh
George.
My girlfriend after we both graduated at the same time and she went to uh start with city but she went to California to do with an internship and her family lives in Rhode island. Uh And then Covid hit and she was still in California. Um As soon as like things started getting bad they were about to close down like the state and she took a plane like the day after they announced it to get back home. Uh It's crazy situation last minute plane ride.
I
think it was lost big. No I can't think of the name of the city.
Los Angeles maybe. Um Yeah I can't remember.
She's a biology major. Uh Yeah.
Uh
What?
kelly.
Have
you done one of the cats before?
Very well. Nice.
it's good. Uh I met a guy he was also it was also very active a pandemic and he was in like Panama when,
Well I think really the U. S. Was like going to close or I don't know what the chat was international because he was in the U. S. During the chat. But he said that he had to like fly out of Panama because they're about to close down like airports and stuff. Yeah.
And what?
hm
All
Yeah. Yeah, I remember by
we can.
So
many
to visit.
I have two dogs
got enough.
And if not, I thought you might have seen until
that's my mom got a christmas we uh is kota and molly and their maltese yorkie mix is uh marquees
small box.
America.
I don't know what
you want. That's
I don't know. Oh, but your situation where my brother is in an apartment and I think it's supposed to be animal free, but they didn't manage to get uh like,
no, no, it's a small dog. But I think it was okay. Like comfort animal or something. Something with,
has to get
that.
So
I mean with covid and stress and everything.
That's
good.
Ready?
Uh No, but it started at two o'clock 2 24. I think they said 25 minutes.
You
can go.
Hey. Yeah, pays weapons.
I've done focus groups. Uh I found on craigslist and stuff online. Focus groups and those also pay pretty well. I got $300 to do a mock trial online.
N. B. A. And every put. Uh
Yeah. I never did that one because
of
the like
uh like submitting videos to get accepted and stuff.
prolific is definitely the best I've told like friends and family got them all in on it.
Yeah. They're interesting to.
Yeah, it's nice
tha
tha uh yeah, chat, study things.
Talk with you too.
Thank
you. Let's
look to.
You too. Bye.