Hi. Hey, can you see me?
I can. And how are you today?
I'm doing good. I'm so glad you showed up for the chat. Sometimes people don't show up.
How many have you done?
This is my 6th.
I'm done. I know.
So
I'm Wendy, what's your name?
Nice
to meet you. Where you from
and
where we're at
Maryland. Me too. Whoa. What part of Maryland are you in?
I'm in ST mary's County. I was born and raised in PG. I know. What a small, I haven't
had anybody from the same state as I have yet. That is so cool. We're at the same time and it's really neat. So um do you do prolific lots you do equal ladder I mean and
it's one second one. But do you do a lot of the surveys and stuff
or?
I have the little thing that lets you know when one comes up. So if I'm near the computer I do it
and it's not. I just don't. So what are you, are you in school, are you working, or? Oh,
no,
me too. Well, don't forget that too. I mean, I would like to go back to work, have you worked before or you just doing homemaking now, or?
yeah, mine is my health, but right now I'm hoping because now I'd like to work from home and now that I'm, everybody is working from home, I'm I'm
hoping that my chances will increase a lot
because before the everybody's told me, oh, you can't like not work from home, you can't work from home all the time, but we've been working from home all the time now for six months, so why can't I work from home, you know? So what what field do you want to be in?
Okay, It's okay, Well, you can tell me if you want,
that's okay, that's okay. Um we have a lot of that in my family and I actually ideal with PTSD and my dad had Asperger's really bad. So it was really, it was very challenging for him, you know, he did find work, but it was
like, it was his life was very challenging, you know? So I definitely can appreciate that and don't feel
bad about mental health, you know? Mental health, your mental health is just another part of you,
right? It's just I heard somebody say um you know, if it was so many judge you if you have diabetes, you know, or you know, it's like your pancreas doesn't work, right? Why would somebody judge you if your brain doesn't work? Right? You know, it's just your brain is an organ, you know, you have a right to have it not work well, you know, it's not your fault, you know. Do you have anxiety?
it's okay.
Are
you
hopeful?
Yeah. Yeah. Do you sleep a lot or
you just have like a hard time sleeping?
So I've had a lot of experience. I'm not I'm not a mental health counselor, but I've had a lot of experience and I think I'm probably a lot older than you, so and I'd like to like, we have to spend 25 minutes together, so let's talk about it okay? But if you get nervous or something, you can you can get nervous, you can close your eyes or whatever. Okay, so do you have a treat with anxiety?
Did you have issues before 2016 or did something happen or
Yeah. My dad died in 2016 and I had a really hard family life and that was really hard for me to get over and it was really difficult for me because I had finished fool and I expected so much more out of myself and I was getting health problems and then I had all these is mental health issues on top of that. And it made it really hard. Um something
I
have sound to help me is to do relaxation techniques. Do you ever do those
and?
no,
no, no. What
else do you do
if you okay, what else do you do?
Well, it's important
to be patient with yourself because I think we're so hard on ourselves and we say things to ourselves that we would never say to somebody else. Um
like if you were to say to a child, you're stupid or you're you can't do this or you know, you're not gonna make it, somebody would put us in jail, you know, saying this kind of things that they would at least take the traveling from us, but we say that to ourselves all the time and then we wonder why we don't feel good about ourselves. And I think a lot of depression comes from
that, you know, like the messages that we tell ourselves and another thing that I have found that helps is not committing to a never statement. Like I'm never going to get a job or I'm never going to forgive that person
or I'm
never gonna like that. And I found that when I when I when I say, well I will probably get a job or I will probably at some point be able to forgive that person, it helps me as long as I don't say I will never do it because once you say I will never do something, you stop yourself from being able to do it. Like words have power, you know? So if you if you get that possibility like I will be good to myself or you know, and I can do this instead of saying I can't do this or I will never be able to do this. You'll be much better. You know, and you're just, you're, you're giving yourself a an outlet, you know, like not making commitments and being hard on yourself. It doesn't make sense.
You know. Have you gone to school yet or what did you have school for? What? Yes, it's
you're
Yeah. So you're a genius. Like I can't do math to save my life.
Uh Well I am, I have a, I have a bachelor's during criminal justice, of course mental health issues don't help with that. Um,
and I have a Masters and Homeland Security, but before I got sick I own my own staining company. I've worked in the telecommunications business. I have a lot of skills but my mental health also destroyed a lot of my opportunities. And so I'm trying to give myself Plaza self talking and like kind of force people to recognize me again. You're like, hey,
I know that I didn't have my best times in front of you before, but I am so talented, I can't do this. You know, and it's gonna, it's gonna pay off. I'm doing volunteer work right now and my mom is going to try to help me get in the government. So do you
ever,
you do Doors division of rehabilitative services in
the standard
division of rehabilitative services in the state of Maryland?
Oh, you should definitely look that up. It's a resource we have here. Um, it's
no, it's called
doors D. O. R. S. And its division
of rehabilitative services and they can help you. They work a lot with people
who have mental health issues. So I would definitely look into that because you're probably a good
client.
So you
wanna.
yeah and they're under the department education. So what will happen is you have to get them documentation that you have more than like if you have like three mental health issues
at
one time it actually helps you know because the more you have the higher you go on the client list or like say if you have a one health issue and to mental health issues if you have three you're a priority one client and they'll come in. They test you. They do like some of the tests are going to be way beneath you because you're like a genius. But you just
have the
you
have you are here, you're very skilled and Tessa are probably gonna bore you, but
just
But they'll test you and they'll find out where you are and they they it's really good. You go there for like a day, you do all these tests like some are computer, some of their like or like written tests and then they give you this really super long evaluation. And at the end of the day you get what's called a schedule, a letter and what that is, is that hiring preferences with the federal government? So that's something that you want to do is under the department education and you should definitely do it,
you know? And I know they're in Baltimore county. Are you are you in Baltimore County Baltimore city?
Yeah, they're in Baltimore city.
I know they are, they're all
over
the state of Maryland.
No, because my friend of West Virginia has there too. I
think it's in every state is under the Department of Education. I think it's in everything because my friend um
he is a he has a really good job of blue cross now but when we met in college he was a math major. Um but he had he was legally blind and the department of division rehabilitative services. West Virginia got him a computer that he could use. Um they helped him get placed in for a job and he makes like 80 grand a year now so he's done well in West Virginia. Yeah
West
Virginia
word.
it's gonna say I get
that too no
incident every state. And you should you do it immediately
and all you need is like a list of your doctors with and you feel like I have anxiety like what dr can verify that I have this you know depression what doctor can verify that because each situation counts as a disability And you only need three. So if you've ever had if you've ever had PTSD or anything that kind of makes it really hard for you just hope you know what I'm saying?
That
might be. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it might be because the letter that I got says you know um this client has a physical psychological or mental or something like that disability and so it was all three of them. So yeah they just and what that does is say the federal government has to hire so many people with disabilities and so you'll you'll get put on a list for that that
makes sense.
and they don't advertise that they don't tell people about it. Unfortunately when you go to therapy, they don't tell you about it.
I
just happened to find out about it because my sister, I was an undergraduate school and she was having learning disability issues and somebody referred her to her office in her county and I was like, oh, I wonder if they can help me in my county and there they were
hi.
Yeah, well here's a crazy thing in my county, it's all in the courthouse, so um doors, the doors office actually, we first walk in and social services is on the other side of the floor literally and they don't communicate, they literally, they throw that close to each other and they don't communicate and then upstairs of course at the courthouse. Yeah. Isn't that crazy?
Yeah, and also another program that you have never worked with pathways,
it's
counseling, it's a counseling company and they're in Maryland
pathways
and because pathways is designed to help people find work too, I think you should go a door, so because I think you're, you're probably at a higher level than pathways, I haven't had a lot of successful pathways and so far they have helped me get documentation that I need, but if you already have your documentation, but that's just one of the resource, you know, something that may help you in the
meantime. So do you want to, what type of work field do you want to get into,
you know?
um
I'm sorry.
Okay, so when you took physics, when you took it in college? Right.
10 6. Okay. What other courses did you take that you like,
or?
very interesting. That is really need. So you've got some interesting courses. Um I
went to Maryland, did you go to Maryland as well?
right, well that's pretty neat, wow.
So you've got a lot of tools that you can use. I think you just need to have a little bit of help
and somebody kind of you give you a little bit of you know, push you up a little bit. Yeah.
Yes. Yes it definitely does help. Have you worked before? Where did you say?
why not?
What do you have to do to get work study in college?
I can't remember. Uh
Okay. So in other words it's jobs that you can get at your colleges, the government has that you can get it
hey?
Okay, so basically they're saving your shop for the people who desperately need them
because
I was never offered it either because my when
I was when I went to undergrad I was to, my dad made too much money and I was too young so I
I wasn't able to get, I was I was always curious about that because I was going to go back to graduate school for another grad degree and I want to do work study. And I don't remember, I never went that far into
looking into it, but I think the parameters were different for me this time because I didn't make, you know, my father is gone
and you know. Uh huh. So it's a little bit different.
Finally I actually like grad school there and I did undergrad. I thought that it was easier. I didn't like taking tests and so I really didn't like undergrad it that much and I don't remember taking that many texts in graduate school. I think it was just all writing
and and and a lot of a lot of group work which I didn't really like because it seems like I got a lot of a dump on me, you know? Um But now I think about back about it, a lot of those people were like probably much older than I was at the time and they were busy with their own lives and their families and their work and everything and so and even though I worked, I had a different schedule, so I probably was taking a lot on their plate, they probably got their degrees on me.
It is much more fun than undergrad, you're much more independent. The professor trust you more. Um
if you have an issue, you get more leniency, like that will work with you more as long you talk to them, whereas an undergraduate where during your anybody can get in, it's a little bit, they're very sticky with the rules, you know, like the very sticklers, you know? And so so are you, are you thinking about going to graduate floor?
right. I went to, I went to community college for my first two years, so I didn't have the money to go to a four year school and I couldn't get the loans that I wanted to get back then and I can tell you in community college they treat you like Children. I mean, I literally, I felt like it was like high school, Raise 13 and 14. And then I went to, I went to a four year school. I went to Maryland. It was truly different, you know, like you were in a totally different ocean and then I got to graduate school. It's just fun schedules fill totally on your own schedule. You're doing that when you want to do it and how you want to do it. So it was, it was totally different. Um, it took me 2.5 years to get to graduate school. I did a pretty quick clip. I am folk 15 and 18 credit hours one semester and I will never do that again. A lot of work.
I'm not really good at math, right? And I'm also not good at statistics. Oh my gosh, I'm terrible statistics and I had to take. So my, I thought it was being funny. So my first semester there, I went to my coworkers. I put all my classes and the name of my classes and a hat, if I pick up the classes for me and I'll take them because
I thought I'm just gonna do this and have fun with. That
was
much younger and stupid back then. And I was like pick up the classes and I need, I'll take them. They picked up bioterrorism, uh statistics, some kind of writing course and energy infrastructure management all in the
same group.
It was horrible and I couldn't back down on it, right, because I just said I was gonna do it and it was I swear the bioterrorism class, we were reading 900 pages of paper every week. Every single week that man had us reading, I called him Professor satan, he was horrible.
I didn't give up. I I finished with one is Well he was 3.64 so I didn't give up, I didn't do as well as I like to but I didn't give up. So that was good. Yeah, it's very good. So what's making you move next to I?
That's awesome. So is she getting a is
she
getting a job out there?
awesome. Show up a job anywhere she goes,
anyone
here she goes anywhere she goes and she she's finishing her graduate program
or her undergrad.
she'll actually be like a charge nurse right out the gate and show Yeah.
Oh no nobody does. I mean there's a lot of work
but she has an opportunity in other words like it basically says that you can leave and she'll do better, you know essence
SK.
No
she's
done. I mean unless she wants to become a doctor she's done
and doctors don't really have a really super good reputation. Um I I like ph there and I do doctor, you know what ups? Alright. I like them like way better than I do doctors. So
that's really good.
yeah. I mean doctors just whip out whatever they're going to say and they don't even, you know you don't sometimes I had a doctor this little rational now right here I have because I have lupus and the doctor gave me doxycycline wing and like a week later I was running into walls and I was like sick as a dog. And so I had to be taken by ambulance to the emergency room, and I was like, I mean like the pain was like 100 Over 100, Right? And as this little P. A. Came in, my doctor a P. A. She comes and she was like, don't you look
and feel like she's like, are you a doctor?
A physician's assistant came in and I was like, she's like don't you have lupus?
I
said, yeah, she's like, are you on doxycycline? And I was like, yeah, she's like, you can't take that, this is this will kill you. And
I was like, what? The doctor gave it to me a week ago. You know, like a regular doctor. So, I don't think that there as in tune to what's going. I'm not saying they're not qualified. There obviously qualified, but I don't
think there are some tune. You know, they make
me nervous.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree. I think they actually had a I had a liver biopsy done where they had to go into my neck, right? And so when I went on the table, they're supposed to give me for a set
and propofol to put me to sleep, or because I didn't know what's going on. And I kept telling them wide awake and wide awake and wide awake and it hurts so bad. I could hear the whole thing is still the whole procedure. It was basically like sergio, right? I could hear, like chomping down on my liver to get the biopsy. Okay? So I waited till I got my results and they were good thank God. Right um waited talking that right to complain to the doctor the hospital because I want this doctor. No I heard him saying that I need the medication they were supposed to be given to me. I think I was stealing the medication and just saying they're giving it to me because you know nothing. So they wait a minute. But I had to say to him I said dr che I said listen to me I'm just trying to tell you what happened. I don't I'm not going to sue you. I want you to hear what happened So that the next time this happens if a patient is saying that they're still wide
awake you know that they're not getting that medication. I said I know you're busy on my neck and not trying to break my my regular vein, but if you keep calling for propofol and birthdate and somebody isn't being knocked out or they're still saying they're extreme pain, you gotta listen, you know, just stop for a second and so I had to tell him I'm not going to sue you before he was reluctant now I'm like come on dude. Yes,
they kind of they would serve humanity. Yeah. You know, so it was some it's hard. It's really hard.
Are they are they are they are they cutting short on nurses?
What?
ratio.
that's really discouraging because you know we really we really need good care. I
know
that I know that if I go there you are, I don't give us good care now and I mean I don't try to go that you are but you know if you end up there you don't get really super good care and yeah, I think I see things
I
totally
agree, I totally agree. And a lot of these hospitals are being taken over like by the University of Maryland Medical Center has one of our really good hospitals down here was bought by them in the capital. They turn into a crappy hospital. And my other hospital here is Medstar. Um and you know they own like Georgetown and Washington hospital center. And when Medstar took over the ST mary's County hospital now, we don't get good care there. It is capitalism, it is, it's money, you know, it's totally
about money,
right? Do you think the universal health care will make it so that they don't make as much money though?
Well
was a study a long time ago that said that once you make in this was years ago so the number may have changed but once you make a $75,000 a year like it doesn't make you any happier you know
I think I think if it didn't
cost
so much to live
like in places
like new york or Baltimore or or do you see and people were able to more money went into the pot you know to take care of people, people would be happier like you don't need five TVs and five luxury cars and humongous house that you can't clean. You know what I'm saying? You don't need that.
right. It does it does. My only concern is that we won't be able to get doctors to take that kind of money. That's my only concern because because in this country they do make that kind of money but where there is universal
healthcare, they don't and
there
I I actually really I I agree with you is that they if you really care about if you really want to be a doctor you want to do medicine, you want to make people feel better and just have happier lives if you know just be healthier. You're right, you're right and I mean they pay them a little bit
more, they do deserve more. I do agree that they deserve more then the person who cuts your hair, you know I I agree with that. Um But there's
off on you know how much happiness you can buy. Yeah and I think that we just treated everybody
bit better you and I could get better jobs, you know? Yeah we can be better healthcare and I just you know okay
great. I totally agree.
Well you know, and also like I I read a lot about people from Canada who do have universal health care and even though they have to pay more in,
they always say that they're happier because they know that everybody is getting healthcare. They, even though they're paying like a lot
more taxes,
they say that they are so much happier and I guess it does feel good at the end the end of the day if you paid in but that somebody else was able to get the care that they wanted, you know what I'm saying? Whereas people who have private health insurance than just not into it, you know? No.
Right. Exactly. It's basically just the government saying that you know, they're going to choose how how it goes, you know, I am as long as
they take care of people properly, I'm totally
okay with it, you know, I'm on board. I'm good. Yeah.
Well, the problem is with health care now is that if you don't, we have like Medicaid and say you have a job if you have like the marketplace insurance, but you, but you know, you still may not be able to afford your healthcare, you may have health insurance, but you may not be able to afford it okay.
You may not know what.
Like the medication, like I have one medication that my my migraine medication, it's like $200 a month for nine pills. And then
it's like,
I also
get four injections in case I need them and that's $900 for two of them. So we're talking $600 for migrant medication a month For Migraine medication that's been on the market for 35 years.
I
know.
It's
okay. It's sad, you know, it's really sad
and what
it,
right. And there are a lot of medication and they can't even say like that we do more in this country because we're richer because some of the best, um, best medical care comes from France and their universal health care, You know, like anything that has had to do a coronavirus, all the good years have come out of France. Uh, the treatment for HIV came out of France. Uh, yeah, so like, because I'm much older, so I remember this stuff, right? Um, so all, like all the really good stuff comes out of France and they are not a capitalist society, you know? Well, they're, they're universal health care. Nothing else, you know, So, yeah, I agree. Well, our time we did it.
Yeah. Congratulations. Of course. You on your iphone. I love talking to you. Please.
Please make sure you look in the doors because they're going to be available anywhere that you need them.
often, definitely look it out. And I wish you the best. Okay?
All
good.
You too. Good luck to you and your partner. Have