SPEAKER_L: Right, but, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Out Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. No. Okay. Right. You don't need 1? Oh, what media types of songs I asked you have had? Yes. Oh, you want to? No. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, can you hear me? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Anyone And are
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Uh Sarah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm dizzy.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Where
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: do you live?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in texas right now. Austin.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. I'm in north Carolina. So what kind of weather are you getting down there?
SPEAKER_L: It's I'm pretty sure it's like 90s today.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: miss
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: really get we get pretty warm in north Carolina, but I don't I don't like the heat that much on.
SPEAKER_L: It's always heat here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what's the low like in the winter?
SPEAKER_L: Uh it gets to like the 30s. Not not too bad, but, you know, like, we don't get snow or anything, it's just cold. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We don't get a lot of snow either. We we do get ice sometimes, which is worse than snow in my opinion, but we have our around 30. So that's that's interesting that you get a lot hotter but not any less cold I guess than we do. Yeah. Um so what do you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: do? Are
SPEAKER_L: college
SPEAKER_R: you kidding?
SPEAKER_L: student.
SPEAKER_R: Are you, what do you um what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: My majors medical, laboratory science. So Yeah, like, just explain briefly, because I know a lot of people don't like know what it is. It's just uh when you go to like the hospital, they like draw blood. I'm like, my profession is the one that does all the tests.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So I thought I felt, I guess the phlebotomist draws the blood and then it does go back to the lab, but I guess I didn't realize who did like the lab work itself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's a very behind the scenes sort of thing. If you don't mind me asking. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I work at a state university, I work as an office manager in a graduate in advising office. I'm sorry, we do graduate and undergraduate and uh budgets. So a little bit of this, a little bit of that
SPEAKER_L: What university?
SPEAKER_R: uh, university of north Carolina charlotte,
SPEAKER_L: Uh I wanted to apply, but then I saw the tuition for out of state and I was kind of like, I'll pass. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I just think tuition anywhere is crazy. It really, especially if you're on a budget or just conscious of how much money you're spending, it's like really first, if you know, you're going into like a graduate school, like the first four years is like, is it worth it, is it worth it to get your banking core horses, you know, So
SPEAKER_L: It's pretty funny. I have friends that are considering graduate school and I'm kind of like good luck paying that off.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's crazy expensive. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: If.
SPEAKER_R: Um I got I did a sort of a meeting this morning and I've got student workers that work for me, so they're all working on the undergraduate. And one of the advisers was on the call and she's a graduate student. So funny to hear the difference in them talking about their classes and even like their textbooks. Um One of the under graduates who have one class that didn't order a textbook and it's driving me crazy because we've got all of these like magazine articles they're giving me and they want us to compare them and I have to read it online and they're really struggling with that because we're doing a lot of online classes here and then the graduate students like yeah you don't want to go to graduate school because that's all you get that's all you can give you a bunch of shit to read and you don't even know why you're reading it but you have to spend it and you know six weeks down the road. They might refer to it. So.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: Are you
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: just, sorry,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna ask if you're just advising or is it like you're directly like overseeing any students?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I I'm the office manager so I yeah, I manage the office, the staff and do budgets, the super boring part. But and and if you're if you have an accounting mindset that's you get it. But anybody else doesn't get account. Like my director is very much an academic and he's like, I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to think about it. Sarah that's your job. Just tell me how much money you have to spend and we'll go with it. So behind the scenes is boring. Yeah. So what your school? Are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm in my third year, so almost done
SPEAKER_R: Are you doing a lot of online right now?
SPEAKER_L: fully online. So it's similar to how they're giving us stuff to read and then we just have to learn it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is that by choice or because of Covid?
SPEAKER_L: Covid. Yeah. I think texas is one of the worst states for covid right now, so probably best. That's online.
SPEAKER_R: It's the southern thing, the stubbornness. Because I feel like north Carolina like we've got about half stubborn, half not and it's like a battle of some sort. No.
SPEAKER_L: you guys already voted or like there's early voting start for you guys?
SPEAKER_R: The early voting did start last week for us, uh, and I forgot I read an article, but it did not stick at how many people had actually voted early, but we've always been able to vote, um, and by mail legally in north Carolina, which I know is not the same in other, in other states. Um, were you able to do that in texas for any reason other than medical?
SPEAKER_L: nope only like emergency then you could do
SPEAKER_R: Can
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: like it here. Can you do it this year Gino? Because they
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: were, they were making serious. I know there's a lot of states that are kind of allowing it this year, but, um, we've always been able to, in fact, I've voted by mail before, so. And
SPEAKER_L: Oh my camera.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: Give me a second.
SPEAKER_R: No, you're fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: technology.
SPEAKER_R: acknowledging that happens. It happens.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let me try refreshing the page. Can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: you born and raised, in fact, risk.
SPEAKER_L: I and I was not I was born in michigan. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: What took you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: parents, you know uh job outlook for engineers is better in texas than michigan.
SPEAKER_R: we're getting a second job from michigan detective. Okay, ensuring that makes sense. It makes fence.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the oil and stuff which isn't doing too hot right now either, but you know.
SPEAKER_R: No, but I went to the gas station and the prices are starting to creep back up. So I guess that means people are back on the road and it's getting a little better. So, but I know that, you know, oil prices going to stipulate the rest of society in the US.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's yeah, I I know a lot of people are doing like uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Hey there.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Are you saying a lot of people or what?
SPEAKER_L: they're doing road trips just
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like more covid friendly and flying and all about.
SPEAKER_R: we are. I, I live with my boyfriend and um, I'm working from home and he's out in the public working, But just these four walls, more than four walls, but just an apartment, the condo, it's just like, I swear just getting smaller and smaller because I was sitting here since March. So we went to Some secluded place in the mountains about six weeks together. We never would have went before because the grocery store was 45 minutes, like not a market or a little gas station, nothing for 45 minutes. But it was nice in the moment because
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: we planned for it and we don't want to go anywhere and see people. So it was really nice just to get away. But I don't know that will ever go back because it's so far everything else from society.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean if you drive around in Texas, a good portion of it is just flat so it's like 45 minutes, but it's still just flat before you see anything. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: we don't we don't we're not that rural here in north Carolina. So um how? I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with texas. How far are you from? Like the beach? Are you pretty porn?
SPEAKER_L: Austin's like four hours I think
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: five hours maybe. So
SPEAKER_R: That's a whole.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah, it's a whole but awesome like closer to the beach than some other parts of texas for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you, are you central and north? What am I confusing it with? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: uh it is south and east.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we're off well from my texas, geography is not very good.
SPEAKER_L: No worries.
SPEAKER_R: You let that
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: were.
SPEAKER_R: and like what is the 2nd 3rd grade when you don't need so I can get you anywhere you need to get north Carolina. But other than that. Sorry. So
SPEAKER_L: I mean do you guys travel a lot?
SPEAKER_R: we try to I mean obviously we haven't this year but we went to Ireland and Scotland last year. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: We try to alternate trips like one year we'll do something beachy and tropical and then the next year we
SPEAKER_L: didn't,
SPEAKER_R: do something touristy just to give us a break. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: uh we had a trip for new york, but then covid, so yeah, we just end up traveling around texas a lot more since anything farther than texas, it's like a flying distance sort of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean there's a lot to do in texas from what I hear. So do you have?
SPEAKER_L: It's a lot of nature. Yeah, like fishing. Um
SPEAKER_R: Are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure there's a mm
SPEAKER_R: are you a fisherman? Do you like to fish?
SPEAKER_L: I cannot stand fishing the smell but like having to gut fish. Just know. Yeah. But yeah it's like the beach, there's there's a few things to do. Not the most. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not beachy. I'm sorry I'm not for sure. Men person I don't have the patience for it. You have to sit out there all day and do nothing. I need to be more entertaining than that. Oh
SPEAKER_L: North Carolina is on the coast. Right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah so um we have the coast and we have the Blue Ridge Parkway, the mountains. So I'm two hours from the mountains and three hours from the beach. So it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't drive to the beach and then drive home that day. Although I may have done it in my early 20s. Life is different now but you know um But the mountains we do day trips all the time because there's just two hours how we drive. We drive up there the other day actually just to have lunch at our favorite brewery. It's kind of sad but we didn't have anything else to do. So.
SPEAKER_L: are you back guys both living at home or like working from home?
SPEAKER_R: No he works in retail. He works at a pool supplies support. So he has been busy all summer. Um, and it's just not slowing down for him because we're at about 65° now. So we're getting into hot tub season, which doesn't require as many chemicals. So, um, he takes like three days a week off and we're in a little apartment and just stare at each other out of boredom.
SPEAKER_L: Any good shows,
SPEAKER_R: Um, we're rewatching Shits creek because we loved it the first time. Um
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: Gosh, that's the only thing I can really think of right now that we're enjoying. We just finished. I think it was on was on netflix or amazon. It was some kind of race that wasn't was in costa rica or Australia, costa rica. Some kind of crazy race. Um, that could take up to like 11 days and you were in teams, I swear. I wish I could remember the name of. It was really
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: good. Um
SPEAKER_L: Amazing Race.
SPEAKER_R: No eco race, echo, something like that. It was really good. If you get netflix or amazon whichever one it is, you have to check it out. Do you like the amazing race?
SPEAKER_L: I've watched a couple episodes but I also like felt kind of bad for the kids for instance so I couldn't like bear through all of it
SPEAKER_R: Look?
SPEAKER_L: because I know they've had to do some crazy things.
SPEAKER_R: The email
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: is worse. So, um, you knew the amazing race. They're kind of segmented off and sometimes you get a little break, but echo, it's just like you go go go until you can't go anymore. There's certain places where you can stop and they make you stay for like three hours and that's where you re fuel. But this is like mountain biking. I think one of them had 13 hours of mountain biking and then they, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: God.
SPEAKER_R: then they had to inflate um these boats and row for several hours. Like it is extreme. Extreme.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Uh huh. So it's like even fitter, amazing race.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People were quitting because of hypothermia because they had to swim for so long and I think the water temperature was like 50°.. The kid is crazy, crazy but I was scared. I enjoyed it sitting here. I enjoyed it is not my cup of tea to go do. I'm not very outdoorsy but yeah. What about you,
SPEAKER_L: You guys? Oh I'm kind of late to the train but I started watching The Witcher
SPEAKER_R: The Witcher?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah which is on netflix,
SPEAKER_R: I've not heard of that one.
SPEAKER_L: it was like a really kind of like game of Thrones. I've heard this type of show, very uh fantasy kind of action. Do you think? What else? I don't know, College has been most of what I've been watching
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm home,
SPEAKER_L: lecture
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure. And
SPEAKER_L: after
SPEAKER_R: after and I found myself um
SPEAKER_L: stop.
SPEAKER_R: now that especially we're into the semester and I'm doing more work. It's like I don't I don't watch tv as much, I just I'm tired of staring at my screen. Laptops are a lot smaller, even the bigger ones because I got a decent one. But we have these three monitors at work that are just massive and now I'm staring at this one screen all day long and I just, my cross and I just want to like, close everything off. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I bought a monitor when we started like at home classes and all of that, because I was like, I can't do the tiny screen anymore, I have too much stuff, so I made the jumper monitor, which was a great investment, honestly.
SPEAKER_R: so I didn't at first, and at some point, I think it was like april because we started working from home as a state employee before they mandated it. Um and we all thought two or three weeks tops, but I think it was like at the end of april where I'm like, okay, this has gone on long enough, I can't do it, and I went into my storage area and I swear, I think my monitor that I hooked up was like 15 years old, and the colours didn't match so bad, but it helped tremendously. It really did, you just get to that point, and then the end of the fiscal year came through and our director is like, let's buy monitors for everybody, and I'm like, yes, that's a fantastic idea, we should have done that before. So, and I think I sent my ad and then back up to the university to grab her monitor off the desk. I'm like just go get it from the desk, take it home because just kind of the stuff that we do requires two and three monitors. It's just I had my laptop on top
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: of like four books to try to match. I mean it was really, really bad, but we do what we do to get by.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Do you prefer working at home or do you prefer like being in that office
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: space with the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: people?
SPEAKER_R: don't know how people work from home. I swear to God I don't um I want to go nuts. I like the interaction with people and they're seeing people and talking to people. I miss just random conversations. I yeah, I need, I need people. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: mm I mean, I prefer in class, like in person classes, it's nice actually seeing the students and you're all suffering together. It's different when you see everyone's suffering suffering versus like someone just typing what's going on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's um I always thought it
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: would be cool to work from home. But no no it's it's not for me, I have never cooked and um wash how many dishes before in my life? I swear terrible. Do you live with your parents? You in a dorm?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in an apartment with classmates, sort of friend college friend. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So how are parents doing with our, they kind of staying at home or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're staying at home. They also get to work from home, which I think both of them prefer actually, because then like as soon as they're done with work, they don't have to commute back and forth. Yeah, like texas, traffic's insane. I think my dad commutes like an hour to get to work and then another hour to come back, so.
SPEAKER_R: So there are there are bonuses to it can within 45 minutes we we live at the lake. So um
SPEAKER_L: And now.
SPEAKER_R: so to do that I have to drive 45 minutes and I suck it up and I deal with it. So I'm saving on gas and uh you know but I also miss I gotta attached to listening to audiobooks. Couldn't tell you one book I've listened to but I get into it because I fired her the radio. They wanted to say I I paid for Sirius XM and it's still the same songs over and over. So it's like, so I I try to listen to, um, like crime dramas and fiction of course, um, just started stuff and you know, get through it. And so I missed that. But I miss the seeing other people. But I know that students, no offense, the students in our area come to school sick, they will come into the office in the fall sneezing and coughing. And it's like really, this appointment is not that important. Just really, and so many of our students don't live with their parents. And you know, they they just don't know if they're sick or not. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I think I know quite a few people who also come to class like pretty sick if I'm feeling awful, I don't do it because I'm not I don't think it's worth the effort. But
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: also a lot of them, you know, a lot of them I think come from that high school mentality to where it's like you can't afford a sick day and then if you do have a sick day, you need an actual doctor's note and
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: you hear your parents feeling at you because you're, it's like, no, you're going to school. So it's just like impounded in our brain, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like I can catch up on all of this. You know, professors are more understanding than, I think to some degree than high school teachers.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And um, you know, speaking of that, I was when I was talking on the phone call with my um student workers today, they were talking about how flexible our faculty members really are being. Uh, just because it's so overwhelmed. And, and I tried to tell them that, you know, the faculties super overwhelmed too because most of them have never taught online, take courses to learn how to teach online and I've taken courses online and they were very smooth. They went very well. But those instructors know how to instruct online. So, you know, as confused as you guys are, you have to remember these teachers don't, they don't know anything either. They were just kind of thrown into it. So, um, are your or your faculty kind of going nuts over that or you think they're handling it fine?
SPEAKER_L: Some are definitely doing better than others. One of my oldest professors, I think she's like in her 70s, she says she's 1/20 century person, so like having to deal with zoom and all of that, she struggles a bit, but she's trying her best.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's, that's got to be tough. Will be tough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean a lot of professors are doing it well. Like we have canvas to manage all of our Files and then if something comes up, like 50 students are all emailing them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We, I'm in the College of education so I just I can't imagine like Trying to be a teacher in K. 12 right now, actually, high school is fine. But you know, if you're thinking about elementary, I can't I can't process trying to teach elementary kids virtually. Like there's a reason I'm not a teacher I guess. I know my sister has a nine year old and she's like, I didn't go to school to be a teacher for a reason. I'm going nuts trying to help my daughter through this. Um I've got a co worker whose son, like they're not allowed to speak, they have to keep it on mute at all times. They're not allowed to raise their hand to ask questions. And I'm like that they need some kind of interaction piece. They just he just sits there for eight hours a day staring at the screen. And I'm like, uh it's brutal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I see horror stories online of like teachers who refuse to let their students even like go to the bathroom or something. Like it's their house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's crazy. Have you heard the stories about how there's kids drinking while they're sitting in class or smoking cigarettes while they're in class? I'm so bored by that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I can see it happening definitely. Like, like they're in their apartments. They can, it's not like the professors can call like the cops on them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, There was a celebrity um, do you know Dax Shepard is? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: bell husband.
SPEAKER_R: didn't she? She put there was an article or something a couple weeks ago that her kids drink? Oh duels. And I think the article said that they were drinking it during class and the teacher said something and I'm like, well, I mean I understand that you are
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: your Children drink, oh duels at home, that's, that's your decision. But come on and, and there is a little bit like, there's, I forgot the amount of alcohol that's actually in that if you break it down and I'm like, well that's their kids drink. Oh duels. I'm trying not to be judgmental, but
SPEAKER_L: isn't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: come on now, but I guess the kids may not realize or it may not make any sense to them or they don't have to think about it
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you've watched Mean Girls, but like
SPEAKER_R: moment,
SPEAKER_L: where the mom goes, I'm a cool mom as she lets her kids drink. That's what I'm imagining.
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah, I got when I read it in an article, but I think she said it on a talk show or a podcast and I'm like, I could just hear her like laughing through the story, but I mean I'm laughing too, but it's still like, oh my God, my, but I have read and I think it was florida where they were smoking and drinking wow
SPEAKER_L: Always florida.
SPEAKER_R: in class. I know, I know, I don't know what it is about florida that just draw some weirdos crazy
SPEAKER_L: Yes. It's so funny. Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: so, uh, what else can we talk about? We have a few minutes I think um
SPEAKER_L: yep. Uh huh. Honey, how is your overall, like we've been so far or last week, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: not bad, I am, I do an instagram page with food, so, um, spice ology sent me a bunch of spices to do recipes. So I'm like in my spare time, which is a lot of spare time, I'm creating recipes that are salt free for the National kidney Foundation, so that's very cool and I'm learning, um, like some of the things that you can't have, like, I went and bought a bunch of fruits and vegetables and they can't have avocados and they can't have potassium and tomatoes and all kinds of stuff that on my mind just kind of blown over that, like, wow, I would have never thought that. So I'm having to think outside the box with like roasted red pepper sauce instead of tomato sauce and um, things like that.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds really cool actually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's interesting what kind of creativity that I'm pulling out with with the cooking and what I've learned, I've really taught myself like to have a pallet just by throwing shit in a pot and then thing and thinking, okay, what is this need? Is it too deep? Do I need to add some brightness? And I don't know what they would call that, unlike the food network, but I think this could use brightness. So I either think lemon juice or pull it. I am addicted to rice wine vinegar. I don't know what it is. I prefer it over apple cider vinegar and white vinegar and I'm just like, yes, hell yes, let me put some of that in there. Um so I'm kind of developing my palette by just putting shit in a pot and tasting it and seeing what it's missing and it's kind of unique.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds awesome. I'm more of a baker than a cooker. I don't prefer cooking at all. I think it's too much to go in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but that makes sense because baking is chemistry and your science. I do. I like math, I hate science, I cannot do it. And I'll follow a baking recipe fine. But I can't create baking recipes, like I can't wrap my head around that. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: I mean ratios but yeah
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that's not my strong suit either.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. In our time of math, it's the, I guess it's the, developing the chemistry part. And I actually bought a food scale the other day because they said that when you bake it's better. So I'm doing these um like grain free items and it's like, okay, you have to weigh this mozzarella cheese out because a cup is different, so we'll see what we were
SPEAKER_L: Do you have
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: a favor? Sorry I was gonna ask if you had like a favorite recipe you've developed so far?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have it, but you know, I made this fish the other day and it's not even really a recipe. I use the everything, bagel seasoning just coat my cod and my sea bass. What did I use the other day? Bera mundi mundi. It's like a it's an Australian sea bass. Maybe. I don't know, but I just put everything and that, everything but the bagel seasoning and it's so freakin easy and it's good because you've got super salty, you've got some garlic in there, you've got some black pepper and then you've got, you know, some seeds to make it give a little um So if you don't do that, I highly recommend it.
SPEAKER_L: I would never have thought of using that bagel seasoning for like fish.
SPEAKER_R: I know you never see that, but if you think about, because I was thinking like tuna, a lot of people put what like black sesame seeds or something like that on tuna. I don't tune as the one seafood, I don't like, well that's not true tuna and salmon, but it was kind of thinking that and I'm like, man, it's already a well balanced seasoning so the work is done for you.
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: add it to my list of things to try.
SPEAKER_R: I promise. It's really as long as you're everything bagel season is balanced. Like the one at Costco sucks. But I like the trader joe's blend so if you blend that you like, I think it's great. It's perfect.
SPEAKER_L: and then trader joe's is pretty healthy relatively too.
SPEAKER_R: They have a good line of junk food. They got some solid junk food. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: In fact, I go to trader joe's when I'm having a party and like, oh, script trader joe's and see what kind of cool stuff they have. So. Mhm. So we
SPEAKER_L: I think we're gonna time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well, good luck to you. It's very nice talking to
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you. Nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.