Right, but, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Out Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. No. Okay. Right. You don't need 1? Oh, what media types of songs I asked you have had? Yes. Oh, you want to? No. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah.
Hi, can you hear me? Yeah,
I'm
good. How are you?
I'm dizzy.
All
I'm in texas right now. Austin.
It's I'm pretty sure it's like 90s today.
I don't
know.
It's always heat here.
Uh it gets to like the 30s. Not not too bad, but, you know, like, we don't get snow or anything, it's just cold. Yeah.
I'm
college
student.
My majors medical, laboratory science. So Yeah, like, just explain briefly, because I know a lot of people don't like know what it is. It's just uh when you go to like the hospital, they like draw blood. I'm like, my profession is the one that does all the tests.
Yeah. It's a very behind the scenes sort of thing. If you don't mind me asking. What about you?
What university?
Uh I wanted to apply, but then I saw the tuition for out of state and I was kind of like, I'll pass. Okay.
It's pretty funny. I have friends that are considering graduate school and I'm kind of like good luck paying that off.
If.
Sounds fine.
Are you
just, sorry,
I was gonna ask if you're just advising or is it like you're directly like overseeing any students?
I'm in my third year, so almost done
fully online. So it's similar to how they're giving us stuff to read and then we just have to learn it
Covid. Yeah. I think texas is one of the worst states for covid right now, so probably best. That's online.
you guys already voted or like there's early voting start for you guys?
nope only like emergency then you could do
like
absolutely.
No.
Oh my camera.
Give me a second.
All
technology.
Yeah. Let me try refreshing the page. Can you see me?
Hello.
I and I was not I was born in michigan. Mm.
parents, you know uh job outlook for engineers is better in texas than michigan.
All
the oil and stuff which isn't doing too hot right now either, but you know.
Right. That's yeah, I I know a lot of people are doing like uh huh
Hello?
they're doing road trips just
like more covid friendly and flying and all about.
good.
Yeah, I mean if you drive around in Texas, a good portion of it is just flat so it's like 45 minutes, but it's still just flat before you see anything. Uh huh,
Austin's like four hours I think
five hours maybe. So
it's yeah, it's a whole but awesome like closer to the beach than some other parts of texas for sure.
uh it is south and east.
No worries.
There
were.
I mean do you guys travel a lot?
Who
didn't,
uh we had a trip for new york, but then covid, so yeah, we just end up traveling around texas a lot more since anything farther than texas, it's like a flying distance sort of thing.
It's a lot of nature. Yeah, like fishing. Um
I'm sure there's a mm
I cannot stand fishing the smell but like having to gut fish. Just know. Yeah. But yeah it's like the beach, there's there's a few things to do. Not the most. Mhm.
North Carolina is on the coast. Right,
that's nice.
are you back guys both living at home or like working from home?
Any good shows,
you know?
All
Amazing Race.
I've watched a couple episodes but I also like felt kind of bad for the kids for instance so I couldn't like bear through all of it
because I know they've had to do some crazy things.
Thank
you.
God.
yeah. Uh huh. So it's like even fitter, amazing race.
You guys? Oh I'm kind of late to the train but I started watching The Witcher
Yeah which is on netflix,
it was like a really kind of like game of Thrones. I've heard this type of show, very uh fantasy kind of action. Do you think? What else? I don't know, College has been most of what I've been watching
lecture
after
stop.
I bought a monitor when we started like at home classes and all of that, because I was like, I can't do the tiny screen anymore, I have too much stuff, so I made the jumper monitor, which was a great investment, honestly.
True.
Mhm. Do you prefer working at home or do you prefer like being in that office
space with the
people?
mm I mean, I prefer in class, like in person classes, it's nice actually seeing the students and you're all suffering together. It's different when you see everyone's suffering suffering versus like someone just typing what's going on.
And
I'm in an apartment with classmates, sort of friend college friend. Yeah.
yeah, they're staying at home. They also get to work from home, which I think both of them prefer actually, because then like as soon as they're done with work, they don't have to commute back and forth. Yeah, like texas, traffic's insane. I think my dad commutes like an hour to get to work and then another hour to come back, so.
And now.
Yeah. I mean, I think I know quite a few people who also come to class like pretty sick if I'm feeling awful, I don't do it because I'm not I don't think it's worth the effort. But
also a lot of them, you know, a lot of them I think come from that high school mentality to where it's like you can't afford a sick day and then if you do have a sick day, you need an actual doctor's note and
then
Yeah. It's like I can catch up on all of this. You know, professors are more understanding than, I think to some degree than high school teachers.
Some are definitely doing better than others. One of my oldest professors, I think she's like in her 70s, she says she's 1/20 century person, so like having to deal with zoom and all of that, she struggles a bit, but she's trying her best.
I mean a lot of professors are doing it well. Like we have canvas to manage all of our Files and then if something comes up, like 50 students are all emailing them.
Yeah, I see horror stories online of like teachers who refuse to let their students even like go to the bathroom or something. Like it's their house.
I mean, I can see it happening definitely. Like, like they're in their apartments. They can, it's not like the professors can call like the cops on them.
bell husband.
Hey,
isn't
it?
I don't know if you've watched Mean Girls, but like
where the mom goes, I'm a cool mom as she lets her kids drink. That's what I'm imagining.
Always florida.
Yes. It's so funny. Oh my gosh,
yep. Uh huh. Honey, how is your overall, like we've been so far or last week, I guess.
That sounds really cool actually.
That sounds awesome. I'm more of a baker than a cooker. I don't prefer cooking at all. I think it's too much to go in.
I mean ratios but yeah
that's not my strong suit either.
Do you have
a favor? Sorry I was gonna ask if you had like a favorite recipe you've developed so far?
I would never have thought of using that bagel seasoning for like fish.
I'll
add it to my list of things to try.
and then trader joe's is pretty healthy relatively too.
huh.
I think we're gonna time. Yeah.
Thank
you. Nice to meet you too.