SPEAKER_L: you think that? Hello? Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can hear you
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm fine.
SPEAKER_L: Okay? I guess we just talk about whatever for 25 minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just want to talk about
SPEAKER_L: I guess we can start out with like uh I don't know, a little bit about ourselves. I'll go first. I
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: live
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: in texas, I'm married, I have two kids. Um My son is seven and my daughter's eight and then I have a stepdaughter, she's 19. Um I have been doing studies on this site for I guess probably a couple of weeks now, so I like it. I was surprised when I saw that this one paid so much on the bonus. Um and then I have a weekend job that I take care of people at a group home, so that's fun. I have four ladies that I take care of and they all have disabilities, so I like it. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in college right now and I always live in texas. I was in Houston and I go to texas tech and I'm a major in business. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. I was at texas tech um in 2014, I was gonna do it online, I ended up dropping out, But I like to the school. So go red Raiders. I live just like 45 minutes north of Austin. It's the city that I live in is called Harker Heights. But it's a it's like mm probably 10 minutes or so away from Fort Hood and clean. So yeah, I like it here. I'm born and raised in texas. I've never lived in another state. So uh yeah. Um were you getting rain and stuff a lot from the hurricane? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like a decent amount. It wasn't like flooding or anything but it was something. Right.
SPEAKER_L: we got some probably a couple of days ago. It was raining pretty heavily for like four different times. Like it would stop and then we'll start running again and then it would stop. Um I just hope everybody's OK. I hate like hurricanes and tornadoes pretty much anything natural. Always. I'm worried about people that have to go through that because I couldn't imagine having to deal with that. It's got to be scary. Mm hmm. So you say you're studying business, are you going to be an entrepreneur one day or? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't even know. Yeah I'm like thinking about it right now.
SPEAKER_L: that's a good degree though. I've heard that it like applies to a bunch of different fields. Pretty much everybody I know that went for business. They all pretty much any job you can apply for. A business degree will help you. Yeah. You think you're gonna get your NBA one day? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Maybe don't nobody though
SPEAKER_L: I kno student loans and no joke. So it probably depends on, you know how much everything is going to, cause I've got like $23,000 worth of student loans right now to pay off. I went to school for teaching so it's paid off. I like it. I mean the degree was worth it, but it's kind of killing me to have to pay the government every
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: month.
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: a teaching degree? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, I have to take one more test to get my texas license, so I'm
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: excited about that. I want to teach second grade. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So what you, are you in or did you say already? I'm sorry. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in my second year I'm going into it my second year.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Good, good. Uh You live on campus or do you can do? Cool,
SPEAKER_R: I live on campus.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Are you in sports or like band or anything like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: that? Um Well that's good. That's good. Um I just, when I graduated high school, of course, that was a long time ago when I graduated high school, I didn't actually go away to school. I was too nervous. But they say living on campus is like the best experience that you can have because then you, you know like have your clubs and stuff friends and it just seems like it's more, I don't know, I guess the true college experience.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: Good. So let me see. Oh, so y'all are actually like on campus even with all the corona stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Well I haven't moved in yet but I'm about him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool. So are you window classes start to fold?
SPEAKER_R: Um It starts it starts sometime this month but I have a lot of online classes. Most of my classes are online so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Because I know I have like people that I know they're in college and one girl, she goes for nursing and she said most of their stuff is online, but they're going to have to eventually go to the hospital cause you know, I mean you can't learn how to do I. V. S. Online and stuff, but do you like the online format or you like, no, I'd rather be in person. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm cool with it. But like all right. It being a person.
SPEAKER_L: because then you can like see people and stuff. It's different. So is there a lot of math classes in your degree? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No, not really. It's not yet. Probably like next year like moderate.
SPEAKER_L: That was my thing. I had to pick something that didn't have too much mass. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hate my two.
SPEAKER_L: It's not my favorite, what's your favorite class?
SPEAKER_R: Um I only have a favorite class. I was like, I like all my classes. Really.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's good. I'm trying to think. I liked philosophy was good. I liked psychology. Um Math. I took one math class and I was so glad. That's why I went for elementary school because it's not too much math. I was like no I'm not trying to do all this calculus and stuff. Um And then science stuff. I like that. Like biology. Um I'm trying to think there was one class. Oh anatomy and physiology, I like that. Of course you probably have to take that as a business
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: major,
SPEAKER_R: I don't.
SPEAKER_L: so that's good. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. I called you though. It sounds like the last team.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Did you like it?
SPEAKER_R: I liked it.
SPEAKER_L: It's cool seeing how people like learning about people. Do you have to take sociology all that?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I do. I'm taking it this year.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Um So you'll have to like like have you taken any actual like your business specific classes
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: yet?
SPEAKER_R: not yet. I'll start, I think I started this year like second semester.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Because I know I was watching some show or something and the girl was taking business classes and she said as a part of it, they had to like create a business plan for their business and stuff. I guess that was like one of the big projects and that sounds fun I think because then you can like, I guess use it when you get out or whatever, if that's what you wanted to use for your business, you know? So you say you live in Houston, that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I live in Houston.
SPEAKER_L: traffic is crazy. Do you drive?
SPEAKER_R: It's, yeah, it's a lot of traffic.
SPEAKER_L: We've been through Houston, like going to Galveston to leave on cruises and that traffic. I'm like, oh my goodness, there's people everywhere. But I will say though it's not as bad as Dallas driving in Dallas is like, uh,
SPEAKER_R: Always been to Dallas one time when I went there. There was not much traffic.
SPEAKER_L: I guess my thing is I don't like about Dallas is you gotta jump like 10 lanes over in two seconds to get where you're trying to be and people will not let you over or anything. I'm like, it seems like Houston, it's not like so quick, you can kind of get where you need to go without having to do a whole bunch of changes. So I like that. But I haven't really actually like been in Houston, been in Houston, I was wanting to go to Nasa, but I don't know if all that's even still open with
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: corona.
SPEAKER_R: no, I don't think it is right now.
SPEAKER_L: Uh because I know a lot of stuff has closed, I'm like ready for it to be over, but I think it's gonna be like this for a while. Yeah. Did it really change like your social life that much? Like have y'all been having a quarantine and all that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we have but we still like, we still have fun and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: We just like to be running real to like
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: go out to places.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. That's good because I know a lot of people are like, I can't see my friends like I used to and all that and I'm like, well just figure out something, you know, like I see a lot of people in Austin especially because they have a lot of like lakes and uh little places you can go basically to where it's not a whole lot of people, but you can still get together with your group that stuff and have fun, get outside, do some swimming and all that, so that's good. And then the restaurants and stuff that started opening back up, I'm happy about that. Mhm. Yeah, I wonder like what they're studying on this because they're going to sit and watch these videos and see all these people that don't even know each other, like I wonder what they're trying to like check or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Probably something about like, like how people introduce themselves or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: It must be. I wonder how many people are just in there looking at each other. Like nobody's saying anything. They're like we're just going to stare at each other for 25 minutes or like get up and go do something else. Just have a study running and they're doing laundry. Watch the T. V. Whatever. That's gonna be honey. A lot of these studies are like university students. I know and I was surprised about that. But I guess it just shows how different because okay so I just turned 35 this year. So when I was in college and stuff like we didn't do studies or anything like that, I mean it just because we didn't have like the zoom and all this technology wouldn't explode. It like it was so like your school, have I wonder if y'all are gonna ever like have to do a study or something and you know what I'm saying? Like create a study and then find a website to host it or
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: whatever.
SPEAKER_R: probably will have to do something like that. We're probably gonna like in my later years.
SPEAKER_L: that would be cool because I see a lot like actually there was one, it was a business school and they said that they were trying to get people's ideas on advertisements. So it would show you like three or four different products and we have to figure out which advertisement like you liked as far as like colors or what it was saying about the product and stuff like that. Those were interesting. So I could see where that could be used for like, you know, to think about what do you want to do with your product or whatever. So that's good. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Is this your first
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: doing one
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: of these like video video things?
SPEAKER_L: This is my first
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: time doing one
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: with like another survey taker. I've done them before, where I had to talk to the people hosting the survey like just the other day I had one, it was a girl in California, I think she was with stanford or whatever, so it was a google home study, so it was actually pretty neat, like she had her google home set up in the room or whatever in California that they were doing a study from and then I had to like pretend like I was in California or whatever and they gave me prompts to read so I had to talk to her. That was pretty cool. And then there was one, I actually got paid like $50 for that. I had to you know how they have like insta cart and what's that upon shipped where you can order groceries online and they deliver them to you. Yeah they were trying to ask me like what I thought about this app that they were trying to develop. So that was cool because I got to like go through their um what do you call it when it's like still in the testing stage prototype? Yeah. And like work through it and talk to them and tell them what I liked and what I didn't like. So that was cool. I like that one but I've never like talk to just a regular person, It's always been just with the researchers. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um This is my second time doing it. I did it like two weeks ago. Someone else. It was it was the same researcher doing it like going out we're doing right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's what I was gonna ask, was it the same people? Right. What? Yeah. This is definitely different because at first I was reading it and I was like wait what? I just have to talk to somebody I don't know about random stuff. Like they're gonna get bored just sitting up listening to me because I haven't tasted to talk too much, but I was like, well it'll be nice like to just do it and then I mean the bonuses good so I just feel bad for the people who partner don't show up and they'll be like really like you just messed me up from $15. But it's good that they're letting people have more than one opportunity. Mhm. Because I think a lot of people are not going to show up just from the fact of like I've noticed a lot of people do not like being on Lepine. They don't like talking to strangers, like they just sit there and it's awkward and they don't want to do it because that was what my fear was actually that my partner wouldn't show up. Mhm, wow. Uh But that probably happens a lot,
SPEAKER_R: It probably does.
SPEAKER_L: especially when people being shined stuff, which I usually like talk a lot even with people I don't really know because I just I find myself sometimes I have to tell people like if I'm talking too much, tell me to shut up. Like I don't wanna be that person that just keeps going and going and I don't I don't know if you know any people like that who just keep talking and keep talking and they're not paying attention to whoever they're talking to, they just want to hear themselves.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know anyone like that, but I'm fine with it. It doesn't bother me or anything.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Good. Because I know a lot of people like that sometimes I'm afraid I start acting like that and I'm like I'm gonna shut up but I'm just real sensitive on that like not wanting to I guess because I'm used to talking to a bunch of kids and I mean you know like I have to talk that's my job to teach and whatever, so but as far as like just talking to somebody sometimes I talk too much. Uh huh. Uh huh stuff is still getting canceled for Halloween. I saw right before this call started that place knott's berry Farm in California. I don't know if you've heard about it, but it's like a big thing part. I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: guess they got this big Halloween thing every year, like a big event. Thousands of people, they ended up cancelling it. I'm like, yeah, because october is my favorite month. I love Halloween. I love to go do stuff. And I'm like, I just feel like with this stuff, the the situation we've got going on, it's gonna get canceled. I'm like, this year has been crazy and like so new years of 2019. I remember thinking 2020 is gonna be my year and
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it happened
SPEAKER_R: was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like really? What? I'm like, like everything I had uh plan for my birthday got canceled. There's this traveling exhibit, it's called the world's biggest bouncy park, which I don't know if, you know, like the big inflatables and stuff that can get on and some of them are big enough for adults, well, this one is gonna be in Austin and I was like, yeah, I'm gonna get on here and be a big kid. But then they got canceled. And then the renaissance festival that I was gonna go to got cancelled. Then the concert that I was gonna go to got canceled. I was like, man. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well, he's getting cancer.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: feel like in texas things sometimes
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: open up more than like other states. That's like what the corona rates are going up.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. And then a lot of people in texas don't wanna wear masks, even now, I'm like, it's not gonna kill you to put a piece of fabric over your mouth and nose for like five minutes, Whatever people kill me with that because like at the group home I have to wear a mask, my whole shift and I work 15 hour shift and you know, it irritates me, but when I get doing some type of way, I just go in the bathroom, take it off a little bit, then get out, put it back on like it's not that big of a deal. People act like killing them to cover their mouth and nose. I was just like, I mean unless they just got bad breath, like why are you complaining? Some people I understand they really do have medical problems and all that and like little kids and stuff, they should be exempt. But most people are just grown whiny babies that is not going to kill them, putting over has gone. The thing of it is what I really don't understand is they say, oh well, you know, I have a right not to wear a mask now, you have a right to stay at home if you do that, like you can get grocery delivery, food delivery, alcohol delivery, like what could you possibly just have to go out for? They ruin it for everybody. I can't stand there,
SPEAKER_R: So are you working at school district next then? I got
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to school,
SPEAKER_L: want to, but it's all right now, everything is virtual and they kind of freezed up on the hiring until they get their budgets together and stuff like that, so I'm like, I'm probably gonna end up having to wait till next year. Yeah, which
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: want to talk about, yeah. I was wondering if I was gonna work, cause like you said, you want to teach like second grade, right? Yeah. And there's like a bunch of little kids and they're probably gonna be like wearing a mask and stuff. I was wondering how that worked.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, they're gonna take it off trade moles.
SPEAKER_R: I play with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so that would just be a whole big issue, but I guess I kind of feel like with the younger kids, we kinda used to them messing with stuff and playing around and all that. I just can't imagine having to tell 25 different kids put your mask on and all this. But I think they're gonna be virtual the first like four weeks of school and then after Labor Day they're going in person. So we'll see how that works. I
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: don't,
SPEAKER_R: they're doing everyone in person?
SPEAKER_L: if they want to, like, we had the option to where your kid can either stay virtual or they can go in school if they want to. So my daughter wants to go to school. So I told her okay, but I mean you have to wear a mask and you have to do this. And I'm like, I'm like, listen, you have to follow the rules or you can't go. So I don't know, I feel, I do feel bad for the kids, like we're all going through something we've never experienced before, but kids don't understand, like they don't get it, so I feel bad for him. Well this is definitely gonna be in history books.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's like we're living through like history right now, everything is crazy, but it's definitely interesting. I just hope we'll go back to normal, but I say that, but I don't think it's ever gonna go back like it was broken.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think everyone go back to normal. I felt like in schools they're gonna like reduce class sizes. Like even when the virus isn't like, like as big as it is right now. I feel like they're going to change things permanently.
SPEAKER_L: I think so too, which would be a good thing because honestly class sizes are too big. I feel like, well hopefully, or even if they could somehow maybe do like a block schedule because some schools have talked about having like some of the kids go monday, Wednesday, friday, whatever over Tuesday thursday and I like that you need because then it would get them used to going to college and stuff because I feel like kids need to be prepared as young as possible because I mean, nobody goes to the same college class five days a week. Like get them used for having to switch and having to keep up with this work for this class and this work for this class. I mean, instead of just, you know, I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I got a kissing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Because I know I like that. I love like having that freedom to do your schedule. Like you want to kind of work it to your advantage. But one semester I ended up having like a two hour break in between classes. I don't know how that happened. Like I've messed up, but I used to always skip that second class because I don't feel like sitting around. I'm just look at myself now and I'm like, why did I even do that? I should take myself to class. But I don't know, that was a fun time back then. Like, if I could go back and relive it because I'm at the age now where I feel like, like younger people like your age, I'm not, you know how you have your grandma and them to tell you well, you need to do this and you need to do that. Like, I feel like that's me now because that I'm 35 I feel myself trying to tell younger people, so I have to tell myself you be quiet like, but I just came up and like, y'all got literally the world, you know, in your hands. So take it like, do everything, you can enjoy your life, have fun while you can because I mean it's not always going to be, you know, you can do anything you want to, but yeah, we don't have too much longer until 25 minutes. Is that what time does it say on your clock? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: says 9 23.
SPEAKER_L: A man says exacting right, Yeah, can we stop exactly at 25 minutes? Did it stay on there? I don't want to close the window help?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I want to close them either. I'm probably gonna break like a minute till after.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know what? That's a good idea. That's a real good idea. That makes me think that when I have to clock in at the hospital, the time clock, sometimes, if you were like right on the time, it would cut you off and then you'd be short or either that people thought they could clock in right on time and maybe a minute late and get yelled at my uh Uh huh Yeah, Yeah, every day. Mhm I want to thank you after this, I gotta work out, I need to lift weights, I got to clean my house, I got so much stuff to do. So much stuff to do. Are you taking it easy today or you got a lot on your plate?
SPEAKER_R: I mean the whole quarantine. I've been taking it
SPEAKER_L: Power?
SPEAKER_R: easy. I really been doing much really and I still work out and I play like basketball. But
SPEAKER_L: Al Qaeda is cool. Mhm Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I like I like the rec leagues and stuff. They're all shut down because like the virus so
SPEAKER_L: I'm not uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you can play
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: against
SPEAKER_L: fine,
SPEAKER_R: other people.
SPEAKER_L: wow, I was a member of the y and they ended up, yeah, the open gym, they had to quit that and I felt so bad for the guys who used to go out there and play basketball, you know what I'm saying? Like multiple times a week. I was like, yeah, luckily though we still have some parts that can get together and play, so that's good. They're not having to quit altogether.
SPEAKER_R: I wanted to watch every single day so anything
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: shut down for light like four months now.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah, ours were shut down for a while and then it opened back up, but they said we had to wear a mask. So while we were working out because initially they said just gloves, they didn't make the mask of requirement. But then it was a requirement. I was like, well, I mean, that makes sense. You know, because you could still pass on the virus working out or whatever. But I had to quit because I don't have the lung capacity to be trying to work out with mask on. So that was one thing I couldn't do. So well, I think it's about that time, but it was nice talking
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: it is. No, it's not going to you too.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Good luck with your school year.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.