Yeah I can hear you
I'm fine.
Yeah I just want to talk about
not
there.
Um I'm in college right now and I always live in texas. I was in Houston and I go to texas tech and I'm a major in business. Oh.
like a decent amount. It wasn't like flooding or anything but it was something. Right.
Um I don't even know. Yeah I'm like thinking about it right now.
Maybe don't nobody though
you
got
a teaching degree? Yeah.
All
Yeah that's good.
I'm in my second year I'm going into it my second year.
I live on campus.
No
Yeah that's
fine.
Well I haven't moved in yet but I'm about him. Yeah.
Um It starts it starts sometime this month but I have a lot of online classes. Most of my classes are online so
I'm cool with it. But like all right. It being a person.
No, not really. It's not yet. Probably like next year like moderate.
Yeah. I hate my two.
Um I only have a favorite class. I was like, I like all my classes. Really.
No,
I don't.
Yeah, I think so. I called you though. It sounds like the last team.
I liked it.
Oh yeah, I do. I'm taking it this year.
No,
not yet. I'll start, I think I started this year like second semester.
Yeah. I live in Houston.
It's, yeah, it's a lot of traffic.
Always been to Dallas one time when I went there. There was not much traffic.
No,
no, I don't think it is right now.
Yeah, we have but we still like, we still have fun and stuff.
We just like to be running real to like
go out to places.
I don't know. Probably something about like, like how people introduce themselves or something like that.
You
probably will have to do something like that. We're probably gonna like in my later years.
Uh Is this your first
time
doing one
of these like video video things?
Thank
you.
Um This is my second time doing it. I did it like two weeks ago. Someone else. It was it was the same researcher doing it like going out we're doing right now. Yeah.
It probably does.
Yeah. I don't know anyone like that, but I'm fine with it. It doesn't bother me or anything.
No.
I know.
I
was crazy.
Well, he's getting cancer.
I
feel like in texas things sometimes
like
open up more than like other states. That's like what the corona rates are going up.
So are you working at school district next then? I got
to school,
Because
I
want to talk about, yeah. I was wondering if I was gonna work, cause like you said, you want to teach like second grade, right? Yeah. And there's like a bunch of little kids and they're probably gonna be like wearing a mask and stuff. I was wondering how that worked.
I play with it. Yeah.
What
they're doing everyone in person?
Yeah, definitely. For sure.
I don't think everyone go back to normal. I felt like in schools they're gonna like reduce class sizes. Like even when the virus isn't like, like as big as it is right now. I feel like they're going to change things permanently.
I got a kissing. Yeah.
says 9 23.
Yeah. I want to close them either. I'm probably gonna break like a minute till after.
I mean the whole quarantine. I've been taking it
easy. I really been doing much really and I still work out and I play like basketball. But
Mhm.
I like I like the rec leagues and stuff. They're all shut down because like the virus so
you can play
against
other people.
I wanted to watch every single day so anything
shut down for light like four months now.
I think
it is. No, it's not going to you too.
You too.