SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hello. Everything's on, Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. All right. A little bit. Mm. How would they would never do? Right, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. Wonderful. What? Yeah. Okay. What? Oh. Mhm. Thank you. Oh my God. Okay. Inspired by. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Wow. What? Mhm. Mexico? No. Yeah, mm hmm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: Hi. How are you? I'm done.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of have to do it less minute room change. Talk to people.
SPEAKER_L: I completely understand. My husband works from home and he's on an online meeting. So I get stuck in the back bedroom here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Three. I just kind of, well sadly I I when I was doing the scheduling I kind of like takes all the open hours and I'm not I
SPEAKER_L: Before.
SPEAKER_R: think I wasn't like I wasn't expecting to actually have such a quick like a quick response when I'm not even sure is like I sometimes wake up basically I was going to wake up like this early in the morning but I have to wake up a little earlier just to watch it to actually be more prepared. But it's I guess it's just I guess it's to me it's I'm more surprised like yesterday there are yesterday they they're they're putting up survey and then now like an hour later years of appointments. How about
SPEAKER_L: neat.
SPEAKER_R: you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Right, So where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I live in Colton.
SPEAKER_L: Colton?
SPEAKER_R: I called him California. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm in florida. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I can't
SPEAKER_R: you're going
SPEAKER_L: believe that you actually are here. That's a major time difference, isn't it? Like eight a.m. There? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is. That's why it's like I woke up Basically I woke up at six just to make sure that I got I got something to read and prepared because you know it's like who knows how how would I how I would actually I feel if I just like okay half hour like 7 30 let me just get ready for for this. But yeah. Yeah I mean for me it's probably it would have actually been it's gonna be it's gonna be a a partially long day but after if it was any other days it would have would have actually been longer more stressful to watch what you do this. So like so I guess I'm able to actually be at home doing this it's all fine.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Do you work from home also then? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm basically um I'm looking over like a a virtual room with students. They
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: need help. I can if they need help with any questions assignments I could just taken to a separate two separate room, a private room and then just talk to them about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what are you kind of teaching them? Right.
SPEAKER_R: basically a variety of like computer related computer related like classes of programming is the computer programming is the main subject or most of the subject that actually comes up. Sometimes there's questions related to like um Microsoft Softwares, Word PowerPoint, Excel and I'm also a tutor which I do. So the my main job is kind of like looking over like several students tutoring is like a one hour one on one session where basically the student has no worries about me having to like to go help anybody. They can say any questions they want to take as much time is needed. So that being a tutor is easier to do because I'm getting to teach them whatever whatever they think that they that they're actually not getting are missing. And it's not like the other it's not like the other one were I'm considered a student aid or lab instructor depending on car. Some people would want to actually um see it as both uh with uh lab instructor. I only have like five minutes to make sure that I as sit I summarize or try to actually explain as little as possible what the question is. But as a tutor I can basically just like explain at length what they are there. But the question is what they should be doing other possibilities. That's about it. But yeah it kind of bronze. But what about you how are you what's your job or experience I guess working at home are,
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually a part time bookkeeper for in luxury RV storage place. There's a lot of like we store half a million dollar RBS and Right. So uh Yeah. And the owners are just a complete mess. So one is 85 years old. Right.
SPEAKER_R: the it's
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: if you're 85, why are you
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: starting a business? That's all I got to say. Right. And The other one's 81. So
SPEAKER_R: I've got a couple.
SPEAKER_L: no, they're just they were best friends and now they're enemies because they hate each other with this business. And it's not fun. It's like complete nonsense. It's just like, You know one of them, the 81 year old he wants to spend spend spend money And the 85 year old is a ex president of a bank and he has a lot of money.
SPEAKER_R: looking
SPEAKER_L: And so then there's me and I come in and say wait, stop both of you. There's no money here. Like they're going to have to solve the business because there's absolutely no money and But the 81 year old still wants to spend,
SPEAKER_R: to spend on what?
SPEAKER_L: oh my goodness. The most nonsense
SPEAKER_R: concept. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for instance, they've just spent $3000 to fertilize the law.
SPEAKER_R: All right okay. Do it's just a it's just a RV lot they're not really trying to sell they are trying to sell the Rvs they're just
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: stories.
SPEAKER_L: no. They just store them, they just park them and leave them undercover. So they just spent $3,000 to fertilize the lawn. Does does right? So, and there's other stuff that you just sit there and I go, wait, wait, wait time
SPEAKER_R: I type
SPEAKER_L: out. What is going on here? Like I can't,
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: there's just so much nonsense that yeah, this weekend, it's like they're they have rented an office trailer, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Which is stupid. And so they finally realized after two years of being in business
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that it's stupid to rent an office trailer. So they're pulling that one out and replacing it with a new one, but they're going to be down for over a week with no way of no internet, no phone, no plumbing, nothing. And they're like, could you stay out here and direct trap? No. Hmm, mm No, that's not my job. I'm not going to stand out there in 95° heat as you guys try to remove trailers and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: put office. No, no,
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. Um It's like there it's just a storage Rvs like it just you just
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: parker he's in
SPEAKER_L: lot.
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: It's a parking lot and they have made it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: difficult
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: that it's not even, it's just hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: uh I I feel for you it's like I was work I did work for an old an old lady who was who was running a thrift store and so her problem is that she just she has a she she has a she had a small store but she just packed everything like everything that she got donated that looked decent. She just put it in there to the point that there wasn't room for people to move to walk in the store and there was nothing to say like, okay, this is for males, for female, this is what size that's just like you just couldn't tell. Like just from looking at the store where you were trying to go to, the only, the only thing I can tell is if you know what the difference between a male and a female clothing is great. If you know the difference between a male and female pants. Okay, that's actually good for you because you all the pants are in the same place, all the t shirts are in the same place and it's even got worse when it was non basically appliances. They were just couldn't at the very back and whatever way that you could actually put them so long as it isn't like all of a sudden topple or fall on the floor. So you're just the customer was on their own. They just basically have to shop knowing what they what what what kind of clothes they were looking for. And the only the only person that was helping was the old lady who never actually never actually gets up from her from her front from the cashier at the front of the store and this of she's helping her friend or she's just angry. And then another old lady who is actually taking care of the owner. And the only ones that were actually help, the only extra aids that she was getting help from was volunteered and it only took not not not all volunteers were willing to actually just stay there for that long. Like no more than a week. People got sick and tired of her and they just left. Um yeah jihad somebody who who came and his job was trying to improve the first store. Several people tried that. I mean I even tried that suggesting she ended up not actually liking me but the guy who was like whose business was to improve stores he looked at basically her all the financing others everything that she actually did and on that same day never came back. It's like he he looked he looked at how things were being managed and he said he didn't say to us but we heard from we've heard from the person who was still there he said forget it he wasn't going to come back. He there's so much there's so much work that needs to be done but she is not willing to to do to actually improve outside of what she thinks is right and not really. Yeah and I'm only talking about the first store that had the selling clothes and appliances. She had a small bookstore which she she wasn't the bookstore was actually but worse because her
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: idea
SPEAKER_L: can that be
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: worse? I mean books like I have a passion for books, but I'm like, how could that be worse? Because what you're describing is horrible enough
SPEAKER_R: so when you have a bookstore, what's the number one thing that you want to do? Like
SPEAKER_L: categorize,
SPEAKER_R: you wouldn't you want to sell them but she her idea wasn't really to sell them. She kind of she was kind of saying it but really what she wanted was to have it where students would come and read the books, did not even allowed to rent them and I'll take him home. And then when we come back now they go there to read the books and she was kind of create some sort of programs so that students young people would just go there and and reads. But she always lock that place up. She didn't really encourage people or maybe a school. She's like oh I have I have a bunch of books. You got students who want to have reading time and all that. Here's a room, Go ahead. She was very protective of those books so that she was just collecting books. She had ideals. But she got herself, she was in her own way of getting stopped. Yeah anything. So yeah it's like to businesses, one was more of collecting and then the other one was, she was willing to sell stuff but she was just so disorganized and any time that she got she was getting help she just wasn't just wasn't really accepting it. Like she got, she got angry at me because I was pointing out the obvious of just put up the sign that says the put up a sign that says you know what is the close, what's the sizes you got? Everything is just, it's just too much you got to remove some stuff to actually make space and um there was something else that she got. Really? Oh yeah she's not willing she wasn't willing to actually have her own cut her own employees by from our clothes
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: because I don't think I might be remembering this wrong because because she what the problem is like there wasn't that many people coming in. She was she just kept putting more cold in and no one was really taking them taking him out. No no not that much purchases. So it's like okay fine how about we you let people who are working in here just start buying stuff because there was some this decent stuff in there but she just some reason wasn't really happy about about that. She compared herself to Goodwill but like there wasn't it's not she can compare herself to that and she wants how to help her who worked at Good, who was working at Goodwill and she was using her to point out that employees cannot employee Goodwill, employees cannot buy from the same story. They work, they have to go to another store and it's like yeah just like that. No it's not you know she's not in the same situation, there is no other store you can actually go to to actually buy her own clothes like no just this one. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How would that work?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh It's just weird and I've and I've also seen the extra storage of stuff that's the stuff that she had just clothing just jihad a trailer truck that can take the trailer truck of nine full close but like uh maybe like 1 10 like 1% or 1/10 of that giant trailer being filled with clothes and yeah. Hello? Mhm mm. Okay. Yeah that's what you uh are you still there, wow. Yeah, not sure if you cut out or mm Uh huh uh huh, Mhm, Mhm Oh whoa Oh Oh
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea what happened, Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah thanks for on my end just disappeared I guess
SPEAKER_L: But I didn't
SPEAKER_R: that there was a connectivity issue.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I went back to the original page and it said that they had problems with their servers so I don't know if it was us or them. Hello.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I don't know, I think I think it's probably I was still I was still seeing maybe seeing myself is not really uh might not be a good good indicator of the things that are working or not. I had I had that same issue yesterday where I wasn't I had to log in online and for some reason everything was all my we're routers wifi was saying like yeah everything's working fine but I couldn't connect to the outside world as there's just the word thing, try to reset everything and then that didn't work two minutes later everything worked fine.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Yeah that is I've had to fix computers, networks and that's sometimes that's what happens. All the basic fixes that you're trying to do that don't work, you have a bit of time and it fixes itself. Yeah, I think it was it might have been that from the company's end endpoint that there that the networks ended up going down. But somehow I was, you know, sometimes somehow is still saying that we can't really find anything wrong with the device, but we we also noticed that that that we can't connect back home so but everything is fine, you know, something like that. Yeah, it's actually it's been it's been a bit difficult to actually to actually do everything online because uh when things go down you got to know the right phone number to contact the same. Like I'm having issues. I'm not I'm trying to I'm trying to clock in for work when I just can't uh or even even emailing probably even though even though you try to actually use the mobile service that sometimes doesn't actually work to uh Mhm. Yeah. Internet and old people just having running businesses not in the right way, is basically what? But this kind of uh chad has been about
SPEAKER_L: frank explain.
SPEAKER_R: right and sure I did not hate the old that old lady but I just wish that she had, she just took better advice from people were trying to to offer and and with your situation where the two old guys who are literally just managing an RV parking lot, do you like? So I live close to RV retail place and they don't know, I'm sometimes that you're like high in the world, is it, do you ever get a chance election go in there? And just or is it just like, so you do actually get to see what they are like hard as, because I'm almost there is it really does it really look spacious, comfortable enough like an entire family to be in there?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean it's completely doable
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: with if you
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: have like the class a diesel pushers you know they're 50 ft long and they're like a mobile home right But there's issues every single place you know with the pandemic and everything in the hipsters these
SPEAKER_R: Those times,
SPEAKER_L: things are so expensive. All the spots I mean you can get an RV spot let's say you wanted to go and to Wyoming And just to stay overnight at one part would be $100. Why wouldn't you just get a hotel then? You know the gas mileage is not that great. 2 to 3 MPG. Not good. You know there's so much stuff that you have to do to me, I would never own an RV ever it's just it's too much hassle. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mm How big is the, is the obvious, what's the capacity of the, of the N. R. V. Gas tank if it's simply just two, mph? Like
SPEAKER_L: you're looking
SPEAKER_R: how much,
SPEAKER_L: so 100-200 gallons depending. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's a fortune. Just what you feel it. Mm Is that, is that their primary home? I've seen people
SPEAKER_L: no no.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Uh no they I always say they have more money than sense when they own an RV because they are just nonsense, they're ridiculous. They, you know, they have like a half a million dollar RV right? And they are storing it at our place for 250 a month and they take it out maybe twice a year. Right?
SPEAKER_R: mm. Okay. Why not the strength? It just Right.
SPEAKER_L: Why even by one
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: Why
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you're just stay in a hotel? It's just you know and but then you have some other people that are hard working and I've gotten to know them and they go every weekend to a state park and they try to make it as economical as possible, you know, so it's just kind of, I for me I would never buy an RV
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: there's too much trouble,
SPEAKER_R: ballistic?
SPEAKER_L: it's not worth it. Um It's too much money involved, I would rather just stay in a hotel, but there's other people who are like oh I've got to buy a monstrosity and driving down the road and inconvenience everyone, it's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: right. So there the place that they're actually, they're driving a giant call that they have to be careful where they have to drive because not every not every highway now the road can compensate for their size. Yeah. Yeah. I think the where I live they redid a on ramp on off ramp. Uh Don't basically they redid their we did um and enter and exit. We're basically it's kind of it made it easier for for cars for small cars to actually get in and out of that of the street going to the highway. But what they did was the you do a circle so like a circle to actually go into into the into the highway that's the entrance but it's like um 40 it's not it's like a 45 degree um uh angle that you have to actually drive along. But the entrance to the to the heart of the highway has a roundabout. It used yeah so it used to be just a simple straight straight road that goes from um I guess stores to like in the industrial place. But they decided to include around about I guess it was their way of solving the the problem of people having to actually make a left turn to go into the, into the highway and say like uh let's just make it quicker for every cars, every small cars mind you to actually get on the on the onto the highway. But that was a truck route. I used to like to be a truck route because over that if once you pass the highway it's just a bunch of like warehouse and factors. And I'm thinking like a lot of, a lot of trucks must be, must have to actually reach that area. But then I'm also thinking like now it's like rvs might have to actually go through there because there's also a gas station and getting off of the, getting off of the highway over there. You got that For a guy like 45° angle that you have to drive onto. Hopefully you don't all of a sudden tip over there and then you have the roundabout, which I'm not sure if it could actually do a safe circle of thought, scraping the IT center. I'm not just natural well what's going on there? But then you're telling me like there's some people who are like Willing to drive a giant RV two for the inconvenience of others.
SPEAKER_L: Being.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. It's a, it's like, I'm already about like, hey, hopefully you actually know that the, that the entrance, the highway that you're trying to get into doesn't is not angled to too much and you're not top heavy or you're not going on on an overpass that's too low for your vehicle. Because I've seen I've seen those videos where the delivery truck drivers are trying to are driving and then all of a sudden their top doesn't actually clear. Do you ever pass and there goes other supplies? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: But I think that's,
SPEAKER_R: but I've seen.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I think that's our time, so it was my stock and do you have a great day,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: popular? I won't talk to you later,
SPEAKER_R: Lord.
SPEAKER_L: but to have a good one.