Yeah. Hello. Everything's on, Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. All right. A little bit. Mm. How would they would never do? Right, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. Wonderful. What? Yeah. Okay. What? Oh. Mhm. Thank you. Oh my God. Okay. Inspired by. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Wow. What? Mhm. Mexico? No. Yeah, mm hmm. Hello?
Hi. How are you? I'm done.
I completely understand. My husband works from home and he's on an online meeting. So I get stuck in the back bedroom here. Yeah.
Before.
neat.
Right, So where do you live?
Colton?
So I'm in florida. Yeah.
I can't
believe that you actually are here. That's a major time difference, isn't it? Like eight a.m. There? Yeah.
Right. Right. Do you work from home also then? Okay.
What?
So what are you kind of teaching them? Right.
I'm actually a part time bookkeeper for in luxury RV storage place. There's a lot of like we store half a million dollar RBS and Right. So uh Yeah. And the owners are just a complete mess. So one is 85 years old. Right.
Like
if you're 85, why are you
starting a business? That's all I got to say. Right. And The other one's 81. So
no, they're just they were best friends and now they're enemies because they hate each other with this business. And it's not fun. It's like complete nonsense. It's just like, You know one of them, the 81 year old he wants to spend spend spend money And the 85 year old is a ex president of a bank and he has a lot of money.
And so then there's me and I come in and say wait, stop both of you. There's no money here. Like they're going to have to solve the business because there's absolutely no money and But the 81 year old still wants to spend,
oh my goodness. The most nonsense
for instance, they've just spent $3000 to fertilize the law.
No,
no. They just store them, they just park them and leave them undercover. So they just spent $3,000 to fertilize the lawn. Does does right? So, and there's other stuff that you just sit there and I go, wait, wait, wait time
out. What is going on here? Like I can't,
there's just so much nonsense that yeah, this weekend, it's like they're they have rented an office trailer, okay.
Which is stupid. And so they finally realized after two years of being in business
that it's stupid to rent an office trailer. So they're pulling that one out and replacing it with a new one, but they're going to be down for over a week with no way of no internet, no phone, no plumbing, nothing. And they're like, could you stay out here and direct trap? No. Hmm, mm No, that's not my job. I'm not going to stand out there in 95° heat as you guys try to remove trailers and
put office. No, no,
It's
lot.
It's a parking lot and they have made it
so
difficult
that it's not even, it's just hilarious.
How
can that be
worse? I mean books like I have a passion for books, but I'm like, how could that be worse? Because what you're describing is horrible enough
categorize,
What?
Yeah. How would that work?
I have no idea what happened, Right.
But I didn't
yeah I went back to the original page and it said that they had problems with their servers so I don't know if it was us or them. Hello.
What?
frank explain.
Yeah I mean it's completely doable
with if you
have like the class a diesel pushers you know they're 50 ft long and they're like a mobile home right But there's issues every single place you know with the pandemic and everything in the hipsters these
things are so expensive. All the spots I mean you can get an RV spot let's say you wanted to go and to Wyoming And just to stay overnight at one part would be $100. Why wouldn't you just get a hotel then? You know the gas mileage is not that great. 2 to 3 MPG. Not good. You know there's so much stuff that you have to do to me, I would never own an RV ever it's just it's too much hassle. Mhm.
you're looking
so 100-200 gallons depending. Mhm.
no no.
Uh no they I always say they have more money than sense when they own an RV because they are just nonsense, they're ridiculous. They, you know, they have like a half a million dollar RV right? And they are storing it at our place for 250 a month and they take it out maybe twice a year. Right?
Why even by one
Why
you're just stay in a hotel? It's just you know and but then you have some other people that are hard working and I've gotten to know them and they go every weekend to a state park and they try to make it as economical as possible, you know, so it's just kind of, I for me I would never buy an RV
because
there's too much trouble,
it's not worth it. Um It's too much money involved, I would rather just stay in a hotel, but there's other people who are like oh I've got to buy a monstrosity and driving down the road and inconvenience everyone, it's awesome.
Being.
Mhm.
But I think that's,
yeah, but I think that's our time, so it was my stock and do you have a great day,
popular? I won't talk to you later,
but to have a good one.