cool. You see my bed? Oh yeah. Wait, Claudia was kind of shit. Oh hello?
Yeah.
Oh,
how are you
still alive? Can't complain.
I
guess you have a laptop. Uh webcam thing? Yeah. Actually this is when I have I think I got this 1 15 years ago and it still goes and it seems that webcams have not advanced so by Daniel one.
Thank
you.
when I read the instructions, this is basically talk about whatever you want. And so as we talked for 25 minutes in some fashion, they will pay us so cool. Oh,
I'm
dan,
my name is dan.
Hello,
congrats.
that's neat. Which I'm from New York myself, I'm 34 um breath was about two weeks ago, so I have just recently age substantially. Uh Let's see. What about me? Well, which will upstate new york that curiosity. Yeah.
It is very much upset. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Um so let's see. What about me? Um I went to college at Adelphi University in Garden City in Long Island. Uh Then I went to law school at ST john's. Uh So I'm a lawyer, I'm also a certified public accountant because I'm a glutton for punishment and also intensely boring evidently. So I do taxes for a living and yeah um
also perhaps relevant, I do the taxes for the Dental City club of new york, so I know
a fair number of dentists, so it's a good career. I don't know any poorer one, so go for it, wow. Oh.
Uh No, no I I live in Suffolk County, which is about 40 miles from the city. Yeah. Yeah,
so basically I I live close enough to get to it easily but not have to deal with anything coming out of it. Uh
because the city is a fun place to visit but I would never want to live there because no. Uh huh.
yeah
fantastic
because
because
I am
Yeah. I mean I was actually born at
N. Y. U. Hospital um you know Back in the Great Glory stay in 1986 so first breaths I ever took more of new york city smog and I'm proud of that fact but um you know I was there for that occasion and I'm good not being there further.
Yeah although it's kind of fun you know I took the bar exam because the Jacob Javits center and I take the 54-1 train out of Babylon and you know come out of Penn station, I'm marching down whichever street that is over their hands or Jacob Javits and I see all my other bar exam takers, they don't have their outlines and you know they're reading you know they have their walking like this and they have the piece of paper and they're just reading their outlines and just throwing them to the street as they went along and I'm like I'm like seriously people, if you don't understand, if I know you're not going to get it, just
calm down, just be happy,
Yeah, it's three years. The old joke is that in the first year they scared to death uh second year they work you to death in the third year they bore you to death. Okay.
Kind of Yeah. I mean the one that there was a saint john's is that they scare you. First year they're working the death the second one and working to death in the second one is absolutely true because so then you've got your full course load absolute and then if you did well in the first year you get onto a journal and then they just throw staff adverts and assignments at you endlessly and not fun. Don't do it.
I
don't blame you. Yeah. Um uh Yeah so um t t is good I guess. Right?
Right.
What? Right.
What?
I can't,
Okay. Right.
Okay, fair enough. I mean actually I haven't drink coffee at all. Um I just never got into it, which most people find me to be utterly insane for not being into it. And they also wonder how I stay awake, which really I don't know, I just do.
Uh No, no. You know the weird thing about me is that um I tend to wake up around like 9:00 or so I'm also self employed so I'm allowed to do that, that's nice. Um But then I can stay up to like 4:00 AM and I feel fine, like I don't know, like I've always been a night on my whole life and um I ain't changing. Yeah,
I
you
know,
he
started checking out Yeah, you know, I mean, I used to you know, you start playing games or whatnot, you know, because I play a lot of strategy games that they really suck you in and like I look at the uh oh, it's going to get light out, I should probably be asleep now.
I realized
Okay,
Yeah, that always hurts, I mean, or you like you're writing a paper into the wee hours of the morning, just because you kind of didn't do it until the last minute, so you have to go out now, it's like I cannot sleep till it's done. Yeah, because I have those anxiety dreams and you know that oh my god there's that you know if you have these dreams where like you know you Thank you imagine there's a whole class that you signed up for it but didn't actually attend until the last day. They found out now the exam is in 20 minutes and like I know nothing. I
love
more
now.
that's always fun. Okay well well uh my video just stop just oh there I am. Okay.
Yeah
it likes to freeze on rather odd things. Um
ah yes I remember what they are. Um Yeah yeah what do I do, what happened here? Uh I used to collect you know military medals so I have a bunch of iron crosses, I got this one soviet medal. That's pretty cool. Um I actually I quote I've got up on the shelf over there, I probably show it if you're curious. Um So I do that, I do a bunch of And a whole lot of computer gaming, but um I don't know if you're familiar with them, they're adventure games from like the early 90s and late 80s. Um Yeah, most people aren't,
but basically they're called adventure games where you go around, it's an interactive story and solve puzzles and you have some really great characters and very, very good stories that come out of there. So I'm still, yeah, I'm only marginally older than the games themselves, I'm still playing to this day just because they're nice at this point. It's nostalgia to a great extent. Um Beyond that I've been trying to get into sailing. Um We bought a cheap busted down old sailboat that I've been trying to teach myself first of how do I get to work again and then how do I actually get it to like go, Which that's kind of mysterious but I'll get there eventually. Oh what else do I do? I do taxes, but that's not a hobby, that's profession. Uh um
I have put yourself. Oh
But
really?
you just get
Obviously,
that would be,
I'll take your word for it. I mean I ended up in, I think it gets really incredibly cold and like there will be ice and like skating is useful.
Yeah, you make sense. I mean we haven't gotten
snow down here in a while although last year um No I mean the uh the river that actually I live nearby about two years ago, it actually froze solid for the first time in like a decade or more and so I decide okay this looks solid and I just started walking out onto it and like this isn't right.
No it was solid and actually saw one some people actually took a what they call those um a snowmobile and they shot clear across the river and I'm like you are way braver than I am or
just stupider.
Yeah that was cool. Just doesn't happen very often because especially where I am, it's really at the mixing point where it's not really fresh water, it's actually saltwater. So for that to freeze that that was impressive. Um
How long
last year? It was actually really mild I think was the year before that I want to say. Yeah I mean we just had like a week or two or is just incredibly cold and you started seeing that little patches, I started on the shore than just creeping up to the middle and then you got thicker and thicker and thicker. They see all the all the seagulls and whatnot like standing out like well this isn't right so.
I mean I mean upstate, I mean let's see if you've got like is that you're the finger leagues over there or?
Where is it that I'm actually trying to find on the map now because like I know it's up there but I don't quite know where
there is.
Oh yeah I found in Lansing and at college town. There we go. Yeah
yeah
that's a big one. Yeah I cannot pronounce these names of state. Okay uh
can you the link? That's a long lake my God. Mhm.
Yeah it's right there at the base of all the finger lakes. I did not I did not know that well. If
you ever did.
If you ever get a chance though, go out east onto the North fork of Long Island. You've got a bunch of vineyards out that way you've got Comic Bay. It's it's really nice out there, it's beautiful. And also they haven't really committed a whole lot of development. So you saw a lot of the old farms there there it's pretty low density. If you go there like you in the summer and the fall around then you have all these farm stands all over the place. A lot of marine is about actually have a friend out there is an architect but he he took us so his his house is actually on the inland, he has a little dark back there. He said hey come on over and you know we'll go on my boat and he basically took us from his backyard Southold over to shelter island to a restaurant which is more to the side of it. And then like I think this really salty fish thing, which I was not that good, but it was really neat because you know, I've never been a boat over there. It's actually will say is that it's shelter, shelter island, Beihai, shelter island sound that we went out on. Um
So if you ever get a chance, it's lovely. And also a lot used to get around then the Hamptons, which is the south fork, that is a nightmare to get to. But if you ever get a chance, there's this really weird shop that is off of 27 senators highway that they, it's just all they do is life size statues. And so they've got statutes of everything you can imagine. It's just fun to wander around that thing.
Um life size, let's try to find it. I think it's life size step. See
No it's a shop you can buy the things here. It is. Life size statues statues statues. Um it's uh 1547. Um Sunrise Highway. If there's a way I would actually send you the link to it so you can see the website it's kind of neat. Um And every time I go out east I kind of have to go there. Um
Actually life size stent life size statue dot com. So that's forever. And if you go there right now they actually have a picture of a little girl on a giant cow statue which is there. Um You have to get some of these statues I don't know what I'm gonna do with them but I got to get them. Okay. Yeah. What uh Let's see. So you're down in Maryland?
okay that's pretty
close. Yeah.
bookstores.
Yeah. So let's see by Clarksburg. Okay.
I'm
trying to do the strangulation but that doesn't matter. Yeah. I actually haven't been down in that area in a long time. I remember that background 2000 2001 actually that we want to go to the inauguration. We didn't go uh, we went like the week after and that was before the terrorist attacks. So, uh, it was a very different time. I was all of 14. Yeah. And I remember that Congress Lady Nita Lowy. She actually has tickets to um basically take the little tram that goes from the Rayburn building which is the Congressional office building straight to the capital. So from what I understand that has been closed to the public. But it was this funny little tram system just underground VC that connected all the buildings, these little open trams like if you can sort of imagine um you know like the tea cups at like amusement parks like open tops and it's like a little driver in the front of it and these little tracks and it's like really nondescript little hall and you just, you know, tumbling down and that thing just going from building to building like and I got to do that, I just came playing in this really fancy hallway that is basically used by congress people and senators and like this is cool.
I mean I think there's some youtube videos actually show it back when it was an operation to the general public but like I was there so cool
of this uh you know, the week after the inauguration in lined up with like my, that was like in early february, so I was like winter break or whatever. So so you know we we went down there you know my mom and dad and we had the motor home at the time so Cherry Hill RV Park and we drove into D. C. And we did all this stuff. That was the thing
first.
Oh God we went to the White House. I know. Um you can, what did we do on that trip? I wish I saw joe biden giving a speech at that time. Uh Yeah yeah he had a bald spot. I remember um was in the capital and then I think we went to we did a couple of the museums and monuments. I actually went to look at the potomac or anything like that or even George let's say Georgetown in relation to that. Where would that be sure? I think did we go there?
All
right. It's
I think you know the cherry blossoms were not in bloom so we could have seen those because it was the dead of winter. Um We spoke to this sort of crazy lady who is protesting in an unending fashion on the capitol steps. I think she has stopped her protest at this point. Um She was friendly enough. We have some camcorder video of her talking. She was an italian lady. Yes a little nutty but okay.
20 years ago I mean that's it scares me that now I'm getting to the age where like things can be 1520 years ago and it's like I remember them and like it's all different now. It's like uh I'm rapidly aging here just like not cool. Yeah
I
think
that's what yeah.
I guess you. Yes. 2001. Yeah. Yeah. That's before 9:11 which is and when I think that that was so long ago. It's like remember that like it was yesterday. But Yes, I mean for you, I guess that would mean you that was 19 years ago. So you were like, Oh You were three years old.
picked
us up.
but
she was his name.
30
minutes
and
you
can help
me fix
your car.
Well
he
went
out
there but
just check
up. Uh
The pentagon
is
the
first time.
Thank
you. Yeah,
he was
when
he
heard
like
and uh
he
didn't
cell
phone,
Some
people
but there
they
started
talking
out
and
he
made
it
I was negative. Mhm.
But
it
can't
balance
or
something
else.
yeah. Well, I mean, so I live in new york. We were living in Westchester at the time, so I was going I was I was in My 10th Grade History Class, so I had no idea what was going on. Remember we're learning about the triangular trade, the slave trade across the atlantic. I remember what they remember what the topic was because this is how emblazoned my memory it is. And the first notion that I got and we got as a whole class, that something was not right is when the principal came over the pa system and said, you know anyone who has like a parent that works in the city, please report to the principal's office. And this one girl MEREDITH, she got up and she was no one to leave the rest of us. We all have parents who live and work in the suburbs, right? Uh, let's just, we don't know is the county Amelia to the north of the five boroughs? Yeah. Um, so you know after that class, you know, then I I don't know anything I haven't seen on tv, there's no radio. I'm just going from class to class because I'm the good little book of students, Right? Um, but rumors started going around because some kids, you know, they do hear certain things and the guys who cut class basically and like that the stuff happening, but we don't know anything. And finally around lunchtime, a friend of mine, Pat, he lived literally across the street from the school. So him and a bunch of other guys, they all went across street. They saw everything. And then really, then the rumors started up like crazy. I anything I called my mom, I said, what the hell is going on? And yeah, that's that's really when I found out the exact magnitude of it. Um, and then there's a whole bunch of nobody was really paying attention at that point. We'll just talk about what the hell is going to happen now because it was like this is huge. And also the rumors that like cars below in L. A. And this and that people are making stuff up and like oh my God the country's Andy we're being invaded right? Um But of course none of that happened. Um but then you know school day ends, they did not let us go early. I remember my mom picks me up, we head back. Um I go, so I go into the house, I go into the kitchen, the kitchen overlooked um Long Island Sound. It was a really nice place to grow up and I still remember this from the window, so in the kitchen, if you look straight ahead, but look to the right those windows over there, I could see the columns of smoke rising from ground zero. Um and it went on for better than a month. I saw the black accurate smoke coming up and blowing out towards Long Island. Have the winds been different? My house who have been coated in that. Um and I remember seeing the black acrid smoke day in and day out for about a month. It started jet black to start with and as the fires died down slowly and it changed fuel um it slowly starts turning from black to a grayish to a whitish and then finally there was nothing, just the odd vapor every once in a while. But yeah, that was creepy that you know, I remember coming home and I saw that was like this is very real and yeah, those guys blew up my city and I was not happy about that. However, I tell you to your story, my cousin actually my cousin Philip, he actually worked down by the World Trade Center. But that morning he's a guy who's never really enjoyed working in any real sense. He decided I'm going to call in that call in sick that morning and so he was not there. His office was about a block from the World Trade Center. So well done Philip, being a lazy jerk saved your life.
But you know, I found out later I was looking at the list of the victims and all that. Apparently there is somebody that I am related to somehow, I don't know how, but he worked for Cantor Fitzgerald, he was a bond trader and he died, he was one of the upper floors and um, I know I'm related to, I just don't know how. So they got one of my people. So all the rest of you got to go, right. You
know,
I think
Keep
I mean.
Right. Yeah. And that that kind of depresses me because You know every time I every time 9-11 comes around and I see documentaries, I see the videos, like it doesn't feel that long ago for me. Like, you know, like if you talk to our parents for instance, they can basically tell you, you know where they were when they heard that the USSR fell or the Berlin wall fell down these great cataclysmic events of geopolitics or going further back. You know, they know where they were when they heard that Kennedy got shot, these great cataclysms and we don't feel any connection to that. But 9 11 for my generation, particularly for, you know, people who grew up in new york. So people around me, basically, that really is like the defining thing in my young mind at that point, that that was like the day the world changed. That, you know, you think from one side was a very happy, carefree existence and then there after it was a lot darker. Um and you know, it was that day. Um but yeah, if you don't remember it, if you didn't live through it, you'll never know the difference, you'll never feel it. But the one thing I would say the counter that is unlike something like the Candy assassination was very grainy footage When 9 11 happened. I mean that we've got that film from many different angles. Um you know, and it was a very concrete event. So like, and also this year, horror of it. I mean, someone get um some of them got recorded. Um I don't advise people watch it. I've seen too much of it because it's it's unnerving specifically that they yeah talking about this but they film people that you know with the fires going on the building actually jumped on the upper floors. You see them falling. That that that is so let's talk about something happier.
I
love dogs.
I've
got one too. She's a little
jack russell. She's Susie.
Oh no no she's psychotic. She's nuts. Hard.
What? She's upstairs someplace you're doing her thing. Yeah.
yeah so the first dog that we ever had was a french Scorpio. His
name was lily. Um Her name was lily but when I was a little kid I could not pronounce the L. Sound. So it started offensive saying really? I would say E. G. And then over time that suddenly developed into D. D. Because I still can pronounce L's for whatever reason. So that was dD.
Well Susie is 14. She just turned 14 at the end of August and if you look at it you cannot tell she's still pretty hyper. Although she doesn't like doing stairs anymore. The thing I don't blame her. Uh um
But now you're you're happy uh dismissed you there. Uh Is she uh is she white and like with red hair or let
me tell
you.
Oh yeah.
Yes my friend David, he actually had what was it? It was pierce and I forgot the other dog's name and then they had puppies. So he had like eight little puppy owns that looked just like that. Yeah. You know the poor thing I mean they had the parents the potential passed away then all the puppies passed away and that was sad too. But they were cute little dogs. Um But the puppy oh that we had with my mom. So my mom actually got the dog, she found it on the street actually. It was actually hiding underneath the car somewhere in queens and she actually brought out from underneath and nursed back to health. You know
lily had like no hair. Her teeth were all she believes that the prior owner was actually just giving them coca cola to drink instead of water. So the teeth at all corroded. So you can even age the dog. But it was still a young job and uh 11 2nd. What um you can actually age dunk and but you know finally hair grew in and it turns out it's actually pretty rare. It was an all red hair people young which is beautiful dog. But I had a very nasty street especially as it relates to me uh
uh She was a biter. Which you understand why given her earlier life so you can't hold it against her but who got that hurt? Okay.
I
guess.
he
he goes nuts. Yeah. You know Susie doesn't say anything. She hates all other animals, but she just adores any any person might be, doesn't matter who that is. I'm trying to say I think the photo from my my yeah, here she is. She was worrying. Let's see if the skin, there we go. Uh
if I go that way, there we go. So we had this this collar on her because she she's got the same. She's been like looking for a pause at the point they believe dogs do this um sometimes and so we just had that on so she wouldn't actually go out to pause for a while, but the cutest collar ever.
No, she she's getting better. So we took her to the vet a couple of times and this is her fall asleep behind my mom on her chair. Yeah,
there we go. Um you know, they gave her like a shot that's like an anti interesting and it's really helped her. So she's she's getting
a whole bunch better. But beyond. I'm trying to see if I have any Photos of outdoor pets. Uh because we actually have that right now. I think 16 Mallard Ducks that they come around, we give them crack corn at least a couple times a day. And you know, they all waddle up to us and like, you know, give us food please and then fling it at them and they all these little feeding frenzy and then we've got only on 22 or three seasons now actually uh swans that they have the mama and papa swan. We feed them and then they have the little signet's and then the signals, you know, come on in and you know, eat everything in sight. Um And I just froze up again I think. Um And actually I've got a and then my phone for us to what the hell's going on here. I mean, I can actually send you, well, I can't really show you the video of the cigarettes and a little feeding frenzy, but like the swans especially just like trust us implicitly now because we fed them for so long that like they let me get right next to the little signals and take their pictures and uh baby swans, they're cute when they're little, but there's little gray things, you know, and they came right up to us and it was neat. No.
What's that?
Thanks.
Like
it's
so
Have
good like,
so
many
Don't
be
Uh let's say, I mean, I don't know if you can see this, but this is a little Oh, of course. I turned my phone up. I actually record the video upside down so I don't know how I fix this now. But yeah, so it's upside down, sorry. But basically have these little food, we got these little PVC caps and we fill them with crack corn and water, their
global food balls, you know? And uh actually was I've got better stuff than that. But that year it was this one Mama, Here we go. Here is the Mama Duck with, with the two ducklings. Yeah.
Right
honey, they're happy. I love those little tax. Yeah.
you did.
I think it's
completion
the first
arrest
you can
call the
doctor
like
So
it's not, Oh, that's nice.
like
it's
they,
they're, they're squiggly little guys. Yeah.
If
I'm pretty
Why don't you?
Clean
up.
that's the thing.
People
trust.
they're things for a reason. Yeah,
fact.
yeah, they actually have a problem down like north Carolina, all the hog farms and whatnot that when they get like hurricane and floods then overflows the pig pits and because like an ecological hazard for miles around, it's like, oh God no.
thank after them. Yeah. But no, no One
thing that happened speaking of chicks is so we have one of the little duckling, like freshly hatched little guy. That one mama duck that the two ducklings there, she originally, I think eight eight ducklings. And by the end assumption we had two left, which is sad as anything because the wild animals we feed them. But we, you know that's what we can do. Um but one time I actually came into our carport because we were feeding them there and this one duckling. Um so we had like a little plastic cup was clear plastic cups that we filled with some waters, the mama duck to get a drink and she knocked it over and then she was lying outside. This one duckling decides to go inside because she was curious and then it doesn't realize that I can't get out and tries to turn right and the cup starts rolling and I think that all confused. It was so incredibly cute
fun. Yeah. Yeah. And
then also are swans. If if we don't pay attention to like this it doesn't pick it up like come on I'm here feed me. I'm like wait for it.
Yes they have. Yeah. Except for geese. Geese are just mean all the time. Yeah
you can't
just get rid of them but you know send them back to Canada. Um Yeah but yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Yeah pretty much.
I mean we're going to be talking for 25 minutes. I think we've crossed about 35 minutes. So
Um
It's been lovely talking to you. Yeah if you ever wanna talk some other time. I don't know how we would talk to each other but I loved him.
You
too. You have a great night
it