Yeah, how are you?
Good. I'm just mhm.
Only nice to meet you.
I
have no idea what we're supposed to talk about
No I'm sure
we can
keep
up the conversation.
Um I'm in Ohio, how about you?
sister went to college in Rochester so.
You are?
Okay. What are you studying?
you're an undergrad? A grad student?
Nice. So are you um all online this semester or
so?
Yeah, it's definitely safer but it doesn't quite feel like the same education. Yeah.
I
finished I finished up a master's last semester and it
was so difficult to have to do it all online because I was doing a masters in bioethics and it's a really heavily discussion based program, not exactly
the
world.
So I wrote my capstone project on how physicians can build trust with patients for sex workers. Mhm. How about you? Are you working
on a thesis?
Mm. Yeah, I was planning to do a series of interviews with physicians for part of my thesis. And uh yeah, by March, that wasn't happening.
case Western. So
I'm
outside,
I'm
outside of Cleveland. So yeah. And I was supposed to study abroad in Amsterdam in May for a course on women's health and public health. I did not get to go to Amsterdam.
Yeah. I've never been to europe before, so I was really looking forward to it.
I will some
day,
but I was looking forward to getting to exercise my passport. Yeah,
I did, I did fortunately get to go to Iceland last year to visit a friend and that was amazing.
I went in october, I didn't end up getting to see the Northern Lights, but it was beautiful and got to see um I'm going to butcher the pronunciation Yokosawa, a national park, which is a about four hours outside of Reykjavik. And so glaciers and seals And the, I think I may be one of the few who I know who's gone to Iceland who actually got to eat some of the glacier
with yeah,
the
national park, the little pieces just washed up on the beach. So we figured
why
not taste
it
Yeah, it was
so cold.
Yeah. My friend who was living there at the time told me you know it's freezing. I did not take into account that she grew up in California And to
her 40°F is freezing. Therefore I was ready for like summit of Everest cold. And it wasn't,
Yeah it wasn't late that late while I was there because we were getting up into the all but it didn't stay like a lot later than it does here. Mm We're currently it is getting dark at
5:00
it is, we're going in the wrong direction here in Ohio. Um We had 8000 cases on Friday. Um and our governor has said if it doesn't turn around by next thursday he's closing restaurants, bars and gyms again.
Yeah, I'm from new Hampshire. What part of massachusetts are you from?
I'm not familiar
with Norton. My sister's husband is from Sharon. Mhm. Yeah.
I was a graduate of USC so I learned some football by osmosis but I'm not a faithful fan.
I grew up in Manchester. Yeah.
So yeah my dad grew up in
Methuen so it's not that far but I've already,
yeah I haven't done, I will someday I'm sure hitting all the new England States in one day. I know it's
I know it's possible, I haven't done it but I know it's possible.
Mm. Yeah, the White Mountains are gorgeous.
Yeah. I've already told my family, I'm not coming home for christmas. We are a hotspot here. So it's just
no, no worth taking the risk.
Yeah. That doesn't sound like taking things that most seriously.
Hopefully
they'll go home and quarantine for two weeks.
Right. No, my mom works in a hospital so she's very cautious. Yeah.
And my sister and brother in law just had to quarantine a couple weeks ago because somebody he worked with tested positive and he's in the military, so apparently they don't wear masks rather
at work,
so they got to stay home for two weeks. Their dog was thrilled,
Yeah, I've had my dog for about a year and a half, but she's still very happy that I'm home all the time. Yeah.
Mhm.
All right Lady. I want to say hi
lady.
Thank you. She came with severe separation anxiety. So
for me being home she very much appreciates it. So I work from home so like I feel like I never leave.
Yeah one of the nice things is usually I can take her to the dog park and it's like 40 acres. So I'm not on top of anybody and except now we're having a thunderstorm and it's pouring out and we don't do the dog park and that. Yeah,
they can be. Yeah. But they're worth it. How about the rabbit?
What's his
or her
name?
I take it you don't live in a dorm then.
Mhm. Yeah. Being on top of all those people.
Uh We will get through it. Maybe we'll actually get a vaccine. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah it's I mean I would like to go back to my normal life. I will be getting my vaccine but. Mhm. Yes.
Yeah. I imagine that even after the vaccine we're going to be wearing masks for a while. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
I haven't
seen
this yet.
Yeah it's
I can't imagine my grandmother with a light up basque But she's 92 and hasn't been allowed to go anywhere because her kids are very protective which makes sense.
She's ivy too mm.
Yeah.
Yeah my grandmother does walk her dog but she misses being able to go to the grocery store. Mrs being able to go play bingo. Mhm. If she wanted any of her
kids
to visit
oh if she wanted any of her kids to visit they all had to sit on the front porch, nobody could be in the house at the same time. Yeah, that's
Yeah. Yeah. I live alone and I moved to Cleveland just last year so I'm fairly isolated in the last, What are we at now? eight months, nine months that since lockdown I've seen one person that I that I really no not just you know wave high when I see my neighbors and it's so strange. Yeah.
So are they essential workers then?
Yeah. I was surprised one of the few things I've done that involved other people as I went to a protest this summer. Um and the police weren't wearing masks and the police chief
was trying
to
shake
people's hands. Yeah. Mhm. Steak.
No.
Yeah my dad's a retired police officer um and we have not spoken in months because
he's pretty racist launches
one for but my.
things are going so well. Right.
Yeah. I have family who has die hard trump fans. My cousin's wife's father plays golf with him apparently.
exactly. He's doing terrible things to our country and seems to be pretty hell bent on continuing doing terrible things for our country for the next two months.
I think his staff are having mass delusions because they all think he's going to be president. Yeah.
Yeah. Politics is kind of cyclical like that though. Um, I majored in political science and worked on campaigns for a while and you know, you work on campaigns for months and you work in an administration and then your administration turns over and you do something like waitress sick. Yeah,
Mhm. But yeah, it's a really weird system.
No, I voted for him. I did a little bit of text banking, but my first dressed matter Pete. Yeah.
You got the job done.
He got the job done, which was
the most important thing.
Now.
Yeah, the Electoral College. Mm. Did you make it appointed in this administration? It wouldn't surprise me. Mhm.
That
she's
in her 70s.
Well, with Elizabeth Warren, what you have to worry about is massachusetts currently has a Republican governor who would appoint a Republican senator. Yeah.
And
margin is going to be thin to begin with. I think It's going to be a 5050 Senate. If Georgia flips their senators, the
runoff
is not until january.
That is unfortunate. Name
passed
it
years ago. Yeah.
Yeah, the governor fought it like to the nail apparently because
I mean, instant runoff voting makes a lot of sense.
they
just have to get at least 50%. Yeah, massachusetts. Such a weird state politically though, because I remember a few years ago when they passed recreational marijuana use and voted against selling wine in grocery stores on the same day.
Mhm. Yeah, gambling came fairly quickly once it passed right like this evening.
I think new Hampshire is the only state that does not allow for profit gambling other than like the lottery
in
New England.
Mhm
Right. Which is easy to do in New England massachusetts
also?
Yeah. So within the same year the legislature passed concealed carry without a permit in new Hampshire And voted against raising the legal marriage age to 18. Yeah.
Yeah, it's still, I think they did finally raise it to 16, But it was I think 12 for girls and 14 for boys
Up until I think 2017,
No, we got concealed carry without a permit, the approval for the police to do checks on people who vote, registered to vote the same day as the election. Like show up at their house and make sure they actually lived there. Yeah. And not raising the legal marriage age. Mhm. Such a weird state. Massachusetts is a weird state to like so liberal but still has the blue laws about like alcohol sales on Sundays,
It feels like so many states are just kind of split personalities. Mm.
Yeah. Northern new Hampshire, a lot of towns have more cows than people. Yeah. But yeah.
Yeah. Austin too, I think. Yeah. Yeah.
Now being in Rochester you pro or anti garbage plates.
Yeah. For my sister it was about you have to find the right places. Mhm. Mhm.
I can't remember. I think she did. Um And where whichever her favorite place was, it was like in a pretty bad neighborhood across from a vacuum cleaner repair shop
pattern.
Yeah. Her favorite thing about Rochester though was Wegmans. Mhm.
And there's a lot of Wegmans in Rochester, she and her roommates, her senior year of college. Um Their goal was to hit every Wegmans in Rochester by the time they graduated.
Yeah. Yeah, insane. Like such such a cult thing and they're in massachusetts now. My sister and her husband loved them.
Yeah. We do not have ligaments here in Cleveland. The
closest
one is in eerie Pennsylvania which is like 90 minutes from here, which is not so bad. Too far to go for groceries.
No, definitely not. Like they're nice stores but they tend to be, I find them I don't know about Rochester but anywhere outside of Rochester I've been I tend to find them pretty expensive.
Yeah. They didn't have a nice granola bar before the pandemic. Like the mix
your own granola. But
no my grocery store you can get anything that like you pull down a handle and it falls into the bag but nothing with a scoop.
Yeah. Although I kind of miss being able to buy rice and bulk. Mhm. Yeah, that was a nice easy thing. Mhm.
Yeah. I know I would like to go on vacation. I'm in the middle of applying to medical school and I keep saying if I get into medical school I'm going on vacation. I don't know where I'm going on vacation. Yeah.
Yeah. A friend and I have talked about going to universal but that seems like it might not be the world's greatest idea.
I
think
they
would,
Yeah, I think I would drive. It's in that kind of weird zone where I am, it's like a 17 hour drive so it's doable, although not necessarily fun. Yeah.
Mhm. So that would reduce that risk at least. Yeah. Then you know come home and quarantine for two weeks. Yeah.
Yeah. No. Did you go home for the summer? Did you get to see your family?
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen my family since I went home last christmas. So yeah, I was on spring break when they canceled everything to so I of course I had gone anywhere I was working and stuff but. Mhm. I got an email with, yeah, we're not going back in person. It was like really this is a very overpriced education to not be
going back.
Yeah, but you'll graduate with your masters out of it. Right.
Yeah. What are you hoping to do?
totally.
The leads
are
my feelings. Oh cool.
Yeah I imagine that's not a particularly high demand right now though.
Yeah I worked as a tutor I took the Salesforce exam to have something else for. Mhm.
Exactly. Yeah I had a couple of months with tutoring where the pandemic kind of wiped out all my clients because I tutor I tutor A C. T. And S. A. T. Prep thankfully fully online
for the last three years. But you know we went from March to august without any tests. Yeah.
credit yeah smaller groups wearing masks now the tests are selling out months in advance.
a lot of colleges aren't but a lot of scholarships still are
mm. So if you've got kids who want to get scholarships yeah got to take the tests. I had one.
Yeah my guidance counselor was very particular about my score because I was a national merit finalist and he wanted me to get a scholarship. So So I think I took the S. A. G5 times. Mhm.
That's one way
to.
Yes I get it. I I dated a guy who was from L. A. And uh after we broke up, the Dodgers were in the World series and I didn't care who beat them but I really wanted somebody to beat the Dodgers.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All is fair in Love and War I guess.
Well we are way past or 25 minutes.
Nice chatting with you. Was your name Melanie or melissa Melanie. Well it was nice to
meet
you.
I'm
bye.
All right. How do we end this? Is there a button?