Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
Melanie
Newt
Hill.
I know. I was like oh tech but it's fine. Not too worried about it.
Where
are
you from?
Like roughly
new york upstate so not the city. Mhm.
Oh I'm in Rochester. Did she go to you of our already?
Okay. Yeah I'm already so
um environmental science. Mhm.
Um I'm in a like B. S. M. S. Program so I'm doing a little bit of old right now which is a lot of work but hopefully it'll be done this year.
Pretty much. I have a little bit of lab work that I go to do in person but otherwise it's just online work which is weird but it's safer so
I totally get it.
No it's such a waste of money. It feels absurd to have to be paying them to teach myself how to do things. But here's what it
is.
man.
gosh, what was
your
pieces?
Interesting.
Yeah I'm doing um like overpopulation of deer species and how forest fragmentation and the policy surrounding that is actually like encouraging population growth and invasive species in like non native plants as well. So luckily everything that I'm researching I can do outside. Um But it is still weird yet having to explain things to people and have conversations with my advisors via zoom. Not ideal.
Oh my gosh. I know. Yeah last semester at least this semester we kind of knew like okay it's going to be online but last Mr was awful. Just everything shut down halfway through. Good. So what's cool did you go to?
I don't know
if I
know anyone that went there but I'm
familiar.
That's so sad. I did study abroad in Sweden a few years ago and it was awesome. But I know so many people. I actually worked for the study abroad office on my campus and we had to cancel everyone's trips. Obviously it was really sad especially like some students especially if you wait till you know the end of your college career to go and then it gets cancelled.
No you'll go someday.
It
will happen.
definitely.
What time of year did you go?
Oh my gosh.
Okay.
That's so weird.
That's
wild.
I went
to Iceland two but it was in spring so it was still cold. It wasn't warm
but
we didn't go that far out. Mhm.
All
Right. Yeah it's like chili but not breathing. That's funny. The weird thing when I was there it was light out until you know 11 pm which was such a different concept for me. I had never been anywhere where it was like that.
You
know it's awful, I hate it. But hopefully people just fix their stuff with the virus and then we can actually get outside during the day and do things so won't feel as bad soon. It's going to be a while though.
Right, I saw my family is from massachusetts and so I was planning to go back for thanksgiving. I don't really know, It's a good idea anymore, but Massachusetts has shut down everything by nine pm and then new york is doing the same. So I imagine if it doesn't slow down soon, they'll just close everything out, right?
Um Right by Gillette Stadium in Foxboro. Mhm um Near Sharon. I'm in North and I don't know if anyone's heard of it,
so
no, I actually work at the stadium in the summer, which is really fun and then this year like was weird, but I got to meet like cam newton, which was so cool, very exciting for me. I don't know if you're into football, but.
Right, and how far up in New Hampshire are you from?
Thanks.
Very
I feel like everything in New England is accessible if you needed to be.
I've never done that either.
Right. Yeah, I honestly, my sister lives in Rhode island and providence, so I'm back and forth from Rhode island massachusetts a lot, but new Hampshire is more of a like going hiking type trips.
Right. You know, I haven't been in a few years now because it's been so busy. It is really pretty up there.
That's unfortunate.
Of course, yeah, I know my parents are not taking things seriously and that's funny because I'm like, I should be the one worried about putting you at risk and now I'm worried that you're put me at risk. They're in florida right now on vacation, so
No.
Great.
Yeah, somehow, I doubt it. They have been getting tested regularly, which is good to hear. All right, that doesn't help from actually getting infected, so
you have to be so crazy.
My gosh,
why wouldn't you? That's so weird.
Yeah, I know. I was thinking so many pets must, especially all these people getting new puppies during quarantine, they're going to have so much separation anxiety. I feel so bad.
Yeah,
what's her name?
Some
of us Oh my gosh, so cute.
Yeah, it's tough.
Yeah, I know, that's one of the tricky things you have to like find a way to get out of the monotony doing the same thing every single day.
you know, I've never had a dog, but I've had a cat and right now I have a rabbit. So, but dogs are a lot of work,
so definitely.
I don't
know
that. Um, his name is button. He's just a little rabbit.
No. Yeah, I moved off campus. Especially this year. I don't think I would have come back if I was in a dorm.
I know it's just asking for problems. I don't get it. But so, well,
I know. I think the problem with the vaccine at least right now is so many people are going to be hesitant to take it because of how fast tracked it was, but also they had to fast track it because people are dying at alarming rates. So it's just, there's a no win scenario here.
I wonder how they're going to police the way that people can do things though, Whether they have taken it or not. You're going to carry around something saying that you've gotten your vaccine to begin with. And then slowly just assume that more people have gotten it. I wonder.
Yeah.
I love how people are starting to make um like christmas and holiday themed masks that light up.
It looks so
funny.
Yeah, they're like pretty embarrassing. But I imagine that you need something to make you feel good about. Yeah. What's going on? So
My grandmother has one. She sent me a picture.
of course.
Yeah. My
grandma really only goes to walk her dog and she loves it because she gets to wave to all the neighbor tells me all about it. She's she's only 72 So she's still definitely at risk, but she can go for walks,
I know. I
feel so
bad because Yes. Oh, go ahead.
You know, it's hard because in a lot of people, elderly people will bring up like, you know, I only have so much time left because I want to spend it with my family, but then again, you're likely going to have less time if you're putting yourself at this much risk and it's just really scary situation, but you have to make sure we're like, I'm always trying to do phone calls and just keep in touch with people.
Yeah, that must be really hard, luckily I have roommates here and I have like a family that I nanny for, but even with them, I get nervous sometimes, like the parents seem to be really cautious, but I'm like, I don't really know what they're doing when I come back and forth from their house. So this little bit nerve wracking.
Um The mom works from home, but she has to be on calls all day, so I watched the kids because they're little and then the dad actually is a police officer, so he like comes into the house and then immediately goes and like showers and does everything. I'm like, we're not interacting at all until you have completely cleaned and it's still kind of not great, but obviously certain jobs need to happen.
So
that's
all
for
yeah, that's not great. I
went to only one this summer. I went in june and luckily it was like really peaceful and um but yeah, it's unfortunate and it was awkward when I started dating for this family because they tried to Abney on facebook and stuff, I was like, I don't want them to see me like saying things about the police when that's his job, so I just didn't have them on facebook,
so I'm so sorry.
that's tough.
I know, I have a few family members who are very die hard trump fans right now. How how are you doing with that? Because don't make friends,
Right, I can't
Weird. I had a coworker that told me that he golfed with trump, he's like, he's a great guy, awesome guy and I'm like why do you think that just because he's nice to you doesn't mean he's a nice person.
Oh my goodness. Well that in his mind he thinks he's still gonna be president, so
I have seen a fair number of his legal team are resigning, which is at least a positive sign that they recognize that he's an idiot. But I mean honestly if they stayed with him then they're gonna be out of a job in a few months because no one's going to trust them again.
Yeah, That's crazy. Mhm.
Mhm. I know. I have been trying to sort of get more involved in things in this year. I was like, this summer is gonna be great, I can help campaign because it's, you know, an election year and then every single person that I was supporting just slowly got kicked out of their respective races, like I don't really want to campaign for biden going to be honest.
I was I mean from being massachusetts I levels with warren, but I would have been happy with most people. Biden was an unfortunate choice but
hampering. What was that?
Hopefully.
I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
I was a very, very big Hillary supporter, which that was a very crushing blow for me because she won, she didn't run. Okay.
I feel like for her, I think she's almost just so detached
from things I would be done at that point, I would be like, okay, good luck. But who knows? Because
he has even
spoken out and said he's not going to appoint Liz Warren anywhere because she's too polarizing, which is hilarious to me. I don't think that's true.
That's so true. Yeah, I know,
baker is something else. Yeah.
I
know.
Yeah. I was so sad. We had um rank choice voting on our ballot this term and it did not pass. That was pretty unfortunate.
I think
it will get
there eventually.
that's good.
Which is so bizarre.
Yeah. Even my parents who I am like, lucky that they are very, very similar to me politically. We have our differences obviously, but my dad in particular was like, don't vote for ranked choice voting. Whoever wins deserves to win blah blah blah. And I'm like, what are you talking about? Like they still win parents square if it's brings joy? What's that
mean?
Yeah, that was weird. And then additionally, even though it passed recreationally, the restrictions on opening of like any stores or selling place locations were so strict, especially in my hometown, they made it so that you could only sell an industrial areas. But then the industrial areas had these restrictions. So it wasn't really until last year that we were seeing any medical dispensaries opening up. It took three years.
Yeah, they were ready for that. That was crazy.
That's
so surprising
to me, knowing. Yeah, because
Rhode island even has um, like sports betting, which is so weird because that's not illegal in massachusetts, so people just drive across the border.
New
Hampshire is very strange to me because it's just very much like live for your die and then who knows what's happening?
yeah, that's a rough take.
Oh my God, that was recently,
wow, that's so strange that people are okay with that. I feel like that's a given when you're voting like, oh yeah, that makes sense. We should change that.
right. Yeah, it is strange and you, because you have these pockets of complete, just, I don't mean to say redneck, but just so much of that. I mean I was in eighth grade and people were like packing their lips with Speaking to a tobacco and like you live 25 minutes outside of Boston. Is this really from the kind of life that you want to live?
it means a lot with the city's versus, you know, the more rural towns. Mhm.
That's the same with when you get outside of Rochester to the other parts of western new york upstate new york. It's very much like the texas of the north. Strange. But then again, you look at Dallas and everyone in Dallas and Houston is very, very liberal.
No, I have friends from texas and I always forget that they're from texas because they don't have that southern drawl going on and okay, don't talk with confederate flags.
I love garbage, please. I was like afraid of them my first year, but I've been up here so long, but now like I'll go eat one on a sunday afternoon, unfortunately.
Did she have a favorite?
It's
yeah, it's not a great city. All right. It gets the job done. That's so funny. I know. And then you try to explain it originally to anyone who hasn't been in the area and they have no idea what's going on.
Yeah, I know. I tried to not because people go nuts over pregnant like they love it. I was like it's just a grocery store but it is a really nice grocery store.
Mhm. Yeah, I would say there's probably You know, within 10 minutes of where I live you can probably get to two or three of them. Crazy.
that's a yeah, my grandma goes now and there's one open that just opened in Brooklyn and people like lined up outside for hours to get into the first Wegmans in Brooklyn.
That makes
sense.
About 90 minutes just for a women's.
Yeah, I think I'm definitely like a store brand type of person. So like Wegmans brand items are really reasonable. But if you're trying to get anything like not Wegmans brand, then it's going to be pricey.
I know
right. There were all kinds of bulk food items, which was really cool. And then now you can't do that,
right? That makes sense.
You know, hopefully things go back close to normal. I think a lot of stuff will change, but that'll probably be for the best.
Well if you've been fully isolated, you can drive somewhere, stay in a hotel, you probably do it safely.
I know my friend and I were going to go in december and I just was like, first of all, not the most stable financially right now with everything changing and I was like, it's so dangerous. Just flying and everything, you don't
know
how
many
people are touched. Yeah.
Yeah.
So weird.
Uh yeah, I went home in March. I was actually on spring break when everything shut down and then I was like oh well I'll wait another week before I go back up because like I haven't seen my family and the day I was going to drive back up to Rochester, my landlord Collins said that my whole apartment flooded and everything was ruined and so I had to wait for them to get insurance in clearing out the flood by the time that I went back up in May, you know school was over so I went back home to my parents and I just was there very weird
Honestly
if this is my last year I would have taken the year off I think.
Yeah, that'll be nice.
Um I'm hoping to do some sort of lab work. I've also been touching a little bit into environmental policy and like urban building, so hopefully I'm actually just past the lead exam. I don't know if you've ever heard of like
leed
certified
buildings.
So I am certified as a person to help a project meet those credentials. So that's kind of my backup plan is doing that until I can find something that I'm more passionate about.
No, but I figured I would just take it mm habits as a sort of resume booster.
yeah, just might as well. Especially so many of those tests are, You know, only a $100 and $200 and then you have that, you know, to fall back on,
culture.
they had to cancel them. All right. And just because I mean, I imagine like figuring out Prague during would be really difficult.
My gosh, and that's what I mean, ideally colleges should not be requiring them in that scenario. That's terrible.
Yeah that makes sense.
I was pretty psychotic about mine, I took it off and I was like just gone and I was pretty crazy about setting for it.
Oh my gosh I took it once And then I got a really good score but my boyfriend at the time had gotten 10 points more than me so I took it again so I could beat him.
Which
is pretty petty.
Yeah. That's funny.
Very true. Yeah.
Yeah it was nice chatting with you,
and
you're
just
you too?
All right have a good day.
I think we just close it.