SPEAKER_L: Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Hello? I'm sorry, can you hear me well?
SPEAKER_R: Yes I can. Can you hear me? Oh good.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: You? Yeah. Hi I'm jane, what is your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I I got like I was on my phone I was expecting like no one to come. But yeah. How are
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: Red. I um I just had a nice, I got a lot done today because I had a nice day off from works.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: What about you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Quite the officer. I slept all day and I I got to bed listening so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well that's always good to get rest. I love sleeping which is not good but I love sleeping Um on the weekends I usually sleep until like 11 for 12.
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? Uh Yeah. So we are you in the Eastern time zone?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you okay?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well I want my energy at night.
SPEAKER_L: You what?
SPEAKER_R: I get all my energy at night. Well I
SPEAKER_L: Same here. I
SPEAKER_R: I like that. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah, sorry, I'm also like more productive like I think I don't know if it's been because of quarantine or I don't know, but my sleeping schedule has been like super erotic. So like sometimes there's like these where I don't sleep at all and like there's days like today where I have like a full like 12 hours of sleep and I don't do anything. So yeah, I don't know. But.
SPEAKER_R: Well my schedule change and I don't know how I'm gonna be able to like go back to how it was if this and soon because They like I have a normal job where I were like 42 hours you know a week and they were having us go in that's just my job. I go in the office so then they let us work from home, Everybody, everybody in the department working from home and now it's so much easier and I don't have to get stressed out about traffic because there was always an accident every morning that would delay me. And then if there wasn't, you know, I would get there early and have nothing like there's always some time I'm here early, like it's just frustrating. So now if we have to go back, I'm like dreading going back because I love working from home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean who knows? Like is it a job that you, I mean, I'm assuming you can do it from home, right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So some of the people from my department, they have offered us to work from home even before all this happened that they are allowed to work from home, but only some people do it and I were going to call center and I feel like I improved being around people because I can hear how they're saying things and I can get better experience being with someone right next to me. Or if I I don't really because we still ask each other questions because we use a group chat, but just as far as experience and getting to know people and networking, I think it's better to be in person. Yeah, but I love working from home because I get to sleep in like an hour longer and then I want a bed and it's horrible. Has your schedule changed since this all started?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I transitioned from high school to college, so for me, like I have, I don't know what college is supposed to feel like, but um so far I've enjoyed having online classes. Um I don't know, I like, oh actually even before I finished high school, we were we transition online and I like I like, like you said like I didn't have to, you know, get up like two hours earlier and then go to school and stuff. But like that socialized like the social socialization part is definitely like not very good. Um And
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: they're making you do all your classes online?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, all of them. So I mean I guess the good part is like I don't take any like natural science classes like chemistry by I don't take any of those so uh
SPEAKER_R: So be fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that would be hard with it. So. Yeah but like I said, I don't know like I haven't had the chance to meet like too many people which really sucks. Uh
SPEAKER_R: because it's the first year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so like if I want to make friends, I think both parties have to be like very intent on making like a friendship because like just texting can take a lot of work especially if you do stuff like I don't know and those and then like I'll have like three conversations at the same time. And like for me that's like a lot I can't like juggle that sometimes so some people just like naturally just stop talking which is fine but it sucks So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah, I know what you mean. It's hard to always right back to people. Like I joined this Reddit group where you send each other gifts and I sent three people gifts and then I act it's weird. I got two gifts or got a certain amount to where it was like okay this is like an even exchange, but to be in that club or whatever that subreddit you have to really put time in. I was spending like so much time talking to these people that I don't even know, so I just kind of stopped doing it. Um I liked it like setting people's up and it was nice but um it just took too much time but it's good to do during quarantine because you can do it from home and talked two people and socialized. But I was spending I don't know, it takes longer than you think to like talk or text someone constantly. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I don't know for me like I don't know, I'm like naturally introverted so for me it also takes like some energy. Um I don't know. There will be times were like well text me, I just don't want to reply and it's like not for any reason in particular, I just don't have that energy so I don't know. All right. But yeah sucks.
SPEAKER_R: but I just don't know how I'm gonna do, we're going back because I'm now I'm like I don't want to get dressed now. It's weird. The only time I get dressed is on the weekend, like it used to be another way we
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: have webcams. Even when we're talking to our supervisor, they can't see it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'll be, to be honest I do the same thing actually. I don't I don't get dressed like at all also going out which is very rare. Um I always have like I have like a nice water on but I'm wearing my peaches so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What about that?
SPEAKER_L: So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like um my boyfriend he was working in person but he didn't like it. It's good that you're staying in, you know, staying safe and not going unnecessary places because he had to quit his job because he didn't like they were in such close contact with each other and then I'm like you cannot quit your job before christmas because I wanted a gift. But um then he got a he got a job like I'm so thankful he got a job working from home that just like everybody works from home and they sent him his equipment like he gets like dual screens and
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: he's going to be doing data entry, which he's really good at,
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm like that's good now we both work from home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that's good. Yeah. I used for me um I mean like my savings account is like running dry, so like I have to start picking up another job and I'm actually thinking of working at whole foods. Um but I don't know, I'm like nervous and like I also don't want to be in contact with people right now, like especially now these are going like up and like they're going higher than like before, so, but it's like, I don't know, it's like out of me like I have to and having toys, which sucks. But yeah, I mean I used for me like as an undergrad, like right now I don't have enough skills to like yeah, job from like that could work from home or at least I haven't seen any that I'm eligible for.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's hard to find one. I'm surprised he found one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I'll just see what happens. Oh God, I just told foods like it's a nice store, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well wolf foods is very safe to because we went there and um the man was like leave me and my mom went there and she tried to ask him a question, he like backed up like don't get too close like really safe,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like they have good policy to keep you away from other people and and plus it's not as easy to get through touching something that someone else touched, but if you're not close to people it should be fine. And like you said it's a nice store um but I've been staying into because I don't and like I'm really upset actually because my sister has a sister in law but we're all like really close and um now like I only have one sister, so my sister's sister in law is pregnant, so my sister is going to be an aunt for the first time and she's having a baby shower and we can't go. My sister can go because she's willing to risk that because she's the aunt, but I can't go because I don't want to be around people unnecessarily. It's just really upsetting that I can't go and stuff. So the team, like she had been trying to get pregnant for like two years,
SPEAKER_L: apartment.
SPEAKER_R: so it's not like she just was like I'm gonna have wondering quarantine or something,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: that's it's like a super heartbreaking to like um I actually had a family member that passed away like very
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: in um like quarantine, the quarantine pace. Um So a lot of people couldn't attend the funeral, which
SPEAKER_R: that's sad
SPEAKER_L: saw like, I don't know, I wasn't like my family wasn't super close that one person, but I mean for the people
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: involved
SPEAKER_R: knowing of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's super heartbreaking. Um But I mean I don't know this this virus has been pretty cruel in a number of ways, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like I wanted to start, I used to volunteer at the Ronald Mcdonald House when I was in high school, but then I wanted to start volunteering at a nursing home, and now I don't even think I'll ever feel like it's safe to go into one of those after this. There could be some type of other disease that develops that we don't know about yet. And they, the nursing home's got completely just burned like burned by this because they're all caught it from each other. So now I was gonna do what I signed up to do was teaching them how to use the computer and stuff, like showing them stuff on email and I wanted to volunteer that way and I really need to volunteer because I'm a gambling addict. And I like I'm always, it's weird because I always had like two jobs or like three jobs and doing extra stuff to make money. And then I but I wasn't gambling, I was just I just like money and then I started like, oh you can get $500.1 minute on this slot machine. I don't want to do this like because of that because I like shopping and stuff. That's the reason I became gambling at it. So everyone's like, you need to volunteer so I actually need to volunteer somewhere and now I can't and it's really hard, but I'm I'm going to gamblers anonymous on the phone and now and stuff like it's gotten better because I gave up all my cards to my sister and stuff like that. So I'm not right now. I'm not gambling, thank God. But it's something that I'm dealing with in it and quarantine makes it a lot harder because Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: are there any like local food banks that um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we do have those. Um my mom actually volunteers for one because she's like retired. And the thing she does is actually really nice. She volunteers for Saint Vincent DePaul and then they pay your utility bill if you can't pay.
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: But they vet you to see if you're if you qualify for that help and then they help you once a year. But they also have a food bank to but I could do what she does because that's from home. So that's an idea. You know, there's other volunteer things from home too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Actually, I'm not too sure. I mean I don't have the time volunteer unfortunately. Um But it's something that
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure you're taking like full time classes.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that on top of like I have a little sister to take care of and sometimes your household, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: old is your sister?
SPEAKER_L: she's a um yeah
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: she took the school online. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: but it's it's definitely hard for her to like uh I feel bad for for sometimes like I don't know, that's what you could do. Um And I mean talking of like opening schools up again um in like the spring, but now it looks like that might not be possible, but I mean I guess it depends um now we have a new president so I guess maybe that will help. So I don't know, but I feel bad like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: hard
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: for the kids. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's really hard. Um But yeah okay
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, but we'll see what happens,
SPEAKER_R: And I just hope like my job kind of stays how it is because no one's paying us. Like it's just so sad because it's like a theory I have. It's kind of weird when I go, I don't really cook so I
SPEAKER_L: Trust.
SPEAKER_R: can go out every day. But that's it just to get one food and then like eat the rest from home. Well then every time I go out, everybody like the road is packed, the parking lot is packed and I'm like, are y'all not, you're not paying your bill because I work for utility company. I'm like, you're not paying your bills, like no one's paying their bill. That makes me sad because I'm like our companies in a start laying off people. I'm like, can you stay home if you're going to be broken? Not, but like it's just a weird theory that I have and I'm sorry to be rude. I'm like, can I at least have the road because I'm doing and our job has gotten much more difficult to uh it's just confusing to me. I don't know what people are out doing and I want people to stay home because I don't want it to spread more too. And I guess they're like me, they just have to go get food I guess. But I don't know. I'm, I'm sorry to be mean. But I don't know because it makes me sad because I hope our job doesn't like change where they start laying off people or things like I know they are not allowed to do evictions that changed. Um, I just hope that like they start paying and like, I hope they do the stimulus check to help people pay and stuff like that. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: We have all these customers that don't, that just have past due bills. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. That's crazy. Yeah. I mean I just for I don't know, it is difficult. Like for example what my parents worked in tourism industry, right? And that's like, like what are they gonna do right there like pretty old. I mean it's hard to pick up jobs like especially at that age when I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Tourism is just not right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I mean it's hard.
SPEAKER_R: I understand why people hand. I just wish they would also stay home because it just, I was all right. People drive like crazy. That's why I was complaining about earlier because of me when I did have to drive to work. They would cause an accident every day and then get delayed like I'm like you have the chance to now stay home so please do. And in my city that it's spreading really fast, which I'm sure it is where you live too. And I just I think people should be more aware and stuff like that because it's spreading so bad. But um we're we always had a really small thanksgiving. So we're having just my sister and her husband over. I live with my mom. Well my boyfriend can't come because he has roommate so we're going to be safe. So I'm going to probably take him some food and then I go over there sometimes and I try to limit it. Um So we're gonna do with him like just some snacks or appetizers and just me and him. And then I'm sad about christmas because we've been having a tradition where we all um get together with my boyfriend and now I'm like and my mom will get him something and he'll get her something and then I'm like I don't know what we're going to do, but what do you usually do for the holidays?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I also get with my family um but I don't know this time it looks like that's not possible. Like it's just not in the books for us, but I don't know, maybe we'll do it virtually.
SPEAKER_R: Like I have a small, oh like a small thing just you are.
SPEAKER_L: It's usually a like a big like my
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: family
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: this year. Probably this year.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I mean, yeah. I get like I don't I don't think we're going to do anything even like a smaller I think we're just gonna stay home because that's I don't know, I think that's what's safest. Um So yeah and I mean it's not it's not like you know, a huge issue um for us. Well like well I don't know, hopefully a later day, you know, we can make up for all the celebrations that we couldn't have. But I think I don't know it's just the smartest thing to do right now. Like there's no way. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you study?
SPEAKER_L: Um So I'm actually a perspectives. Yes, major. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm not like I don't know because I'm also kind of interested in government. Um but I don't know what I would do in government. Like again I'm like an introvert. So I feel like like I could be like super outspoken with people and I feel like I'm not 100% like I looked at it and I think if you're not well spoken like no one's gonna pay attention to you or at
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: least.
SPEAKER_R: CSS computer science. Right so you could probably do government computer I. T. And still be kind of
SPEAKER_L: I mean the thing is that I. T. And CS aren't too related. Um
SPEAKER_R: no way
SPEAKER_L: my school doesn't offer I. T. So that
SPEAKER_R: program.
SPEAKER_L: sucks. But I am trying to like I am interested in I. T. N. Like specifically like I don't know like there's something called info sec info security. It's not like it's like white hacking or whatever
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I like.
SPEAKER_R: know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so um I'm like trying to study on my own. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a really good field.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so we'll see. Like I also had my high school I had like a help this job where I just would help teachers with their laptops or desktops. But it was like pretty simple stuff but you know at least it's something I have on my resume so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm sure with CS you'll be able to get a job but if you want to work in government you will be able to. Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's a really difficult. And I've heard that there's not many women in stem and stuff like that, so that's
SPEAKER_L: especially
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: less than like I. T. And stuff which is kind of scary but I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: think now that it's like well I mean I don't know like I was I was thinking like since I'm like studying I. T. Like online I don't get to like feel like I'm I don't know like the only woman in this field because it's not like I have a class of like guys in front of me but I do feel that in my CS classes it's kind of I have like I have well I have I'll have like classes where like um like I like pitch an idea and like no one cares about it or like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: they don't take consideration and so like the very like I said that from the beginning or like sometimes I like try
SPEAKER_R: it's,
SPEAKER_L: to pitch
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: hate that.
SPEAKER_L: for me and I'm like, please, I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: tried
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I kind of like, you know, put my foot on the ground and like, you know, say, hey, you know, I'm talking here, but you know guys, but it's
SPEAKER_R: that happened to me this week. I'm, I'm in graduate school right now and I'm doing online and when I was an undergrad, I never did online, but that's just what this program is. And uh, I'm doing like this. I don't know how to explain it. We, we do discussion boards. Mm. Do you all do that in your online classes?
SPEAKER_L: um this question boards like, what do you mean?
SPEAKER_R: Like reply to people and discuss? Um,
SPEAKER_L: don't have yet, but yeah, but like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: every week.
SPEAKER_R: I felt bad because I shouldn't feel bad, but I was supposed to be the thought leader where I'm the leader this week. So I had to make a power point and ask everybody questions to answer and post articles and do summary for the topic for the week and nobody has. So I posted mind like monday this past monday and then everything's due tomorrow tomorrow sunday and no one has a reply to any of my questions yet or said anything about my power point. So I feel the same way how you do. And I even commented on some other people saying I would love your thoughts on this and they haven't wrote anything because they're just busy because it's been a busy week with the election. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean it doesn't I don't feel like that would go against you. I mean you're trying your best, you can write and for young for their participation, but I would definitely I would definitely put that moment under discussion. What if I could
SPEAKER_R: Oh thank you. Hey. But I know how you feel because about the mending, that was our topic this week because it's like the class similar to an NBA, but it's called Human resources leadership. So our topic was women like becoming leaders. And I remember when I got my first job, they always pick this, There was only one man in our office and they picked him for everything. They picked him to train him on everything. I'm like I would like to learn that. What? But I hope that's not really how it is. Maybe it's just in that case, but I think that we have reached our time. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. All right. What would my talking to you and
SPEAKER_R: lightning.
SPEAKER_L: you know, like sunday tomorrow and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, adam. I hope your sister has a good thanksgiving and
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: you. I'm sure you'll do something with her. So that will be nice.
SPEAKER_L: I mean we can just put it on the computer place on my craft or something. I don't know. But yeah. Alright. It was nice talking to you
SPEAKER_R: Nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: hey? By