Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Hello? I'm sorry, can you hear me well?
Hello?
I'm just
yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I I got like I was on my phone I was expecting like no one to come. But yeah. How are
you?
Oh nice. That's awesome.
Quite the officer. I slept all day and I I got to bed listening so. Yeah.
Oh really? Uh Yeah. So we are you in the Eastern time zone?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
You what?
Same here. I
yeah, sorry, I'm also like more productive like I think I don't know if it's been because of quarantine or I don't know, but my sleeping schedule has been like super erotic. So like sometimes there's like these where I don't sleep at all and like there's days like today where I have like a full like 12 hours of sleep and I don't do anything. So yeah, I don't know. But.
Yeah. I mean who knows? Like is it a job that you, I mean, I'm assuming you can do it from home, right? Yeah.
Um So I transitioned from high school to college, so for me, like I have, I don't know what college is supposed to feel like, but um so far I've enjoyed having online classes. Um I don't know, I like, oh actually even before I finished high school, we were we transition online and I like I like, like you said like I didn't have to, you know, get up like two hours earlier and then go to school and stuff. But like that socialized like the social socialization part is definitely like not very good. Um And
so
yeah, all of them. So I mean I guess the good part is like I don't take any like natural science classes like chemistry by I don't take any of those so uh
Yeah that would be hard with it. So. Yeah but like I said, I don't know like I haven't had the chance to meet like too many people which really sucks. Uh
Yeah so like if I want to make friends, I think both parties have to be like very intent on making like a friendship because like just texting can take a lot of work especially if you do stuff like I don't know and those and then like I'll have like three conversations at the same time. And like for me that's like a lot I can't like juggle that sometimes so some people just like naturally just stop talking which is fine but it sucks So Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I don't know for me like I don't know, I'm like naturally introverted so for me it also takes like some energy. Um I don't know. There will be times were like well text me, I just don't want to reply and it's like not for any reason in particular, I just don't have that energy so I don't know. All right. But yeah sucks.
You
know.
Yeah. I'll be, to be honest I do the same thing actually. I don't I don't get dressed like at all also going out which is very rare. Um I always have like I have like a nice water on but I'm wearing my peaches so Yeah.
So. Yeah.
Why?
That's awesome.
Yeah. Well that's good. Yeah. I used for me um I mean like my savings account is like running dry, so like I have to start picking up another job and I'm actually thinking of working at whole foods. Um but I don't know, I'm like nervous and like I also don't want to be in contact with people right now, like especially now these are going like up and like they're going higher than like before, so, but it's like, I don't know, it's like out of me like I have to and having toys, which sucks. But yeah, I mean I used for me like as an undergrad, like right now I don't have enough skills to like yeah, job from like that could work from home or at least I haven't seen any that I'm eligible for.
Yeah, so I'll just see what happens. Oh God, I just told foods like it's a nice store, so yeah.
Yeah.
apartment.
Yeah, wow. Oh yeah,
that's it's like a super heartbreaking to like um I actually had a family member that passed away like very
in um like quarantine, the quarantine pace. Um So a lot of people couldn't attend the funeral, which
saw like, I don't know, I wasn't like my family wasn't super close that one person, but I mean for the people
involved
it's super heartbreaking. Um But I mean I don't know this this virus has been pretty cruel in a number of ways, so. Yeah.
are there any like local food banks that um Yeah.
Well.
Yeah. Actually, I'm not too sure. I mean I don't have the time volunteer unfortunately. Um But it's something that
yeah that on top of like I have a little sister to take care of and sometimes your household, so yeah,
but
she's a um yeah
she took the school online. Um
but it's it's definitely hard for her to like uh I feel bad for for sometimes like I don't know, that's what you could do. Um And I mean talking of like opening schools up again um in like the spring, but now it looks like that might not be possible, but I mean I guess it depends um now we have a new president so I guess maybe that will help. So I don't know, but I feel bad like
it's
hard
for
it's really hard. Um But yeah okay
so yeah, but we'll see what happens,
Trust.
for
Yeah. Mhm. That's crazy. Yeah. I mean I just for I don't know, it is difficult. Like for example what my parents worked in tourism industry, right? And that's like, like what are they gonna do right there like pretty old. I mean it's hard to pick up jobs like especially at that age when I mean.
Yeah. So I mean it's hard.
Yeah, I also get with my family um but I don't know this time it looks like that's not possible. Like it's just not in the books for us, but I don't know, maybe we'll do it virtually.
It's usually a like a big like my
family
please.
Oh, I mean, yeah. I get like I don't I don't think we're going to do anything even like a smaller I think we're just gonna stay home because that's I don't know, I think that's what's safest. Um So yeah and I mean it's not it's not like you know, a huge issue um for us. Well like well I don't know, hopefully a later day, you know, we can make up for all the celebrations that we couldn't have. But I think I don't know it's just the smartest thing to do right now. Like there's no way. Yeah. Yeah.
Um So I'm actually a perspectives. Yes, major. Um But
yeah, I'm not like I don't know because I'm also kind of interested in government. Um but I don't know what I would do in government. Like again I'm like an introvert. So I feel like like I could be like super outspoken with people and I feel like I'm not 100% like I looked at it and I think if you're not well spoken like no one's gonna pay attention to you or at
least.
I mean the thing is that I. T. And CS aren't too related. Um
my school doesn't offer I. T. So that
sucks. But I am trying to like I am interested in I. T. N. Like specifically like I don't know like there's something called info sec info security. It's not like it's like white hacking or whatever
I like.
Yeah so um I'm like trying to study on my own. Um
Yeah so we'll see. Like I also had my high school I had like a help this job where I just would help teachers with their laptops or desktops. But it was like pretty simple stuff but you know at least it's something I have on my resume so. Yeah.
But.
especially
less than like I. T. And stuff which is kind of scary but I
think now that it's like well I mean I don't know like I was I was thinking like since I'm like studying I. T. Like online I don't get to like feel like I'm I don't know like the only woman in this field because it's not like I have a class of like guys in front of me but I do feel that in my CS classes it's kind of I have like I have well I have I'll have like classes where like um like I like pitch an idea and like no one cares about it or like
they don't take consideration and so like the very like I said that from the beginning or like sometimes I like try
to pitch
something
for me and I'm like, please, I
tried
I kind of like, you know, put my foot on the ground and like, you know, say, hey, you know, I'm talking here, but you know guys, but it's
um this question boards like, what do you mean?
don't have yet, but yeah, but like
every week.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean it doesn't I don't feel like that would go against you. I mean you're trying your best, you can write and for young for their participation, but I would definitely I would definitely put that moment under discussion. What if I could
Mhm. All right. What would my talking to you and
you know, like sunday tomorrow and
my
I mean we can just put it on the computer place on my craft or something. I don't know. But yeah. Alright. It was nice talking to you
hey? By