Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. This video was made possible by written get top quality comfortable and surprisingly affordable wireless here but for 15% off at by recon dot com slash H. A. By. So remember when you were a kid and you had to learn statistics in the past?
Get her. Yeah.
Uh yeah lisa. At least 25 minutes.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I've been pretty good. We're just gonna try about random stuff right I guess
important.
So
what's your name? Teresa? I'm
Jordan. Nice to meet you.
So where are you?
Are you serious? I love Tampa and you know what venice is?
venison on the west coast. Just example
then a beach. Um
I
go
there
I go there for fossil hunting.
I look for shark teeth. You hear the Magadan? Yeah so I go and look for like meguid on shark teeth or like scuba diving or smuggling and the beaches there.
Um My mom actually has like a little rental property down florida but that's on the east coast but we usually go down there and a fossil you know every single summer and just have a good time.
awful
happening.
So
like
spanish
or
something or something like that
for sure. I mean I know like to eat that have like the Treasury coast which is you know all of the sunken galleon and stuff and on the west coast and all throughout central florida, there's like tons and tons of possible. So it's a really supposed to be. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah it rains all the time but right during the summer.
That is why I'm here.
Honestly it's getting a lot harder to I think it's a it's 100 degrees for the past like week or so, or at least it feels like 100 years in the past week or so. Uh
texas near Dallas.
I
I was like, oh my
god, I hope this can get past for them. Yeah.
exercising is brutal, but although I like, I like it because it's like dryer sheet, you know when I go, it's like I
know I said after like an hour because of all the humidity was like uh
in fact
uh I think that the beaches there, the cool, that's nice.
yeah. Yeah, I know. I saw a lot of people like partying stuff out there like nothing. Yeah.
That's
the crazy thing is for the longest time we didn't have mandatory masks, you know? I really felt like we should have, you know, it was like we would go to like grocery stores and people just walking around like makes me not want to go out at all, you know?
It's
slightly more
comfortable, right? But that's a
in
our,
that's how I agree. You know, it's like I was like, you know, we'll be fine epidemic. You know, we got the best out there just number five and now we're just like what
we
want beating everyone.
No. Yeah. I have some teacher friends that are really really scared of that because they show that in texas unless you are in a list of these conditions you have to return to the teach you want out of a job, they'll fire you.
They're just
like
They really can't afford, I mean like I'm at university right now at university of texas and they just sent an email that you know one of the custodial staff got corona and passed away and actually the first person in are all in all of boston or one particular all in all of boston to catch. It was our Youtube president because he grew up in new york and got it and he brought it back with along with other U. T. Students and they're like oh my goodness are you kidding me?
Yeah luckily not not super personally, like no family or no friends yet but to get our Youtube president's wife like together and other members just like that's crazy you know. Mhm.
They
Genius.
I I hope I hope everything goes well if the test and hope it comes back negative you know?
Why? I know, fingers crossed, I just feel people, you know well at least now if the mandate, I think Like it's a $200 fine if you're not wearing a mask outside, so.
Yeah. Just just, just baffled. Like you said, the level of intelligence, like you would expect
expect most the general, this would be a lot better than this, you know?
The hearing
well. And the problem is like,
I think I read an article recently where Like almost like 40% of cases or like it's a pretty, pretty large number is a lot more asymptomatic for a long time. You know, the symptoms vary a lot. Some will be exposing lots of them, some of the most anything for like one or two weeks. You know, you'll never know you caught it from
them. That's the problem.
You're forced room.
What makes, is it
awesome? Terry adorable
hold.
Oh so cute. Not one dog.
Mhm. Yeah, I love to get a dog but my parents are allergic. So I was thinking about fostering that or trying since I'm down at like Austin away from everyone so Well
that's what I heard, that's what I heard. Did you ever function
before?
What's
going on?
Oh my goodness.
I'm
cheese
and
Is she is
she all right and getting around? Yeah.
He's leaving all the time. Huh.
Yeah, that's
it. That's why walking like foster because I know that bills can get really, really high
too
and
I'm
I can't break right now as a student.
No, no it's not.
Thank
you. What is the most prolific has been really, really great. I just discovered this summer you also do mturk as well or
and
No, no,
no.
no,
I feel you so much like I got I got my first two rejections and I was like it's not even my fault and the guy even said well I needed this, I don't know how to reverse the rejection so I'll just pay you like I'd rather have the rejection removed, you know? And he's like I can't do that, I'm sorry and say mhm. Yeah.
yeah, I've tried to
live okay, I've only I've only gotten one qualify it for one thing and that's it, it's still frustrating.
he's not closing,
Yeah, I waste so much
time on foreigners, you know, it's just like why?
that's why
I like prolific
though, that's why it's pretty good.
Well
yeah I I've been trying something um I heard something called Schlesinger or like all my focus groups. I don't know I've heard but I haven't tried it out because paralympics been pretty good to me.
I like reddit, beer money that thread.
I think those are heard those can be kind of fun, you know just like you know you go and just like just get paid for your opinions basically just talking
what that sounds like fun
call
it.
Yeah, that's
why I noticed the
focus groups, they paid you like insane,
insanely like 50,000 bucks you know for two hours and like that it's really nice.
These are tax
though right I assume.
in case.
Yeah I'm wondering because I was talking about esoteric and there is I tried two days to grind really hard to enter. Can I think what they like 60 bucks one day and like 70 bucks every day, But it was just like not worth it like the time, you know? But have like everyone like $400 total different like random things. I'm just wondering, you know, don't pay taxes on that. Can I just like take
it?
I have not.
Evil maps like.
That's
that's so cool.
I think that's very
rewarding to honestly.
Boy.
It
that's
pretty good. That's really nice actually.
All right. Thank you. I'm looking to that because like also look into something because I also want to I wanted to volunteer more. But of course with coronavirus, it's kind of so I wanted to do something. I'm beautiful. So I was like, you know, I guess that kind of pairs both, you know, some side income and actually like helping people do everyone, I think.
Probably.
That
is,
that's
a hard man.
Do they have, I'm guessing no one has any idea when, you know, things will clear up. But is there like any,
what do you think do you predict? Thank you.
It moved.
Honestly though, Yeah.
Well, I think, I think I just saw like the cases just this spiking up like crazy, you know, there's no,
you know.
She said.
Yeah. That's what we, that's what we say. It's like you got, you made it all the way up here, you know?
thing
I know for I want for us. It's like it's like you can have the choice of all online, but you have to figure schedule around it. But I'm doing like hybrid where I have like I have six classes but five or online and one is in person because it's a lab. But I think masculine mandatory. But it's just I'm wondering, you know, what about those? How are you gonna be able to provide everyone? How are you gonna make sure that everyone has a mess whether people have like economic problems where you know, they can't afford certain things or they can't find it, You know? Like are you gonna give out mass like
They are gonna, they're gonna pass on
ask.
Really? That's awesome. I didn't know that.
But that's, that's awesome. But I didn't, I didn't know that they
provided a mass. It's really good. Then
they have to, I'm sure they have to because like, thank
you.
What makes us mad though is like Our university is increasing tuition by 12% this semester
and then our, our old president
left me and it's all the coronavirus thing and he decided to go to another school. So he was the one who his wife and his family. I'm very head corona. So we're just like, well, thanks for nothing.
Well, I like online classes.
It's nice. I'm just like, why are you charging more, you know?
it's ridiculous.
Well now.
it's really sad because, you know, there's a lot of businesses that were, you know, just starting up or, you know, going pretty decently for first years. I mean this hits was like, how do you, how do you prepare for something like this? You really,
nah, no way heck is
it?
Uh, it's funny you said that because um, you know, at the beginning of this, I mean, I'll make it like when the first few case vertically and we're like, oh, I was like talking about it. It's no big deal. Like, because you know, Ebola came to the US several years ago and it came right to Dallas and we were all panicked about
that. But it was like, it turned out to be nothing like it's fine. There will be nothing, you know, just like a and
jean.
He's, that, that sounds like it sounds like the
symptoms, but
What will happen Like he didn't re catch it again or it's like a lower chance
and
that's
it.
Well,
Perfect.
Perfect
madam.
I did, I did one of them. Anyone.
Yeah. That was one of the best things about damn it pays so much, You know, it's like a fun night organization. Really. Great.
No,
of course.
Thank
you. Terry
sir, appreciate
it.
And just cross to use drugs
and
thank you.
Bye.