Hi near me. Hi, how are you going?
Good. I guess we need to set a timer here. Hey, Google set a 25 minute timer that works. It is 25 minutes. Right.
All right, cool. Got it. I got my google timing for me.
How
are you?
Yeah, it doesn't matter. It can be anything
we want.
Teresa.
Hi
Jordan, nice to meet you.
I'm in florida like really close to Tampa. Yeah.
Um, it's on the east coast, right?
it is okay.
Yeah. Okay. A little bit. I
don't
travel
too much
fossil hunting. Yes.
That's so cool. Do you live in florida?
wow, that's really cool. My son, is he always fun? Yeah. Yeah, they, my parents have a boat, a sailboat. They live on the water and Palm harbor and there are always going out to the islands and he comes home with some random things. Sometimes sharp teeth and all sorts of wacky stuff.
We usually don't know what it is. We put
it in a pile. You
just found a coin today. He thinks it's really old. Maybe worth some money.
You
just have a
look.
I wouldn't know. I'm not a collector myself but I will have to look into it and see if it's worth anything. It looks pretty old.
Yeah. It's nice down here but it's so hot.
You know really hasn't been very rainy here this summer yet. I mean we're needing it like I'm surprised the last time our yard usually floods and the last time it rained we didn't even get any flooding at all. So this has been a wacky summer unfortunately
hot really soon and not enough rain. So but yeah, typically over the over the last few years its range so much and we're flooding. It's it's not so it's not so hot. But I don't know, they might be onto something with this whole climate change,
Where are you now?
Oh, you're you're covid were on
the street to winning, right?
It's
not passing. You have been to texas. It gets hot there. My uh my my son's father is actually from from texas. So we took a trip out there over a summer a few years and many years ago and I thought florida was hot. I got to texas. I'm like, wow.
Human.
I
know. I'm, yeah, I like to stay inside in the air conditioning.
we do. We're pretty close to him, but I'm not going anywhere near him. Yeah.
It's crazy. I mean we go out here and we have we have mandatory mask mandates now, but people aren't
listening.
It really does. Yeah. I think a lot of the, you know, a lot of it I can, you know, kind of try to try to put myself in their perspective, you know, the government first no masks, no masks. You know, we don't need them. So I guess I can understand the reluctance of some people to, you know, keep changing their story. But what does it hurt? I mean, you put something over your face and you can be maybe, maybe even if you're 1% more protected, what is that going to hurt?
I
mean,
if these people are protesting and I see so many people who are just, it's kind of kind of amusing to follow. I just
don't
understand the level of intelligence, I suppose.
No,
I'm
really not looking forward to seeing with the next couple of months springs, especially with schools opening back up
and
they're
not gonna they're probably not going to honor the unemployment and all the other benefits if they are required to go back they need to go back. A lot of these teachers are elderly. You know they have pre existing health conditions. It's do you want to risk your life for a job?
wow. Oh so you do know people who've got it?
I have a cousin who just got tested yesterday was the first person I personally know that there has actually been exposed to someone with it. She
went to uh we don't we don't know yet because the testing is backed up. It could take up to a week for her to find out. But she started she went last weekend. She went to a small get together with her boss. And I guess the son had been exposed to someone in the sun. Just tested positive after the party. So
she's very scared. She woke up, she's been really fatigued and she's got a little baby who's under a year old, but I'm sure the baby would be fine. Yeah,
I hope so too. But it's kind of one of those things I think we're, you know, as much as we try as much as we can do, I think we're eventually going to get the silly thing. Unfortunately we got to stay healthy. I thought,
I don't know if there's any fun. They're probably as fines. I really, I really have to try to stay away from the media and I go and read it. I read what I read, I followed the numbers, I read it, you know, I like to look at the facts and I don't want to hear what they're trying to push on us. You know, I have no idea what the fines are, but I hope there are fines. It's just stupid to not go out to go out and not protect yourself. So
I
know. But no, it's a hoax. It's the flu. Yeah. You see all these people with long term symptoms, neurological problems. One problems. Heart problems.
Thanks.
Thing.
I
know, but I did, I did read a report that they've determined that it's rather rare for an asymptomatic to spread. Well maybe it's a presymptomatic. It was one of the two but there's a big difference between asymptomatic and presymptomatic, but
I think I think it was focused on the pre symptomatic that it's not as common for them to spread even though they can, there's my dog, I
He's a Boston terrier.
He's
an old guy. He's 11.
He's about to mark at me. He's like, why can't I be in your lap right now? You should be in the bed, you should be hanging out. Not on your computer.
Fostering is an awesome idea. You know, they actually one of the best benefits to fostering. You don't have to pay for that expenses.
I
would like to, I have two dogs right now, so I'm not an option. This one's really jealous. Hi
Betty.
She's a half plug, half boston and she's a couple years older. She's playing over there. She's not too interested. She's actually completely blind. She had to have her eyes removed.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying about the vet expenses. Like that's the worst part about, I mean besides the fact that they die, You know,
the bad expenses are crazy. I've probably spent $15,000 on
that expenses over the last five years. Started
with that. It started with that dog. Her eyes got a genetic condition called lens relaxation. So we had her lenses removed with a 90% chance that they would be okay after that and she'll be able to see within a year one of her retinas detached. So we have to get that I removed. And then another year later her other I got glaucoma. So we had to have that I removed.
She's
Yeah. You know the vet really explained to me that you know, we could have had a fake I put in, it wasn't really any surgery we could do to help correct her vision at that point. And they said, well we can we can put a fake I in but that's really more for you for the humans and not for the dog that talks about the care that they look, they're missing and I, because dog just doesn't want to be in pain anymore. So, you know, we just decided what was best for the dog, you know what she looks like? She's got her eyes closed most of the time anyway.
Yeah. And this one had a night, this one had a scratch, we have to pay for a surgery to get a scratch repaired and he had a hernia. We have to pay for courteous. It's
crazy.
They
do
like, especially with you being in school, I'll show you, you know, student loans are not
pretty.
prolific. I'm a housewife. I don't really, I don't really, I was a programmer for 10 years.
I decided that I wanted to spend more time with my son. So I just quit my job. I said
enough.
I used to, but
I really find that, um, it's just, it's not as I don't really find I make as much money out of that. I mean, I know there are extensions and there's ways to optimize it but I find that I was just, I was spending so much time into trying to get the hits that really were up their qualifications And honestly I got, I got like one rejection that really left me sore. I
kind
of put it away after that, you know that that perfect 100% and it goes down and it's like what, I
can't do this.
I don't know, I mean it was, it was nice for a while but prolific. I mean the great thing about that is you can you get a spot and that's it. You got it. You don't have to go through all of the screeners. Oh I failed. I failed. I was doing, have you ever tried the user testing?
It
is better. I used to get them left and right, I don't know what happened like probably a year and a half ago I started doing those. I would get I would get like two or three a day. I have the qualifications that I'd be, I was making like 200, bucks a month maybe even more. I can't remember
it But I log in now and I go through 50 or so and I still haven't gotten a qualification. I quit. I said that's why am I wasting my time?
You
know, I really think somebody needs to design one of these sites that already store all of your qualification answers, you
know have
that
exactly. They need to do the same thing for like the user testing in the UI because there's just there's you know, I really
I kind of thought about building one of myself as a lot of work. I mean it's a great concept. It's a great way to make money you know but having to sit there and go through screeners all day and not making a penny. It's not really worth it.
I think I just signed up for a Hive mind where it had some focus group that saw that on Reddit and I applied for a couple of them but I didn't get accepted.
probably it was probably a beer money. Yeah but I don't I don't think I got accepted or I'm waiting. I don't really know I've done some in person focus groups. They were really great but that was like a year ago and I don't know if I do it now actually the place closed down so I couldn't be and they should have more online.
I did one where I got to taste test doughnuts. Yeah
that was awesome. And then I found one for my son. He got to go in and taste test juice. And
they
they paid really well. It was like 50 bucks an hour. It came out two or something
like
that
cash.
Yeah. Those are awesome. Great way to make some extra cash.
Well
it depends, you know if you make under a certain. I think I remember that when I had a W. Two I had to file because I also had a W. Two. Um last year I did not have a W. Two. Oh yes I did because I worked I worked with Ira for a little. No they there was a 10 99. Um I claim anyway it's
very very minimal. There's a threshold I believe to where you are actually taxed. I think I want to say it was like 600. So you're probably if you're doing it a lot you're probably making around probably making more than that.
file.
You should definitely to be safe. I mean you know do some research but I would to be safe especially if you have any other income. I always claim it and I always get money back. But then again I have a son that I claim is so I mean I I maybe less than 1000 and 10 99 income last year. I also work for Ira which is a really cool company. You ever heard of them?
They're great work from home opportunity. If you're good with navigation. Uh huh.
Yeah, heavily used on google maps. But basically it's a totally work from home and you get calls, you get calls from people who are blind or low vision and you just helped them with random, totally random tasks, whatever they need. There's like a phone app that you see through their phone and you're their eyes. It
was
really cool. It was a really cool job and um you can help them like navigate crossing street, getting from Point A to point B public transit computer, like picking up dog poop or they drop something, help me find it totally whatever whatever they need. And
I
it was and the was I had a problem with getting hours though. They I guess they did a big hiring spree and I was having trouble getting hours. But the reason I quit that is because I realized I really stink in navigation
like girl I try to get better but I just couldn't get better. So I felt bad. So I quit. But
it's I mean it's a great opportunity I really enjoyed, it was like 15 bucks an hour to
no,
no, our requirements either you could work one hour a week if you wanted or you could get 40 hours or so if you're looking for something, you can do very part time with a solid pay a ira. I record. Yeah.
You feel good about it. But yeah, that's kind of what, that's all the reason I want to quit my job. I wanted to do something that maybe you feel good and not just work program
for a company that I didn't really care for. But I I just recently started, we've worked to start a nonprofit. I think I'm good for a while Trying that we're trying to bring some money into for local kids theatre programs, which is a terrible time right now
to
do
that.
All of our theater, all of our shows are on hold right now. Of course. You know, we can't get together with more than 50 people that usually brings a crowd of like 200, so it's all on hold, but we'll get back to it.
I
don't know. I think that maybe, I mean I think that if we can get a vaccine things maybe. But then again, they say they ended that, you know, they might, it might not last that long.
I see a lot of people saying, you know, I've actually might only last for a little while. You have to get another one. It's really hard to say, you know, I think that as much as we try and we try to hope that it will go away. I think we're pretty much looking at her immunity at this point.
It's
insane.
I mean, I don't know how bad I see that texas like we are on par with texas and Arizona all doing the worst Already. I had the second highest, we had our highest like 11-11-500. I want to say last week we were right under that today at like 11-400 today. But today we just hit again. We got like over 100 deaths. So
they always the other saying oh florida's doing great, we've got no doubts. It's all the young people getting it. Yeah well guests are gonna lag but it's not going to get it and just die, they're gonna get it, they're going to try to go to the hospital, the hospitals are full, we can't go to the hospital, we gotta go home a couple weeks later they're dead. So the deaths are gonna lag. And our governor is just I don't know if he's just fighting his time. I don't know. I mean he's got to he went to Yale or Harvard, he can't be stupid.
I know. I know, but it's just the logic. I don't I don't know if he's just trying to avoid panic. He's just on trump's agenda and following him and you know, fighting his own tongue. I don't know, but I don't I don't know. It's really gonna be hard to say. I think a lot of it too is going to have to do with what they're going to do about schools. Kids are
not going to wear masks
and you are in florida now.
They're
doing it right now. I actually just went to this city council this morning. I grabbed a pack of five.
Only one I had before was when I when I went to the doctor's office for routine exam, I was wearing silly like cloth around my face. Like you want to ask. I'm like sure I've been putting in my car and like I figure a couple days sitting in a 120 degree is going to kill anything. So
I'm
sure that texas, if they're not already doing it somewhere they'll be following. They have to be,
if you're going
to require people to wear them, you have to have to not know. But there's a lot of people who can't afford them so. Oh
what?
I'm
my gosh. Well I gotta tell you I did um I want, I did in person school for the first couple of years with my a a and then I decided to go for an all online program. I tasted my complete straight A's through my bachelor's. So it's not bad.
Now,
that doesn't make any sense. It
should be less. I mean now should be the time. They should they should be encouraging people to go to school, especially with all these people paid off for businesses that are permanently closed. That you know that I know a lot of places or they give up, they just shut their doors. So
now they should be encouraging people to go back to school maybe learn some skills that might be nursing or things that might we might need in the future. So raising tuition doesn't seem like a smart move. You
can totally can you just can we stop and look back to a year ago and said if we can tell ourselves, but you know what we're going to be in a year from now, would we believe that
I still
wake up? It's like, is this a bad dream?
We
didn't know what a big spread super spreader was though. We didn't know it continues. It was yeah, it was in the States, in january. It's confirmed. I mean I suspect them that I had it in March or j no not March, february, beginning of february. I got terribly ill, had a fever for a week,
started getting better. Um was better for like a day and then I got worse. Lost my completely lost my taste, my sense of taste and smell for probably a week. So
I've
never had any lung problem but my lungs are really strong. I work out like five days 56 days a week. So it's hard to say it hits everybody different. So I'm hoping I had it but I'm not taking any chance.
They they say that I actually read something this morning saying that even though the antibody testing might be coming back negative for some people that have already had it. They say
your
body
might know
how to make them again. I don't really understand the science behind that google cancel. There's our timer. We
did it.
I don't think we had a pause in our conversation either. Did we? Have
you done one of these before?
Yeah, I did it once before to Yeah, I didn't think to mention that.
Well, thanks for hanging in there and it
was very nice chatting with you.
to
meet
you too.
Good
luck. Good luck with everything there. Stay safe. And I hope you do well in school and life can come back to as we used to know it sometime in the near future. But it's not my breath. Thank
you. All
right, well you enjoy your day.
All