heart pulling
Hi,
how are you doing today
equals
not too bad.
that is very true. Where are you?
Washington state. Okay,
I am in massachusetts. Some on
the other side of the country. Uh
huh.
I've only been, I have actually been to Washington state once uh like 20 years ago. It's there. My job, want to transfer me out. I spent three days and then they said no we don't want to transfer you. So that's my Very limited, I spent three days in Seattle. Hi,
feet right?
Which still are, yeah.
Yeah. Uh but that explains why you're saying about the weather since I know it rains all the time so
but
mhm
robert
you
do
have
you're
going
to have
thank you.
So Oh
yeah, we definitely get definitely get colder out here in fact. Oh Right. The week before Halloween cameras, a week before Halloween Day before Halloween we get 6" of snow. Oh
I was like man super early. Although last week it was 70° out so we're just kinda waiting for winter to start but it doesn't really appear I can't quite make
up.
wow that's pretty uh pretty
hefty
out
there.
Mhm.
What
is that better or worse?
I'm gonna I'm gonna try reloading because I can't I can't understand you, I can hear but I can't understand it. Mhm Mhm
Oh uh
a little bit but oh there it goes wow yes that's a lot better.
I don't like
okay I was gonna say this is actually the first time I've had issues, I think this is my third or fourth conversation, I've done this the first time I've actually had browser issues here so.
Mhm. Usually I have my partner doesn't show up issues, I look at the gray screen for 56 minutes. I'm like no that's fine. But
I have two Children who have been explicitly warned to be quiet, however it is difficult to like
oh plants on the table. I do have many plants on the
table.
I have.
I'm super excited about the orchid. I got it for my birthday in May and
I know there is super super hard to deal with and very fussy. But I went out I bought the special orchid soil, I bought the right fertilizer and I do have to new buds shoots coming off
so I'm super super excited.
What?
Our,
How do we know
over
fine? You're
Well I did. Um I bought the special fertilizer because I was actually surprised. Now I can't remember. I think it's the p the phosphorus number was much higher and much lower than I expected. It might have been that. But I
was
I was an odd ratio is like wow that's really unusual.
Okay
well
we just I keep I keep trying to I have I have a pitcher plant there like in a pen to one of the leading ones and that one I did last summer is like a little tiny plant garden thing and it cook off. It grew great. I've gotten like five or six other pictures. It's bigger, every planted it. And I keep trying to do a companion venus flytrap and I can't get that. I can get the fish but I can't get the venus flytrap. I'm up to my third one like it dies. So I buy another one like so I don't know why I keep one but not the other but that one.
one of the top speeds
here.
I do have an aquarium. I that
I'm not as a high tech on. I
buy the $10 for a dollar and when they die I buy more fish. I want to spend as much time.
If
Hold
I did know that because my my parents actually have a goldfish pond in their backyard wanted it to be like a koi
pond, but koya very don't want to live outside
over the winter, especially in New England. But goldfish will it's about 3.5 ft deep so it's deep enough that they can go to the bottom.
And yes, they definitely they school and you can walk, go around in groups and everything
like that. I got my fish tank for free when my sister moved and couldn't take it with her. So I figured I might as well have fish wasn't, but I don't know do you have any pets or plants or, and
But
it's funny, I tried plants for a long time and it wasn't actually until the pandemic because I started working from home. Now I'm okay with it because now I like not to take that much time, but I think it's because I walked by him every day and it's like, oh, I guess I should.
I'm with you on that. I just always figured
I can keep
the couple,
I'm
Absolutely would.
No. Yeah.
that's cool.
It would be nice though inside the house, you figure maybe you could get like, I don't know, purify the air, give you some oxygen. You'd like what? Actually
that
particularly.
Yes, we definitely well we definitely have a lot of outdoorsy and like that kind of, I just gotta say for a while when I was in my twenties I really wanted to do a like an earth shelter at home and there are a lot of those around here. I ended up nothing but for a long time I did but there are a lot of them around here. Like if you want to you know drive out and see this as a bed and breakfast. Yeah, it's a lot of cool stuff for. Mhm.
Can't see in the region.
No, that that definitely makes sense. I that would be really tough
though to make sure you got everything with. No. Oh
What?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah because it's it's funny. I did actually just um My house is from 1950 and It was renovated right before I bought it in 2003 so it's relatively new. But I did just have insulation all blown in for the first floor because original installation is 70 years old and I had all settled down. But I mean it was the, I don't know what they make it out, it looks like dust and I definitely all settled down into like the first foot or so so I just had them blow a whole lot
more and I can tell you the houses, I'm hoping it's going to be warmer. I mean winter isn't here yet but it's definitely quieter. Was the odd thing I found
like traffic drives by and whatever it's quieter.
Your
home
boasted.
That is kind of cool.
Yes, it's definitely, definitely a lot of those, I find it funny, there's not many houses like that around here, obviously do not know New England, you're concerned about heat and heating and whatever, but, but there are a few and they look they look amazing. I'm just, I just like shutter, I'm like, I can't ever imagine like I'm having the heat or cool it, it's like, I can't one, I can never visiting a friend in college and they still actually like had like the wood stove in the kitchen to heat the house
and I hated it, it's like two rooms for 90 degrees and the rest of the house is like, like, man, this is why we have like central heating, so you know, Uh huh,
Vegas ice,
I was just, yeah, I think
so, mhm Uh huh.
is that something you do for a living? Like are you an architect or a scientist
building
inspector?
How about psychological?
The
heat.
I awesome.
I was
gonna say
I kind of so what I did the same thing my degree when I studied in school, I did latin and ancient greek which you want to talk about difficult to find a job that's uh they're definitely not being your door down for that and I figured maybe I'll be a teacher and I didn't get bad school so I'm an estimator, I do pricing which has nothing
to
do with my degree. But I make that's
why when you're saying about polyethylene, I do flexible pack so all of the like carrot bags, lettuce bags for all the bars, everything
you get in the star. And you do have
to know a fair amount about like out of the millions of types of plastics. Which ones are good for water, which ones are good for oxygen, which ones are good for smith, like not that I'm a scientist, but you pick up enough stuff that like yeah, I got to know it's made out of this or it does this or you know whatever, so.
There's
there's actually a huge movement in like the water barrier type thing and actually agricultural stuff like when they're doing fields because there's been so many droughts to lay it down to cold water in so it doesn't evaporate out. There's actually been a whole ton of like researching new products and everything coming out for that which I know will need it, but I find that that's actually pretty cool.
right.
A chinese restaurant.
What?
Right. Um Some of them are like for big farms and you're right I'm sure I think it's more of like not evaporating I mean well I don't know I know to press is probably trying to keep some of the chemicals in but it's also because of course we have to be cheaper than mulch, I don't have to be easier to spread the mulch and it has to be more efficient. So
I think you end up seeing that and then the other thing too is that one cannot break down in the sun and it's going to you know it also has to hold up to all the fertilizers and pesticides, all
that,
I am I am the improv
when? Mhm.
I don't know. My experience. Most jobs I've gotten is I don't know once you can get the interview they really don't, they don't care about like your job experience. Like one thing I keep, uh I'm working from home is great for me, but my actual job is about an hour from my house and I'd rather not drive that far when I have to drive. So I keep looking for like I'm an estimator and most of the stuff that there's all construction and I keep thinking I was like man when the pandemic is over and this and this if I just jumped into construction, like I understand all of the concepts, I don't know anything about building. I don't know, I'm like I can learn, I'm pretty, I'm pretty good, I'm pretty good at learning 3 3 years ago I had a job that did um like crates. That's what they built was crate and that's what I was pricing. I had to learn all about different types of screws and what's the difference between two by four and a two by six and oh, costs more than pine and I can learn a lot but
you don't know.
He is
Mike takes me to like, hey, sweetie.
Yeah. I don't mind that. It's not like I need to be in my house 24 7. I just, you know, it's the long, it's the long drive that gets to make then. Plus
I mean I'm a single mom with two kids too. So a daycare on top of that makes it a it's
just tough
like when it was just me like before I get like whatever. I have no problem. All you know, I do all kinds of crazy thanks. But what? Mhm.
Mhm. I know. We've had time. I just looked at myself. What?
have never I've never had one not accept. Um
Or
like
say
I'm sorry. It didn't go long enough. I've never had any of that. I just listed my big thing has always been I show up and I watched the gray screen. Yeah.
That's
Thanks.
Thanks. But must.