book? Okay. Uh huh. Well well yeah yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah, wow. Right. Never yeah yeah. Uh huh That yeah yeah yeah mm. Mhm. Oh okay, correct. But mhm Mhm. Not yeah. Right. Oh. Mhm. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Fuck okay.
Hellos,
how's it going?
I'm
all right yourself.
Um whether here is not the best but but that's all right. Not many reasons to go out these days.
up in Washington
your name,
horrible.
Yeah. Uh
Yeah, I don't know a lot about massachusetts. Only been there once.
Uh Yeah I was uh I was sent to boston on a work trip for a conference
interesting place, feels like um
kind of Seattle ish. Not not exactly through flat. Yeah
doesn't get
as cold here though, which is nice. Um
My coworker, she was also sent to boston
the winner before me and I guess
she
didn't
know that
it
got
quite a bit colder there and ended up buying a down jacket
in the airport. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Okay. Mhm.
and
it uh yeah, I don't know. It's been um, we've been getting a lot of wind here. I don't know, maybe it's because I've been stuck inside, they've just been paying attention to the, to the meters more often or I used to go sailing quite a bit, so I feel like I would have a good idea uh quite a few days with winds over 40 mph, which is, it's kind of unusual. Um
I lost
your
audio.
I'm gonna reload the page mm
for some reason and I think it's
not just this app, but also,
I don't, I don't think it's going to be on your end. I think following, I usually just have to reload the page and your audio comes back. It happened.
Mm, mm hmm.
Is that any better?
Okay. Yeah, I don't know. I think it's just
for some reason, these browser based video chats. I think I've had issues with them on other services, not just this one. Um, but it seems like as soon as you reload the page fixes it.
Yeah. This is my 3rd 1.
You have some plant starts going on in the background there.
no. I was talking about, I was talking about the plants on the table.
I was
like,
nice, looks like an orchid and some other things.
Of course.
No.
Yeah. It's probably story they,
They recently, like within the last 10 years, they, people were always saying it's not possible to grow orchids anywhere other than florida or whatever. Um, and then somebody, some research scientist, just like, well let me test it and then they did some testing and they basically just
found out that the PK ratios um we're
that everybody was trying,
we're totally wrong.
So once I think that it got easier.
like
that.
Right. Um
Yeah,
that's cool.
they can be pretty finicky. Um
Looks like you also have an aquarium in the background
to That's pretty cool.
This is
what
A friend of mine, she in college, she found this aquarium for really cheap but it was quite large. I think it was like, I don't know how many gallons but it was like four
ft long or five ft long and like three ft off And like maybe two ft deep, so probably like 60 or 100 gallons is believed that. um and she just put like 30 goldfish in there. It was really it was really great because they do actually
school and I didn't know that about goldfish. Uh
well,
spell book.
They want.
But
right now. Uh I guess I have a couple of succulents that I've been kind of neglecting um Mhm. Then uh
kind of preoccupied working on mostly, hopefully get back into it at some point.
Yeah. Yeah, but it's a nice easy change of scenery too. Uh taking care of some plants for for a few minutes. I always uh I always see these pictures on the internet of these like walls of plants and it seems like a cool idea, but I also I'm not not so sure about having big old buckets of moisture right next to the wall. Uh
I've
got,
yeah, I've seen them in and it seems like when people do is they actually they put up like a polyethylene barrier on the wall. Uh But then it's like I kind of wonder if that affects the breathability of the wall in general, if it's a big enough area that they're covering. Um
they're not the breathability, but the vapor permeability of the law in general.
Um So I don't know, it just seems like basically if only like and grew much faster than we there.
somebody was looking into this, they were trying to figure out if they could use like and it's like a mold control product
because it um because it's really good at regulating moisture. But the problem is, you know, it only grows like one per year. Uh Oh, you never have enough like it to make a difference.
yeah, it's
like we're like an alternative mall covering sort of thing. Uh I don't know New England is an interesting place because it seems like that's where a lot of the building methods and things come out of at least for the U. S. Um I don't know if you're familiar with uh magazine or I guess there's no website called Fine Homebuilding. Um
Okay they have a pretty good podcast and they everything they talk about is really cool. But you can you can tell like everybody who works there lives in New England. Uh
it's probably not a super high priority right now but if you do have interest in it like if you look up apparently there's pretty easy ways to retrofit your existing home and make it quite a bit more energy efficient. I think they do cost money quite a bit of money, unfortunately, uh basically, but there's one thing that is actually kind of taking off, it's called Arrow barrier um and
I'm not sure about this, like I'm not sure how I feel about it, but in principle it sounds like a good idea. They basically mask off everything in your house that's not a wall uh or or roof and then they they missed it with this. Um it's not really paid, but it's kind of like paint. Um So so you take off the interior she evening first, and then and then you spray it inside the house while you uh pressurize the house, and then it infiltrates into all the gaps um up to like a quarter inch wide, and it seals up basically. It's a really convoluted way of applying an air sealing membrane. I make them
and
I don't know if they go for perfection, but it's like if you have a house that's already pretty drafty and you just want to get it down. They think it was something like If you if you have a pretty leaky house that goes through like 10 air changes per hour or something, you can get it down to like 123 pretty easily. Um That's a significant increase in comfort. Um But It is a pretty new thing, like within the last 10 years and they don't have a lot of for whatever reason, they don't have a lot of people doing it on existing homes, which is weird because that would be,
that seems like like the best application of their product compared to something you would put on when you're building the house. Mhm.
So I don't work for them or anything, I was just getting out on.
No.
for
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It makes a big difference. Um Yeah it should and if they blew it in dense enough to it should make a big
difference on air seen. Well
I mean not going to be as perfect as a
membrane or something like that but um uh dense pack installation does have a pretty significant impact on on air changes. Um Yeah. I don't know. I got into this Youtube home. I watched this guy named go Three Brick is I think how do you pronounce his last name? But it smelled like L. S. T. I. B. U. R. E. K. And he does this lecture. You can you can tell that it's like the same lecture he does almost everywhere. But he kind of modifies it a little bit and it's like the history of building science and insulation and things like that. And he's like so first we started with a bunch of rocks because they were you know uh although they were heavy they lasted and insulation not that great because they're pretty thermally conductive. So our value of like to and then we got to wood frame buildings and then we got the wood frame buildings with insulation. And then we got with the wood frame buildings with insulation and building paper. And then we got uh two more fancier windows. And then we got to double pane windows. And then we went through this phase where we were putting huge expanses of double pane windows on everything. At that time we got back to an r. value of two. So in 2000 years we have not improved the insulation value of buildings at all. I just thought it was really funny. Uh
um It's like you know, it's like you look at architecture magazines or something and you can tell like it seems like the first thing people go for when they're just drawing something on paper is big old walls of glass.
but
Hopefully it gets better though. I was reading up apparently about 40-50% of domestic energy use is heating and cooling of buildings. So it's a pretty easy relatively speaking like compared to like electric cars I think is a relatively easy thing to deploy
to improve and deploy rather
burden.
Yeah, we'll see. Hopefully those eggheads in New England, get everybody on their side. Uh
No, no, no I
am.
I wish I had had followed in my dad's footsteps, he's a civil engineer. Um And I was like, you know what don't really like working with my dad? Probably not going to go that route. So I studied uh I studied uh quantitative ecology instead, and then I discovered that
yeah, really hard to make a living even if you work for the federal government, it's really hard to make a living as a quantitative psychologist. Um
So
uh yeah, I I ended up we're getting uh marketing and software doing product training and
how
about
you?
What
what
what?
no.
interesting.
Right. It's kind of funny. Um You're I think actually your your field of knowledge would be if for some reason water control, weather resistant barriers becomes like a massive market for builders. I don't know if it will be. Uh I think I think basically a lot of the stuff is very similar to what you probably deal with all day
every day.
that's interesting. Um Yeah
I never thought that makes a lot of sense but I know I never thought about it.
I am surprised that well maybe yeah
I'm kind of wondering like how much of an improvement it is over just like things like mulch but maybe it's a different application.
No.
be
resistance to definitely yeah.
Uh Yeah I was actually hoping I was talking to some people online
to see if maybe if I was listening to that podcast and there was there was a person from a membrane company on and she was talking about how she started with a graphic design degree and now she works, it just comes. So I was like okay so maybe you know I could actually transition into that industry. I thought you kinda had to have you know construction or engineering experience to work in that area but it doesn't sound like it. Um
I think you would uh
I think you would definitely um because all the stuff you're talking about like oxygen permeability and and water resistance and stuff like that like at least for for building wraps, that's pretty much
that's everything like and UV resistance is another huge thing. So uh and also how well does it work with other chemicals? Is another because like some tapes will stick to some membranes and other tapes won't stick to other membranes and some fluid applied. Um sealers will, et cetera so all that kind of stuff. Um
Yeah I would and and according to this podcast I'm listening to um so they have like two different ones. They have one where they just like talk with the in house staff and they have another where they bring in a professional from an outside company. And according to the like a lot of the pro talk episodes I've listened to um pretty much every company is moving everything that they can online and and they say they're going to keep it that way even after the pandemic. So I think you'd be able to definitely work from home. Um If you can find more, you might have to visit like some job sites or something like that, but.
I feel you there are.
It's like
it's really
Yeah, it's um
cool. Um I'm going to make sure that I this is only like my third time, so I just want to make sure I do this right before we close it. Uh
Okay, so you
just
sit
next.
this is you
just hit next and then you give feedback on the call quality and then and then it starts to further, Okay. Sounds good. Okay, nice talking to you,
good luck with everything taken care of,