SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are
SPEAKER_R: You're the first person that actually worked on. I've done this like three times and it's always been no one. So
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: it's so
SPEAKER_L: need, well I'm glad it finally worked.
SPEAKER_R: I am too
SPEAKER_L: What's your name? My name is Bacon.
SPEAKER_R: Reagan. I'm Sean nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: I need to shot. How's your day bed?
SPEAKER_R: It's been uh not uncommonly kind of
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a day. Yeah, I'm skimming all these pictures for my younger brother of my mom passed about a year ago and I found out that I inherited her trailer. So I so my husband and I went down there saturday to look at it and we uh found a lot of teachers and stuff. So my brother lives in Wisconsin. I'm in Chicago and I thought I would just stand something for him and it's she was such a hoarder, it was so weird to all this stuff and and now I'm trying to go through it and trying to deal with what I want to do with everything which is
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm sure that's a lot to have to deal with. Like it's her stuff so you want to take care of it? I totally understand.
SPEAKER_R: well you know what it's hurt stuff but it's uh she was a hoarder so it's like a lot, you know it's none of that stuff seemed to be like a any value but you know but to her I think just throw away most of it or donate whatever is good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. Well I hope that you get all that worked out. It sounds like it might take a while.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Um Yeah it will and I just wanna I can't believe that you know living in a trailer park. I I I never visited her there because her and I were restrained but uh but it's so expensive, you pay for your trailer and then you're paying almost $1000 a month for the land that you're on.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Really? I didn't know.
SPEAKER_R: affordable but it's so not
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I thought that if I didn't even know that it was like that expensive, I thought that it was more affordable. I guess it seems like it would be.
SPEAKER_R: no it's uh it's creepy, it's really creepy. I I I felt like it was like everyone was watching us going to the park and it was like oh we're strangers here but.
SPEAKER_L: Has it, have you gotten more comfortable like the longer you live there?
SPEAKER_R: I've only been there once that this past saturday. So I am. I don't know. Maybe I will. Well
SPEAKER_L: just give us
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: some time.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: I am currently in college, so I go to college at Swansea University, it's in Tennessee, but I'm originally from Little Rock Arkansas Signal.
SPEAKER_R: I love Little Rock. I have done, I used to work at Arkansas rep. Yeah, so I did I did like seven or eight shows there school.
SPEAKER_L: the rep like the performing theater company. That's cool. I've been there a couple of times. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I did their christmas shows, so I did like joseph and uh we'll see you and I and uh hello dolly and some other jobs. But uh
SPEAKER_L: Well that's cool. You said you're in Chicago now though, right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I lived in Chicago and I always lived here. But uh but they hire um a stage manager so they hire stage managers from Chicago new york. So we when we did our job we make sure the rules are set. And uh yeah, I love I love little Rockets. So um I know you know that soon coming from Chicago, it was always like a vacation. It was quiet and I mean we live right downtown, so we could we we could walk from our apartment to wrap in like five minutes. So it
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: was always like clothes and downtown, Little rock is dead at night and
SPEAKER_L: I know we don't have anything to do at night.
SPEAKER_R: you know what I mean? I was like, okay, what, you know, you know, across the river there was a bar or two that we went to maybe. But uh there was a lot of catfish things there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's so funny. Like most people, when I say I'm from Little Rock Arkansas have no idea what that is because it's kind of like a, like a really small city, so like that's really cool that you know what it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, it's sort of, you know, they do, are they dead? Who knows what it's going to happen now. They didn't really great work there and uh like really important work and work that, you know, the little rock audience just, I don't know if they knew how lucky they were to see this work in Little Rock. His um you know, they have your, you know, new york actors and then they used little rock actors too. So they like blended this, this company together with, you know, all these people and uh and I always felt like, you know, they treated me like a king there, so I loved it, you know, it's like if I was like, oh I need a car, they got me a car.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you know, it was really nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I didn't even, I mean, I think I might have been like one or two shows with the breath, but I didn't know that all that work went into, like, I didn't know that they outsourced the people they were hiring like bringing someone in from Chicago seems like a really big deal. So that's
SPEAKER_R: you have one, Yeah. You know, the first time I went there, I was like, oh, I thought I was going to be in the sticks, you know, I'm like what is going to be, we're really horrible, but you know, I have time to, you know, I wouldn't want people, they're they're they're intelligent and and um they embraced our, our shows and I just loved it there.
SPEAKER_L: It's cool. Hey, I'm glad that you like my hometown. I've been in Chicago a few times too. I have some family that lives there and I love Chicago. I think it's like, I think new york is like really overrated. The Chicago is new york but like better.
SPEAKER_R: affordable. I feel like new york is uh you know, Chicago is an affordable new york. I am, yeah, but she's like, oh my God, I couldn't imagine like paying over $1000 for a studio that you could like touch the walls.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I know and it's just so crowded there like people are like packed together like sardines, you have more space in Chicago to like spread out a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: garbage, they put the garbage in the front of the buildings at night and it's it's really horrible. So what what what did you do in Chicago? What do you like about Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: Um Okay, so I visited when I was like in middle school maybe, but I really like getting to see my family. So we visited like the actual city part and like um I forget what the name of that like big tall building is like
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: was talking
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the Sears Tower
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: and john hand coffee visited both of those and like we were in the city for a while and we went and saw the bean and stuff. But I really like getting to see my aunt uncle because they lived in like a more residential areas. It was really quiet. I'm not sure exactly where they lived for. Like, I really like getting to spend time with them.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome issue.
SPEAKER_L: The pizza. I mean the Chicago
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: style pizza, like literally unbeatable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, something, there's this movie or not a netflix show called Emily in paris.
SPEAKER_L: Mm I haven't
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: heard of it.
SPEAKER_R: um she she trashes Chicago pizza and Chicago culture and I was like, I was so mad, I was I was watching this and I was like, no, no no no you can't do this,
SPEAKER_L: No way. Dude Chicago culture is like, I think it's so cool. Like the Chicago bears. I'm not even a big baseball fan to like, or not the bears. I'm sorry, the cups like I'm not a big baseball fan, but I love the logo and like the colors and I feel like it's also cooled.
SPEAKER_R: And I like the underdog story that they were like, they didn't win for over 100 years, the world series and they did it and
SPEAKER_L: And that's insane.
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: go,
SPEAKER_L: I don't even watch baseball, but like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: everybody
SPEAKER_R: know, I
SPEAKER_L: got that.
SPEAKER_R: don't. During that period I was like oh I'm a fan, you know I mean the whole city embraced the cubs and it was really kind of cool
SPEAKER_L: That is so cool. So
SPEAKER_R: so what do you make? Oh
SPEAKER_L: urination.
SPEAKER_R: my Yeah what is your major at?
SPEAKER_L: I am a politics and english double major. I want to go to law school. My dad went to law school and I look up to him a lot. He's a judge now. Uh, but I think I want to practice law. So
SPEAKER_R: My husband's a lawyer.
SPEAKER_L: really, that's what I want to do when your husband and married.
SPEAKER_R: Um We got married. Oh my god. Um Six years ago. Seven years ago.
SPEAKER_L: No. So it's been like, it's been a while. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we've been together this year. Will be 10 years.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's or kind of loss as you practice.
SPEAKER_R: uh Family law so like wills and trusts and divorces and.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well I always, I think like people have this perception of lawyers, like they're all like in court arguing and stuff and like that's not how they all are and turned at a law firm this summer. And like I was talking this lawyer and she was like, we don't all have to like go to court, like there's family law and there's real estate law, like there's all these different routes you can take, so that's why I'm really interested in it, it's I
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: think there's just so many different options.
SPEAKER_R: the one order has rude uh you know courtrooms for everybody because they uh you know trial last you know between the commercial breaks. It doesn't
SPEAKER_L: we are.
SPEAKER_R: you know you're like you know most most most most cases don't go to trial. They Yeah so it's like you know it's like you don't want to go to trial.
SPEAKER_L: No the whole point is to avoid going to trial. Yeah, so how long have you been a stage manager,
SPEAKER_R: Um Let's see, I got my Masters in 98. So since 1998 I've been a professional stage manager.
SPEAKER_L: wow. So you're like you are you brought like some years under your belt, your like a pro?
SPEAKER_R: I am a pro. Uh recently I've been working at the second city, it's a comedy theater in Chicago where uh Tina fey started and like
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye
SPEAKER_R: Terrell and steve Colbert
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's really
SPEAKER_R: and yeah because right now uh friends of mine are on saturday night live uh can 80 Bryant and chris read
SPEAKER_L: how?
SPEAKER_R: and uh strong, what's her first name is skating? They all worked at second city with me.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome, it's like big shot now.
SPEAKER_R: I know and you know and you know all these people I've managed now they're making you know, they make more money in one day that I made it a year sometimes worth
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: make it, yeah. Um where'd you get your Master's from? An undergrad?
SPEAKER_R: It's in school at east. Okay. It's so funny me and why I graduated so long ago I went to Yale. So I did
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome, you're like being really humble about it but that's so awesome.
SPEAKER_R: because I don't know, I feel like as long as you get an education it doesn't matter where you go, I mean more important to get that education so I'm not gonna judge someone who went to junior college or to, you know, you know see Truman College which is down the street from me or something where that doesn't have a name because they, you know what they went to college and I think it's so important.
SPEAKER_L: I totally agree. My sister just
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: graduated
SPEAKER_R: talking about
SPEAKER_L: from Princeton last year. Yeah. Really? It's such a beautiful campus but like I talked to her all the time because so I'm at Swanee and that's like a smaller liberal arts school and like it's so prestigious but it's like it's not Princeton but she's always talking me and she's like Reagan you're like having, you're getting the same like you're getting a really good education and like I was always super stressed out at Princeton, like that's what she would say and she's like I didn't be your experience because like you're not like you're stressed out all the time, like you're you're still having fun. Like I feel like like you said like getting an education is a really big deal wherever you get it from. And like I think we're all really privileged to even be able to go to college, you know?
SPEAKER_R: And then you know that shouldn't be that way. Everyone should be able to go to college. Everyone should, if you want to go to college you should be able to go to and not have ones, you have to pay for it for the rest of your life. It's so weird in this country where we're like just stuck, we're stuck in, you know, all these other countries are beating us because I am allowing people to get educated and uh yeah so
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: Out
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: of the many problems our country is facing.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: That's one of them.
SPEAKER_R: know and you know and it's going down compared to other problems that are rising which is Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's a lot to think about. I try not to think about it because it makes me stressed out
SPEAKER_R: So were you actually in classes, are you doing things remotely or how?
SPEAKER_L: want. Um Okay so they gave us the option to either study remotely so I could have stayed at home and then all of my classes online, but since I'm here um some of them are like zoom classes so their online and then like I think two of them meet in person, but even the ones that meet in person have online options. So like I couldn't go home at any time I wanted to and like just switch over to remote learning. But I wanted to test it out and just like be here and see my friends and stuff. And so it's been it's been good. I'm really glad to be able to be bad because I know a lot of colleges like either had outbreaks and got sent home, like didn't even give their students a chance to come back. So isn't
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: everybody well.
SPEAKER_R: I really seem to college experience shapes you it really, you know, I grew up so much during those four years and I just uh yeah, I just couldn't imagine growing up in front of the screen, you know, I don't think I would work as well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. Um Yeah, that's part of the reason that I came back and like, I guess it's good that they're making it accessible
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: for everyone by like having some of the classes be online. But like you said like you,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: this is an experience. It's like nothing else is like it like these four years and even like going to grad school, I feel like it's a bit different than being an undergrad. So like your four years of underground are like really
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: influential in shaping who you are. So.
SPEAKER_R: Last time to not be an adult, you know, you know, you know after you graduate you have to get that job and then you're stuck in, you know, you could be stuck in a job for a long time you don't like or you have to like you know do an extra in ship and do this and that and you know clerk or whatever, you know and you're not going, you know, you're you're it was further and further away, you know that heart and uh you know last time just say oh I screwed up darn, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely agree with you. Um Yeah, that's, I'm a junior in college right now, so I've got one more year and like I've been trying to kind of like use that mindset of like, this is like my last couple of years, like not being adult and not have responsibilities, but honestly it's been kind of hard with covid because like, I feel like I'm here, but I'm not really here and now we have all these rules and regulations and like I know it's to keep everyone safe. Like it's still pretty tough to kind of adjust all of that. So mm
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine the first year students what they're feeling because I have this, you know, doesn't have any of this experience really hard on them.
SPEAKER_L: it must be, I'm so grateful to have had my first two years. Like they like unencumbered by all of that. Like my sisters, I said, she graduated last year, so she was part of that class. They got like they're seeing in year cut short. So I would hate to be a junior. I mean not a junior, a senior right now or a freshman, but like, I don't know, it's just it's so much and I feel like it's really unprecedented for everyone. So we're all going through it together. So it's kind of nice in a way that like everyone kind of is going through the same thing.
SPEAKER_R: and but you know, but I feel like we're not all going through the same thing though, I think, I mean there's some people who who are deniers and they're you know they're super spreaders and you know there's uh there's this this guy, I think his name is trump who who all thinks that he's cured and he could do what he wants and he can make this, uh, you know, he said, you know, I'm here for the people know he's there for himself so he can get put in jail because it's going to go there once he, once his term is done.
SPEAKER_L: fingers crossed. I mean, hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, he, I mean, I just can't believe, you know, you know, he's like, well, you know, I've done more for the gays and the blacks and the Latinos and anyone else. You did, you made us worse, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're absolutely right. Oh my goodness. I mean I love politics measures so I sit around and listen to this stuff all day. Like it really it never gets old. Like I don't want it to get old. Like how incredibly disrespectful to the office of the presidency that he is. Like, I can't let myself get callous to it because if I do then like I think that kind of cheapens what he's doing and I think that's what almost happening. He's like, we're so used to like hearing all the crazy stuff that he says, it's almost starting to like be normalized. Like after remind myself this isn't normal, Like this isn't okay. This needs to be corrected. Like I'm my goodness, I'll get frustrated if I started talking about it, but like, so. Right.
SPEAKER_R: You know, being quarantined for a while in Chicago and all that. That's all my husband and I talked about with politics, politics, politics and it was like, you know, I learned more about politics that period than I ever wanted to learn. So you know, I mean at least I knew what the constitution uh yes man. Do you have a amazon prime
SPEAKER_L: I do have amazon prime.
SPEAKER_R: um on amazon time. There's this show called or it just came out on friday is called what the constitution needs to me. It's a one woman show. Well they have like a guy and then another but mostly a one woman show and she talked about the constitution and how she used to do competitions for scholarship money about the constitution. And it's really it made me cry. It really did. It was really because you know, it's um it's a it's not a perfect, it's not a perfect document and it's a breathing living document that we have to keep on thinking that it is. You need to like our president to know what it is instead of like being pulled an amendment that he keeps repeating over and over and over again, really not knowing what it means.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. We we talked a lot and like my politics classes about how the framers are like the founders of the constitution, Like they intentionally wrote it so that it was ambiguous so that it could change because like the american people change in society changes like the time as it should. And so like to have someone in office who just so blatantly disrespects that document is just really disheartening honestly. Um it's scary to me like the this is the state of our political system right now, but like, I don't know, I've been doing a lot of work with like the, uh, voter registration and stuff on my campus and I was doing some work with my mayor's office over the summer to try to increase the voter turnout. And so there is some hope there, I guess, but it's still really tough to watch, I think, and especially when we're so overly saturated with news and like, it's just always like, you're always hearing about it, you're always listening to it. Like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And things sneak by view because there's so much you know, you know trump is really good at that friday night uh sneak around to Du puy and I'm like I'm watching you trump.
SPEAKER_L: Well, you have to, it's it's good that people are, there's people like you that are vigilant and like people that are really like listening and understanding because like, you're right, like stuff definitely can't slip by, especially because there's so much of it. Like, honestly, if you don't have the privilege like to have the time I think to be politically engaged and like to listen. And like, we think this is a lot of people done, a lot of people are work a lot or they might have like a lot of kids to take care of. And so it's like some people just don't have the time or the privilege to be politically engaged I think, which is something we take advantage of sometimes for. Like it's really important to be paying attention because this is historical. Like we're going to have to tell our kids about this one day. Like we lived through this and it's going to be crazy to look back on but like you're totally right. It's important to be paying attention right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know how is on mail in voting going in Tennessee? Is that how you see it going? Well? Because you know there's I've heard news reports of like other places like pennsylvania in one place, they're rejecting 90% of these uh ballots because at the primary people checked, I want to be automatically uh enrolled monday when and asked for another ballot so that the flag them. So there's like just 90 percentile right now that I have to now go and vote in person because they screwed up.
SPEAKER_L: Well and I mean that's, wow, it's so frustrating. Like working with the working with, it's called Swanee votes the organization that I'm working with like learning all the ins and outs of voting. Like just help difficult. It is is really, it's frustrating because like, and then you look at like other like democratically progressive countries and like other like really any other like developed country and that's not politically correct state about like and any other like industrialized country I'll say like they're voting process is not this difficult and like the amount of voters especially I don't know if you read the um I think it was in California that people were like putting out fake ballot boxes and like let's like the amount of voters a question that's going on right now is so insane like so to answer your question, I'm not sure about Tennessee's meal and voting but for Arkansas I think that our for like my precinct it's going pretty well. I know that a lot of my friends like from George I think it was Georgia and texas but like they have this new requirement now where you have to have um
SPEAKER_R: when was
SPEAKER_L: yeah witness like sign your ballot and they were like we didn't even know this was like a requirement but I guess it like I guess we have to have someone like watch over our shoulder like find this now and like it's just it's insane and I'm hoping that people can still find a way to vote safely like have their vote counted but
SPEAKER_R: Why? I just don't you know it's so scary watching and but it shows how dedicated people when they're standing in line for hours
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: and hours to vote you and me, I mean I couldn't imagine doing that, you know I've never had to do that. I mailed and voted this year yes
SPEAKER_L: I think.
SPEAKER_R: and explained spirit and you get an email confirmation saying that they received it and it's accounted I mean it was so nice, it was like easy and Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I mean I give you some closure on it and I mean even with like with voting in person, I feel like this year we thought this idiot in office, it's like encouraging people to like go to the, go to precincts and intimidate voters. And so like even if you're not waiting in line for six hours like people are in Georgia right now like you might have like, people literally with a ar fifteen's out in front of like, well because that's what's happened before and like
SPEAKER_R: We know what happened in michigan when they stormed the capital with uh you know in and nothing was you know you know the the attorney general did nothing about that but you know you you you protest peacefully you can get air guns or something. You know, it's like so so I had to turn off facebook for now because I just can't I can't correct people anymore. And I'm because I will never make them change because they they're just implied bias. That happens with people where you like this candidate, you put all your put everything into this candidate or this party, you're blindsided by everything else because you don't you don't want that to be true.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it becomes part of like your identity and so it's like ingrained in our psyche. I think like the I think partisanship is like so intense right now. It's just hard. I mean it's hard people to be corrected about anything because like this human nature I think I just
SPEAKER_R: World.
SPEAKER_L: want to be right about stuff, but like with this it's more of a pride thing than a factual thing, which is really, really that is not good at all. People like will ignore
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: the facts just to be right, you know what I mean? Like
SPEAKER_R: right. And I couldn't I kept on ringing, show me the article. I'm like, I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: let me keep it.
SPEAKER_R: you want me to fact check for you didn't know before you put something out. Don't go well, I don't know if this is true or not and post this article, You don't do that because people are not going take care if it's true or not, they're going to read it and they're going to think it's true.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: frustrating, it's so frustrating to talk about. But I mean hopefully things get better next term, fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_R: I hope I really hope so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: think he's gonna think joe biden's got a good shot at winning. Um And
SPEAKER_R: I stayed
SPEAKER_L: what's at at this point like this? Because this is my first time voting. I turned thank you. I
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: just turned up, they should be able to go. And um what's sad is like for me it feels like less of a vote for biden than against trump if that makes sense. Like biden is not by any means my favorite candidate, like in the Democratic,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm
SPEAKER_L: I mean I like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren and like biden just feels like I'm settling almost. And so that's kind of sad to me that like my vote isn't even going towards something that's going against something you know that smells really negative. I don't know. And
SPEAKER_R: you have to share a way to change that in your mind sets because because you know, voting is so important. Voting is uh you know, I mean, I have friends who don't vote and they mean like why don't you go, well, you know, there you know, it's a democratic state anyway. So they're like but still you need to vote, this is our rights. You know, and uh you know, I mean, you know, people fought for this right to vote and uh and and you you have to do it. You really need to do it. And and I don't get indignant about many things, but if you don't vote, I will be on your case forever.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, Well I'm glad there's people like you and me that care about voting because the more people that care about voting, the more other people of them.
SPEAKER_R: I know and that more than things you know I don't care if you vote for trump as long as you voted you voted. You know I I really think that but please don't don't don't don't vote for him.
SPEAKER_L: Sweet. Don't
SPEAKER_R: We beg you.
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: It was really nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Who is the best time? I think you I I you know like I said I did this three times before and it was no one. So I got
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: like a dollar 50 for doing nothing.
SPEAKER_L: 9 $15 like that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I mean for prolific it was like yeah well we have a great rest of your semester
SPEAKER_L: You too. I wish you and your husband the best.
SPEAKER_R: and then you will change the world. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: you God has to talk to you
SPEAKER_R: The prize.