Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, how are
You
need, well I'm glad it finally worked.
What's your name? My name is Bacon.
I need to shot. How's your day bed?
What?
yeah, I'm sure that's a lot to have to deal with. Like it's her stuff so you want to take care of it? I totally understand.
Yeah, that makes sense. Well I hope that you get all that worked out. It sounds like it might take a while.
wow. Really? I didn't know.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I thought that if I didn't even know that it was like that expensive, I thought that it was more affordable. I guess it seems like it would be.
Has it, have you gotten more comfortable like the longer you live there?
just give us
some time.
I am currently in college, so I go to college at Swansea University, it's in Tennessee, but I'm originally from Little Rock Arkansas Signal.
the rep like the performing theater company. That's cool. I've been there a couple of times. That's awesome.
Well that's cool. You said you're in Chicago now though, right,
When?
I know we don't have anything to do at night.
Yeah, that's so funny. Like most people, when I say I'm from Little Rock Arkansas have no idea what that is because it's kind of like a, like a really small city, so like that's really cool that you know what it is.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, I didn't even, I mean, I think I might have been like one or two shows with the breath, but I didn't know that all that work went into, like, I didn't know that they outsourced the people they were hiring like bringing someone in from Chicago seems like a really big deal. So that's
It's cool. Hey, I'm glad that you like my hometown. I've been in Chicago a few times too. I have some family that lives there and I love Chicago. I think it's like, I think new york is like really overrated. The Chicago is new york but like better.
I know. I know and it's just so crowded there like people are like packed together like sardines, you have more space in Chicago to like spread out a little bit.
Um Okay, so I visited when I was like in middle school maybe, but I really like getting to see my family. So we visited like the actual city part and like um I forget what the name of that like big tall building is like
the
yeah, the Sears Tower
and john hand coffee visited both of those and like we were in the city for a while and we went and saw the bean and stuff. But I really like getting to see my aunt uncle because they lived in like a more residential areas. It was really quiet. I'm not sure exactly where they lived for. Like, I really like getting to spend time with them.
The pizza. I mean the Chicago
style pizza, like literally unbeatable.
Mm I haven't
heard of it.
No way. Dude Chicago culture is like, I think it's so cool. Like the Chicago bears. I'm not even a big baseball fan to like, or not the bears. I'm sorry, the cups like I'm not a big baseball fan, but I love the logo and like the colors and I feel like it's also cooled.
And that's insane.
Like
I don't even watch baseball, but like
everybody
got that.
That is so cool. So
urination.
I am a politics and english double major. I want to go to law school. My dad went to law school and I look up to him a lot. He's a judge now. Uh, but I think I want to practice law. So
really, that's what I want to do when your husband and married.
No. So it's been like, it's been a while. That's cool.
Oh, that's or kind of loss as you practice.
All right. Well I always, I think like people have this perception of lawyers, like they're all like in court arguing and stuff and like that's not how they all are and turned at a law firm this summer. And like I was talking this lawyer and she was like, we don't all have to like go to court, like there's family law and there's real estate law, like there's all these different routes you can take, so that's why I'm really interested in it, it's I
think there's just so many different options.
we are.
No the whole point is to avoid going to trial. Yeah, so how long have you been a stage manager,
wow. So you're like you are you brought like some years under your belt, your like a pro?
Goodbye
wow. That's really
how?
That's awesome, it's like big shot now.
we'll
make it, yeah. Um where'd you get your Master's from? An undergrad?
That's awesome, you're like being really humble about it but that's so awesome.
I totally agree. My sister just
graduated
from Princeton last year. Yeah. Really? It's such a beautiful campus but like I talked to her all the time because so I'm at Swanee and that's like a smaller liberal arts school and like it's so prestigious but it's like it's not Princeton but she's always talking me and she's like Reagan you're like having, you're getting the same like you're getting a really good education and like I was always super stressed out at Princeton, like that's what she would say and she's like I didn't be your experience because like you're not like you're stressed out all the time, like you're you're still having fun. Like I feel like like you said like getting an education is a really big deal wherever you get it from. And like I think we're all really privileged to even be able to go to college, you know?
Thanks.
Out
of the many problems our country is facing.
That's one of them.
It's a lot to think about. I try not to think about it because it makes me stressed out
want. Um Okay so they gave us the option to either study remotely so I could have stayed at home and then all of my classes online, but since I'm here um some of them are like zoom classes so their online and then like I think two of them meet in person, but even the ones that meet in person have online options. So like I couldn't go home at any time I wanted to and like just switch over to remote learning. But I wanted to test it out and just like be here and see my friends and stuff. And so it's been it's been good. I'm really glad to be able to be bad because I know a lot of colleges like either had outbreaks and got sent home, like didn't even give their students a chance to come back. So isn't
everybody well.
Yeah, I agree. Um Yeah, that's part of the reason that I came back and like, I guess it's good that they're making it accessible
for everyone by like having some of the classes be online. But like you said like you,
this is an experience. It's like nothing else is like it like these four years and even like going to grad school, I feel like it's a bit different than being an undergrad. So like your four years of underground are like really
influential in shaping who you are. So.
Absolutely agree with you. Um Yeah, that's, I'm a junior in college right now, so I've got one more year and like I've been trying to kind of like use that mindset of like, this is like my last couple of years, like not being adult and not have responsibilities, but honestly it's been kind of hard with covid because like, I feel like I'm here, but I'm not really here and now we have all these rules and regulations and like I know it's to keep everyone safe. Like it's still pretty tough to kind of adjust all of that. So mm
it must be, I'm so grateful to have had my first two years. Like they like unencumbered by all of that. Like my sisters, I said, she graduated last year, so she was part of that class. They got like they're seeing in year cut short. So I would hate to be a junior. I mean not a junior, a senior right now or a freshman, but like, I don't know, it's just it's so much and I feel like it's really unprecedented for everyone. So we're all going through it together. So it's kind of nice in a way that like everyone kind of is going through the same thing.
fingers crossed. I mean, hopefully.
Yeah, you're absolutely right. Oh my goodness. I mean I love politics measures so I sit around and listen to this stuff all day. Like it really it never gets old. Like I don't want it to get old. Like how incredibly disrespectful to the office of the presidency that he is. Like, I can't let myself get callous to it because if I do then like I think that kind of cheapens what he's doing and I think that's what almost happening. He's like, we're so used to like hearing all the crazy stuff that he says, it's almost starting to like be normalized. Like after remind myself this isn't normal, Like this isn't okay. This needs to be corrected. Like I'm my goodness, I'll get frustrated if I started talking about it, but like, so. Right.
I do have amazon prime.
Yeah. Yeah. We we talked a lot and like my politics classes about how the framers are like the founders of the constitution, Like they intentionally wrote it so that it was ambiguous so that it could change because like the american people change in society changes like the time as it should. And so like to have someone in office who just so blatantly disrespects that document is just really disheartening honestly. Um it's scary to me like the this is the state of our political system right now, but like, I don't know, I've been doing a lot of work with like the, uh, voter registration and stuff on my campus and I was doing some work with my mayor's office over the summer to try to increase the voter turnout. And so there is some hope there, I guess, but it's still really tough to watch, I think, and especially when we're so overly saturated with news and like, it's just always like, you're always hearing about it, you're always listening to it. Like. Yeah.
Well, you have to, it's it's good that people are, there's people like you that are vigilant and like people that are really like listening and understanding because like, you're right, like stuff definitely can't slip by, especially because there's so much of it. Like, honestly, if you don't have the privilege like to have the time I think to be politically engaged and like to listen. And like, we think this is a lot of people done, a lot of people are work a lot or they might have like a lot of kids to take care of. And so it's like some people just don't have the time or the privilege to be politically engaged I think, which is something we take advantage of sometimes for. Like it's really important to be paying attention because this is historical. Like we're going to have to tell our kids about this one day. Like we lived through this and it's going to be crazy to look back on but like you're totally right. It's important to be paying attention right now.
Well and I mean that's, wow, it's so frustrating. Like working with the working with, it's called Swanee votes the organization that I'm working with like learning all the ins and outs of voting. Like just help difficult. It is is really, it's frustrating because like, and then you look at like other like democratically progressive countries and like other like really any other like developed country and that's not politically correct state about like and any other like industrialized country I'll say like they're voting process is not this difficult and like the amount of voters especially I don't know if you read the um I think it was in California that people were like putting out fake ballot boxes and like let's like the amount of voters a question that's going on right now is so insane like so to answer your question, I'm not sure about Tennessee's meal and voting but for Arkansas I think that our for like my precinct it's going pretty well. I know that a lot of my friends like from George I think it was Georgia and texas but like they have this new requirement now where you have to have um
yeah witness like sign your ballot and they were like we didn't even know this was like a requirement but I guess it like I guess we have to have someone like watch over our shoulder like find this now and like it's just it's insane and I'm hoping that people can still find a way to vote safely like have their vote counted but
out.
I think.
I mean I give you some closure on it and I mean even with like with voting in person, I feel like this year we thought this idiot in office, it's like encouraging people to like go to the, go to precincts and intimidate voters. And so like even if you're not waiting in line for six hours like people are in Georgia right now like you might have like, people literally with a ar fifteen's out in front of like, well because that's what's happened before and like
Yeah, I mean it becomes part of like your identity and so it's like ingrained in our psyche. I think like the I think partisanship is like so intense right now. It's just hard. I mean it's hard people to be corrected about anything because like this human nature I think I just
want to be right about stuff, but like with this it's more of a pride thing than a factual thing, which is really, really that is not good at all. People like will ignore
the facts just to be right, you know what I mean? Like
let me keep it.
Yeah. Yeah, it's
frustrating, it's so frustrating to talk about. But I mean hopefully things get better next term, fingers crossed.
I
think he's gonna think joe biden's got a good shot at winning. Um And
what's at at this point like this? Because this is my first time voting. I turned thank you. I
just turned up, they should be able to go. And um what's sad is like for me it feels like less of a vote for biden than against trump if that makes sense. Like biden is not by any means my favorite candidate, like in the Democratic,
I mean I like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren and like biden just feels like I'm settling almost. And so that's kind of sad to me that like my vote isn't even going towards something that's going against something you know that smells really negative. I don't know. And
Hey, Well I'm glad there's people like you and me that care about voting because the more people that care about voting, the more other people of them.
Sweet. Don't
one.
It was really nice to talk to you.
no.
9 $15 like that's awesome.
You too. I wish you and your husband the best.
you God has to talk to you