Hello.
You're the first person that actually worked on. I've done this like three times and it's always been no one. So
it's so
I am too
Reagan. I'm Sean nice to meet you.
It's been uh not uncommonly kind of
a day. Yeah, I'm skimming all these pictures for my younger brother of my mom passed about a year ago and I found out that I inherited her trailer. So I so my husband and I went down there saturday to look at it and we uh found a lot of teachers and stuff. So my brother lives in Wisconsin. I'm in Chicago and I thought I would just stand something for him and it's she was such a hoarder, it was so weird to all this stuff and and now I'm trying to go through it and trying to deal with what I want to do with everything which is
well you know what it's hurt stuff but it's uh she was a hoarder so it's like a lot, you know it's none of that stuff seemed to be like a any value but you know but to her I think just throw away most of it or donate whatever is good.
Oh yeah. Um Yeah it will and I just wanna I can't believe that you know living in a trailer park. I I I never visited her there because her and I were restrained but uh but it's so expensive, you pay for your trailer and then you're paying almost $1000 a month for the land that you're on.
affordable but it's so not
no it's uh it's creepy, it's really creepy. I I I felt like it was like everyone was watching us going to the park and it was like oh we're strangers here but.
I've only been there once that this past saturday. So I am. I don't know. Maybe I will. Well
it's
yeah, where do you live?
I love Little Rock. I have done, I used to work at Arkansas rep. Yeah, so I did I did like seven or eight shows there school.
yeah, I did their christmas shows, so I did like joseph and uh we'll see you and I and uh hello dolly and some other jobs. But uh
yeah, I lived in Chicago and I always lived here. But uh but they hire um a stage manager so they hire stage managers from Chicago new york. So we when we did our job we make sure the rules are set. And uh yeah, I love I love little Rockets. So um I know you know that soon coming from Chicago, it was always like a vacation. It was quiet and I mean we live right downtown, so we could we we could walk from our apartment to wrap in like five minutes. So it
was always like clothes and downtown, Little rock is dead at night and
you know what I mean? I was like, okay, what, you know, you know, across the river there was a bar or two that we went to maybe. But uh there was a lot of catfish things there.
Yeah. You know, it's sort of, you know, they do, are they dead? Who knows what it's going to happen now. They didn't really great work there and uh like really important work and work that, you know, the little rock audience just, I don't know if they knew how lucky they were to see this work in Little Rock. His um you know, they have your, you know, new york actors and then they used little rock actors too. So they like blended this, this company together with, you know, all these people and uh and I always felt like, you know, they treated me like a king there, so I loved it, you know, it's like if I was like, oh I need a car, they got me a car.
Yeah, you know, it was really nice.
you have one, Yeah. You know, the first time I went there, I was like, oh, I thought I was going to be in the sticks, you know, I'm like what is going to be, we're really horrible, but you know, I have time to, you know, I wouldn't want people, they're they're they're intelligent and and um they embraced our, our shows and I just loved it there.
affordable. I feel like new york is uh you know, Chicago is an affordable new york. I am, yeah, but she's like, oh my God, I couldn't imagine like paying over $1000 for a studio that you could like touch the walls.
garbage, they put the garbage in the front of the buildings at night and it's it's really horrible. So what what what did you do in Chicago? What do you like about Chicago?
he
was talking
what?
That's awesome issue.
What?
Yeah, something, there's this movie or not a netflix show called Emily in paris.
She
um she she trashes Chicago pizza and Chicago culture and I was like, I was so mad, I was I was watching this and I was like, no, no no no you can't do this,
And I like the underdog story that they were like, they didn't win for over 100 years, the world series and they did it and
let's
go,
you
know, I
don't. During that period I was like oh I'm a fan, you know I mean the whole city embraced the cubs and it was really kind of cool
so what do you make? Oh
my Yeah what is your major at?
My husband's a lawyer.
Um We got married. Oh my god. Um Six years ago. Seven years ago.
Yeah we've been together this year. Will be 10 years.
uh Family law so like wills and trusts and divorces and.
well
the one order has rude uh you know courtrooms for everybody because they uh you know trial last you know between the commercial breaks. It doesn't
you know you're like you know most most most most cases don't go to trial. They Yeah so it's like you know it's like you don't want to go to trial.
Um Let's see, I got my Masters in 98. So since 1998 I've been a professional stage manager.
I am a pro. Uh recently I've been working at the second city, it's a comedy theater in Chicago where uh Tina fey started and like
Terrell and steve Colbert
and yeah because right now uh friends of mine are on saturday night live uh can 80 Bryant and chris read
and uh strong, what's her first name is skating? They all worked at second city with me.
I know and you know and you know all these people I've managed now they're making you know, they make more money in one day that I made it a year sometimes worth
it.
It's in school at east. Okay. It's so funny me and why I graduated so long ago I went to Yale. So I did
because I don't know, I feel like as long as you get an education it doesn't matter where you go, I mean more important to get that education so I'm not gonna judge someone who went to junior college or to, you know, you know see Truman College which is down the street from me or something where that doesn't have a name because they, you know what they went to college and I think it's so important.
you're
talking about
And then you know that shouldn't be that way. Everyone should be able to go to college. Everyone should, if you want to go to college you should be able to go to and not have ones, you have to pay for it for the rest of your life. It's so weird in this country where we're like just stuck, we're stuck in, you know, all these other countries are beating us because I am allowing people to get educated and uh yeah so
I don't
get
I
know and you know and it's going down compared to other problems that are rising which is Yeah.
So were you actually in classes, are you doing things remotely or how?
Great.
I really seem to college experience shapes you it really, you know, I grew up so much during those four years and I just uh yeah, I just couldn't imagine growing up in front of the screen, you know, I don't think I would work as well.
come on.
What?
huh.
Last time to not be an adult, you know, you know, you know after you graduate you have to get that job and then you're stuck in, you know, you could be stuck in a job for a long time you don't like or you have to like you know do an extra in ship and do this and that and you know clerk or whatever, you know and you're not going, you know, you're you're it was further and further away, you know that heart and uh you know last time just say oh I screwed up darn, you know,
I can't imagine the first year students what they're feeling because I have this, you know, doesn't have any of this experience really hard on them.
and but you know, but I feel like we're not all going through the same thing though, I think, I mean there's some people who who are deniers and they're you know they're super spreaders and you know there's uh there's this this guy, I think his name is trump who who all thinks that he's cured and he could do what he wants and he can make this, uh, you know, he said, you know, I'm here for the people know he's there for himself so he can get put in jail because it's going to go there once he, once his term is done.
Oh my God, he, I mean, I just can't believe, you know, you know, he's like, well, you know, I've done more for the gays and the blacks and the Latinos and anyone else. You did, you made us worse, you know?
You know, being quarantined for a while in Chicago and all that. That's all my husband and I talked about with politics, politics, politics and it was like, you know, I learned more about politics that period than I ever wanted to learn. So you know, I mean at least I knew what the constitution uh yes man. Do you have a amazon prime
um on amazon time. There's this show called or it just came out on friday is called what the constitution needs to me. It's a one woman show. Well they have like a guy and then another but mostly a one woman show and she talked about the constitution and how she used to do competitions for scholarship money about the constitution. And it's really it made me cry. It really did. It was really because you know, it's um it's a it's not a perfect, it's not a perfect document and it's a breathing living document that we have to keep on thinking that it is. You need to like our president to know what it is instead of like being pulled an amendment that he keeps repeating over and over and over again, really not knowing what it means.
And things sneak by view because there's so much you know, you know trump is really good at that friday night uh sneak around to Du puy and I'm like I'm watching you trump.
Yeah. You know how is on mail in voting going in Tennessee? Is that how you see it going? Well? Because you know there's I've heard news reports of like other places like pennsylvania in one place, they're rejecting 90% of these uh ballots because at the primary people checked, I want to be automatically uh enrolled monday when and asked for another ballot so that the flag them. So there's like just 90 percentile right now that I have to now go and vote in person because they screwed up.
when was
Why? I just don't you know it's so scary watching and but it shows how dedicated people when they're standing in line for hours
and hours to vote you and me, I mean I couldn't imagine doing that, you know I've never had to do that. I mailed and voted this year yes
and explained spirit and you get an email confirmation saying that they received it and it's accounted I mean it was so nice, it was like easy and Yeah
We know what happened in michigan when they stormed the capital with uh you know in and nothing was you know you know the the attorney general did nothing about that but you know you you you protest peacefully you can get air guns or something. You know, it's like so so I had to turn off facebook for now because I just can't I can't correct people anymore. And I'm because I will never make them change because they they're just implied bias. That happens with people where you like this candidate, you put all your put everything into this candidate or this party, you're blindsided by everything else because you don't you don't want that to be true.
World.
no,
right. And I couldn't I kept on ringing, show me the article. I'm like, I'm like,
you want me to fact check for you didn't know before you put something out. Don't go well, I don't know if this is true or not and post this article, You don't do that because people are not going take care if it's true or not, they're going to read it and they're going to think it's true.
You know,
I hope I really hope so. Yeah.
You know,
I stayed
what?
Oh, I'm
you have to share a way to change that in your mind sets because because you know, voting is so important. Voting is uh you know, I mean, I have friends who don't vote and they mean like why don't you go, well, you know, there you know, it's a democratic state anyway. So they're like but still you need to vote, this is our rights. You know, and uh you know, I mean, you know, people fought for this right to vote and uh and and you you have to do it. You really need to do it. And and I don't get indignant about many things, but if you don't vote, I will be on your case forever.
I know and that more than things you know I don't care if you vote for trump as long as you voted you voted. You know I I really think that but please don't don't don't don't vote for him.
We beg you.
Hi.
Who is the best time? I think you I I you know like I said I did this three times before and it was no one. So I got
like a dollar 50 for doing nothing.
I know. I mean for prolific it was like yeah well we have a great rest of your semester
and then you will change the world. Okay. Okay.
The prize.