SPEAKER_L: just happening. Yeah. Problem. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Morning. Okay. Morning. Mhm. You know here? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think about it. Okay. Mhm. You look over there, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Mhm. This one here, Yeah. Yeah, That's before. Mhm. Yes, that's right. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Nothing. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Because yeah, and you know, kind of Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. It's good. Yeah. Mm hmm. They did it. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Don't forget. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, You can imagine. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. And I want to mention, but I do think. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. All right. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. To the people. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: later, I was watching his finger because I was early, but like, when I was like, oh wait one,
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: to keep
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: this?
SPEAKER_L: around the time. Make sure we do 25 minutes. So my name is Tato.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm Melissa, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: I know Alyssa. So so what you're doing?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm chilling. Uh My brother came home from working on a summer camp, so I kind of have to stay home, we don't want to get anyone sick, but I live in florida, which is basically like the hell state right now, so we're doing great. Um we're having a great time.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: part of florida?
SPEAKER_R: from Orlando. Like central florida.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. How is that? I mean I know that certain parts of florida are doing worse with the coronavirus than other parts. I'm wondering what part is doing.
SPEAKER_R: it really just depends. Um I don't know the problem with florida is that there's just no like uniformity because like the governor doesn't know what he's doing. So like different
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: cities are like, okay, you have to wear a mask, but like the governor hasn't done anything. So like, I feel like in places like Jacksonville, because they moved the RNC over the Jacksonville specifically because there was no nothing in place. Um But like, I think Orlando started making like mask mandates like what? A month ago maybe, which was entirely too late. Like they did
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: and even then they intend to enforce it.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, I don't really think they tend to enforce it. It's just kind of like, I don't know, there's a way to do it. It's just the real place in Orlando that got hit the most was like the UCF area. Um But the thing with Orlando is just, it's so big and like so spread out that I live like an hour away. So you know, it's not really,
SPEAKER_L: Ready.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, yes, it's here, but like it's, I feel like easier to solve than maybe in other places. The biggest
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: thing here is the hurricane is coming. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't even see that yet.
SPEAKER_R: He was a hurricane. Yeah. East to east. I have not heard of that name before, but it's, it's a category one or has it been upgraded yet? Is a tropical storm, but a lot of people
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: thought it was going
SPEAKER_L: over
SPEAKER_R: to be
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: a kind of weird one. I don't know what's happening, but it's going to get here by like eight. But apparently it's like right off the coast so we aren't expected to get to.
SPEAKER_L: I can't remember the part where we go from 1-5 but for some reason I thought is
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: five,
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: five
SPEAKER_L: words
SPEAKER_R: of the Bat.
SPEAKER_L: the bad, the worst
SPEAKER_R: five
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: is a real bad.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Right. Yeah because so they can change. Yeah. So from my impression by the way I live in California, in the far northern part in the rural area. But my impression of the way de Santis kind of works there is that he is inclined just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: to do anything at all you know,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he's just,
SPEAKER_L: is the better.
SPEAKER_R: he's just a trunk and what can I say? Like he's just, he just doesn't, I don't and I don't know part of me is just, and it's even like, so my brother got back from the summer camp right? And literally the day he got back he got a chest because he needed to get tested. Like obviously because he was working with kids and literally like the day after he got tested, he had a fever and we were like, oh, so
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: we think he actually had the coronavirus, but
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: were all prepared to act like he had it anyway because like I live with my parents, but like they're pretty good about like social distancing everything. Um but that all started happening. Um and usually it takes like 5-7 days right for the results come back usually. And my brother had his ringer on and everything for friday because we were thinking, you know, friday because he got tested on saturday and they called him but he was in the other room from its phone. So by the time he got there he missed the call and then he left a message and then he left another message on saturday because they were open and he still doesn't know. So it's like, I mean we do have more resources because like trump's funding more resources for red states to get covid testing, but like at what cost Because we don't even know, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: on the one hand, will give you resources, on the other hand, you know, we won't do anything to stop it whatsoever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. It's like, what am I I don't know, man. It's been weird
SPEAKER_L: well, I mean, I've been trying to look at this from a kind of a rational, also
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: kind of sociological point of view, you know, I mean
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: fascinating.
SPEAKER_L: not not my profession, but I am interested in it. And what I'm sort of realizing as we go by is that it's like we couldn't, we might have a president in a different time who did what they were supposed to do and urged everybody to do the right thing and all that sort of thing. Instead we have a president who's basically saying, yeah, whatever live your lives as normal, you know, nothing's wrong, everything's fine and that sort of thing. And so it's like what that means is that people are sort of on their own about disciple whether they're going to do, you know what's right or not. And so that sort of tells us something about human nature, tells us about how people react in a situation where you know, you just get your
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: your life is just totally turned upside down. You know, it
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: affects everybody literally everybody. And you know, it's like my situation here for example, is that my job is I'm a therapist, uh the county in a rural county. And and
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah, I like it, it's really interesting and so and normally I work with kids that's sort of my population that I work with. And so um soon after it started, um I also mentioned that I have a few health conditions including diabetes and lung function issues that put me in the high risk category. So my my my work agreed to let me, once this started like in early april they let me work from home, which was great because I made them do something like that. Anyway, I wasn't about to keep going into
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: work on, but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I can do it, it's fine. I got a lot of my clients, you know, to do stuff on video, which you know, worked pretty well. But then around the june the county saying, hey, we're going to make you go back to work and I'm like, uh no.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And so since the beginning of july, what's been happening is that I've been on on leave time essentially. Um So because they finally said, no, you got to go back. I said, you know, I'm not going back and so I'm just using my accumulated leave time and they're trying my people at my office, they want to help me. They want to let me work
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: they,
SPEAKER_R: that, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: they value
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: me. But the people in the county higher ups in the county are like screw you, we're not letting anybody do
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: it in.
SPEAKER_R: you like a state therapist then?
SPEAKER_L: No, no county can I wish it was staying because I probably
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: treated
SPEAKER_R: you kidding me
SPEAKER_L: better.
SPEAKER_R: state there? You'd be like, all right. You're good. I'm
SPEAKER_L: And in fact
SPEAKER_R: fascinated
SPEAKER_L: in, in
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: like north.
SPEAKER_L: areas, in other areas of the country, in the more liberal areas, the bay Area, that sort of thing. They're like, oh yeah, work from home as long as you need, no problem. You know, it's like, no, we got to present everything is fine and it's no problem because the people that live here, um, they are like virus, virus, everything's fine, you know? And
SPEAKER_R: we're fine. We don't see anything. It's not real. Can't touch us.
SPEAKER_L: until
SPEAKER_R: It can't hurt you.
SPEAKER_L: somebody in my personal family gets really sick, I'm going to pretend it doesn't exist, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: Like why?
SPEAKER_L: you know. So anyway so the thing is that Newsome Gavin Newsom our governor has been doing what he can but he can't enforce anything, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've seen that too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's like you have a governor who doesn't want to do anything, I have a governor who wants
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: can't.
SPEAKER_L: do something but he still can't.
SPEAKER_R: And even though he can he gets like 10 conspiracy theories about him a day, it seems like anyway. But yeah, it's been wild. I've always been fascinated with like north California because like people around my age because like I just graduated college. So like a lot of people my age, like I'm going to go to L. A. I personally have never
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: really wanted to go. It just always seemed like I'm from Orlando. I get it. I got it. I know. Um but like I know there's a lot of people like in northern California who have very different lives and it's always been so fascinating to me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well so it's weird in California because in certain like I grew up in the san Francisco Bay area, okay there they call that northern California in the sense that it's not southern California, but where I live now is in like the far far north. It's like the last city on the interstate before you get to Oregon, you know, it's that far north and so and so it's you know just in the center of the state from you know like the east west area not the north south but where I grew up it was you know very liberal, very suburban you know and over time since I you know after I grew up um since and since then it just got all the more kind of gentrified and rich people started living there because they
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: grew
SPEAKER_R: whatever.
SPEAKER_L: up and everything like that. So it's really a different place from where I grew up where I live here. You know it's really just more like it's probably not a whole lot different from if you lived in Wyoming or something like that. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: California has lots of different areas, lots of different parts of it and different cultures wherever it is. L. A. Is very different from san Francisco. You know it's like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've always wanted to go, but I'm one of those people who like, I've been born and raised in florida have never seen snow. So like living up north scares me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I had never seen or lived in snow until I started you know working here and sometimes I have to travel to you know some other offices and I'm like but it's no there's no other ground I can't drive. People are all like yeah you know when you when it's saving when it's like you may know I don't. Oh
SPEAKER_R: it might be milder than like the midwest because you have like a coast so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well we're a couple 100 miles from the coast
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: where I. Yeah but yeah but yeah I know it does snow and especially in the hills that I live near but you know so it's not
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's not nothing
SPEAKER_R: you have elevation. What's
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: you know there is some elevation around here and in part of my job what I used to do is I used to if this is really weird it's an enormous county with only 40,000 people. And so part
SPEAKER_R: goodness
SPEAKER_L: of what we have to do sometimes is drive out like I used to drive out twice a week To a 1000 person community of 90 minutes away. And to get there you had to drive through some some modest hills but the elevation got to be like 5000 ft and you know so there would be snow and you know all that. So I got to have fun with that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have to get like special tires for your car? Like how do you even, wow.
SPEAKER_L: we drove we drove county cars. Yeah so
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: you drive a county car and before winter every year they changed them to the studded tires and you know, so that's all right. Yeah. So so you said you just graduated from college
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I did literally this spring. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what's your degree and
SPEAKER_R: Um, I double major, so I did history and international studies with a minor in spanish, which
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: means I can, I can speak like 1/5 grade level, but you know, I can kind of get it, but I want to go to grad school to get my degree in library sciences because I want to eventually be a library. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: you said the the devil major was history and international studies did you say? Uh
SPEAKER_R: it's essentially okay. So history was like my main thing, but like I knew I realized I was going to graduate early and I had a lot of financially, it's always like I don't really want to graduate early because like why? Because I know some people really, really want to graduate early and that's awesome, good for them, like I don't want to have to be an adult yet, like I don't want to have to grow up yet.
SPEAKER_L: Miss
SPEAKER_R: So like I think I'm progressing a little longer, but I
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: like it, I like that I did it.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: funny. So what what kind of, what specialization to the extent that there was one in his I mean is it like more modern or more you know older or western?
SPEAKER_R: So undergrad wise you have a lot of liberty as far as like what courses you want to take. Um And it really depends on faculty to like I had a professor who I knew a lot about like specifically chinese history, so like I took a lot of classes with, he was just awesome professor. Um and I kind of, the one that I really like um
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: want to know more about is I want to specialize more in latin american history because it's something that's not necessarily talked about a lot
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: and like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I learned a lot about it in college and I was like, I never knew about anything, you know, like I had no idea like a whole bunch of stuff. So um, american history has never been my forte. It's fine. I just I don't know, it just doesn't engage me I guess. I don't know. Um Also they skip over the good parts. Like excuse me, um you talked about abraham Lincoln? He's by no one told me that that that's part about abraham Lincoln. I don't know. It's like they specifically skip over the good parts of us Anyway, um, european history is okay, but like mm it's all right. But it's like okay, you know? Um But I guess the classes that I really, really liked was like
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: latin american history because I've never seen anything about it before and I was like this is all so new and so interesting and cool. So that was kind of what I gravitated towards to the end of underground and I think I finally figured out like that's kind of the specialty that I'm interested in. Um But there is a lot of liberty but it's definitely
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I think there's definitely a U. S. History bias. But I mean like it's to be sure
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. So I assume when you say latin american history you're talking about colonial times?
SPEAKER_R: um I personally prefer a little more modern
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So like 20th century wow.
SPEAKER_L: let's see okay right
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: like it's just a lot um I have done research on like colonialism and like um but I specifically did it on like Mexico. I didn't necessarily do it on like south America so
SPEAKER_L: Anyway I
SPEAKER_R: shit
SPEAKER_L: think of 20th century
SPEAKER_R: contribute.
SPEAKER_L: I think of people like like pinochet and Ortega and because I lived
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: through that you know, I'm older.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I did I did a research paper on the Like they disappeared people in Argentina from like 1983 or not like 75-83. So like I did some
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: research on that. Um But yeah it's I mean like I don't want to say it was cool but like it was cool to learn, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: right yeah terribly sad and tragic
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's a terrible thing that happened but like
SPEAKER_L: get it.
SPEAKER_R: good to learn about.
SPEAKER_L: It's funny because thinking about that about the 20th century part, there's a real, it seems to me there's a real connection to us history because America was much very much the colonial, you know, manipulator during those times.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: And so
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: you look at somebody like pinochet and you have to think, okay, so America put him in there and you know, why did they prefer him to end and you know and all that sort of stuff. You know, you've got to look at what, who was pulling the strings and what local forces went with them and what the local forces didn't and all that.
SPEAKER_R: and it's so funny too because like there were some dictators and stuff where they will uh This is specifically I was reading a little bit about africa and there was one particular person like leader in Africa I forgot the country but he he was trying to get us help for something and the U. S. Refused and then they were like okay well the USSR was going to give us money and then they're like your communist we have to kill you now. And it's like no you just you didn't give me money like so to me it's so funny because it's like at the drop of a hat it's like you know they don't help you like you're a communist like
SPEAKER_L: american foreign policy was very black and white during the cold
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: water
SPEAKER_R: very it's just like but
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: it's really enlightening too because like now I kind of understand and like it's to me it's been a very new revelation that like America has not been this way for a while. Like we didn't put in God we trust on our bills till the 50s. Like it's a very modern concept and it's so weird to me because like some people I know They think it's like ever since 1776 everyone's like believed in God and like and uniformly and everything and it's like wow such a modern invention. Right?
SPEAKER_L: And I wonder if you who grew up and you know, you just learned about that history versus someone like me who lived through at least part of it. It's like there's a certain attitude that goes with that period that may not be talked about in the history books, like the Cold War. And you might look at the Cold War and you think, well why did America do all that stuff? You know? Yeah, or shadow boxing with Russia. But what's really the point? But when you live through one thing that you know is that there were certain time periods where there was a real serious fear, that one move and everybody would blow up in, you know, nuclear
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mean november 2016 after the election? I feel like I lived through it. I get it now like I didn't get it at first but then trump got elected and I was like, oh I get it now. We could, I like with the whole north Korea thing happened and everyone got texts on their phones, I was like hot.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. And so there was a lot of that during that time period and the funny thing is also that when I was born, that was just like a couple of weeks after the Cuban missile crisis, you know, and so yeah, so my mom was like super pregnant with me and there's all this stuff going on and people think that everything is going to blow up. So there was this kind of this background, that whole situation that people tolerated America being this international desk, but basically because oh well we got to stop the Russians because we're afraid that they'll wipe us all out, you know, and there was this attitude and America, there's lots of what I think are really super, super bad things and there was this atmosphere during the time that sort of enabled it tolerated it whatever you want to say. And I think that's an interesting part of history where you look at the events, but you also have to understand the attitude, you know, I think that in 30 or 40 years people are going to read books and says, let's just say how in the world did America ever elect this clown? You know, there's a
SPEAKER_R: And it's it's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's all the stuff that goes into it that you know makes it, you can understand how it happened because you know, it's funny, I mean I've been following politics my whole life. You know the papers like I read the papers an hour a day, you know, that sort of and so
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you read like the physical newspapers still?
SPEAKER_L: uh no, no, not that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I was just curious
SPEAKER_L: I had to stop doing that for after a while. Yeah, but I I did for a long time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Because I'm one of those people who like I've never read print stuff, I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: don't even watch TV so I'm just curious as to what people are doing now that aren't like number 35.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well necessarily if you live in certain areas, I mean I don't think I could get the well the main paper I read is the new york Times and I don't get that here. If I wanted to, you know the look look paper is pretty useless and so you know, it would have to be something like that. But anyway, the thing is that when I would, you know, when I would read about all this stuff and I was just following it for a very long time, but you sort of start thinking, okay, so how is what's going on, you know what is, you know the the atmosphere that's being created right now. And one thing I realized over time is that part of what happened is that you know the Nafta was signed in like 94 I think it was five by clinton. And so that sent a lot of jobs to Mexico, World Trade, sent a lot of jobs to china and those other asian countries where they pay him a dollar an hour or less, you know, and so lots of americans lost their jobs and graduate manufacturing went away, which it used to be here and so you know that left a lot of people resentful and the Republican Party was pretty good at saying look over there, those guys are responsible, you know?
SPEAKER_R: They're very, very good at creating like a very single source narrative of just like, yeah, when in reality is just capitalism. But you know,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so there's there's so much that goes into it and I think it's really interesting to try to look at the whole background and understand how did this happen, why did it happen? People, they just go insane. They thought they were doing it for a reason and what's that reason? You know? So
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's very important to know. But like this has probably been the most productive conversation. I've most productive conversation I've had with someone over the age of 50. Thank you. It's been it's been like, I'm not trying to guess your age but like wow, this has been great.
SPEAKER_L: 57 yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like awesome. But yeah, it's just, it's hard to learn to because like you learn about it one way in school and then you learn about it another way and you're like, oh, so like for example in the eighties, like um, you learn about Things that happened in the 80s when you're a kid and then when you grow up you realize that like the president is like didn't do anything about AIDS for like a long time. and you were like, oh because like you didn't, that's the thing, it's like when you learn about family drama and it also suddenly clicks, it's like that where it's like you learn about stuff happened in the past, you're like oh that's why that happened. Oops. Um and it's hard for the night, I think for me the hardest centuries or the centuries where I was not centuries what I'm talking about decades where I was like either just born or like a kid to understand because like it's still very present, but like it's very hard to to understand because it's still the
SPEAKER_L: Everything,
SPEAKER_R: repercussions are still happening.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and also reminds me of something that I was just saying a minute ago, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: the background, the atmosphere of the times and like what you said about, you know, Reagan not doing anything about AIDS, you know, because
SPEAKER_R: X
SPEAKER_L: it's like again, I grew up in a time when it was kind of like I don't want to say it was like, you could people use all kinds of, you know, negative words and attitudes and so forth about, you know, gay people, that sort of thing. And it was just, I mean, it was it was kind of like if people started using slurs like that, it was kind of like, well yeah, that's rude, you know, it's not nice, but nobody thought anything of it, you know, it was really acceptable to say things like that, you know? And it was kind of widely accepted that Oh my God, you know, that's disgusting. And people, reasonable people don't do things like that. And there was that was the atmosphere and every, you know, 95% of all gays were closeted. And so then when I was in my twenties, I started living through this time when AIDS was going on and people started learning about it and a lot of people might went through this evolution where you got used to the fact that there are all these people and you know, what they're doing is not any different than anybody else is doing realistically, But but that was the atmosphere of that time. And so if again, for somebody your age, you might think, why would they not do anything about it? And it's like,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: completely get it. It's the narrative that was spread, it's like it's really easy when it happens to a marginalized community because then you can just be like, that's probably,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right, Right. Yeah. And I feel like something similar is happening with the the coronavirus too, because
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: it's a different marginalized communities. I think that you read that more of the cases are in latino communities, it has a negative effect on, you know, black communities and even the people, even people like me who are, you know, white male and you know, all that sort of thing. Still somebody like me, the people in my office for example, they might think, oh well, you know that's a minority of people that really feel like they have to hide out. They have to protect themselves, do something about it, you know? But that's not me, you know, I don't have to worry like they do it, it might be bad, but it's not like threatening or something like that. So there's all these different kinds of communities. If it's not you, if it's not you are the people that you live with or whatever then you know, it's just Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And so I feel like that's part of the the human nature, one of the challenges I think that we have is to
SPEAKER_R: I think that's a very us mood though. I think that's a very uniquely United States thing, especially when I was doing a little bit of research about how long it took to get seatbelts and helmets past as law, like oh my goodness, people were so against it for no reason.
SPEAKER_L: And it would be similar to masks right now, I can't
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Like there's precedent,
SPEAKER_L: tell me what to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is precedent for it. So I feel like it's a very uniquely and I always have to remind myself why did americans want to be separate from Britain because they didn't want to pay taxes. Our nation
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: is founded on not wanting to pay taxes. What did you think was gonna happen like? And it's just been a thing I don't Uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean and break down and right down the street from me there is a house which has two flags in front of it. One is the american flag and the other is that don't tread on me flag.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness, It's
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: wild.
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: It's wild. Well to me that's like a whole another brand because like, you have the confederate Republican people, but you also have to don't tread on me people, which oftentimes are libertarians, which are just republicans who like weed usually to me, I think because like, I think libertarians have tried to brand themselves as like, oh, you know, like we're not republicans, we don't hate people, like we just don't want taxes, and it's like, you're just Diet Republic. I don't I don't know. Anyway. Um It's Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well we should probably stop there. I think it's been 25 minutes now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, So nice to me. This has been so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I really here talking to you too. Yeah. It's nice that you know it's nice to meet young people who are interested and involved and you know.
SPEAKER_R: We're out there, we read sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right okay. Well very nice to meet you Alyssa. Thanks for talking to me.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much. Have a good rest your day.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Hi.