just happening. Yeah. Problem. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Morning. Okay. Morning. Mhm. You know here? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think about it. Okay. Mhm. You look over there, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Mhm. This one here, Yeah. Yeah, That's before. Mhm. Yes, that's right. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Nothing. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Because yeah, and you know, kind of Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. It's good. Yeah. Mm hmm. They did it. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Don't forget. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, You can imagine. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. And I want to mention, but I do think. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. All right. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. To the people. Okay. Mhm.
Hello?
I got
to keep
them
around the time. Make sure we do 25 minutes. So my name is Tato.
I know Alyssa. So so what you're doing?
What
part of florida?
Okay. How is that? I mean I know that certain parts of florida are doing worse with the coronavirus than other parts. I'm wondering what part is doing.
But
and
and even then they intend to enforce it.
Ready.
That
I didn't even see that yet.
Like
over
here.
I can't remember the part where we go from 1-5 but for some reason I thought is
five,
the
words
the bad, the worst
one.
Okay. Right. Yeah because so they can change. Yeah. So from my impression by the way I live in California, in the far northern part in the rural area. But my impression of the way de Santis kind of works there is that he is inclined just
not
to do anything at all you know,
is the better.
No,
this
is
on the one hand, will give you resources, on the other hand, you know, we won't do anything to stop it whatsoever.
well, I mean, I've been trying to look at this from a kind of a rational, also
kind of sociological point of view, you know, I mean
that's
not not my profession, but I am interested in it. And what I'm sort of realizing as we go by is that it's like we couldn't, we might have a president in a different time who did what they were supposed to do and urged everybody to do the right thing and all that sort of thing. Instead we have a president who's basically saying, yeah, whatever live your lives as normal, you know, nothing's wrong, everything's fine and that sort of thing. And so it's like what that means is that people are sort of on their own about disciple whether they're going to do, you know what's right or not. And so that sort of tells us something about human nature, tells us about how people react in a situation where you know, you just get your
your life is just totally turned upside down. You know, it
affects everybody literally everybody. And you know, it's like my situation here for example, is that my job is I'm a therapist, uh the county in a rural county. And and
so yeah, I like it, it's really interesting and so and normally I work with kids that's sort of my population that I work with. And so um soon after it started, um I also mentioned that I have a few health conditions including diabetes and lung function issues that put me in the high risk category. So my my my work agreed to let me, once this started like in early april they let me work from home, which was great because I made them do something like that. Anyway, I wasn't about to keep going into
work on, but
I can do it, it's fine. I got a lot of my clients, you know, to do stuff on video, which you know, worked pretty well. But then around the june the county saying, hey, we're going to make you go back to work and I'm like, uh no.
And so since the beginning of july, what's been happening is that I've been on on leave time essentially. Um So because they finally said, no, you got to go back. I said, you know, I'm not going back and so I'm just using my accumulated leave time and they're trying my people at my office, they want to help me. They want to let me work
because
they,
they value
me. But the people in the county higher ups in the county are like screw you, we're not letting anybody do
it in.
No, no county can I wish it was staying because I probably
treated
better.
And in fact
in, in
other
areas, in other areas of the country, in the more liberal areas, the bay Area, that sort of thing. They're like, oh yeah, work from home as long as you need, no problem. You know, it's like, no, we got to present everything is fine and it's no problem because the people that live here, um, they are like virus, virus, everything's fine, you know? And
until
somebody in my personal family gets really sick, I'm going to pretend it doesn't exist, you know? So
you know. So anyway so the thing is that Newsome Gavin Newsom our governor has been doing what he can but he can't enforce anything, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. So it's like you have a governor who doesn't want to do anything, I have a governor who wants
to
do something but he still can't.
I remember
Well so it's weird in California because in certain like I grew up in the san Francisco Bay area, okay there they call that northern California in the sense that it's not southern California, but where I live now is in like the far far north. It's like the last city on the interstate before you get to Oregon, you know, it's that far north and so and so it's you know just in the center of the state from you know like the east west area not the north south but where I grew up it was you know very liberal, very suburban you know and over time since I you know after I grew up um since and since then it just got all the more kind of gentrified and rich people started living there because they
grew
up and everything like that. So it's really a different place from where I grew up where I live here. You know it's really just more like it's probably not a whole lot different from if you lived in Wyoming or something like that. Yeah
California has lots of different areas, lots of different parts of it and different cultures wherever it is. L. A. Is very different from san Francisco. You know it's like that.
Yeah. Yeah I had never seen or lived in snow until I started you know working here and sometimes I have to travel to you know some other offices and I'm like but it's no there's no other ground I can't drive. People are all like yeah you know when you when it's saving when it's like you may know I don't. Oh
Yeah well we're a couple 100 miles from the coast
where I. Yeah but yeah but yeah I know it does snow and especially in the hills that I live near but you know so it's not
it's not nothing
There
you know there is some elevation around here and in part of my job what I used to do is I used to if this is really weird it's an enormous county with only 40,000 people. And so part
of what we have to do sometimes is drive out like I used to drive out twice a week To a 1000 person community of 90 minutes away. And to get there you had to drive through some some modest hills but the elevation got to be like 5000 ft and you know so there would be snow and you know all that. So I got to have fun with that. Yeah.
we drove we drove county cars. Yeah so
you drive a county car and before winter every year they changed them to the studded tires and you know, so that's all right. Yeah. So so you said you just graduated from college
what's your degree and
the
you said the the devil major was history and international studies did you say? Uh
Miss
please.
That's
funny. So what what kind of, what specialization to the extent that there was one in his I mean is it like more modern or more you know older or western?
I think
that
No
that's
Crazy.
thank you.
that makes sense. So I assume when you say latin american history you're talking about colonial times?
No.
let's see okay right
now
Anyway I
think of 20th century
I think of people like like pinochet and Ortega and because I lived
through that you know, I'm older.
Hey
right yeah terribly sad and tragic
get it.
It's funny because thinking about that about the 20th century part, there's a real, it seems to me there's a real connection to us history because America was much very much the colonial, you know, manipulator during those times.
And so
you look at somebody like pinochet and you have to think, okay, so America put him in there and you know, why did they prefer him to end and you know and all that sort of stuff. You know, you've got to look at what, who was pulling the strings and what local forces went with them and what the local forces didn't and all that.
american foreign policy was very black and white during the cold
water
if
And I wonder if you who grew up and you know, you just learned about that history versus someone like me who lived through at least part of it. It's like there's a certain attitude that goes with that period that may not be talked about in the history books, like the Cold War. And you might look at the Cold War and you think, well why did America do all that stuff? You know? Yeah, or shadow boxing with Russia. But what's really the point? But when you live through one thing that you know is that there were certain time periods where there was a real serious fear, that one move and everybody would blow up in, you know, nuclear
and
I
exactly. And so there was a lot of that during that time period and the funny thing is also that when I was born, that was just like a couple of weeks after the Cuban missile crisis, you know, and so yeah, so my mom was like super pregnant with me and there's all this stuff going on and people think that everything is going to blow up. So there was this kind of this background, that whole situation that people tolerated America being this international desk, but basically because oh well we got to stop the Russians because we're afraid that they'll wipe us all out, you know, and there was this attitude and America, there's lots of what I think are really super, super bad things and there was this atmosphere during the time that sort of enabled it tolerated it whatever you want to say. And I think that's an interesting part of history where you look at the events, but you also have to understand the attitude, you know, I think that in 30 or 40 years people are going to read books and says, let's just say how in the world did America ever elect this clown? You know, there's a
yeah, there's all the stuff that goes into it that you know makes it, you can understand how it happened because you know, it's funny, I mean I've been following politics my whole life. You know the papers like I read the papers an hour a day, you know, that sort of and so
I
uh no, no, not that. Yeah,
I had to stop doing that for after a while. Yeah, but I I did for a long time. Yeah.
All
Right. Well necessarily if you live in certain areas, I mean I don't think I could get the well the main paper I read is the new york Times and I don't get that here. If I wanted to, you know the look look paper is pretty useless and so you know, it would have to be something like that. But anyway, the thing is that when I would, you know, when I would read about all this stuff and I was just following it for a very long time, but you sort of start thinking, okay, so how is what's going on, you know what is, you know the the atmosphere that's being created right now. And one thing I realized over time is that part of what happened is that you know the Nafta was signed in like 94 I think it was five by clinton. And so that sent a lot of jobs to Mexico, World Trade, sent a lot of jobs to china and those other asian countries where they pay him a dollar an hour or less, you know, and so lots of americans lost their jobs and graduate manufacturing went away, which it used to be here and so you know that left a lot of people resentful and the Republican Party was pretty good at saying look over there, those guys are responsible, you know?
yeah, so there's there's so much that goes into it and I think it's really interesting to try to look at the whole background and understand how did this happen, why did it happen? People, they just go insane. They thought they were doing it for a reason and what's that reason? You know? So
57 yeah,
Everything,
yeah, and also reminds me of something that I was just saying a minute ago, it's like
the background, the atmosphere of the times and like what you said about, you know, Reagan not doing anything about AIDS, you know, because
it's like again, I grew up in a time when it was kind of like I don't want to say it was like, you could people use all kinds of, you know, negative words and attitudes and so forth about, you know, gay people, that sort of thing. And it was just, I mean, it was it was kind of like if people started using slurs like that, it was kind of like, well yeah, that's rude, you know, it's not nice, but nobody thought anything of it, you know, it was really acceptable to say things like that, you know? And it was kind of widely accepted that Oh my God, you know, that's disgusting. And people, reasonable people don't do things like that. And there was that was the atmosphere and every, you know, 95% of all gays were closeted. And so then when I was in my twenties, I started living through this time when AIDS was going on and people started learning about it and a lot of people might went through this evolution where you got used to the fact that there are all these people and you know, what they're doing is not any different than anybody else is doing realistically, But but that was the atmosphere of that time. And so if again, for somebody your age, you might think, why would they not do anything about it? And it's like,
well,
Right. Right, Right. Yeah. And I feel like something similar is happening with the the coronavirus too, because
it's a different marginalized communities. I think that you read that more of the cases are in latino communities, it has a negative effect on, you know, black communities and even the people, even people like me who are, you know, white male and you know, all that sort of thing. Still somebody like me, the people in my office for example, they might think, oh well, you know that's a minority of people that really feel like they have to hide out. They have to protect themselves, do something about it, you know? But that's not me, you know, I don't have to worry like they do it, it might be bad, but it's not like threatening or something like that. So there's all these different kinds of communities. If it's not you, if it's not you are the people that you live with or whatever then you know, it's just Yeah.
Yeah. And so I feel like that's part of the the human nature, one of the challenges I think that we have is to
And it would be similar to masks right now, I can't
tell me what to do. Yeah.
And
I mean and break down and right down the street from me there is a house which has two flags in front of it. One is the american flag and the other is that don't tread on me flag.
I know.
I know.
Well we should probably stop there. I think it's been 25 minutes now.
Yeah I really here talking to you too. Yeah. It's nice that you know it's nice to meet young people who are interested and involved and you know.
Right. Right okay. Well very nice to meet you Alyssa. Thanks for talking to me.
You too. Okay