Hi
later, I was watching his finger because I was early, but like, when I was like, oh wait one,
where
is
this?
Hi, I'm Melissa, nice to meet you.
Um I'm chilling. Uh My brother came home from working on a summer camp, so I kind of have to stay home, we don't want to get anyone sick, but I live in florida, which is basically like the hell state right now, so we're doing great. Um we're having a great time.
I'm
from Orlando. Like central florida.
it really just depends. Um I don't know the problem with florida is that there's just no like uniformity because like the governor doesn't know what he's doing. So like different
cities are like, okay, you have to wear a mask, but like the governor hasn't done anything. So like, I feel like in places like Jacksonville, because they moved the RNC over the Jacksonville specifically because there was no nothing in place. Um But like, I think Orlando started making like mask mandates like what? A month ago maybe, which was entirely too late. Like they did
it.
like, yeah, I don't really think they tend to enforce it. It's just kind of like, I don't know, there's a way to do it. It's just the real place in Orlando that got hit the most was like the UCF area. Um But the thing with Orlando is just, it's so big and like so spread out that I live like an hour away. So you know, it's not really,
I mean, yes, it's here, but like it's, I feel like easier to solve than maybe in other places. The biggest
thing here is the hurricane is coming. Okay.
He was a hurricane. Yeah. East to east. I have not heard of that name before, but it's, it's a category one or has it been upgraded yet? Is a tropical storm, but a lot of people
thought it was going
to be
a kind of weird one. I don't know what's happening, but it's going to get here by like eight. But apparently it's like right off the coast so we aren't expected to get to.
It's
not
five
of the Bat.
five
is a real bad.
I
think,
yeah, he's just,
he's just a trunk and what can I say? Like he's just, he just doesn't, I don't and I don't know part of me is just, and it's even like, so my brother got back from the summer camp right? And literally the day he got back he got a chest because he needed to get tested. Like obviously because he was working with kids and literally like the day after he got tested, he had a fever and we were like, oh, so
we think he actually had the coronavirus, but
we
were all prepared to act like he had it anyway because like I live with my parents, but like they're pretty good about like social distancing everything. Um but that all started happening. Um and usually it takes like 5-7 days right for the results come back usually. And my brother had his ringer on and everything for friday because we were thinking, you know, friday because he got tested on saturday and they called him but he was in the other room from its phone. So by the time he got there he missed the call and then he left a message and then he left another message on saturday because they were open and he still doesn't know. So it's like, I mean we do have more resources because like trump's funding more resources for red states to get covid testing, but like at what cost Because we don't even know, you know? So
Yeah. Right. It's like, what am I I don't know, man. It's been weird
of
it's
fascinating.
All
that's true.
That's awesome.
No.
No.
No.
It's
always
that, isn't it?
It's
are
you like a state therapist then?
Are
you kidding me
state there? You'd be like, all right. You're good. I'm
fascinated
about
like north.
we're fine. We don't see anything. It's not real. Can't touch us.
It can't hurt you.
Like why?
Yeah,
I've seen that too.
You
can't.
And even though he can he gets like 10 conspiracy theories about him a day, it seems like anyway. But yeah, it's been wild. I've always been fascinated with like north California because like people around my age because like I just graduated college. So like a lot of people my age, like I'm going to go to L. A. I personally have never
really wanted to go. It just always seemed like I'm from Orlando. I get it. I got it. I know. Um but like I know there's a lot of people like in northern California who have very different lives and it's always been so fascinating to me. Yeah.
that's
whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah. I've always wanted to go, but I'm one of those people who like, I've been born and raised in florida have never seen snow. So like living up north scares me.
it might be milder than like the midwest because you have like a coast so
well.
Well
you have elevation. What's
that?
goodness
Do you have to get like special tires for your car? Like how do you even, wow.
Oh.
Yeah. I did literally this spring. Yeah.
Um, I double major, so I did history and international studies with a minor in spanish, which
means I can, I can speak like 1/5 grade level, but you know, I can kind of get it, but I want to go to grad school to get my degree in library sciences because I want to eventually be a library. Okay.
it's essentially okay. So history was like my main thing, but like I knew I realized I was going to graduate early and I had a lot of financially, it's always like I don't really want to graduate early because like why? Because I know some people really, really want to graduate early and that's awesome, good for them, like I don't want to have to be an adult yet, like I don't want to have to grow up yet.
So like I think I'm progressing a little longer, but I
like it, I like that I did it.
That's
So undergrad wise you have a lot of liberty as far as like what courses you want to take. Um And it really depends on faculty to like I had a professor who I knew a lot about like specifically chinese history, so like I took a lot of classes with, he was just awesome professor. Um and I kind of, the one that I really like um
and I
want to know more about is I want to specialize more in latin american history because it's something that's not necessarily talked about a lot
and like
I learned a lot about it in college and I was like, I never knew about anything, you know, like I had no idea like a whole bunch of stuff. So um, american history has never been my forte. It's fine. I just I don't know, it just doesn't engage me I guess. I don't know. Um Also they skip over the good parts. Like excuse me, um you talked about abraham Lincoln? He's by no one told me that that that's part about abraham Lincoln. I don't know. It's like they specifically skip over the good parts of us Anyway, um, european history is okay, but like mm it's all right. But it's like okay, you know? Um But I guess the classes that I really, really liked was like
latin american history because I've never seen anything about it before and I was like this is all so new and so interesting and cool. So that was kind of what I gravitated towards to the end of underground and I think I finally figured out like that's kind of the specialty that I'm interested in. Um But there is a lot of liberty but it's definitely
I think there's definitely a U. S. History bias. But I mean like it's to be sure
um I personally prefer a little more modern
So like 20th century wow.
So
like it's just a lot um I have done research on like colonialism and like um but I specifically did it on like Mexico. I didn't necessarily do it on like south America so
shit
contribute.
What?
Right. I did I did a research paper on the Like they disappeared people in Argentina from like 1983 or not like 75-83. So like I did some
research on that. Um But yeah it's I mean like I don't want to say it was cool but like it was cool to learn, you know what I mean?
Right. It's a terrible thing that happened but like
good to learn about.
it's
true.
and it's so funny too because like there were some dictators and stuff where they will uh This is specifically I was reading a little bit about africa and there was one particular person like leader in Africa I forgot the country but he he was trying to get us help for something and the U. S. Refused and then they were like okay well the USSR was going to give us money and then they're like your communist we have to kill you now. And it's like no you just you didn't give me money like so to me it's so funny because it's like at the drop of a hat it's like you know they don't help you like you're a communist like
it's
very it's just like but
it's really enlightening too because like now I kind of understand and like it's to me it's been a very new revelation that like America has not been this way for a while. Like we didn't put in God we trust on our bills till the 50s. Like it's a very modern concept and it's so weird to me because like some people I know They think it's like ever since 1776 everyone's like believed in God and like and uniformly and everything and it's like wow such a modern invention. Right?
Did
you
mean november 2016 after the election? I feel like I lived through it. I get it now like I didn't get it at first but then trump got elected and I was like, oh I get it now. We could, I like with the whole north Korea thing happened and everyone got texts on their phones, I was like hot.
And it's it's good. Yeah.
Do
you read like the physical newspapers still?
I was just curious
Because I'm one of those people who like I've never read print stuff, I
don't even watch TV so I'm just curious as to what people are doing now that aren't like number 35.
They're very, very good at creating like a very single source narrative of just like, yeah, when in reality is just capitalism. But you know,
it's, it's very important to know. But like this has probably been the most productive conversation. I've most productive conversation I've had with someone over the age of 50. Thank you. It's been it's been like, I'm not trying to guess your age but like wow, this has been great.
like awesome. But yeah, it's just, it's hard to learn to because like you learn about it one way in school and then you learn about it another way and you're like, oh, so like for example in the eighties, like um, you learn about Things that happened in the 80s when you're a kid and then when you grow up you realize that like the president is like didn't do anything about AIDS for like a long time. and you were like, oh because like you didn't, that's the thing, it's like when you learn about family drama and it also suddenly clicks, it's like that where it's like you learn about stuff happened in the past, you're like oh that's why that happened. Oops. Um and it's hard for the night, I think for me the hardest centuries or the centuries where I was not centuries what I'm talking about decades where I was like either just born or like a kid to understand because like it's still very present, but like it's very hard to to understand because it's still the
repercussions are still happening.
I'm
X
I
completely get it. It's the narrative that was spread, it's like it's really easy when it happens to a marginalized community because then you can just be like, that's probably,
definitely.
Yeah. It's just life.
I think that's a very us mood though. I think that's a very uniquely United States thing, especially when I was doing a little bit of research about how long it took to get seatbelts and helmets past as law, like oh my goodness, people were so against it for no reason.
Exactly. Like there's precedent,
is precedent for it. So I feel like it's a very uniquely and I always have to remind myself why did americans want to be separate from Britain because they didn't want to pay taxes. Our nation
is founded on not wanting to pay taxes. What did you think was gonna happen like? And it's just been a thing I don't Uh
Oh my goodness, It's
wild.
It's wild. Well to me that's like a whole another brand because like, you have the confederate Republican people, but you also have to don't tread on me people, which oftentimes are libertarians, which are just republicans who like weed usually to me, I think because like, I think libertarians have tried to brand themselves as like, oh, you know, like we're not republicans, we don't hate people, like we just don't want taxes, and it's like, you're just Diet Republic. I don't I don't know. Anyway. Um It's Yeah. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, So nice to me. This has been so cool.
We're out there, we read sometimes.
Thank you so much. Have a good rest your day.
Hi.