Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. I'm not sure quite how statement I know if I have ever, do you know the way that you do? You know that? That's true. Yeah. Maybe it almost carrie a situation. Oh I'm sure about you. Come on. A 100% Child. Me. I I know what Asher problem I left during the last one. They see her naked. Probably did. I think actually that was the one before this. Oh. Mhm. Um uh Hi johnny. Hi. Okay.
Hey how's it going?
Pretty good. Pretty good. Just watching tv before I got on this chat.
This is my 7th time doing this.
Yeah that's the limit for now. But they keep upping it. It was previously four then six now seven so I'm sure they'll keep increasing it.
I had that happened to me twice. Uh Well the person didn't show up um And then I inadvertently did that to someone else twice. So it evens out
Time.
Yeah. Which I guess I'm I'm glad but you know I I try my best to respect my commitments. Um Yeah so um Mhm. So uh what was your day like another legal
remember?
Six days ago?
just
I
think
the most
thanks to
well
sir.
Oh cutting it close well kind of. Um So what is your major
computer science? That's awesome. Um So what do you plan on doing with that degree? Just out of like I guess what direction do you plan to go?
you were with our arch
What kind
of
bitch
you got
me
out?
that's that's definitely an emerging field. That's probably definitely a something that's both interesting and I'm sure lucrative to uh to get into. All
Um it was a pretty good uh pretty good day. Um I had work um with the COVID-19 pandemic. I predominantly been working from home. Um So this week I mainly just have like trainings um You know like different group activities where we're doing like simulated situations and stuff like that. Um So it's it's been a pretty I guess. Uh Not not necessarily an easy week but a pretty low key week for me, work wise.
Yeah yeah I have some vacation time built up um that I'll be using toward the end of the year, so
Looking forward to that. Um yeah I graduated college in 2015. Um I never really I kind of went into college with the idea that I was going to go to grad school and pursue what my major was related to, but I started to change my mind toward the end and I decided to just enter the workforce directly after my bachelor's degree. Um I mean I definitely enjoy what I do um You know there's a lot of flexibility to it and I'm doing something different every day usually, so you know it's it's it's good. Um But yeah, I mean my major was originally psychology. Um I wanted to potentially go into a PhD program but ultimately it didn't really appeal to me. Uh huh.
Bye.
However.
I
felt
out, yeah, I mean some of it, yeah some of it is uh it depends on the field you're looking at because some psychology studies are are very, I mean so they may be written in a way that's hard to understand to a layperson, but the concepts are really elementary and then there's some aspects of psychology like learning psychology where it can get so complex um and and it's and it's honestly akin to reading like a a mathematical theory, I mean how complicated it can get um Yeah, I mean it was it's interesting to me, but I don't know, I just, I didn't want to spend 4 to 5 years in a PhD program and then decide oh I don't want to do this, you know what I mean? So ultimately I decided to forgo that. Uh huh.
You are?
uh
I wouldn't mind it, but um the things always making me sneeze, so that's that's the problem, but oh well, um so uh I am located in the northeast and we are getting snow today. Okay, yep,
You
are
has that area that area hasn't been affected by the wildfires, has it may be your air quality, but.
Are
you
know?
yeah, well that that's good, that's good. Um
Yeah
I just know uh growing up in in Western new york um You know we really don't get many extreme weather events. Um I will say in 2017 we did have an issue with flooding um a couple of people.
Lake
Ontario.
awesome. Yeah I uh I love Canada. So that's that's cool to see. Yeah I mean as honestly as the crow flies I'm closer to Toronto that I uh definitely closer to Toronto that I am new york city or Albany or anything like that.
It's always interesting for me to think that like there's people living under a completely different political system and you know not that different way of life but in essence a different way of life and they're like right there but I I never see them you know because it's I don't know that always fascinated me. But how do you like University of Toronto? Always? No. Mhm. This one.
Everything can
change.
What?
All right.
that's
I can see that. I can see that. Um Yeah, I mean that's just a long way to to travel for for college. So I was just curious if there was a certain appeal there. Um But I mean I mean but you're talking to someone that went to college 20 minutes away from their home. So uh you know I know a lot of people you know they go out of state or even out of country for college and you know, I'm sure that creates a great experience but I just kind of went local. Okay.
transform.
What was I supposed to do?
And the picture
completely,
Yeah. Well that's uh I mean good for you, that's awesome. Um Yeah I went to a state school um had I have gone there now it would have been free because new york has free schools. Free state school for residents. Um But back then it was pretty cheap um I mean I was able to pay off my loans within like a year and a half after graduating um And that was really all I cared about.
I didn't want
yeah I know I just I didn't want to be in debt, that was my number one thing but um I mean and I didn't stay on campus. I I commuted um Like everyone is different though, like I know my sister for example she was big on having the whole college experience, you know immersing herself living on campus. Um And there's definitely benefits to that, especially living in new york because it's not always feasible to make multiple drives out there in the in the dead of winter when the roads are crazy, it's much easier if there's an event going on and you live right there, you know? But um they worked for me.
Yeah, I'd like to think so. Um Yeah, so why does your father hate the University of uh Irvine?
Thank
you.
I
needed to.
She.
I am all there all the glory,
No that's uh he has a very justifiable reason to
be mad at them and uh it sounds like the uh the fact they rejected him really ignited some motivation in him to really show them up. So uh so that's good that that he was able to uh you know, make um a positive out of that situation. Um But so uh so okay, so he ultimately got into uh check them, just like what you're going to be doing, it's awesome and Uh huh.
Hello?
what
Mhm. No, I mean, you know, to some extent we're all products of our environment, but I mean it sounds like, you know, I mean look, ultimately you decided to go uh you know, to the University of Toronto, which is basically on the other side of the hemisphere. So I mean, I would say you're definitely making your own choices, so good for you, the fear
I mean um I always thought about um I mean even though my job, so I work in um I work in a industry that I can describe it as construction, wholesale supply. I'm essentially I work like as a project manager um type type profession. Um So I mean we use some um I mean we use technology like any industry but I mean obviously it's not very tech oriented compared to a lot of jobs but I I thought about um just trying to learn a little bit about coding sort of like in terms of like self teaching just to have that skill set because I feel like it's a good skill set to have you know in modern society. So um the fact that you're in the tech industry, I was wondering I mean do you know of any um good resources to kind of get involved with that? Um I mean just I mean I figured if anyone would know would be someone like you. Mhm
ria
Calling does
so
low barrier of entry um but in terms of actually learning I guess the mechanics of the skill, are there any particular resources out there that you would recommend?
And
You
know,
Fiscal analyst in
London.
but
Your
opponent.
So
we
are putting
into
that
definitely
sounds
intuitive.
Oh,
With python.
if
you want.
Now I have heard of these different languages. So so you are, you are making sense to me as you explain some of this. Now obviously I don't know much about the distinctions between these but from what I understand, C plus plus is going to be a little more complex than something like python, is that correct? Another Okay, okay.
Um, so I guess so. I I guess my question would be with that is if python is, is really intuitive and that's good for beginners. Would starting out with that sort of shortcut some of the long handed stuff that I should know, or I mean is or does knowing some of those more complicated, drawn out languages are those sort of becoming obsolete in the coding world,
european,
you
tell.
that's
the
word,
I
don't defend his years.
You betrayed unique
tartlet, yep,
that's
that's probably
good,
that makes sense. Order.
What?
man.
So
her.
that's
what I thought.
and if
you
that's
However,
control
control.
sort
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. It does. Um And uh kudos to you for for understanding what I was getting out there and and that makes sense that yeah, there's going to be a trade off depending on where, depending on which language you choose to focus on. Um So yeah, I will uh I'll take that advice and I definitely want to kind of get into that just because it's it's a good skill to have um awesome.
What
impossible.
What
that is.
I love
it.
You
set
me up.
People.
paint the
fucking
over
the
problem
with Captain.
We can take it upstairs.
Captain.
Now
from here to
there,
please
look for
the truth.
That's um Okay. Yeah, that's that's very sound advice. Thank you. Um So now on the tail end of this conversation, let's broaden it a little bit. Especially since you're into robotics. I got it sort of at least touch on this topic. Um In regards to the idea of making real artificial intelligence, um You know, robots that can build smarter robots that can build smarter robots, right? That whole that whole idea of self propelling um exponential artificial intelligence. Now, I've heard that in terms of us getting their humanity getting there. I've heard that it's not so much a hardware problem. We have all the hardware available to do that kind of thing. It's really just a matter of uh coding the right software. Um I guess I guess. What are your thoughts on that bob?
Me.
More
than I even know you
were there
enjoy
life.
From
me,
I stayed in this,
But
I can.
Right. But but but I guess I guess my whole thing is like like yeah, like in terms of simulating real life, we're simulating a brain, right? So at least how the brain functions. So then why haven't we? I guess what do you see as the main limitation that we haven't done that yet? Because it seems like there's enough bright people in the field. The hardware is there just seems interesting to me that we
have it quite
you want to take the job?
and
came back.
Uh huh.
Stop sending out.
Okay.
Yeah,
I'm
not
like,
no,
no, I I do. And I'm asking, you know, an impossible question. So I, you know, I I appreciate you taking a stab at it because I've always been curious about that. Um, um, just to kind of get people's thoughts on it and you're right. I mean, I guess maybe the way we're programmed is just uh or at least the way we've evolved or whatever is just so counterintuitive to how we understand coding. It just doesn't quite mesh at least at this time.
The fucking
anymore.
No
training.
What
is that?
There
were
some of
the spectrum
you
to trace them
which is the
normal resolution.
there
problem,
We
don't know how they got
there, How
they
Hello?
We're not programmed to understand it. We're programmed how to use it. Just like how we know how to use a smartphone. But good luck having the average to explain how a smartphone works. Um Yeah. And like just working off your analogy a little bit with the house, it's like, yeah, I think of all the steps that go into making a house, like drawing out Prince and and and creating the actual, creating the actual structures before they're even in the house. I mean that process seems so detached from the finished product. You know, it's like you wouldn't, like you said it's not intuitive, you wouldn't think how it all relates until you actually see everything there. You know, this is together working um
services
yeah. Right, right. Once it's there, once it's discovered it was obvious um everyone's you know, then everyone pretends that it that it was always common sense. That's great. Um Alright man, it was a pleasure talking to you. It looks like we're at our 25 minutes. Um
It
was a very fun topic. I I you know, it's a it's an honor talking to someone like you who is intelligent like that. You're
welcome.
All right man. You uh I hope you kill it at life. You have a good one.