and
happen you
have you ever done one of these before?
Your 7th wow. So you're at the tail end of the limit aren't you?
All right. This is my 5th I believe. Yeah. Although I had one previously and they didn't show so here I am. Yeah.
Well they don't take any serious penalties if that happens accidentally
so yeah.
I'm a college student and
my classes all start after one. So I woke up at 12 uh
luxury I have thankfully. Um Yeah I
ate and
rolled
around
a little bit and
I got to class
at
one, ended up to I have another lecture later I believe in an hour and a half. So yeah
I studied computer science.
Um When I was in high school I was in a robotics club and I have a lot of fun with that so I'm hoping to pursue something along those lines.
I also do enjoy teaching. Um So something something. Hopefully
I like to have
something
that combines those two
but if
not
I probably choose uh robotics aspect. Yeah.
No. How about you? Your day?
Yeah that's good to hear, I think that you're starting to wind down a little bit too so that's something to look forward to
punch.
I mean it's definitely not for everyone. The uh the research is tough I'd say especially with psychology I I feel I'm not that knowledgeable
about it but I will
say the things I have read like one or two papers of it. I I can't keep wrap my head around it,
it's
just a swim.
respectable
noticed your cats all surviving in the background. Uh
huh.
so uh I'm actually located in California, northern California, NorCal. Actually just got our first
rain
today, we don't get snows. Um
eric holley was there, the sky was orange and all that. So I live like like imagine there's like two mountain ranges and the intersects and there's like a V. Right so it's it's not a valley but like I I live in like the like the bottom of this you in the mountains so and like next to those mountains are like the forest fires. So we did get like a lot of the smoke and there were like arrogance relatively
close
to
me that were evacuated. Um But no not not not where I live because relatively suburban and far far enough away from from them.
Mhm.
Yeah.
flooding in western Western New york where the water comes from? If I
can ask.
Oh right okay. Yeah I actually go to university in Toronto by the way. So yeah, I guess I'm a little familiar with, like the climate at least. Uh huh.
But
I guess regarding the space itself, I go to like a sub campus, right? So It's relatively new
and
relatively
small, so everything is walking distance within 10 minutes. That was really cool when I was living there in my first year. Um
I mean regarding the academics themselves, I think they're flying, you know, like any other university, I'm not sure. I don't have any point of comparison, I should say so.
I don't really know what I describe it.
For me it was like, it was like a split between
like cost and prestige. So I got into like three universities that I was actually considering. Um, one was UC Irvine, the other one was Washington and then the other one was Toronto. Those are three. I was actually looking at um Irvine was the cheapest out of all of them. But my dad really hates Irvine. He really hates the university. Um I can go into that story later if you want.
And Washington was really expensive. Like
Toronto with its international tuition is cheaper
than out of state tuition in Washington. So I just said okay well I guess I'm going to another country.
It sounds like
dream at this point in time.
Uh huh. You seem to be doing okay for yourself. So
uh so the story goes that my dad my dad's a he's like a first gen immigrants right? So he's the one who moved to the States and um it's okay. Um When when he was so he he came after graduating college and he was looking for grad school himself and one of the places he applied to was
U.
C. Irvine. So under the recommendation of like the person he was living
with
so he tried he could not get in and the reason they gave to him was something like your school was not good enough. Your college was not good enough. And he was like well that's bullshit because my university I used first in China was like
like top five in the area top five and like top 10 in the whole country. So he was really salty about that went to cal state after that and made his way up you know up here in Silicon Valley is always saying like clearly on an outlier and at the bullshit so I'm gonna say U. C. Irvine is bullshit.
So that's the story behind that
and.
I'd
like I'd like to think that I made this choice independent of my dad. I mean although frankly speaking I just live in the area where it's really easy to get into it
so it's not that surprising I guess.
Thanks interesting.
So
really in order to set up an environment for coding, all you really need is like a text editor. Um if you use Windows you probably have one already installed just called note pad.
You need a compiler which is something that will run the code and you need your computer. That's that's largely it. Um Just
speaking
so there are there are too many to count actually. Um So
much so that it's hard to recommend you a single one by what I will recommend to you as a beginner. Is start with python. I
think
python is the easiest to get into as a language. Um
It
is more strictly related to
like english, like we're recording more in english than like as like coding, coding. Um Just just as an example to print something out on the line in something like java I need to say system dot out dot print line and then your message. What the hell does system mean? What the hell does out mean? What does
like
what's that in python you just say prince and then
your
message.
I think
that is more intuitive.
So that is why
I
recommend
python more to you and also um
encourages good coding practices. Just built into the language itself. So as a language I start I recommend you start with python just
google some tutorials, some Youtube tutorials. There are a lot out there. I did not learn python in like a self
taught
setting. I learned in more, you know in a university setting, but I did learn C plus plus in a more like self taught setting. Um
Yeah, I would say so.
That depends on
what you're after
in the
end. So if you need to deal with an application,
like if you're trying to make
something that
deals more with like you know the memory in your computer, you need to you know withdraw stuff from your hard drive. Like that gets very complex but I imagine that is not really your goal maybe
like
as complicated as you'll get something like making
just just as an example.
So
these
are these are two
very very different animals. So
Yeah. So will
you like lose a little bit of complexity that maybe will be useful and more
complex languages? Yes, there's always a
little bit
of trade off. Um
But
I do think if you have like that fundamental like just understanding
the
logic of how the code works then
at that point you your only real concern
with the more complex languages is like the more
back end stuff
like how do I make sure this um this runs
properly if that makes sense at all.
One
more thing I will
add is the tutorials will
probably only take you so far if you want to become
more
proficient
in it, you should make a project of your own something that will help help you in your own life and then just try and work on that.
So for example um I'm in
college,
you know G. P. A. Calculating is a thing
I do very often making sure you know I cut things just race. Um
So you know I maybe
I will
go to G.
P.
A. Calculator
for myself,
that's simple enough, right? So something that could help you in your life um Go for it. Try and make it if you feel like something is you're doing something over and over again. That's on the computer. You could probably do with coding.
So yeah that's
my recognition for like after
you finish
the tutorials or maybe even while
you're doing them
to
practice the more basic stuff.
Um I definitely agree with like the hardware. Is there kind of thing because like think about it. Um you like you as a person you're built of like carbon molecules of oxygen molecules you know and all sorts of different
you know like combinations of the sorts. So like theoretically speaking you could like program little like, like in the computer like little carbon molecules
that
do
exactly what the carbon molecules do in real life.
And then you
could make, you know, a person out of that. Like we have the computing power,
we have
enough
computer power to make that happen. All we have to
do is just combine multiple computers together together and then
make something like that. Right?
So
I
so I think like the problem is we don't understand why we are intelligent to begin
with,
like fully enough to put it into programming. Like I know there are theories out there that like explain our intelligence, but none of them are really easy
to put into into code. Right? Um
So I think we just don't know how to program dr right?
Yeah.
Like it's that
I
think
you you get what I'm getting at or
you know.
I think maybe another
good way to put it is like we live in houses, right? So, you know, we it's really intuitive for us to like, open the doors in the house. It's really easy for us to, you know, use the kitchen stove in the house, we uh instituted to use the tools that were given. It
is not intuitive to understand how the house is built on the inside. You know what, what what the support beam does to the rest of the house, You know what, you know what architecture, what
materials,
all that like that. It is a multi person projects that
you create
a house, You gotta have the builders,
you
gotta have
the,
you know, the architects
are gonna have the engineers,
Material engineers.
So,
yeah, I think it's something like that where we
we we know
how to use like the tools of life that we have
but we don't really were definitely
because
we
are tools of lives ourselves, we're not programmed to understand
the tools of life, so.
And it is also one of those things where like you know you it's one of those like no one understands what it's like
how it works until someone actually discovers how it works. And I was like, oh well it's right there, it's easy, everybody gets it.
Yeah. You too. That was that was really funny topic
like that.
you. You too. Right?
Why?