Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. And the what? Yeah. Uh huh.
Hello?
Take your time. I'm
fine.
You
you take your time I'll rattle on. Oh gosh. Well I'll tell you because I'm talking to a total stranger, but hopefully after 25 minutes minimum we won't be be strangers anymore. I
can,
I can tell you that it's really hot where I am today I live in Arizona And it's going to get up to about 113,
which is
hot.
where did you grow
up?
husband's from Teaneck. Where are you from?
that's ready
for
Yeah, he, he worked for the Hudson Hudson Valley dispatch, which I think he said was in Bergen County at that time. And uh
well
I don't think there was any reason for him to be there other than his dad worked in new york. So it was like a handy commute that was about it. What about your folks? Did did mom or dad work in the city or did they?
that's cool.
Very good, very good. What and
what is she, is she working as an architect now?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's like you think things are gonna get better after you get out of college because you're like wow they actually pay me to work but then it's
even
that's just my my stepmother went back to school to study architecture as a mature student and she said that when she finally graduated and it took her a while um when
she
began
working it was kind of the same thing. I mean they were really you know this was out in Seattle so she thought it would be all you know crunchy granola and you know let's make earth you know earth dwellings for you know the the unfortunate and you know she was kind of told yeah you're going to be designing
bathroom
stalls for shopping malls. Okay that's where you start. Hello? Uh You clinched. Oh man not
again uh There you
go.
Hello?
there's
me.
Oh yeah no I I've I've had that problem yeah if you open up skype or something else
you
know
that's it.
Well
good.
so well done. So so something about you, what do you what do you do
what's going on your?
No.
Mhm.
I think
sell
sell sell yeah
I know the drill
yeah don't don't sweat
on the machines
You
did
it
but.
Well
kpi
s
how
many closes?
interesting.
That's
it.
big one Yeah.
Yeah. Big Fat
one.
Holy
crap. Holy crap. Oh my
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like what I have never figured my my brother lived in Hollywood for like 30 years and and he was he would work out at Gold's
gym and
you
know all that.
Oh it was it was the place to be, you know and 30 years ago it was the place to be. And I remember he said he said he there was this woman that he would see working out and he was like don't I gosh she looks she looks so familiar and I just cannot place this woman. And then he was walking by a I don't know where he was, that he saw that. But anyway it turned out that she was a porn star.
That is like
that's where I know you, that's that's how it's like I'm not seeing used
to seeing
you with your clothes on, you look so different. But but he said yeah, he said the whole thing was you know how are wages? You know, people will like say well I got to get fit so I can get a good job. But like okay, just being
fit isn't
going to give you the skills to do that great job. So where is this money coming from? I don't know where it comes from?
Plus
there
was
they
do
matter.
It
does
it
does
my my my first
job in college, my boss said, he said this to me about like two days after I started and he said he said I'm going to give you a word of advice. He said, people judge you by your shoes, you might want to take care of those. Okay.
He's like
well he
I
I
he
said he was it was no it was it was it was quite targeted and it was very very tactful but and he was right and he said you know it wasn't that I had bad shoes but I didn't
take care
of them. Like I would I would let the heels get run down, I wouldn't shine them you know what I mean? And he was an african american from Detroit and you know it was all about like
you know the sharp suit and the good hair and the cufflinks and this is at a public radio station in Ypsilanti
michigan
I mean nobody yeah like nobody had good shoes there. Nobody gave a crap but you know he was from
the big city and he was going to tell me take
care of your shoes and I never forgot it.
I
arab
yeah airports and airports
and
train
stations. Yeah,
this
is I I work online because I don't have to do my nails,
nobody can see my ass. That's
right. They only see this and that's it. They're not going to see that
or
that
or
my my my nothing below there and they're not going to see my crappy shoes at all. So are you in California now? And I would assume covid hit and
then at all
hit the fan and you're like, what do I do now? So what are you gonna do now
here?
For
Excellent.
good.
What what what type of work
do you do?
Are you are you on Fiverr and up work for doing? You know like graphic
I
mean.
cute.
With little yeah little pom poms at the time.
Durable.
My my dad always said, sweetheart, remember they don't want it perfect. They want it Tuesday, they want it Tuesday get it to them on Tuesday you'll be okay. And then he also said he said uh is it? I said dad I got this new job and he said what's the job? And I told him and he said that's not your job. I said what is it? It's
not your
job? I said well okay let me explain it a different way. I'm going to be blah blah blah blah blah blah. And he's like no that's not your job. I said dad what is my job? He says everyone has the same job. I said what's that? And he said everyone's
job is to make their boss happy. I you're right you're right, that's what it's all about. You know that has stayed with
me you
know
and sometimes your clients
are your boss, Are you happy
that I'm happy?
That's
it.
I were yeah it's so funny. It's like well you don't really have a job because they don't give you a W two, you know like be your own boss. So I do like a million 10 99 and
non
1099 stuff. I do my
Been teaching English as a foreign language for 30 years and I've
been
teaching
exclusively
online for six years now. And so I do I have Israeli um high tech business execs who need to improve their english and then I have the whole chinese endless round of you know what I mean? Which means getting up at three in the morning and you start teaching at four and then you're done at six and then you know you kind of take a nap and then teach the Israelis a little bit later. And then in the afternoons I worked for an Israeli company based in new york doing digital content creation. So I we basically take news stories off the wire like CNN's feed or Reuters or ap or mp or whatever and then we use our library that we lease from Getty Images to so footage and there's like stock footage and there's also editorial news footage like real stuff and then we kind of mash them together and you know serve it up and say you know according to
U. P. Heart disease and men over Blah Blah Blah you know and then we put together like 35 2nd videos that just get you know there
some
people
buy
them. Yeah. Yeah exactly. So some people buy them as part of their own targeted feed for their channels. Um And then the company has its own Youtube channels with various sections, which nobody watches, but it's like the it's like if they get X number of stories out a day, they've
got
it all
figured out,
they'll get X. No. Yeah, it's like, it's all numbers and it's like, you know, here's your quota and, you know, fulfill these parameters and you're good and and I've been able to do that. So um it's worked out, yeah, it's worked out, but working with the chinese kids as a blast, that's that's the most there. So funny. They're like, how are you? And they've got crazy names, like they'll they'll take english names, but
knows where they get them. Like, like the, like the funniest ones I've heard were one was it was a five year old boy named Plan
B, Plan
B. Your plan B. Really? The 11 was um one was one was fancy
dancy,
dancy dancy.
Yeah. Yeah they they have to you know they have to like again I don't know. I somehow like the parent will just pick them out of like they heard them or they saw them or they saw him on tv or something like this. But it's just so fun because I get to like play with like all these like are you happy or mad? You know or like do you like spiders or or do you like cats?
there was just fun. It's just so fun. I mean it's like two hours of like being a personal
trainer. It's like you're not going to be a miserable son of a gun. You're not gonna be like
mean,
you've got to be happy, you got to be up, you gotta be encouraged. And then it's really, really helped. It's two hours a day, six days a week of being
up, up up. It's helped me, it helped my marriage, I'm easier
to beat around because I come out in a great mood. So yeah, go
ahead. Sorry.
No,
no that well I I know I know some hebrew. I lived
in Israel, my husband and I uh made ali and we lived in Israel for about four years. Um So I have some hebrew, but you know usually when they go
when a student says you know
needs hebrew like no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I I forgot it. No, I don't know any chinese and in fact all of these companies are very strict
that you must never
speak
china. Yeah, never. It's like total immersion. But the every once in a while some of them will say well we'll let you make a slide or a sign that says like mom called tech support
circle, you know, click the mouse to circle the thing or you know just really basic instructions that are in chinese. But no, other than that I like to, I mean I went to, I went to Taiwan and Hong Kong about 30 years ago and I learned about,
I think I learned um hello and thank you.
That's it,
that's
it.
Um I don't
know because I haven't, I don't, yeah I haven't had, I, I haven't been a bilingual teacher. Um my first job was in Finland and if you thought chinese
was obscure, like nobody spoke, nobody spoke
Finnish ever. Yeah, I mean and I was there for several years then
I moved to France
and you know got reasonably fluent and I could try a little bit, but I was teaching myself later it was England and Ireland and then Israel uh Israel I think Israel was the hardest because there I was teaching in the public
schools,
I wasn't teaching online. Oh my God. 30 is really?
Oh my God they kicked my yes,
they ate me alive. I mean I was not only in the Israeli an Israeli religious jewish girls middle school, which is a handful and I mean like half the stuff they were just praying and divining, right? And I'm like all right. And then the other
half was, the other half of my week was teaching in a drew school
where everybody spoke Arabic, so I'm like yeah Arabic, not so much so there are expectations of me were very low, but I was a cheap date because I was an immigrant And yeah, I really would know. They, we were really popular because the principles, if they hired us, they would get us for free the first year and the government paid our salaries. But then they, what they started doing is like, okay, so it's the end of your year so I just won't renew and I'll get some other foreigner. We're afraid. We're all the teachers were like trade. Yeah. We're like, hey, do you know, do you want to go to Tamara? Do you want to go to the Arca? You okay? Because we would just like trade jobs because we knew the deal. And then finally the government figured this out and they're like
no more.
And then we got bombed by Lebanon and my husband said that's it and we're out of there. So
there
we
go.
There
we go. Yeah,
it was really good. Well, you know like I said, I I got those two jobs working on line, one for a language school and one for the digital thing and that was gosh, six years ago and I was able to take those jobs home and to put bread on my
table, so I'm good.
How so how are you going to get, how are you going to get other clients? I'm interested in marketing
as an artist.
I do, I'm on it every
yeah. Which one? Which one? Yeah, I'm on a couple, but it's like like show my art and everyone goes on, it's really
nice. That's
it's
discouraging sometimes, like geez, I'm not worthy. You
know,
there's there's a guy in Australia, you've probably seen it. He or maybe in South Africa he makes a living honest to God, he makes a living bye, melting down aluminium in a cauldron and dumping it down giant ant hills.
Have
you
seen
that? I'm like that brilliant. It's freaking brilliant. I mean, I would talk about a niche, it's like, man, I want one of those sculptures, those are so called, I'm like, I'm eyeing there's a lot of ants in Arizona and out in the desert,
and I'm like,
you might you might, you know, like maybe I could collect
some cans and melt it down, get the beer cans out in the desert, melt it down, and all that stuff,
go ahead. All right.
like it's
like
through the looking glass?
wow, that's interesting. I, you know, I'm thinking of the the the possibilities That could be done with that kind of artistic mentality and 3D. Printing right? So you could you could you know, produce something, throw it into cad cam, throw it into
kind
of
and then just make it, yeah, just make that make the darn thing. I mean
why
not
talk
about
sculpture?
He was
it all it all shows up on cbs
sunday morning with Leslie stall
going
wow wow, that's amazing.
But we'll leave our our generation
will leave
it to you. Well listen my dear, I'm going to get out of here because we both have questions to answer for this gig
and you know, high five. Don't cry be the happy octopus.
Well I don't know your name but
my name is Lana and it is so
Hi
josh
look good. Yeah. Good luck to you
and
uh you know, stay safe and don't get the
corona.
Thank
you. I'll need it. Okay.
Fine. Out.
I
find
my,
my,
my
I I think, well, yeah, I
guess
we'll
just
like X out. Well, let's see. Um, let me go back to that and it says
that, I guess we just close the window. Let's fit. Let's cross our
fingers.
bye