mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi. Hey, testing my camera before this. I'm not sure why the website is not letting me use it. Um Give me one second. But how are you?
Well, I figured
this
out.
that's
the idea.
I
I got to know, I
got to know someone like a while ago online and she lived in Arizona and she always talked about how I constantly went over 100 degrees and they always blew my mind. I mean I grew up on the east Coast, so 100
was
uh New Jersey, right by new york city. So they found like a 20 minute drive. So you know, we got the four seasons there and yeah.
Bergen County, so that's
close
actually. Yeah. Yeah.
No kidding. Oh that's exciting. Yeah,
Bergen County that was like Alan dale Teaneck technical stuff is definitely familiar. I don't know how often I went there as a kid though, I don't think there was any reason for me to go.
Yeah. My um so my my mom after a while started community in new york city and that was like that was our deal, she was working as a fashion designer at the time, I actually don't remember what company church for. But
uh yeah and then after I have an older sister um and after she graduated college, she she started working in the city too, but her coming was really bad and she she characterized the architect um Yeah which is exciting. So we're cum laude which I was super proud of
them.
not anymore but when she was like right after she graduated architecture firm was like pretty tough. She uh I don't know, I don't remember if it was a small one or a big one but she always like she had to take the train, so she always came back like past midnight or something like that, just like pretty pretty horrific.
Not always
the case. Yeah.
I'm
going
to
Thank
you.
I think
it wasn't
high,
I think it wasn't working before because I was testing my camera, the app was still open and you can only have the camera app camera working on one app, so
my bed,
I'm sorry.
it
just it
just stops
So okay, I'm glad I'm
having
working now. Yeah.
So
I survived it for it, so this is just like bad time in general, but I was like a personal trainer for for a little while. Um I moved to California
number of years ago to attend school and then um
I took a break from that and
like while I was trying to figure out like what I wanted to do, I was attending, I was attending this uh this gym in my apartment complex, it's like a commercial gym, they have like seven different locations, but I was lucky enough to live in a place where it's like right in my basement. And so yeah, I basically um I went to I had a question about this exercise or something, and so I went to the front desk and I asked the person there and he's like, okay let me let me refer you to like a personal trainer, right? And that's
trying to trying to get a sale out of me. Sure.
So yeah,
so I so you know, I talked to him and he's like this really hyperactive, like really energetic guy, right? And he basically said, oh he really likes me, he wanted to introduce me to like, you know, the general manager or something to see if I can start working there and I'm like okay sure. And so I started out like working as like just like a pool attendant, you know, just just, you know, watching people make sure make sure nobody drowns and they watch. And yeah,
and
and at the time they basically said I could get like a couple of months uh to study for my personal training license and like okay, so while, you know, so
while I
was doing
my, you know, uh lifeguard duty or whatever,
there's like it was a little computer
over there too, so just they just said I could study there at the same time, so I I got the license like pretty fast like in about a month. Yeah, and I started working there and it was actually pretty, it was actually pretty enjoyable. But then it I feel like there's always these like different expectations and for me I never worked in the corporate world before then so I didn't really know about how like it is all about like selling, selling selling and so so yeah
so
I did
it so
I didn't really enjoy that. Um I will say I got, I looked out and I I feel proud of the fact that I was like one of the two other new hires and out of like the two or three I guess I made the most sales that month for the first two months. So I was like I was pretty happy and then afterwards afterwards I realized like the salesmen are actually a lot better at selling than I am and they know like all the like the deals and little like cuts they could make to like sort of give like the client discounts. So I feel like in the beginning I missed a couple of sales because I thought I was the one who had to like sell them, but afterwards I'm like okay I just like
took them to like the front desk or whatever the or the the uh the sales manager or something and they just did their stuff and then if they sold it went under like my name, I guess I'm sure they get like some kind of colours on that.
But yeah, so
so that worked out but after a while I feel like it just got really stressful or whatever. And then and it's interesting because I don't remember exactly how big of a cut that they get, but like A big one.
Yeah
and
and in my in my gym or in California, that's where I'm living right now. Um Everything is really expensive, right? I have a roommate who lives in like Florida and personal training sessions for like 30 bucks, like a piece like a day or or for like an hour. And like here in my gym it was like I think on the cheapest end it was $120 per session. Yeah
it's insane.
so it's like that. Yeah so I was like when I first started I was blown away that people would buy packages like 100 or something and obviously had 100 that the price per session gets down to like maybe maybe 100 at the lowest but it's still a lot, it's like in the same amount of money to me. Um.
goals
is really popular
to,
it's huge.
that's
it's
of course
not
and
to
Yeah, I think glasses like
gold
was
like the the one that I think all the classics trained out to like all the classics, like big bodybuilder names, which is pretty crazy, but it meant to be fair regardless of like how superficial is seems. Unfortunately I feel like looks do matter and like you know first impressions everything, so
like
I think
like working on it like your parents and all that does make a difference in the long run I suppose and you know how well you dress
and everything
goes a long way to of course, but so it's
like
whatever,
I don't know.
wait, did you just not like what you were wearing?
What
was that? Just like
general
advice
I give to people?
I
see.
So
especially
wonder.
Rare.
That's
funny. Shoeshine. That's a term I haven't heard in a really long time. I think I'm pretty sure there is still a thing of course. But I mean they used to be like stalls
everywhere. You know, like
the random like,
right. That was, that was like
big
ones.
translation is, you
know,
Remember.
It's
just nothing
nothing
to love
the day.
Everything
went to shit basically.
So I mean I,
so after I stopped working at the commercial gym, I started my own personal training business. But that was like right before covid his, I only got like a couple of clients before everything like went to went to the crapper. And so this is like just like not a good time to like really
build my client base. I'm still saying like a couple, I'm still seeing one later right after like a little a couple hours after after our session right now. But yeah,
so so that's okay. But on the on the on the other hand, I'm working on like a side gig as like uh an artist. So I just I just finished the commission a short while ago.
Yeah, and that that took a lot.
I
do I do digital art. Um And so I have I have a lot of fun with that. Um That my most recent one.
so I do I
don't
know if you can look it up right now, but I do I do like commission basically post like kind of poster work. I actually I don't have to hear anymore, but it was it was a bit of like a fantasy piece. Um and it was like this little girl uh in like winter clothing with like uh you know those puffy jackets with like the hoodie furry, fuzzy, fuzzy holding
on the back? Yeah,
it was in the evening, it was dark.
Um she was like holding a little flashlight looking up and it was like a little like uh they fished in the sky, I just like swimming around and it was I had a fun time with that piece. It was like, it was a bit of a challenge working the lighting and everything, but my my client really enjoyed it too, so I'm overall I'm quite happy with it, but like it was always like a bit of a the psychic type of thing. I like it, I like it to be like a main job at some point. But I feel like the main thing I had to work on is like a bit of like my profession is um at the moment just because um it slows everything down. I mean something people say like professionalism is like a good trade to have. But that's like you know, to an extent right? Until like everything goes like crazy and you're more like O. C. D. That perfectionism. So Right. So I'm trying to like sort of push that to the back burner a little bit and like like like grab the benefits of professionalism but not let it like hold me back like as far as like time and like effective like use of time I suppose. So.
Never
never.
All
Can
you
tell?
All
You're
you're working from home though, right? So
you're
but you're not your own boss, you're working for other people right now or
You
know?
I don't know.
The
best
way to get
something,
I'm
Just to get clicks
with
or
whatever.
It's
all about
the statistics
though.
Like much of the
Not
the favorite child I guess
fancy
death. Are
these names that they call themselves or? Okay. Okay.
that's not really cute. Yeah.
Where?
Of
course not.
Or
But
No.
Uh So you said you're teaching them english, but whose uh does that mean? You know like chinese and Israeli or how
does that work?
People?
Problem.
No.
Is
there a language?
I see.
What?
The whole thing.
That's
do you feel
like that's
challenging that to teach a second language where you don't know when you don't know their native language, do you think that makes it harder or stop
had
So
Red.
Thanks
for.
I
see.
kids.
Mhm.
I
No.
No.
Uh huh uh huh
It
was good
while
it lasted
though.
hmm.
Of course.
Well love
as
an artist, um I'm honestly just trying to like as an artist that's mostly about exposure. I haven't really started too much of that. Yeah. But you know, all the big websites, instagram read it wherever else. They were just like keep posting your stuff eventually. Um, people will either recognize your or just recognize your username. Um and um, there's like, I don't know if he's read it all, but there's like, you do.
there's, there's so many different subreddit they composed to. There's like, there's a bunch of ones really artists, like hungry artists is one or or like, uh let me think if I can. There's like
hmm.
And so like there's like there's like a number of ones that allow you to post them. And like and like if people want to hire you for commission, then they'll like reach out. There's like other ones where they say they like clients post like their own needs. And for you to like give them your portfolio or something along those lines. But as of right now, I'm just really trying to build on my portfolio bit more. Um I feel like most of like the work I've done is uh have all like taken have all been like a little bit sporadic. And so I'm trying to like be on a bit more of a consistent basis. So my my my my my main goal right now is just a post. Like at least at least once a week, ideally like twice and see where it goes from there. But I'm not like a huge dress to get like the artist business that kicking off. It's, I feel like I still have, um I mean, I guess this goes for all artists, but I still have like a lot to learn and everything, so, so I'm like, you know, developing certain skills that I'm, I'm working towards. Um, but at the same time, you know, professionalism is the enemy of the good, so trying to, trying to like, you know, be willing to put myself out there and be like comfortable with that and if somebody wants to hire me or like do something for them, I'm not the person to be like, I'm not good enough yet, I'll just be like, okay, I think like, thank you for the opportunity, you know, whatever. And I feel like that's, that's, you know, that's, that's something that I need to work on. I feel like, um, and as an artist, I mean this is really a lot of other fields too, but especially with like how big social media is even just instagram in general, like so many incredible people out there. You know, it's hard to like be like
all
But
I mean, I think that's like a mindset that a lot of people have to like get over to, you know, it's something I'm working on as well. So hopefully that less slump will pass or it's just just a matter of like brute forcing it sometimes too. So yeah. Uh
yeah, I saw that. Yeah,
I saw
that.
It
Maybe
I should just dump it.
All
this It's
just art in general has really kicked off, especially with like the digital age, like there's so many like wild things being done now. Virtual reality is going to be like a really exciting one. Just like recently I saw there's like this virtual reality program where you can like create things in three D. And so it was like, I don't know if you ever seen those like some people create these like frames like three D. Frames where there's like depth to them. So there's like multiple layers in like in like a box. So like um so like instead of like a flat frame it's like uh 30 box frame, right? And it's like it in the back so like depending on what angle you look at it, like different. And so people have done that in the same way and like virtual reality where you can look at a dead on and then you can like walk towards it and like, like go into like art piece like Yeah,
like
experience.
So it's like really cool. Yeah. So.
And just have it
printed
out. Exactly. Yeah.
No,
I
I'm certain it's
going to
happen
at some point. Yeah, for sure. So, I mean there's a lot of exciting stuff happening or about to happen I guess it always feels like
a little while away, but at some point it's going to be on our doorstep.
See.
Leslie
stall.
No, you're right,
I
guess.
And
Thank you for the lesson. But
josh.
it was great chatting
with
you.
Thank
you.
Me too.
In love
with your business and everything. Take care. Okay.
bye.
I
have
no idea
how to end this.
I'll
figure this out.
Do
you just
close
the window?
All
Fair
enough. Alright
bye.