SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Ah Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Stop. Oh, this morning. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Question yeah. Thanks. Yeah, wow. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, mysterious. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what's hot?
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: You hear me okay? I'm a straight my wife because uh oh
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, loud and clear, loud and clear.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Good. Yeah, I did this once before and got completely stood up. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was saying, yeah, that happened to me. Yeah. The first time I think the first try I get stood up, but if they keep hitting you up to reschedule whatever, so I did that and the second time they were there on time, it was actually pretty
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: cool. And then this past time yeah, like twice in a row. So I was like, I'm meant to be, but here we are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um So they actually have, you have more than one conversation? I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I mean like what do you mean?
SPEAKER_L: Like after you did your last conversation, they rescheduled you for another one.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I wasn't expecting another one honestly. Maybe I didn't read the fine print close enough, but I didn't know they were gonna do it again, but I would for the first time. So as soon as I saw it pop up again, I was like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: whatever
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's pretty cool. Um This is the first time I've actually connected with someone, I think a couple of months ago they tried to run like um an early version of this, I think it was the same people, it looks like kind of the same interface but it had a lot of bugs and I just like couldn't connect to anyone.
SPEAKER_R: by its annoy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so they basically messaged me that they were going to rework it and try it again later, so I guess they did because
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad
SPEAKER_L: it works.
SPEAKER_R: you mark through this time.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, so what's up?
SPEAKER_R: What's up? Well here I'll tell you what's up? I just got out of uh a virtual escape real which like and more it sounds boiling right you know like. Yeah have you ever done like an escape room like in person I guess?
SPEAKER_L: um Oh yeah, yeah, like the hidden object type of thing, like we have to escape from the room.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. It's pretty much like we'll put you in a room and just like puzzles or whatever you got to solve and then like that's a quote.
SPEAKER_L: I know what those are,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's pretty cool. Um I've only ever done one before
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: like at all and it was like physically like I was actually there obviously they can't do now so they just switch it up. But there is a lot different because like in person they can lean a lot more like the physical type of puzzles. Like there's definitely things where like you have to like decide for a message or like other stuff like that but there is on the side different buttons to hit in a certain order. I don't know. I feel like that was just interesting because they could switch it up. Whereas like
SPEAKER_L: that is really cool, you must be like from the land without lockdown,
SPEAKER_R: it was a while ago and I did that. No, we're so I'm in Illinois so we're fully locked down. Yeah. But what I just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: did literally all like on google chrome and it was
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: weird. I didn't I wouldn't say it wasn't fun but it was just like I mean I think the thing about it is that you can only present a puzzle in like so many ways. At least the way they did it where it was just like a bunch of different things to decipher. It was all right. But it's different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that, that actually sounds really cool, I don't know if we have those around here, I'm in new york state, so we've been in lockdown since March and it's just ongoing.
SPEAKER_R: go on. How long were things like easing up was like no, I never really got too bad. Well we like we were locked down pretty hard early on anyway though just because our governor was trying to get ahead of it. Uh and now that we're like doing better relative, I would say we're doing good. I don't know if anyone is doing good in the US, we're doing better relative to other states. Then he's slowly opening things up. So like as far as like his plan goes that he came out with, we've been like crack every time, as far as like scheduling goes. But yeah, it's weird though. I don't feel like we can go into a restaurant and now if you want to, but it just still feels like strange. It must be crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they actually um I'm in the, like one of the county's like just north of New york city and we actually recently entered phase three. So now we like, apparently there's a little bit of indoor dining. I know I've seen outdoor dining where they have like the tables six ft apart outdoors.
SPEAKER_R: That's so, yeah, they had the same thing over here and it's just like, you can tell they're trying to really maximize like as much parking lot as they can because like I mean for being close for so long as it's gonna be brutal for all the restaurants.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like not everyone even has space for it,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: but,
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, I know that um I'm really pissed about the pool's not opening because it says in the reopening guidelines that outdoor pools can reopen in phase three. So we're actually cleared. But the pools around here, the outdoor ones are run by the county and they just decided to not open the middle for 2020 even though they can. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: wanted to play the, it has to be like a liability thing you guys like, I can't think of any other reason. Like could they be blood?
SPEAKER_L: I think they're just cheap. I think they're just cheap.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But isn't it I mean they were, they were achieved, they want to make any money, they can write like what's being closed gonna do? Maybe they were
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: afraid of being fluid.
SPEAKER_L: they don't make a lot of money on those pools. Like you can go there and do a lap swim for a dollar. So they're losing money on it I think.
SPEAKER_R: Just keeping it open for like 10 people at a time.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. Like it's basically more of a community service to have it. So I think they actually, you know, spend money on having those pools and they have to have, you know, a lifeguard and everything. So and it costs money to fill the pool. I don't think they're making their money back on them, so I think they're just being cheap.
SPEAKER_R: That's a bummer. Like Wuhan going out there right now.
SPEAKER_L: And supposedly in two days there's one pool in the area that's supposed to open and it's a country club where the trial membership is $600.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of, I thought Charles was supposed to be free. What's that all about?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, like the regular membership is like double that if you want a trial membership, it's $600. It's
SPEAKER_R: That's kindly
SPEAKER_L: country.
SPEAKER_R: that country club. I just, I just pictured the, like the word new york country club is getting such a vivid image. I just put the super posh like upscale thing.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean there's like a golf course around the corner from here and I noticed they stayed open way after everyone else. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Well balkan balkan is one thing that's been open here for a while to which like, I guess that makes sense. You can stay three far apart, but like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean it is in the open air I get that, but like in the worst of it when like things were just crazy and everything was being shut down. Like other states shut down their golf courses, but then we didn't so people were coming from Connecticut and New Jersey to use our golf courses.
SPEAKER_R: sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I just saw their day that your governor, like he announced that list of states are like weren't allowed to have citizens travel in new york. Is that true?
SPEAKER_L: Um No, I don't think so. I think they're supposed to quarantine for 14 days if they come here.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that makes me all actually makes more sense. I don't know if they can restrict like we can't ban another citizen from coming in to go.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. If supposedly if you come here and you don't quarantine for 14 days, you can get a fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See they talked about binds here too. But I feel like everything.
SPEAKER_L: Who's going to catch you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that I'm like, I'm pretty sure they were fined with like wearing masks around here too. But like where I live especially were like on the border of civilization, I would say like I drive two minutes down the road. Even like where I'm at right now, it's like 50% cornfield, but like two minutes away, it's like 99%. There's just nothing. It's like a but so you can imagine that like not many people have been to, I guess like half and half I guess like mass book.
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: if you're not, if you're not like within six ft of people, you don't really need it anyway.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's it. So they can say what they want about like actually having repercussions for it, but it just seems like it's just too much actually trying to force.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well, the way they wrote the rule here was to stay six ft apart from people not in your household. And when you can't say six ft 6 ft apart, then you have to wear the mask. So there's no fine or no, you know, rule or anything for wearing a mask if you're not within six ft of someone not in your household,
SPEAKER_R: But I mean,
SPEAKER_L: which I think makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think that's like meeting people halfway because I know like a lot of people, especially around here, a lot of people are like, I don't see the point at all. Good.
SPEAKER_L: I go hiking, I go hiking around here sometimes and I see like, you know, deer and wild turkeys and wild turkeys are huge. Do you guys have in there?
SPEAKER_R: I've never seen one. No, I don't
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: think we have.
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: have like,
SPEAKER_L: like waist height, they're like little a moose
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I've ever seen. There's so many animals that I've never seen like in real life. Like I just might as well just be like cartoons for me. That's yeah. Are they aggressive?
SPEAKER_L: mm. Um I have heard that they can be, especially in mating season. I have never been attacked by a wild turkey. But um that's actually kind of a funny thing because the males, the toms they get supposedly aggressive around some people in mating season and they think that humans are other turkeys and they assign us genders. Like they think like either that's another male turkey and I'm going to fight it or they're like that's a female turkey and I'm going to hit on her.
SPEAKER_R: So many assumptions in a row for a bird to make.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Right. And Turkey's idea of gender doesn't go anywhere near humans. Idea of gender. Okay. Like
SPEAKER_R: Mm
SPEAKER_L: the turkey is just guessing it's just flipping a coin.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm trying to think of what we have around here, I'm pretty sure not where I'm at at all, but it's pretty light developed. But I think in Illinois if you go into the right spot there's like boar wild boar. That was,
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: those are like, I mean just the word bore sounds aggressive so I can imagine that they're like,
SPEAKER_L: I mean like I know one of the things I know about bora is that if you hunt them with a spear you have to have a guard at the end of your spear because when you impaled them they will try to charge at you and they will like kill you while impaling themselves more.
SPEAKER_R: oh my God that's bishop. I can't, I know one of my brothers friends, he's like hunted boar before and I don't
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: know if this sounds like that sounds like a lot to handle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I have a friend who stayed in Hawaii for a bit and he didn't actually hunt anymore. But he told me that like the pigs in Hawaii have gone feral and they're actually considered an invasive species and they like harm a lot of the local wildlife. So the state of Hawaii has said like if you can kill those wild pigs get as many as you can, like they're just open
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: season on pigs all the time.
SPEAKER_R: that's madness. Yeah. One of my friends he goes to who goes to school in Hawaii so like he just sent me pictures of like chickens running around and it's not like it's a whole other world of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: went I went to hawaii, that's hawaii to Miami Miami florida. Um actually just before all this started in late january, which means I went through laguardia Airport in like january. I I ate at a buffet in the airport, I ate like £7 of buffet food
SPEAKER_R: you know what
SPEAKER_L: quality.
SPEAKER_R: they say, probably had worse diseases than horrible.
SPEAKER_L: right. Like I'm just like amazed that I didn't get it because I know it was there. I know it was in the Guardia. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think like in hindsight because like I know like in terms of like the effects that at least for me, like in Illinois, things started to get real and like that's in mid March. Well like, yeah, it's not like it wasn't there before then like, and I was going to school like and I fully like pledge college campus and stuff, so it's just like, that's exactly the kind of space where it would drive, you know, I worked on, it didn't exactly get to us I guess at that point, but it's just weird like it's been around obviously before, like it really? Uh
SPEAKER_L: right. It is really weird like just trying to like sometimes I look at the numbers and I'm like, well it seems like it's everywhere. But if I look at the actual statistics, like only a few people out of every million have actually gotten, it's like the odds that I've had it, even though I kind of think I might have had a kind of low and then I see that the antibody tests show that it's 10 times more common than our numbers show. Which means like our numbers say we have over two million, so it's over 20 million. Like last I checked like a day or two ago, it's probably higher now, it was like 2.6 million and it would be like 26 million actual. Mhm And that's significant.
SPEAKER_R: That's so, yeah, it's weird because like I would say I'm living at home now, so I personally have been being very careful by the same time, like my parents are even more strict about it than I am, so like their house, their real estate, but even like with like, I'm not trying to be a nay Sayer, but it's just weird, like I still don't know anyone who's gotten there and like seeing people just kind of going about things as normal. So it's just like weird to me because like when I see someone else who's like out and about and I'm just kind of like staying away from everything, I just feel like kind of dumb, you know?
SPEAKER_L: There's someone I know who I can't say for sure whether or not he had it. Um So he's in his seventies um He and his wife both had symptoms, he lost his sense of smell. She was very fatigued and felt sick, she might have been nauseous. I'm not sure. She was also a recent cancer survivor. So they're like, you know high risk there being in their seventies and yeah and they they both got conjunctivitis which is also apparently a symptom and so they went and they got a covid test and they both came back negative. Yeah. And then I was like that's a little weird, like he was actually wondering if it was a false negative because like the loss of you know, sense of smell and then both getting conjunctivitis like that was so classic covid. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Looking at the time my parents were talking about their day and they were talking about the antibody tests, but I'm sure it applies to just like they write it general covid test too. Is that like the certification or approval process for them was so like hands off it was pretty like if you believe that it works been like push it to market because I guess can you spare like they probably figured they couldn't like didn't have the opportunity to be picky. What? Weird. Yeah. But in a case like that where you seem so sure and like my brother was kind of in the same situation where he thought he had a couple months ago and he took a test and it came back negative. It's like okay
SPEAKER_L: But it's like but it doesn't prove anything.
SPEAKER_R: exactly why because people who even have it have gotten like I know I follow a lot of like sports leaves and I know like they're trying to come back and so part of that has been like really strict testing for all the players and it's like they need two consecutive negatives for them to be like sure. Or maybe three, even if they're sick will come back and it's like the regular
SPEAKER_L: I've heard that.
SPEAKER_R: can't get three tests in a row at least. Like probably is less likely to get through testing around. They probably take just for one and say, okay, I guess this is it,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. And I mean it was sort of two tests because it was both him and his wife, they got tested and like if one of them had it, they both had it. But even so they I've heard that the early test in china had a failure rate of around 25% like the 25% false negatives.
SPEAKER_R: It's huge. I go,
SPEAKER_L: Right, Right. And like for comparison um for two right handed people who are carriers of the left handed gene for them to have a left handed child is a 25% chance. And my grandparents on my mom's side are both right handed and they had two Children. My mom and my aunt who were both left handed, so that's your to 25% right there.
SPEAKER_R: are you right handed or left handed?
SPEAKER_L: I'm right handed.
SPEAKER_R: There we go. I feel like left handed kids, I don't actually know anyone. I've talked my head that's left handed. But like if you're around someone who's left handed at least like in grade school growing up, like they would let you know because you're like, oh, look how smart my paper is. Like apparently it's a big struggle. There's a lot of things that left handed left is just kind of shut out of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's kind of true. I mean a lot of lefties learned to be like semi ambidextrous. Um It didn't mess me up a little because my mom taught me how to write as a kid and you know, like I'm trying to copy her, she's doing at the left hand way and I'm like uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, I didn't have a dextrous. I feel like I feel so useless as a person just having a hand. It doesn't work. It's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: that's actually a good thing though, because basically you have limited space in your brain to control the hand and if you spend a lot of energy making your non dominant hand as good as your dominant hand, you actually waste a lot of space in your brain that you could be using for other things.
SPEAKER_R: For real. Okay. I'm glad that I haven't tried that because I've always always sounds like a good idea to me. I've just never had the nerve to follow through.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that I used to think that too, and then I read that and I was like, mm
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's a component that's all I needed to hear to me. I never would have done it. But now that evidence to the contrary, it's like why bother?
SPEAKER_L: no, I don't need to
SPEAKER_R: It's just not.
SPEAKER_L: what I was gonna say, chickens in Miami, I first I went to Miami Beach for the actual vacation part, but I booked my vacation late, so basically to get a cheaper flight, it was actually cheaper to leave in the middle of the week and stay at like a $10 Airbnb for a few nights. So I did that to save
SPEAKER_R: Under
SPEAKER_L: money and I
SPEAKER_R: our baby. A $10. What was that one?
SPEAKER_L: $10 Airbnb.
SPEAKER_R: I found
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: forward.
SPEAKER_L: like a bunk bed with four people
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to a room. So I'm like whatever. I've had worse. I'm gonna have my fun vacation and I'm going to save a few bucks by saying this Airbnb.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think that I respect
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: of course, it's like, you know, in the most ghetto area of Miami because it's a $10 a night every mp, I'm just like going around looking for food. You know, like all right, I'm from Brooklyn. You know, I know how to find a bodega. I can do this. And there's just these chickens just everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: Put it in or out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just like, you know though, why did the chicken cross the road? Well, I could have asked those chickens because they were just like crossing the road.
SPEAKER_R: It's may help. I can't even like, yeah, I've never been here asking like that. Like the only wildlife I'll see around here is like a squirrel sometimes it's like popping out and so like shut up.
SPEAKER_L: I sympathize because when I was growing up in New york City, it was like that since I've moved up here, I moved up here as a teenager, like I've gotten to see so much more wildlife. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I definitely. I would like to have the balance. So you went, you went from the city to like, how far are you from the city now? Are you like pretty far removed?
SPEAKER_L: Like 9100 miles from the city border.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Was that like weird? I feel like because like I feel like as an adult I would like get tired of the city and like go to like somewhere just like more scenic. Like a major, Was that weird like moving to say? I don't know. I feel like people dream of like growing up in new york city. You know like that whole, it's just like a vibe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think growing up in New york city is great if you're rich,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's the nicest.
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't rich. Um I had some adventures, like people laugh about my child because like some of this some of this stuff I did, like I used to climb over these barbed wired fences in Brooklyn to get into junk yards to pet the junk yard dogs as
SPEAKER_R: junkyard
SPEAKER_L: a kid. But
SPEAKER_R: dogs are a real thing.
SPEAKER_L: junkyard dogs are a real thing and their fur is so greasy because they never get washed
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: they're like,
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: know all around cars
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: and oil and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: finally at least because I feel like whenever there pictured in like a movie, they're like vicious. It's like
SPEAKER_L: no, they're just they're they're they're sad lonely puppies, they
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: process.
SPEAKER_L: want a friend, they're
SPEAKER_R: That's all
SPEAKER_L: just like chained up and they're just normal dogs.
SPEAKER_R: incredible.
SPEAKER_L: So it's like, you know, that's a normal dog chained up and it has nothing to do and it's like just lonely and bored. So I was their best friend.
SPEAKER_R: That's so sweet. What a bump or died.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't know if that's a thing anymore. It was a thing in like the early nineties,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He's wondering where can I just see him Like so many cartoons and stuff and I was like, is this? I've never, I've never been to have done 30 years, but almost always. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like there's a big junk yard around here, but there are no junk yard dogs there because it's like no one would really steal from the junk yards around here. Like I have a perfectly functioning bicycle that I can just leave unchained outside of stores and no one will touch it because no one even wants a bicycle here. Like I would have to pay someone to take my bicycle. They be like, I don't have room for that, my garage.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's possible. I've always, I've grown up like in the suburbs, but I went to Chicago like I'm going into my senior year. So like I've been in the city at my school is like, it's got Chicago in the name, which like of course that they had the chance to put it in there. They would. But realistically it's like kind of like on the outskirts of the city. Like it's enough to where they could like, you can pass. But really if you want to get like downtown downtown, it's like a
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: 45.
SPEAKER_L: every cities like that.
SPEAKER_R: it's like an endeavor. But no, I definitely I do find like I'm not one of those people who's like I can't wait till I get out of here and leave the birds and stuff. Like it's nice to have a balance a ball. Like just the fact that they're like, it's a lot harder to see like green, especially in park city I can imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean a tree grows in Brooklyn was like the name of a famous novel because it was like remarkable. It's like we wrote that Trees biography.
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy. No. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It was weird for you like, so you were in new york when things like went down down for real, When did that happen in new york? Because here it was mid March,
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I've been in new york state for years and years and years, but like I haven't been in the to the city that much, just like since I came back from my vacation. But I do take a train that because there's a train that goes um from Grand Central in new york city and it kind of like there's a couple different lines that go into the suburbs around it. And I've taken like the far end of that train just like from one suburb to another. So I was like in the same ecosystem as the commuters.
SPEAKER_R: Oh boy. Yeah, it sounds like that happened to me too. Actually I was the weekend right before I was visiting my brother at school in southern Illinois and I took, you have one of those same trains, like an Amtrak over here. Um And then we find out as I was getting off that train, I was getting a call from her mom and she was like, she was all worried like someone on this train tested positive. Like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: someone on the same train as me. But like someone who passed through the station and like in
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: high
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: touch a mini cans of us like crossing paths or like touching the first tile or something. But like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: at the top
SPEAKER_L: then just like immediately looking at
SPEAKER_R: like I mean come on, just normal things I could on that. I mean over here like realistically Illinois has never been bad compared to like other states have seen it and we are like, we were in like apocalypse mode like with that what it was like three like especially because new york was on the news every day and we're like, oh my God, look it over there. Like what was it like for you?
SPEAKER_L: It was surreal especially since like the worst of it was happening in New york city, which is close enough that like a lot of people who live in this area work in new york city or from new york city or know somebody in new york city or a family there, so it's like we're very entwined with it, but a lot of us also don't go there on a daily basis unless we work there. So it's kind of like this weird buffer around New york city, it's like nothing's really changed here, everything's still quiet, everything's really suburban and normal, but also everything's falling apart and it's the apocalypse so like we didn't even know like how to feel.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's terrible. Like, remember for us, the first, the first like notion of it becoming real for me was uh, our first week back from spring break was, let's say it was like March 10th or something like that, just like ball parking it. So like around when like they started to realize like on a national scale that things were like looking kind of weak. Uh and I went to class that monday and it was a perfectly normal day, Tuesday exact same thing by one day. They're starting to be like whispers of like, oh, they might like, like they're thinking like, covid not really bad. They might send us home for this semester, but it was literally like, like the faintest rumor. And I was like, okay, like that would be at the time. I was like, that doesn't sound so bad. I don't know. I don't know why it's so appealing to me. But I was like, it sounds like they're canceling class. That was pretty much in my mind. It's like early something.
SPEAKER_L: And like the tele learning, it's like, you know, you get to stay home, you know, you get to do it on your own time.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yes. So then thursday came at that point. It went like it escalated so fast. Like we're pretty positive is going to happen and then friday yeah, it's happening. And then then they sent us home and it was just like, it was so abrupt and like just walking through campus that day, like just kind of like trying to check off all the things on my list that I need to take care of before I left. It was so weird because yeah, like you used the word surreal, like exactly the perfect time for it because I was looking around and like people are hugging each other like it's the end of the Cymbalta or something or like the end of a team movie, but like we're doing, I don't know, it's just
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's like,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: different
SPEAKER_L: is that six
SPEAKER_R: global.
SPEAKER_L: ft apart?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's here. Like people on the gut caution was thrown out the window for sure. But yeah, I was so weird. I didn't honestly mind to tell learning that a lot of people have kind of the gripes with it, which I get. Um, just kind of click with me from the start and like, yeah, you save so much time. Like I don't even live in a particularly big campus and I still found myself with like ages of time, just like the little bits between class add up so quickly. I was huge. I couldn't do anything with it, but I was like, at
SPEAKER_L: Ooh,
SPEAKER_R: least I don't have it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, that's good that it was like an easier transition I think. Like for people who like have decent internet access and decent technology and they have like a decent environments where you know, they're not like being interrupted or yelled at or like a lot of noise going on around them. That it's it's not that bad. It's just like it's it's for the people who don't have those things, you know, they don't have the internet access. Like I haven't actually seen it myself, but I've heard that just like in new york, there are kids and like Mcdonald's parking lots because they're trying to use the wifi to do their schoolwork.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Like we're like, look at all the levels below college like. High school, especially in Chicago like I would just wonder how bad it was for some of the schools trying to deal with it like.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, like, like some of those districts, they're basically like, you know, the teachers were realizing that only a small percentage of their kids actually had access and they're like, well, we need to like get them set up now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I guess they had always had like plans, I'm just going off like my little brother, he's in high school right now and his school like they all have plans for like E learning but it's never like at this scale it's never were like it's absolutely mandatory like if if someone were to not have the resources like they'd probably try to hook them up but in like a normal situation it probably won't be a big deal. I have to go from that to like the entire rest of the year is 100% online, like nobody gets ready for that. And so I want to just miserable. Like his classes especially were weird like didn't they never had lectures or anything, They just kind of will find things through like some online portal and there was like, just make sure you do X, y and Z before the end of the week and like that's it. So that's a no less effective.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, and there there's some classes, like some of the sciences where you basically need a lab where you can't do it at home, you know, you need some kind of equipment or it's like, you know, if, if you're doing ceramics, you need to kill or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: One of my friends, yeah, she was, she signed up for a ceramics class next semester and she was, let's just say that she has a lot riding on whether or not they decided to open back up. But at least around here they, they moved to phase for for us, which according to the school, that means that we can have some impersonal lectures. They already said that like just to try and like ease up congestion on campus, they're going to treat like just move some classes along by default. But stuff like ceramics and stuff like they're going to have to figure it out. Like for me, I signed up for in short a piano. I can't imagine how that could be anywhere near possible over zoom. I just want to take it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean, if you have your own piano, maybe you could, but like if you don't have a piano.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I have, you know, I bought a keyboard for myself because I just thought it would be cool to learn. I bought it last summer. I'm okay. Let me just preface this by saying I can be extreme. I wouldn't say I'm a lazy person, but extremely lazy. Maybe that's just me saying I'm lazy without wanting to be mean to myself, but I have this piano here and like I've hardly touched it like at all.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's pretty normal. Like uh it's like, what do they call that? Some kind of purchase? Like uh an aspirational purchase, that's what they call it? Like
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: sound of
SPEAKER_L: somebody
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: wants to learn a thing and they buy what you would get to learn the thing, but then they don't take the time to learn the thing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm glad. I'm glad it's not just me, but I signed up for the class. So I figured like, okay, if I like get introduced to like the structure of how you, because I have no musical background at all, like I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: the same.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I figured like at least I can get an idea of the things I should be doing and then like, I don't know, I've always been better with just like having the structure first and then like having something to build off of, I don't know. So we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I can go either way on that. Like with like whether you need structure or whether you just need to look for yourself in like, especially things I started when I was a kid where I did just throw myself in and I didn't care and I made every mistake. I'm like, I don't need any structure, I'll figure it out. but then like, sometimes, like music is one of the things I'm also like very intimidated about, it's like, you know, I just like, I don't know where to start, I don't even know what anything is, like, I don't I don't even know what, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: No, that's a good way to put it. Yeah, like one of my friends is like super musical to like, he's like going to release an album or something today, he said, and that's just like,
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: that's so beyond Yeah, he plays like all these different instruments and I'm like, that's pretty cool. I don't know, it's just really interesting and like, I don't really, I feel like I've neglected my like creative side of my brain, so I think I'd be good just to explore.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it definitely is good to explore some kind of creativity. Um I've read books saying that like, you know, it basically helps your whole emotional health and you know, intellectual health and everything kind of the same as exercised us, it's
SPEAKER_R: terrible.
SPEAKER_L: just like, you know, be balanced in all the different areas of your life. But yeah, like I think that's the thing where people are intimidated and they want structure because like I've drawn since I was a kid, and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: for me drawing is just like, you just mess around, you just do whatever, you figure it out. You just start making lines and shapes and little turn into something. And if people want to learn to draw, I'm like, okay, just, you know, draw for like 10,000 hours and eventually something good will come out. And they're like, no, I want structure of like, you'll figure it out. The structure will find you eventually. Just bang your head into enough walls.
SPEAKER_R: I think yeah people are just like you don't want to be bad at something even though like they forget that the things they're good at now they were once like you gotta start from ground zero.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah. Like the Children's art, like, have you seen Children's aren't like, they don't know, they're just six. They have to tell you what it's a picture of because it just looks like a scribbled you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But see at that point they don't know any better and they're proud of it because like for them that's good. And then when you become an adult and you're producing Children's art you feel like that about it. But I mean there's no need to be that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean it's it's the same with all different things. And it's like, I think people should be proud that they showed up at all. It's like, you know, No, I suck at this. But I went and I did it like, because the pools are real closed. I took up rollerblading again, which I haven't done since I was 12 years old, and I was bad at it as a 12 year old. So like, I'm not really like, it's not like, you know, riding a bike or whatever words like, oh, you just get back and he's like, no, I was never good at this. That was a long time ago. I'm 35 so it was a long time ago, and like, you know, I'm getting on there and I'm just like, uh, this is very unstable, and of course, because I'm an idiot. I got the coolest looking roller blades
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and they're
SPEAKER_R: after.
SPEAKER_L: not beginner roller blades, they have no brakes. Um They have giant wheels, and they're like three giant wheels, like
SPEAKER_R: Then.
SPEAKER_L: they're they're racing roller blades for people who know what the fuck they're doing?
SPEAKER_R: Really? Oh my gosh. You know what the master that then?
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. And I've actually like, I've gotten a little better at it because it's like, I look like an idiot. I'm just like out there like, you know, falling down in front of people and they're all just like, who's that loser? I'm like, whatever, I'm brave and I got out here, screw you.
SPEAKER_R: Apple. Yeah. I definitely don't like teach like kids or even people in general just like that it's okay to fail or like not be great or something.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. Because it's like, it's not about like never being seen to be bad at something, it's about getting it out there and doing it until you get good at it.
SPEAKER_R: For real. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think there's an adventure time quote about that. It was something like sucking at something is the first step to being really good at something.
SPEAKER_R: That did not get enough credit for just having those moments. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, I mean, what I would do if I had a keyboard probably is just like watch a lot of Youtube videos for beginners. That's what I was doing with the role of waiting. I was just watching Youtube videos for beginners. And first I was getting mad because it's like, you are not breaking this down enough. It does not make sense.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, we just pull up like just roller derby highlights. Okay. Night night foot left foot.
SPEAKER_L: The people who make the videos are all fucking great at it, they're just like dancing on air. They know exactly what they're doing. They could
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: stop time and I'm like, fuck you, you don't understand, you don't have empathy for what it's like to suck as much as I do.
SPEAKER_R: I'd love to be at a point in my life where I'm making rollerblading tutorial videos and just like me
SPEAKER_L: that would
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: of myself
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: that way.
SPEAKER_L: Do you Rollerblade?
SPEAKER_R: I don't I've never I think there's one pair of rollerblades in my house, like always ever had, I don't even know which one of us was a rollerblade. Er I think our parents have got him because like that's a kid thing and that
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was it. But I've always felt intimidated that I was like those things like I know what they could do to me and the consequences of not being leave a little bit like and he coherent with my movements. I don't think I've ever tackled them. But you know what, I've never really thought about it as much as they have today. Anything about tying my hands down.
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: So maybe that's a that could be something to explore. That sounds before
SPEAKER_L: two tips, One
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: flat area. Okay, Because it is hard to stop on those things. Um Actually three tips
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: I think to be fair, I think they're like training wheels type. Like they're right. They're not like the type with like two rows, but well there break, they have brakes. I couldn't enter
SPEAKER_L: Well, they
SPEAKER_R: the people.
SPEAKER_L: don't have brakes, but even with breaks, like the ones I had when I was 12 had breaks and they were still very scary on hills.
SPEAKER_R: The brakes are the things in the front, right or not?
SPEAKER_L: their quads, if they're if they're kind of have like four wheels and two rows, then they do have the brakes in the front, if they're the roller blades instead of the roller skates and they have them all in one line that's in line skates, and then if there is a break, it will be on the back and it's usually just on one ft
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I think the bank makes a lot more sense because I'm just picturing myself trying to stop at the break in the front and it does not
SPEAKER_L: crap.
SPEAKER_R: go well and and he and his heart.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you can with the quad roller skates because having like the four wheels thing, like a car gives you a lot more stability, but on the blades, like you you can't you're just gonna like
SPEAKER_R: I'm like a bastard not over.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. It's the same thing as, I don't know if you ride a bicycle, but like, if you have one with front and rear brakes, you never hit just a front brake because like, the rest of the bike keeps moving. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I was picturing and I'm like uh that's what sounds terrible. Wait, our that was just one, right, let's hit too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um It's easier to stop if you get on some kind of grass or gravel because it's like if you're like, I don't know how to stop, I don't know how to stop. You just like, steer under grass or gravel, and then you can walk and like, that will save your life. And the third one is, I don't know about you, but I remembered from when I was 12 that every time I fell, I didn't fall on my knees, I didn't follow my elbows. I didn't follow my wrist, I fell on my palms because I just went uh and caught myself and apparently you're not supposed to do that, and apparently there's like a better way to fall, but that's what I actually do in the moment of reflex. So instead of all that other protective gear, I never fell on my head, so I don't wear a helmet, like because you just you protect your head reflexively like you try not to hit your head. Um I just wore like these um I think they're biking gloves or something that had like they just cover the palm and not the fingers and they have padding. And when I catch myself on those, I don't get hurt at all. So I've had zero cuts, bruises, injuries, even though I've fallen a bunch of times because I just always fall on my palms.
SPEAKER_R: sparkling record or That sounds, Yeah, that's that's a good plan to me
SPEAKER_L: Mm I mean, obviously the more protective equipment you have the better, but it's also been really hot.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: Like it's been like, you know, 90 degrees in 2000% humidity. And
SPEAKER_R: yep. Same here after.
SPEAKER_L: and you're out in that working up a sweat, you know, doing exercise. And you've got to have all this padding on you and armor. It's like, you know, one of my like a night?
SPEAKER_R: Point yeah, no one's like this thing like that the past week around here just like threatening to rain, but not really and it's just
SPEAKER_L: we just had a storm. We just had 100 right now. So it's coming for you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, okay. You know what, that's a relief because honestly the air like you get out and it's just like heavy and it's just oppressive. Like I'd rather just get over with enjoy myself again.
SPEAKER_L: And that corn probably needs water.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely constantly started. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's that's been a thing here, too. It's just like it was like the driest june. We've had like maybe since forever. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Just got lost in the shuffle of other terrible things going on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That the rain was like we're social distancing.
SPEAKER_R: The rain was like, you know what? You guys have a lot underplay right now. We just
SPEAKER_L: It's like no, we need the water, we need some water. All right. So um I think we've been here for 40 minutes or thereabouts.
SPEAKER_R: thanks. So, yeah, my mom, I think I should go eat dinner now, but what was your name? I ever caught the, I'm christian. It was great to top.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: That was a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you, Sam. But I have a good night. Have a good dinner too.
SPEAKER_R: Take care of you, too.