what's hot?
You hear me okay? I'm a straight my wife because uh oh
yeah, loud and clear, loud and clear.
Yeah, I was saying, yeah, that happened to me. Yeah. The first time I think the first try I get stood up, but if they keep hitting you up to reschedule whatever, so I did that and the second time they were there on time, it was actually pretty
cool. And then this past time yeah, like twice in a row. So I was like, I'm meant to be, but here we are.
Oh, I mean like what do you mean?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I wasn't expecting another one honestly. Maybe I didn't read the fine print close enough, but I didn't know they were gonna do it again, but I would for the first time. So as soon as I saw it pop up again, I was like, yeah,
whatever
by its annoy
I'm glad
you mark through this time.
What's up? Well here I'll tell you what's up? I just got out of uh a virtual escape real which like and more it sounds boiling right you know like. Yeah have you ever done like an escape room like in person I guess?
Yeah exactly. It's pretty much like we'll put you in a room and just like puzzles or whatever you got to solve and then like that's a quote.
Yeah. Yeah it's pretty cool. Um I've only ever done one before
like at all and it was like physically like I was actually there obviously they can't do now so they just switch it up. But there is a lot different because like in person they can lean a lot more like the physical type of puzzles. Like there's definitely things where like you have to like decide for a message or like other stuff like that but there is on the side different buttons to hit in a certain order. I don't know. I feel like that was just interesting because they could switch it up. Whereas like
it was a while ago and I did that. No, we're so I'm in Illinois so we're fully locked down. Yeah. But what I just
did literally all like on google chrome and it was
weird. I didn't I wouldn't say it wasn't fun but it was just like I mean I think the thing about it is that you can only present a puzzle in like so many ways. At least the way they did it where it was just like a bunch of different things to decipher. It was all right. But it's different.
go on. How long were things like easing up was like no, I never really got too bad. Well we like we were locked down pretty hard early on anyway though just because our governor was trying to get ahead of it. Uh and now that we're like doing better relative, I would say we're doing good. I don't know if anyone is doing good in the US, we're doing better relative to other states. Then he's slowly opening things up. So like as far as like his plan goes that he came out with, we've been like crack every time, as far as like scheduling goes. But yeah, it's weird though. I don't feel like we can go into a restaurant and now if you want to, but it just still feels like strange. It must be crazy.
That's so, yeah, they had the same thing over here and it's just like, you can tell they're trying to really maximize like as much parking lot as they can because like I mean for being close for so long as it's gonna be brutal for all the restaurants.
Well,
well,
wanted to play the, it has to be like a liability thing you guys like, I can't think of any other reason. Like could they be blood?
yeah. But isn't it I mean they were, they were achieved, they want to make any money, they can write like what's being closed gonna do? Maybe they were
afraid of being fluid.
Just keeping it open for like 10 people at a time.
That's a bummer. Like Wuhan going out there right now.
What kind of, I thought Charles was supposed to be free. What's that all about?
That's kindly
that country club. I just, I just pictured the, like the word new york country club is getting such a vivid image. I just put the super posh like upscale thing.
Well balkan balkan is one thing that's been open here for a while to which like, I guess that makes sense. You can stay three far apart, but like
sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I just saw their day that your governor, like he announced that list of states are like weren't allowed to have citizens travel in new york. Is that true?
Okay, that makes me all actually makes more sense. I don't know if they can restrict like we can't ban another citizen from coming in to go.
Yeah. See they talked about binds here too. But I feel like everything.
Yeah, that I'm like, I'm pretty sure they were fined with like wearing masks around here too. But like where I live especially were like on the border of civilization, I would say like I drive two minutes down the road. Even like where I'm at right now, it's like 50% cornfield, but like two minutes away, it's like 99%. There's just nothing. It's like a but so you can imagine that like not many people have been to, I guess like half and half I guess like mass book.
Well,
yeah, that's it. So they can say what they want about like actually having repercussions for it, but it just seems like it's just too much actually trying to force.
But I mean,
yeah, I think that's like meeting people halfway because I know like a lot of people, especially around here, a lot of people are like, I don't see the point at all. Good.
I've never seen one. No, I don't
think we have.
We
have like,
I don't think I've ever seen. There's so many animals that I've never seen like in real life. Like I just might as well just be like cartoons for me. That's yeah. Are they aggressive?
So many assumptions in a row for a bird to make.
Mm
Okay. I'm trying to think of what we have around here, I'm pretty sure not where I'm at at all, but it's pretty light developed. But I think in Illinois if you go into the right spot there's like boar wild boar. That was,
those are like, I mean just the word bore sounds aggressive so I can imagine that they're like,
oh my God that's bishop. I can't, I know one of my brothers friends, he's like hunted boar before and I don't
know if this sounds like that sounds like a lot to handle.
but
that's madness. Yeah. One of my friends he goes to who goes to school in Hawaii so like he just sent me pictures of like chickens running around and it's not like it's a whole other world of
course.
you know what
they say, probably had worse diseases than horrible.
I think like in hindsight because like I know like in terms of like the effects that at least for me, like in Illinois, things started to get real and like that's in mid March. Well like, yeah, it's not like it wasn't there before then like, and I was going to school like and I fully like pledge college campus and stuff, so it's just like, that's exactly the kind of space where it would drive, you know, I worked on, it didn't exactly get to us I guess at that point, but it's just weird like it's been around obviously before, like it really? Uh
That's so, yeah, it's weird because like I would say I'm living at home now, so I personally have been being very careful by the same time, like my parents are even more strict about it than I am, so like their house, their real estate, but even like with like, I'm not trying to be a nay Sayer, but it's just weird, like I still don't know anyone who's gotten there and like seeing people just kind of going about things as normal. So it's just like weird to me because like when I see someone else who's like out and about and I'm just kind of like staying away from everything, I just feel like kind of dumb, you know?
Yeah. Looking at the time my parents were talking about their day and they were talking about the antibody tests, but I'm sure it applies to just like they write it general covid test too. Is that like the certification or approval process for them was so like hands off it was pretty like if you believe that it works been like push it to market because I guess can you spare like they probably figured they couldn't like didn't have the opportunity to be picky. What? Weird. Yeah. But in a case like that where you seem so sure and like my brother was kind of in the same situation where he thought he had a couple months ago and he took a test and it came back negative. It's like okay
exactly why because people who even have it have gotten like I know I follow a lot of like sports leaves and I know like they're trying to come back and so part of that has been like really strict testing for all the players and it's like they need two consecutive negatives for them to be like sure. Or maybe three, even if they're sick will come back and it's like the regular
can't get three tests in a row at least. Like probably is less likely to get through testing around. They probably take just for one and say, okay, I guess this is it,
It's huge. I go,
are you right handed or left handed?
There we go. I feel like left handed kids, I don't actually know anyone. I've talked my head that's left handed. But like if you're around someone who's left handed at least like in grade school growing up, like they would let you know because you're like, oh, look how smart my paper is. Like apparently it's a big struggle. There's a lot of things that left handed left is just kind of shut out of.
Yeah. Oh, I didn't have a dextrous. I feel like I feel so useless as a person just having a hand. It doesn't work. It's for sure.
For real. Okay. I'm glad that I haven't tried that because I've always always sounds like a good idea to me. I've just never had the nerve to follow through.
You know, it's a component that's all I needed to hear to me. I never would have done it. But now that evidence to the contrary, it's like why bother?
It's just not.
Under
our baby. A $10. What was that one?
I found
forward.
What?
I don't think that I respect
that.
Put it in or out.
It's may help. I can't even like, yeah, I've never been here asking like that. Like the only wildlife I'll see around here is like a squirrel sometimes it's like popping out and so like shut up.
I definitely. I would like to have the balance. So you went, you went from the city to like, how far are you from the city now? Are you like pretty far removed?
Okay. Was that like weird? I feel like because like I feel like as an adult I would like get tired of the city and like go to like somewhere just like more scenic. Like a major, Was that weird like moving to say? I don't know. I feel like people dream of like growing up in new york city. You know like that whole, it's just like a vibe.
Yeah. That's the nicest.
junkyard
dogs are a real thing.
And
there
is
no,
I am
finally at least because I feel like whenever there pictured in like a movie, they're like vicious. It's like
the
process.
That's all
incredible.
That's so sweet. What a bump or died.
Yeah. He's wondering where can I just see him Like so many cartoons and stuff and I was like, is this? I've never, I've never been to have done 30 years, but almost always. Yeah.
Oh, it's possible. I've always, I've grown up like in the suburbs, but I went to Chicago like I'm going into my senior year. So like I've been in the city at my school is like, it's got Chicago in the name, which like of course that they had the chance to put it in there. They would. But realistically it's like kind of like on the outskirts of the city. Like it's enough to where they could like, you can pass. But really if you want to get like downtown downtown, it's like a
45.
it's like an endeavor. But no, I definitely I do find like I'm not one of those people who's like I can't wait till I get out of here and leave the birds and stuff. Like it's nice to have a balance a ball. Like just the fact that they're like, it's a lot harder to see like green, especially in park city I can imagine.
that's crazy. No. Mhm.
It was weird for you like, so you were in new york when things like went down down for real, When did that happen in new york? Because here it was mid March,
Oh boy. Yeah, it sounds like that happened to me too. Actually I was the weekend right before I was visiting my brother at school in southern Illinois and I took, you have one of those same trains, like an Amtrak over here. Um And then we find out as I was getting off that train, I was getting a call from her mom and she was like, she was all worried like someone on this train tested positive. Like
someone on the same train as me. But like someone who passed through the station and like in
high
touch a mini cans of us like crossing paths or like touching the first tile or something. But like
at the top
like I mean come on, just normal things I could on that. I mean over here like realistically Illinois has never been bad compared to like other states have seen it and we are like, we were in like apocalypse mode like with that what it was like three like especially because new york was on the news every day and we're like, oh my God, look it over there. Like what was it like for you?
Yeah. It's terrible. Like, remember for us, the first, the first like notion of it becoming real for me was uh, our first week back from spring break was, let's say it was like March 10th or something like that, just like ball parking it. So like around when like they started to realize like on a national scale that things were like looking kind of weak. Uh and I went to class that monday and it was a perfectly normal day, Tuesday exact same thing by one day. They're starting to be like whispers of like, oh, they might like, like they're thinking like, covid not really bad. They might send us home for this semester, but it was literally like, like the faintest rumor. And I was like, okay, like that would be at the time. I was like, that doesn't sound so bad. I don't know. I don't know why it's so appealing to me. But I was like, it sounds like they're canceling class. That was pretty much in my mind. It's like early something.
Yes. Yes. So then thursday came at that point. It went like it escalated so fast. Like we're pretty positive is going to happen and then friday yeah, it's happening. And then then they sent us home and it was just like, it was so abrupt and like just walking through campus that day, like just kind of like trying to check off all the things on my list that I need to take care of before I left. It was so weird because yeah, like you used the word surreal, like exactly the perfect time for it because I was looking around and like people are hugging each other like it's the end of the Cymbalta or something or like the end of a team movie, but like we're doing, I don't know, it's just
or
different
global.
Yeah, that's here. Like people on the gut caution was thrown out the window for sure. But yeah, I was so weird. I didn't honestly mind to tell learning that a lot of people have kind of the gripes with it, which I get. Um, just kind of click with me from the start and like, yeah, you save so much time. Like I don't even live in a particularly big campus and I still found myself with like ages of time, just like the little bits between class add up so quickly. I was huge. I couldn't do anything with it, but I was like, at
least I don't have it.
No. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Like we're like, look at all the levels below college like. High school, especially in Chicago like I would just wonder how bad it was for some of the schools trying to deal with it like.
Yeah. I guess they had always had like plans, I'm just going off like my little brother, he's in high school right now and his school like they all have plans for like E learning but it's never like at this scale it's never were like it's absolutely mandatory like if if someone were to not have the resources like they'd probably try to hook them up but in like a normal situation it probably won't be a big deal. I have to go from that to like the entire rest of the year is 100% online, like nobody gets ready for that. And so I want to just miserable. Like his classes especially were weird like didn't they never had lectures or anything, They just kind of will find things through like some online portal and there was like, just make sure you do X, y and Z before the end of the week and like that's it. So that's a no less effective.
One of my friends, yeah, she was, she signed up for a ceramics class next semester and she was, let's just say that she has a lot riding on whether or not they decided to open back up. But at least around here they, they moved to phase for for us, which according to the school, that means that we can have some impersonal lectures. They already said that like just to try and like ease up congestion on campus, they're going to treat like just move some classes along by default. But stuff like ceramics and stuff like they're going to have to figure it out. Like for me, I signed up for in short a piano. I can't imagine how that could be anywhere near possible over zoom. I just want to take it.
Okay. I have, you know, I bought a keyboard for myself because I just thought it would be cool to learn. I bought it last summer. I'm okay. Let me just preface this by saying I can be extreme. I wouldn't say I'm a lazy person, but extremely lazy. Maybe that's just me saying I'm lazy without wanting to be mean to myself, but I have this piano here and like I've hardly touched it like at all.
The
sound of
that.
Okay. I'm glad. I'm glad it's not just me, but I signed up for the class. So I figured like, okay, if I like get introduced to like the structure of how you, because I have no musical background at all, like I
can
yeah, so I figured like at least I can get an idea of the things I should be doing and then like, I don't know, I've always been better with just like having the structure first and then like having something to build off of, I don't know. So we'll see.
No, that's a good way to put it. Yeah, like one of my friends is like super musical to like, he's like going to release an album or something today, he said, and that's just like,
that's so beyond Yeah, he plays like all these different instruments and I'm like, that's pretty cool. I don't know, it's just really interesting and like, I don't really, I feel like I've neglected my like creative side of my brain, so I think I'd be good just to explore.
terrible.
No.
I think yeah people are just like you don't want to be bad at something even though like they forget that the things they're good at now they were once like you gotta start from ground zero.
Yeah. But see at that point they don't know any better and they're proud of it because like for them that's good. And then when you become an adult and you're producing Children's art you feel like that about it. But I mean there's no need to be that way. Yeah.
And
after.
Then.
Really? Oh my gosh. You know what the master that then?
Apple. Yeah. I definitely don't like teach like kids or even people in general just like that it's okay to fail or like not be great or something.
For real. Yeah.
That did not get enough credit for just having those moments. Yeah.
Okay, we just pull up like just roller derby highlights. Okay. Night night foot left foot.
What?
I'd love to be at a point in my life where I'm making rollerblading tutorial videos and just like me
lot
of myself
that way.
I don't I've never I think there's one pair of rollerblades in my house, like always ever had, I don't even know which one of us was a rollerblade. Er I think our parents have got him because like that's a kid thing and that
was it. But I've always felt intimidated that I was like those things like I know what they could do to me and the consequences of not being leave a little bit like and he coherent with my movements. I don't think I've ever tackled them. But you know what, I've never really thought about it as much as they have today. Anything about tying my hands down.
So maybe that's a that could be something to explore. That sounds before
with
Well,
I think to be fair, I think they're like training wheels type. Like they're right. They're not like the type with like two rows, but well there break, they have brakes. I couldn't enter
the people.
The brakes are the things in the front, right or not?
Okay. I think the bank makes a lot more sense because I'm just picturing myself trying to stop at the break in the front and it does not
go well and and he and his heart.
I'm like a bastard not over.
that's what I was picturing and I'm like uh that's what sounds terrible. Wait, our that was just one, right, let's hit too.
sparkling record or That sounds, Yeah, that's that's a good plan to me
and
yep. Same here after.
Point yeah, no one's like this thing like that the past week around here just like threatening to rain, but not really and it's just
Oh yeah, okay. You know what, that's a relief because honestly the air like you get out and it's just like heavy and it's just oppressive. Like I'd rather just get over with enjoy myself again.
Absolutely constantly started. Yeah,
huh
Just got lost in the shuffle of other terrible things going on.
The rain was like, you know what? You guys have a lot underplay right now. We just
thanks. So, yeah, my mom, I think I should go eat dinner now, but what was your name? I ever caught the, I'm christian. It was great to top.
That was a lot of fun.
Take care of you, too.