Okay. Mhm. Ah Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Stop. Oh, this morning. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Question yeah. Thanks. Yeah, wow. Thank you. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, mysterious. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi.
Mm.
Okay. Good. Yeah, I did this once before and got completely stood up. How about you?
No.
Yeah. Um So they actually have, you have more than one conversation? I didn't know that.
Like after you did your last conversation, they rescheduled you for another one.
fucking
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Um This is the first time I've actually connected with someone, I think a couple of months ago they tried to run like um an early version of this, I think it was the same people, it looks like kind of the same interface but it had a lot of bugs and I just like couldn't connect to anyone.
Yeah, so they basically messaged me that they were going to rework it and try it again later, so I guess they did because
it works.
Mhm Yeah, so what's up?
um Oh yeah, yeah, like the hidden object type of thing, like we have to escape from the room.
I know what those are,
but
that is really cool, you must be like from the land without lockdown,
I
look,
Yeah, that, that actually sounds really cool, I don't know if we have those around here, I'm in new york state, so we've been in lockdown since March and it's just ongoing.
yeah, they actually um I'm in the, like one of the county's like just north of New york city and we actually recently entered phase three. So now we like, apparently there's a little bit of indoor dining. I know I've seen outdoor dining where they have like the tables six ft apart outdoors.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like not everyone even has space for it,
but,
but yeah, I know that um I'm really pissed about the pool's not opening because it says in the reopening guidelines that outdoor pools can reopen in phase three. So we're actually cleared. But the pools around here, the outdoor ones are run by the county and they just decided to not open the middle for 2020 even though they can. Yes,
I think they're just cheap. I think they're just cheap.
well,
they don't make a lot of money on those pools. Like you can go there and do a lap swim for a dollar. So they're losing money on it I think.
Right, right. Like it's basically more of a community service to have it. So I think they actually, you know, spend money on having those pools and they have to have, you know, a lifeguard and everything. So and it costs money to fill the pool. I don't think they're making their money back on them, so I think they're just being cheap.
And supposedly in two days there's one pool in the area that's supposed to open and it's a country club where the trial membership is $600.
No, no, like the regular membership is like double that if you want a trial membership, it's $600. It's
country.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean there's like a golf course around the corner from here and I noticed they stayed open way after everyone else. Mm.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it is in the open air I get that, but like in the worst of it when like things were just crazy and everything was being shut down. Like other states shut down their golf courses, but then we didn't so people were coming from Connecticut and New Jersey to use our golf courses.
Um No, I don't think so. I think they're supposed to quarantine for 14 days if they come here.
Right, right. If supposedly if you come here and you don't quarantine for 14 days, you can get a fine.
Who's going to catch you?
I mean
if you're not, if you're not like within six ft of people, you don't really need it anyway.
Right. Well, the way they wrote the rule here was to stay six ft apart from people not in your household. And when you can't say six ft 6 ft apart, then you have to wear the mask. So there's no fine or no, you know, rule or anything for wearing a mask if you're not within six ft of someone not in your household,
which I think makes sense.
I go hiking, I go hiking around here sometimes and I see like, you know, deer and wild turkeys and wild turkeys are huge. Do you guys have in there?
They're
like,
they're
like waist height, they're like little a moose
mm. Um I have heard that they can be, especially in mating season. I have never been attacked by a wild turkey. But um that's actually kind of a funny thing because the males, the toms they get supposedly aggressive around some people in mating season and they think that humans are other turkeys and they assign us genders. Like they think like either that's another male turkey and I'm going to fight it or they're like that's a female turkey and I'm going to hit on her.
All right. Right. And Turkey's idea of gender doesn't go anywhere near humans. Idea of gender. Okay. Like
the turkey is just guessing it's just flipping a coin.
that's cool.
I mean like I know one of the things I know about bora is that if you hunt them with a spear you have to have a guard at the end of your spear because when you impaled them they will try to charge at you and they will like kill you while impaling themselves more.
Look.
Yeah. Yeah. I have a friend who stayed in Hawaii for a bit and he didn't actually hunt anymore. But he told me that like the pigs in Hawaii have gone feral and they're actually considered an invasive species and they like harm a lot of the local wildlife. So the state of Hawaii has said like if you can kill those wild pigs get as many as you can, like they're just open
season on pigs all the time.
I
went I went to hawaii, that's hawaii to Miami Miami florida. Um actually just before all this started in late january, which means I went through laguardia Airport in like january. I I ate at a buffet in the airport, I ate like £7 of buffet food
quality.
right. Like I'm just like amazed that I didn't get it because I know it was there. I know it was in the Guardia. Yeah.
right. It is really weird like just trying to like sometimes I look at the numbers and I'm like, well it seems like it's everywhere. But if I look at the actual statistics, like only a few people out of every million have actually gotten, it's like the odds that I've had it, even though I kind of think I might have had a kind of low and then I see that the antibody tests show that it's 10 times more common than our numbers show. Which means like our numbers say we have over two million, so it's over 20 million. Like last I checked like a day or two ago, it's probably higher now, it was like 2.6 million and it would be like 26 million actual. Mhm And that's significant.
There's someone I know who I can't say for sure whether or not he had it. Um So he's in his seventies um He and his wife both had symptoms, he lost his sense of smell. She was very fatigued and felt sick, she might have been nauseous. I'm not sure. She was also a recent cancer survivor. So they're like, you know high risk there being in their seventies and yeah and they they both got conjunctivitis which is also apparently a symptom and so they went and they got a covid test and they both came back negative. Yeah. And then I was like that's a little weird, like he was actually wondering if it was a false negative because like the loss of you know, sense of smell and then both getting conjunctivitis like that was so classic covid. Uh
But it's like but it doesn't prove anything.
I've heard that.
Right. Right. And I mean it was sort of two tests because it was both him and his wife, they got tested and like if one of them had it, they both had it. But even so they I've heard that the early test in china had a failure rate of around 25% like the 25% false negatives.
Right, Right. And like for comparison um for two right handed people who are carriers of the left handed gene for them to have a left handed child is a 25% chance. And my grandparents on my mom's side are both right handed and they had two Children. My mom and my aunt who were both left handed, so that's your to 25% right there.
I'm right handed.
Yeah, it's it's kind of true. I mean a lot of lefties learned to be like semi ambidextrous. Um It didn't mess me up a little because my mom taught me how to write as a kid and you know, like I'm trying to copy her, she's doing at the left hand way and I'm like uh
that's actually a good thing though, because basically you have limited space in your brain to control the hand and if you spend a lot of energy making your non dominant hand as good as your dominant hand, you actually waste a lot of space in your brain that you could be using for other things.
Yeah, that I used to think that too, and then I read that and I was like, mm
no, I don't need to
what I was gonna say, chickens in Miami, I first I went to Miami Beach for the actual vacation part, but I booked my vacation late, so basically to get a cheaper flight, it was actually cheaper to leave in the middle of the week and stay at like a $10 Airbnb for a few nights. So I did that to save
money and I
$10 Airbnb.
It was
like a bunk bed with four people
to a room. So I'm like whatever. I've had worse. I'm gonna have my fun vacation and I'm going to save a few bucks by saying this Airbnb.
And
of course, it's like, you know, in the most ghetto area of Miami because it's a $10 a night every mp, I'm just like going around looking for food. You know, like all right, I'm from Brooklyn. You know, I know how to find a bodega. I can do this. And there's just these chickens just everywhere.
Yeah. Just like, you know though, why did the chicken cross the road? Well, I could have asked those chickens because they were just like crossing the road.
I sympathize because when I was growing up in New york City, it was like that since I've moved up here, I moved up here as a teenager, like I've gotten to see so much more wildlife. Yeah.
Like 9100 miles from the city border.
Yeah, I think growing up in New york city is great if you're rich,
I wasn't rich. Um I had some adventures, like people laugh about my child because like some of this some of this stuff I did, like I used to climb over these barbed wired fences in Brooklyn to get into junk yards to pet the junk yard dogs as
a kid. But
junkyard dogs are a real thing and their fur is so greasy because they never get washed
and
they're like,
you
know all around cars
and oil and stuff.
no, they're just they're they're they're sad lonely puppies, they
just
want a friend, they're
just like chained up and they're just normal dogs.
So it's like, you know, that's a normal dog chained up and it has nothing to do and it's like just lonely and bored. So I was their best friend.
Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't know if that's a thing anymore. It was a thing in like the early nineties,
Like there's a big junk yard around here, but there are no junk yard dogs there because it's like no one would really steal from the junk yards around here. Like I have a perfectly functioning bicycle that I can just leave unchained outside of stores and no one will touch it because no one even wants a bicycle here. Like I would have to pay someone to take my bicycle. They be like, I don't have room for that, my garage.
yeah,
every cities like that.
Oh yeah. I mean a tree grows in Brooklyn was like the name of a famous novel because it was like remarkable. It's like we wrote that Trees biography.
Yeah.
Um Well I've been in new york state for years and years and years, but like I haven't been in the to the city that much, just like since I came back from my vacation. But I do take a train that because there's a train that goes um from Grand Central in new york city and it kind of like there's a couple different lines that go into the suburbs around it. And I've taken like the far end of that train just like from one suburb to another. So I was like in the same ecosystem as the commuters.
and
I'm
gonna
and
then just like immediately looking at
It was surreal especially since like the worst of it was happening in New york city, which is close enough that like a lot of people who live in this area work in new york city or from new york city or know somebody in new york city or a family there, so it's like we're very entwined with it, but a lot of us also don't go there on a daily basis unless we work there. So it's kind of like this weird buffer around New york city, it's like nothing's really changed here, everything's still quiet, everything's really suburban and normal, but also everything's falling apart and it's the apocalypse so like we didn't even know like how to feel.
And like the tele learning, it's like, you know, you get to stay home, you know, you get to do it on your own time.
Right. It's like,
but
is that six
ft apart?
Ooh,
yeah, yeah, that's good that it was like an easier transition I think. Like for people who like have decent internet access and decent technology and they have like a decent environments where you know, they're not like being interrupted or yelled at or like a lot of noise going on around them. That it's it's not that bad. It's just like it's it's for the people who don't have those things, you know, they don't have the internet access. Like I haven't actually seen it myself, but I've heard that just like in new york, there are kids and like Mcdonald's parking lots because they're trying to use the wifi to do their schoolwork.
Oh yeah, like, like some of those districts, they're basically like, you know, the teachers were realizing that only a small percentage of their kids actually had access and they're like, well, we need to like get them set up now. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, and there there's some classes, like some of the sciences where you basically need a lab where you can't do it at home, you know, you need some kind of equipment or it's like, you know, if, if you're doing ceramics, you need to kill or whatever.
Right. I mean, if you have your own piano, maybe you could, but like if you don't have a piano.
I think that's pretty normal. Like uh it's like, what do they call that? Some kind of purchase? Like uh an aspirational purchase, that's what they call it? Like
when
somebody
wants to learn a thing and they buy what you would get to learn the thing, but then they don't take the time to learn the thing.
All
the same.
I feel like I can go either way on that. Like with like whether you need structure or whether you just need to look for yourself in like, especially things I started when I was a kid where I did just throw myself in and I didn't care and I made every mistake. I'm like, I don't need any structure, I'll figure it out. but then like, sometimes, like music is one of the things I'm also like very intimidated about, it's like, you know, I just like, I don't know where to start, I don't even know what anything is, like, I don't I don't even know what, I don't know.
that's cool.
Oh, it definitely is good to explore some kind of creativity. Um I've read books saying that like, you know, it basically helps your whole emotional health and you know, intellectual health and everything kind of the same as exercised us, it's
just like, you know, be balanced in all the different areas of your life. But yeah, like I think that's the thing where people are intimidated and they want structure because like I've drawn since I was a kid, and
for me drawing is just like, you just mess around, you just do whatever, you figure it out. You just start making lines and shapes and little turn into something. And if people want to learn to draw, I'm like, okay, just, you know, draw for like 10,000 hours and eventually something good will come out. And they're like, no, I want structure of like, you'll figure it out. The structure will find you eventually. Just bang your head into enough walls.
Oh my God. Yeah. Like the Children's art, like, have you seen Children's aren't like, they don't know, they're just six. They have to tell you what it's a picture of because it just looks like a scribbled you.
Yeah. I mean it's it's the same with all different things. And it's like, I think people should be proud that they showed up at all. It's like, you know, No, I suck at this. But I went and I did it like, because the pools are real closed. I took up rollerblading again, which I haven't done since I was 12 years old, and I was bad at it as a 12 year old. So like, I'm not really like, it's not like, you know, riding a bike or whatever words like, oh, you just get back and he's like, no, I was never good at this. That was a long time ago. I'm 35 so it was a long time ago, and like, you know, I'm getting on there and I'm just like, uh, this is very unstable, and of course, because I'm an idiot. I got the coolest looking roller blades
and they're
not beginner roller blades, they have no brakes. Um They have giant wheels, and they're like three giant wheels, like
they're they're racing roller blades for people who know what the fuck they're doing?
Right, right. And I've actually like, I've gotten a little better at it because it's like, I look like an idiot. I'm just like out there like, you know, falling down in front of people and they're all just like, who's that loser? I'm like, whatever, I'm brave and I got out here, screw you.
Right, right. Because it's like, it's not about like never being seen to be bad at something, it's about getting it out there and doing it until you get good at it.
I think there's an adventure time quote about that. It was something like sucking at something is the first step to being really good at something.
Yeah. So, I mean, what I would do if I had a keyboard probably is just like watch a lot of Youtube videos for beginners. That's what I was doing with the role of waiting. I was just watching Youtube videos for beginners. And first I was getting mad because it's like, you are not breaking this down enough. It does not make sense.
The people who make the videos are all fucking great at it, they're just like dancing on air. They know exactly what they're doing. They could
stop time and I'm like, fuck you, you don't understand, you don't have empathy for what it's like to suck as much as I do.
that would
be
great.
Do you Rollerblade?
What?
This
two tips, One
flat area. Okay, Because it is hard to stop on those things. Um Actually three tips
to
Well, they
don't have brakes, but even with breaks, like the ones I had when I was 12 had breaks and they were still very scary on hills.
their quads, if they're if they're kind of have like four wheels and two rows, then they do have the brakes in the front, if they're the roller blades instead of the roller skates and they have them all in one line that's in line skates, and then if there is a break, it will be on the back and it's usually just on one ft
crap.
Yeah, you can with the quad roller skates because having like the four wheels thing, like a car gives you a lot more stability, but on the blades, like you you can't you're just gonna like
Right, right. It's the same thing as, I don't know if you ride a bicycle, but like, if you have one with front and rear brakes, you never hit just a front brake because like, the rest of the bike keeps moving. Yeah.
Yeah. Um It's easier to stop if you get on some kind of grass or gravel because it's like if you're like, I don't know how to stop, I don't know how to stop. You just like, steer under grass or gravel, and then you can walk and like, that will save your life. And the third one is, I don't know about you, but I remembered from when I was 12 that every time I fell, I didn't fall on my knees, I didn't follow my elbows. I didn't follow my wrist, I fell on my palms because I just went uh and caught myself and apparently you're not supposed to do that, and apparently there's like a better way to fall, but that's what I actually do in the moment of reflex. So instead of all that other protective gear, I never fell on my head, so I don't wear a helmet, like because you just you protect your head reflexively like you try not to hit your head. Um I just wore like these um I think they're biking gloves or something that had like they just cover the palm and not the fingers and they have padding. And when I catch myself on those, I don't get hurt at all. So I've had zero cuts, bruises, injuries, even though I've fallen a bunch of times because I just always fall on my palms.
Mm I mean, obviously the more protective equipment you have the better, but it's also been really hot.
Like it's been like, you know, 90 degrees in 2000% humidity. And
and you're out in that working up a sweat, you know, doing exercise. And you've got to have all this padding on you and armor. It's like, you know, one of my like a night?
we just had a storm. We just had 100 right now. So it's coming for you.
And that corn probably needs water.
Yeah. That's that's been a thing here, too. It's just like it was like the driest june. We've had like maybe since forever. Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That the rain was like we're social distancing.
It's like no, we need the water, we need some water. All right. So um I think we've been here for 40 minutes or thereabouts.
to meet you.
Thank you, Sam. But I have a good night. Have a good dinner too.