Okay. Mm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, Good morning. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mhm Yeah. Mhm
Hello?
I'm doing well. How are you today?
Can
you hear me okay?
Yes, I can.
this is interesting. So
we
Yeah, this is, this is really, this is the first time I've ever, I just started like answering surveys recently, so I'm not too familiar with it and this is the first time I have participated in anything like this. Yeah. Yeah.
So,
go ahead.
My name is Jazz,
Jazz and legislative.
Yeah, Yeah. Yeahs and jen were nice
to meet you. Just, yeah,
I live in Arizona. Yeah,
that's
How do you like, are you from that area? Are you from Kentucky?
is the weather like right now?
Yes, hot and dry. It's probably about 100 degrees outside right now.
Maybe, maybe 95 but it was like 1 10 yesterday. I'm not originally from Arizona, so I'm still getting used to the summers here. It's yeah, a little hot. Yeah.
Yeah, that is nice. I've moved here at the end of november, I was living in Costa rica and it's
very,
yeah, I'm from the US, but I lived in Costa rica for like a year and a half and then I came back and it's like so different because it's like very humid and there's lots of green everywhere and in here it's very dry and not a lot of trees or vegetation, so it's a little bit of an adjustment. Yeah.
Yeah,
So
you're
Okay. Well yeah, there's, I mean the desert has its own kind of beauty, like there's the Grand Canyon or the red rocks of Sedona. I mean it's really cool. I, I appreciate it. But yeah, when it's 100 and 10 degrees, it doesn't matter if it's a dry
heat
or not, it's just hot. Uh huh.
So cool.
I had always wanted to live abroad. You know that I've always been in the back of my mind and I just I was at a place in my life where I needed to make some changes and I was chatting with someone it was a neighbor of mine on over the computer. And she was saying well yeah I'm going to, we never actually met, it was like have you ever heard of a neighbor? What is it? Anyways it was this website for neighbors. I don't remember what it was called neighborhood dot com or something like that. And she was saying that she was a teacher for a really long time but she was retiring and going to Costa rica to teach english. So I started thinking about that and researching it and I ended up going to Costa rica and
it was, I enjoyed it very much. Um but my health I have an auto immune disease and I needed to come back to the United States to start taking some medication and yeah. Yeah.
In total I was there for about a year and a half. Yeah. Yeah.
No, no I didn't know anybody and I got to meet people and it was cool. It was a total adventure and I got to learn a little spanish. I'm not fluid by any means. But yeah it was it was a beautiful country if you can ever go you ever want to travel to like that area. Central America.
Um I highly recommend it. Nice people. Yeah very very pretty. Uh it's very tropical down there so. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh do you have kids? How many
kids
do you have?
11 important. That's a big age difference
like.
definitely.
But
Once you go, you realize that we're all pretty much the same. You know, I mean the language and customs might be different, but I don't know. It just caused me to realize that it's not that I had a lot more fears than when I actually did it. And then I was like, oh that's not a big deal. Yeah. Yeah. But
do your daughters get along? I mean that's a big age difference
for them? Yeah.
Sure.
Well they're around each other all the time. Yeah.
So are they
going to school right now? I mean are
they because it's summer,
Did it? Yeah, there wasn't like a lot of assignments to give her and Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well
so
are oh go ahead, what are you gonna say?
That's
So as of yesterday I believe everybody has to wear a mask but we were one of the earlier states to reopen and I don't think, I think that was probably not a good idea because it seems like we have a lot of cases now um but there's the stores are open um as far as I know, businesses are open. Uh we reopened a lot of things and up until recently or like hardly anybody was wearing a mask. So I think it's kind of a good thing that you know, it is a good thing that were being made to wear masks
now. Yeah. Yeah.
totally yeah. Uh
so how are how do you, you're you're from Kentucky originally so yeah
yeah are you do you live in this big city or do you live in a small, Yeah.
All
well how is
life living on a farm, like what was
that
like?
how cool, I've always wanted to learn to go to ride a horse, that's really cool. Yeah.
What
kind
of like does she help milk them? I mean what does she do with the animals?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well
that
is,
Oh yeah, he's like how do you make them want to go? Yeah.
Yeah that I am sure the technology technology has changed so much and I'm sure
farming is no exception. Yeah wow.
And how do they have like a small farm or is it a larger firm?
Okay. Yeah that's that sounds pretty big to
me.
Mhm.
it sounds
like
it would be hard, it sounds like it would be really cool like I thought of like oh god I want to just leave everything and go work on a farm, like I want to grow vegetables or something but I'm sure it's probably hard life too. Right, I mean it seems like it
would be a lot of work.
No I was born
Yeah I was born and raised in California so I have lived, yeah that's where I lived the majority of my life but I would spend summers in Arizona because I have my aunt, my uncle, my cousins, uh my grandparents who unfortunately they passed away but everybody had lived here in Arizona so I would come visit in the summer um and I never remember it being hot back then when we were kids we just go running around outside.
Yeah. So yeah but I'm from California and I don't know I don't know if I'm going to stay here. My mom is here so that's wonderful because we're like we're good friends but I don't really I don't know there's a lot that I'd rather live somewhere else so I don't know I'll see how long I'm here. Yeah. Yeah
I would like to try somewhere new you know I've lived in California long time I'd like to try somewhere maybe back east. You know I've never lived in snow. I would like to just experience that, see what it's like. Yeah mm
My aunt and uncle have a cabin and it snows there but not a lot you know they'll get like a few inches of snow at a time so I don't know maybe the reality of it is very different than I probably have romanticizing it but I'm thinking
I have to dig snow every day. It might not be as fun but but I like it I do like cold weather. I prefer cold much more to the heat. Yeah. Yeah. Does it get
cold where you? I'm so sorry I don't know much about the Kentucky landscape. Does it get cold in
the,
Oh yeah that's pretty cool. Yeah.
so it gets
Well
Yeah I see.
it's not
so
bad.
Yeah. Yeah. So so what do you like to do in your free time do you?
It's
pretty
time
two kids and
a family and
me
too.
Yeah that's your passion.
Oh my God you used to teach
that's pretty exciting.
You know that kind of changed everything.
Something you enjoy
exercise.
Yeah it's so good for mental health. Yeah. Yeah
Well can you like go for a walk because that's what I do. I go for walks around the neighborhood I mean can you?
But it's less
inviting.
Yeah it's less comfortable. Yeah.
I'm just gonna stay and where it's nice and more. Yeah. Yeah I I can relate and I started feeling kind of depressed you know and I was like I have to get out of the house you know it was when everything was shut down and I'm like so I make up a point I wake up at like four a.m. Because it gets hot here super fast and I have some coffee and then I go walk around you know? Yeah and it really helps that. Getty I don't think we're meant to be just sitting all
you know still and yeah if you can
play.
Uh No my mother and I live together. Yeah. Yeah.
feel so bad
for people.
no I'm so thankful I'm like oh my god I'm glad that you know this all happened the way it did like I wasn't planning on coming back. Um It was just my health wasn't good. But I I was gonna leave to come visit and then go back and I ended up staying and not returning. And had I stayed, the borders are closed in Costa rica and I wouldn't have been able to leave and I would have been all alone. And it just, I didn't know many people. So I'm just very grateful that I was able to come back to the States at the time
that I did and I feel bad for people that are getting older or single and don't have anybody. Yeah. It must be really hard with a social distancing for them. Yeah.
Although your
family
can drive you crazy when you're around them all the time.
But my mom and I are both introverts and like the way the house is set up, my room happens to be on one side and hers is on the other so it's like well you know we come out and have like coffee together and then go back to her room so it's not bad.
Yeah. Yeah because anybody being around anybody 24/7 would be difficult. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So I'm
well I I had to apply for disability for because of my autoimmune disease I have but um I do teach english online a few hours a day, you know and that gives me a little bit of an income and and I enjoy doing it. It's it's a lot of fun for me. Yeah. Yeah.
English.
china probably.
It is
it's fun. I really enjoy it. Um I don't work with a lot of kids. There's a lot of companies that teach kids in china, mainly china and Japan, but I teach adults um and most of the adults I teach are like business people and they just need to improve their english for work or because they want to travel um kids, I'm sure I would get used to it, but it seems like it would be a little hard, especially when their little ones, you know like keeping their interest for like For, I don't know how long, maybe 25 minutes to an hour would be kind of challenging I think, but your your friends seem to enjoy it. Yeah, well
you know.
and then
start
her day.
Yeah. Are you working out or are you a full time mom? Which is a job, a big job.
Well
alert.
00,
that's convenient,
and even that,
yeah, commuting time can be such a drag, you know, so yeah,
mm
we are very lucky. Um yeah,
so I know we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes, but that gives you a 45 minutes. What do you do you get another partner or what does
you know?
I wasn't
quite sure when I, I just signed up for it. Something to, Yeah, well it was really, really great talking to what was your name again? I'm so sorry Jan
Jan Jan, yes, gen it was very nice meeting you and I hope you have a
wonderful weekend.
Okay.
Bye jen, bye bye.