Mhm.
Hi, how are you?
I am good.
So
yeah, can you hear me?
Right, Okay. Good. Fabulous. So
it is.
I actually signed up for a study like this um about a month ago and the person I was supposed to talk with never showed up, so um I've never actually done one where I've actually talked with someone.
Yeah.
So what's
your name?
Jazz. Okay.
I'm jane.
Yeah.
And where do you live?
fabulous. I'm in um the northern tip of Kentucky. So right across
the river from Cincinnati. Ohio yeah,
I've lived here my entire life. So yeah.
Um it's warm probably in the 80s and today we're having green. So what about you? Is it hot and dry all the time out there?
No bombs.
I've heard that the humidity is really low there, so it makes the heat more tolerable
go
out.
Right. It's the humidity here in this area is horrible. It's in the summer especially it's just constant. Um
But that's that's pretty much all I've ever known. But you always
hear
people say, well if you go somewhere where the humidity is low, it's very tolerable um to have high temperatures. But I've actually never traveled to Arizona so.
It
does.
It's definitely an area of the country that I I want to visit there. I feel like there's a lot that you need to see out there. Yeah.
What took you to Costa rica then?
that's awesome.
Yeah. So how long were you there?
Did you know anyone at all when you went over there?
The game.
That's that an adventure. Like that is something I wish that I would have done before I settle down and you know, got married and had kids and
I
do
I have two girls Um they're 11 and four.
It
is yeah, yeah, I've been married previously, so my first daughter that's from my first husband and but it's and I kind of waited, I got married And had my first daughter when I was 31 so I kind of waited you know later in life because I wanted to live my life before I you know, but
to give you an adventure like that is something that I wish I would have done it. I
don't know that I don't know that I'm brave enough to actually have done it. Like I commend you for that. That seems really, especially not knowing anyone there.
Well cool.
They
can they have the ability to get along but they pick at each other just I mean, typical sister stuff. It's been interesting since the quarantine started, you know, we've all been together a lot more. Uh They just fight nonstop. It seems like. Uh huh.
Right.
Yeah. So it's been interesting, but I mean they're both they're they're amazing. I'm I love being a mom, so. Yes.
No.
not
right now summer break, like we don't have year round school. Um So the older one finished up her last year's school year um On basically online they switched everything to nontraditional instruction. Um And so she finished the last two months of the school year that way. And then my little one was just in preschool, so they just kind of closed the school, you know, and we did a few things at home like worksheets, but you know, it wasn't, it's not a mandated school at that age, so it's, you know.
Right. Yeah.
So,
but it's been interesting
what
I'm sorry,
what kind of restrictions do you guys have? Right out there right now.
Ready.
Yeah. I feel like around here um when we were like Basically under quarantine, uh you know if you had to go out somewhere like the grocery you would see, you know, pretty much, I would say about 70% of people would be wearing a mask. Um once the restrictions eased a little bit and things started reopening, I feel like fewer people have been wearing them and so now you know the cases are going back up um I feel like it probably would be in our best interest if it was mandatory here too, but I know you know so many people are arguing against it that it seems like everybody's arguing about everything these days, so. Oh goodness.
Yeah,
I am
um I would consider it more of like a suburb, I mean we could drive To like downtown Cincinnati in 25 minutes. Um But you know this is more of um I mean I live in a neighborhood, I grew up on a farm, so more even more rural than here um And it was probably about 10 minutes south of here is where
I grew up, so you know within just a few minutes drive you can be you know in farmland or then you know it's like there's a lot of different things close by here.
So
it
was,
well I mean it was all I knew, so um I lived on a smaller farm um we had horses mostly um
it was a lot of fun um and my mom still have horses, so um but then my grandparents had bigger farms with like cows and my uncle actually has a dairy farm that he still operate. So you know we still have a lot of that in the family. Um I just never really got into it a whole, I mean I would ride horses and I waited having the land, you know to run and play when I was younger. Um But I never got into the whole lifestyle. I guess my oldest daughter is very very much into it. She loves to go to my mom's and with the cows and help with, you know she has a horse down there that she rides and so she loves it. But
it's
time
um the cows that my mom and her husband raised, their beef cattle. Mm
So it's then my uncle is the one that has the dairy cows. Yeah. And
they used to milk more. Um I wouldn't say by hand, but it was more like they had to be there every day to you know, milk the cows and operate the degree. But he recently has gotten a robotic milker
which is really interesting
to see.
Um So he doesn't even have to be there now and the cows know they wear little necklaces that tell them when to go in to the stall to get milked and they get really good feed that's only in there, so they want to go in.
Yeah, it's really interesting to watch because it's completely, you know, the cows work with the robot is it's really interesting to see. Um So it's it's been fun to watch the progression of that over my lifetime of, you know. Uh So. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah.
Um I mean in my opinion it's a larger farm is probably, I'd say they probably have about 200 acres there.
And
yeah, and they have I'd say About 60 head of cattle that they milk. Um
And then my mom probably has about the same number of cow um or cattles that are, you know, beef cattle. Um So it's it's interesting, but like I said that, you know, that's all I've ever known, so, you know,
to
me.
It's
a lot of work. Yes. Yeah, and I think um right now especially um you know, the farmers are getting hard hit with all the cutbacks, financial and um it's but they're they're hanging in there, so where I know you said you didn't you're not originally from Arizona,
did you find where you?
Yeah. It's funny the things you remember and the things you just totally losing your knife.
Do you think if you leave there when you go back to that part of California you grew up in or just go somewhere totally new?
Have you ever been anywhere with snow like visiting while it snowed?
Then what?
Well
it
does in the winter. I mean I would say the average temps in the winter are between 20 and.
I mean it and there have been times that it's gotten below zero. Um
You know or
if really we've had really mild winters the last couple years so we haven't gotten a lot of snow. Uh And then there's some winters when you get a bunch so it's we're kind of on that that line. I feel like um where it can kind of go either way. You know like north of us, you pretty much always get snow and you get like, you know, a significant amount, whereas we could get a significant amount but you know an inch here an inch. There is pretty much what we've seen lately
in the winters. So it's it's nice I think because it's a little a little touch of of the winter landscape, but it's not so much that you know, you can't get out of your driveway and go somewhere and you have to trouble forever and
you
know,
so
well unfortunately I don't have
much
free
time. Anything with
Kenneth.
Well I'm, yeah, I mean most of my free time is spent, you know entertaining them are running them to activities. Um If I do like truly, if someone, if my mom took the kids for the day, I would love to just curl up with a good book, I love to read, I
just
don't get a lot, a lot of time to do it and um I love to exercise, I actually love to exercise that's like wow,
I thought I used to teach jazzercise
well, yeah,
and no it's it's the form of exercise that I really enjoy the most and I was still going before the quarantine, I was going as a student.
so kind of that in my spare time when I, you know, I would consider that well it's it's work but it's enjoyable
and I mean it's it's kind of a mental health boost, you know? Yeah,
so
it's um that's one of the reasons that this whole quarantine has been the hardest, you know, one of that, one of the hardest things for me is not only being cooped up in the house with the kids but then also not really getting that time to myself to exercise or just have quiet or
now that now that the weather's better um I've been doing that more often you know at the beginning of all this you know what was March and it was still pretty cold around here which you know I still could have but
it's
not
that's that's an easy excuse you know? Oh it's cold.
now
now
do you there do you live alone?
I was gonna say especially if you lived alone I feel like that would be because
you
know at least getting a little interaction with your mom.
Where?
Yeah
so
you
definitely definitely but.
You can you can still have your space. That's nice.
I agree. So what I know you said when you were in Costa rica, you were teaching english, correct.
What are you doing these days?
I have I have some friends um in my mom's group here who um it may be the same program, I don't know the name of it, but they do online
teaching english. Um and I feel like they teach kids and
china. Yeah, I think so because I know she has to get up super early in the morning to do it, but she loves it.
I mean she says it's the best job she's ever had.
she loves it.
So and she has a little one, so it works out really nicely for her because she can get up in the morning before they wake up and put in an hour or two of teaching
and
get paid
for it, still home with the kids all day. So she you know it works nice for her so. Yeah.
God that is um I the job that I have is really nice because I am an office manager
at a small construction company and um but I just do it part time and so most of that can be done from my home office
And if I do need, you know if I do go into the office it's like five minutes down the road
and
I can take the care I can take the kids with me if I need to or my boss is super flexible, I don't have set hours. He just basically said as long as you get done what needs to be done, I don't care when you do it or where you do it. So it's really been a perfect fit for me um You know, since the kids were born,
so.
Right.
Yeah.
you.
I
think after we do our 25 minute, um you go back to the link that you clicked on to get this to open and there's, I think there should be a survey. So you take that survey. I think there's
some areas.
Up, jen
Very
to meet you too. Yes,
you do the same. Thanks.