SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What? Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Awesome. So Do we have a prompt for talking for
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the next 25 minutes or?
SPEAKER_L: don't think so but thank you for reminding me that way I can start the timer. Um I don't believe so. The only prompt that I heard was that it has to be 25 minutes so we'll we'll just go on from there I guess. Um My name is Chammah. Um I live in san Francisco and that's what we're still in shelter in place working from home. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: Uh my name's Alexa. I'm currently living in Connecticut. I'm slated to move to Canada but who knows with the borders closing? Um Yeah, the stay at home orders are pretty much still in place for us and I've been working remotely since about
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: March, so About three months, which is crazy.
SPEAKER_L: wearing Canada?
SPEAKER_R: I'm supposed to move to Toronto.
SPEAKER_L: Okay I lived for a few years in Hamilton which is right next to Toronto. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah it's uh I was a kid there but yeah it's a very I remember distinctly it being very cold.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I'm from the, you know east coast where it snows, so I'm kind of used to it, but I anticipate the winters will be a lot worse.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah absolutely yeah
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and the uh yeah with the shelter in place and what you call it the the border closings yeah everything seems to be up in the air for a lot of folks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What made you move back to the United States or were you originally Canadian? Then you moved to the United States?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I was a kid, I it wasn't up to me uh yeah my my parents decided that it was time to move back so uh we moved back, my dad was a grad student
SPEAKER_R: Okay, awesome. So what's it like in san Francisco? I've only visited the Berkeley area one time.
SPEAKER_L: I I think it's it's fine, I think with the challenge now at work is um everything is still kind of lockdown and we're supposed to be having a call later to see if I guess some of those restrictions get um lifted. I'm not certain because in fact we were just going into some of these calls today uh that there is more and more infections going on here in the Bay Area. So I I think some of my I work for a union that's here in san Francisco a labor union, so I think some of them some areas will open up but
SPEAKER_R: Over
SPEAKER_L: areas new york san Francisco Berkeley Oakland, they're gonna we're gonna be remaining on this uh, shelter in place situation for a while. So yeah, it's so, it's, it's kind of strange. We're now on entering the fourth month. Um, so everybody, yeah, it's, it's, it's kind of surreal I guess.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's like been very crazy. I mean I predominantly worked like at an office or like a central location now I have to work from home and it's been like fine working from home. Like my job hasn't changed that much and we moved a lot of stuff online. But now I feel like I'm focusing a lot more on work and I'm not getting distracted by like conversations with my co workers are just like interacting with people. Which I kind of miss.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, yeah, here you can go out. Um, but you have to wear the face mask and generally speaking, a lot of most places are closed. So yeah, that's, that's, it's strange. Um, and I suspect that, yes, some places are gonna lock down even more just because there's more and more um, infections going on. One of the concert I was on for work earlier was talking about the hiring of nurses and other medical staff and how they're really struggling because basically everybody is trying to hire nurses and medical staff and there just aren't enough. And um, yeah, so I think I would say that it's probably going to remain like this for another two or three months, maybe even longer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it'll go like into next year because especially like I think everyone's getting excited because it's summer and they want to go out and like people on the east coast have been going to like beaches and stuff which like I wouldn't go to personally but whatever it's up to them and I think they're talking about a second wave that might be worse than initially in the winter. So like I don't know hopefully they'll get a vaccine like sorted out soon. Um Otherwise I don't know, I try to be optimistic in one sense, but at the same time it just seems like it's not going to get better anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: I agree. It's, it's frustrating. I've got a lot of family that lives outside of the country. So I think this question of borders closing is something that I have in mind as well. Um, my brother was supposed to actually come and visit, um, he lives in europe. He was supposed to come, I, I think I forget when maybe it was even in May and ended up having to cancel his trip. Um, he got, I think most of his deposits back, but now, yeah, I have no idea he's going to be coming back anytime soon, so yeah, that's regretful. Um, and of course, as you mentioned, you know, moving across the Canada might be difficult.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a pretty tricky spot for me right now because my lease in Connecticut is up at the end of next month and I was hoping to just transition into a new apartment right in Toronto, but it looks like I'm going to have to move back in with my parents temporarily and I've been out of the house for like three years now. So it will be a big change to move back with them. So not exactly looking forward to it,
SPEAKER_L: it's, I, I see a lot of people here in san Francisco, especially since a lot of those tech companies have been laying off people, they started to move and um I see moving trucks pretty regularly and they seem to be moving out. I don't even know if it's back home, I think they're just moving to cheaper parts of the country, right? Um and um some of the other ones have been downsized or and have been asked to take pay cuts so that's that's really tough. Yeah, I think if everything
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: It was the same if I had to move back with my parents, which is incredibly unlikely seeing as they left the country already 15 years ago, I'd be pretty stoked, but that's because there's 15 years removal.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's definitely like the better monetary choice, like I'll save a lot of money on rent and stuff and like, I don't know if the borders open up, then perhaps I can move to Canada and like october november something. Um So it's just like really uncertain how long I'll be with them will just be a month, will it be the whole next semester of school? Um So I don't really want to sign a lease on a place when it's like, I don't know how long I plan on staying there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you could always do Airbnb, you know, that's what everybody seems to be doing.
SPEAKER_R: I have done Airbnb but I heard that like, I don't really know because I haven't looked into it, but like Airbnb isn't like up and running right now because you can't really like guarantee how well people will clean pace it places if someone with covid 19 stays there. And I know a lot of people who host Airbnb s haven't been posting their listings either because they're worried about people coming into their homes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I I know here in SAn Francisco about a third of the listings. I was reading an article about it I think a third or a quarter of all listings for for longer term rentals now 30 plus days. Um And I think many of them are kind of in similar situations where they're in transition from either one job in the next or leaving the city but unable to go somewhere else because well I I think it's challenging to rent um places if you're uncertain of what's going to happen right so might
SPEAKER_R: My people
SPEAKER_L: be worth looking into it. Um Like I said
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: it seems like
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: many
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: people are using that. Um Yeah it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's I have to say that I hear so much negative
SPEAKER_R: make it stop.
SPEAKER_L: stuff here in san Francisco around that. Around Airbnb that I for one I'm not terribly sad to see them struggling. Um Yeah a lot of places are up for rent by Airbnb hosts and there aren't like kind of mom and pop shops there I guess cos entire companies renting out or subletting uh entire buildings. Which is I mean it's kind of a hotel. Why not just open up the hotel?
SPEAKER_R: So like it's a whole apartment complex, but all of them are Airbnb s. That's very crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well you can make a lot of money like that there because some places um Like a couple of blocks from where I live and you can get an apartment that's rent a one bedroom apartment for 3500 a month if you're doing Sublette and it's furnished I can easily imagine you're renting one bedroom for $5,000 to somebody. Right? Um Something like corporate housing and stuff like that. Where it's not even new pain. Yeah why not? Um.
SPEAKER_R: That's insane. $5,000 for one bedroom.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that that is um in the eastern side of san Francisco. That is not a crazy price of hey like I said for something that short term and furnished you will pay for that. And if you're doing a normal lease It's yeah 3500 maybe 30 200. Um for a studio in a really bad neighborhood, you'll easily pay $2,000 in San Francisco. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's insane,
SPEAKER_L: I mean the Just parking parking uh parking spot in most buildings where it's not already included um were running $350. So most most people pay more for their parking space in in certain neighborhoods and people pay for their entire house elsewhere in the country. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but then it's um I I think of Folks that are straight out of college, you know lucky enough to get a job in one of the tech companies, they're making $150, twice what I'm making twice what other people are making. Um and to me, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I was considering going to graduate school at um in Berkeley, which is why I visited there and like when people were talking about the rent and stuff, I was just like, that's insane.
SPEAKER_L: It's what a lot of people complain about here and from my job, definitely. That's a huge part of it. A lot of our members, we represent public sector workers, government workers, a few non profit workers. I really don't know how they do it because they're folks coming into the city making $15 an hour and they think that thinking 15 bucks an hour is a decent wage. And here it's, I mean, You end up living in a bunk bed with somebody um in your room at the age of 25 3 At that, right? So yeah, it's a tough place. Uh you know, who knows how things are going to look after the after COVID-19, but we'll see. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I was like looking at apartments in Toronto and there are no where near that expensive unless you have like a really luxury like high rise apartment. Like I was looking at, well they have like basement apartments in Toronto or like they call bachelor suites instead of studios and they're like about 1400 to $1500 but like one bedroom or studio in downtown, in the financial district is like $1700. And I was like jeez that's a lot of money but like I guess not. Compared
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: to san
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: no. Yeah. I think the only folks that kind of match what's being asked for here is like in Manhattan. Um and it's like whenever I see movies that are taking place in san Francisco and new york, you see these people that have huge apartments well lit and everything, it's fantasy right here unless you've you've been here for 30 or 40 years and are very fortunate enough to live in a rent controlled apartment. Right? And that's another kind of message situation because there are many people who like I said, I've been here since the seventies or eighties, they came here and rented a place um and they might be paying $800 for $1000 for a huge three bedroom with the garden. Um And because it's rent control, they well they don't have to leave Now. That's great at all. If you know that somebody who has a government job aren't getting paid crazy wages, but if you are if somebody working for Google or Facebook and making $300,400,000 and you're paying pennies um for your rent. That's that's that's hard. Um That's hard to me to kind of recognize that, but well I guess they have to make ends meet as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they can probably also rent out their spare bedrooms like and charge like what their rent is to other people.
SPEAKER_L: And a lot of people were doing that, then I think it's the rent board but decide to know you cannot legally do that. I'm sure a lot of folks will do that. Um But uh yeah I I know that that that's no longer allowed. You can't sublet your place as a master tenant for profit. Um Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: That's insane. Have you, how long have you lived in san Francisco?
SPEAKER_L: 10 years. 10 years. So yeah it's yeah, not that long, it feels like all
SPEAKER_R: You plan on staying there, you want to move like somewhere cheaper or?
SPEAKER_L: No now I I think I've got a pretty stable job and stable place to live, so no, no plans on moving. Uh But yeah, it is strange and interesting because you see many people come in and out, so it's kind of a revolving door. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I guess it would be hard to put down roots there and then like make meaningful connections with a lot of people are just like there for a short amount of time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I think that's the case with a lot of kind of these international cities definitely have heard the same thing of new york and Los Angeles where people kind of come in, maybe, you know, look for a gig, look for a job failed and end up moving out somewhere else.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh Well maybe the rents will drop if no one's renting out apartments right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I mean they'll have to they'll have to keep getting mail about different developments saying, oh, you know there giving nine weeks or 10 weeks or 11 weeks free rent, but they haven't yet dropped the rent itself, they're just giving friend for free. So I'm like, yeah, if you're going to do a one year lease and they're still going to be playing insane prices and no knowledge if you're going to have a job in a month or two months or three months time, why risk it, do the Airbnb for 30 days and wait and see. Yeah, that's that's I think what's happening um All right. And how is it over there in terms of rents and possible living?
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean I'm in New Haven Connecticut so it's near like a bunch of different universities and so like it's very gentrified in the sense that like a lot of the um like academic professionals only want to live in certain neighborhoods. Where is the rest of the people who live in the city like live elsewhere and like you can get a pretty nice one bedroom apartment for like $1,400 a month, $1500 a month. I live on kind of the outskirts of the town where
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: like it's still a nice area but not a lot of like I guess professionals live here and my rents like under $1,000 of them.
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So I mean like I've always felt like the east coast like New Jersey new york Connecticut are very expensive to live in boston area as well. But I mean nowhere near as expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I've got I grew up in Tennessee and once in a while I keep in contact with my friends over there and yeah, they're paying $400,500 for one bedroom, two bedroom with a nice yard and that seems to be the norm, right? Um but in Yeah, So I I think a lot of those folks rightly question the sanity of anybody living over here. And all I can tell them is it's challenging. A lot of folks don't end up making it, they don't find the right job or if they do, they get short changed afterwards. So yeah, I definitely tell people uh make sure you do your homework and be ready for disappointment um If you're coming here to join the union, what I tell people as well, because that can make it or break the living arrangement over here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of like working professionals living in their cars in san Francisco because they can't like afford rent that they still work for. Companies like google or whatever
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And there the problem is of course that there's a lot of people working for those companies um doing all sorts of jobs as subcontractors, right? And
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not just talking about books or people doing their job as um like developer or something, right? And they'll get paid decent
SPEAKER_R: Two right here
SPEAKER_L: compared to somebody else doing their job elsewhere,
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: but definitely not enough to have a nice place and certainly not enough to raise
SPEAKER_R: People
SPEAKER_L: a Pamela. Um so
SPEAKER_R: so yeah
SPEAKER_L: lot of folks that I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: looked
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: down in the peninsula, so around the Silicon
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Valley area, in
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: the labour, in the organized labour, they try to organize those folks and say, well, you know, if you're working at google headquarters or facebook headquarters and are feeding them, then you too should have a right to, you know, have a decent wage. But that creates tension. A lot of folks get Frustrated right, that uh the essential workers are being treated fairly, so that's definitely going to change. I think with COVID-19, I I think a lot of those jobs are just not going to come back at all.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's crazy. Is it true that like um facebook and google and things like that they have like I don't know if this was like a concept they were thinking of but almost like a dorm style housing arrangement for people who work there. So like you can live like in a google like housing situation.
SPEAKER_L: um I don't think it's been implemented, a lot of people have been advocating for that in san Francisco because what happens is that those companies are you know, an hour and a half down the peninsula, so they end up taking basically like they call them shuttle buses, but they're like school buses for adults, they get picked up at their home and then dropped off later in the evening at home. So people are saying well you know why not just build housing for tech workers down there, but obviously down their rents or even higher, so um property owners are very defensive and say well we don't want these folks to live here, we're fine with them getting bussed in and out. Um So as far as I know, nothing has been implemented, but I know that they definitely do try to keep those folks as um controlled right as humanly possible in those areas. I mean like offering not just free food, but haircuts, massages, doggie daycare, everything, so it's essentially
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like they're living On a college campus but at the age of 40. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if I would like that though, it just seems like there's really no divide between like your work and your personal life.
SPEAKER_L: yeah absolutely, I mean it's just I mean there isn't you don't get to meet anybody who is not a co worker is not getting paid by the same employer. Um Everything just ends up bleeding into your personal life. And I I think that's part of the reason why they at least made don't seem to end up spending very long with one company, they kind of seem to jump off from one company to the next year after year. So yeah, but I mean for all all all of that um there's so a lot of folks uh hundreds of thousands of people in the city in san Francisco that still remain in the city. Uh folks whose parents or grandparents were fortunate enough to buy home and uh they just live here, right? Um So that's that's a lot of the folks that I work with who yeah, they're trying their best to hold on and you know like I said, if they have at home I think they're going to stick around barring you know, medical expenses or something like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy. I don't know if I'd ever want to be a slave to corporate America like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Same here. Same here. I think uh I think we're well past 25 minutes then there is the survey, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do we have to are we staying on the zoom call wall or doing that or?
SPEAKER_L: But I'm checking back. Uh No I I think we close it and then just go back to the other page. All right, nice
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Nice meeting you. Good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks you too.