Hello?
Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Awesome. So Do we have a prompt for talking for
the next 25 minutes or?
Uh my name's Alexa. I'm currently living in Connecticut. I'm slated to move to Canada but who knows with the borders closing? Um Yeah, the stay at home orders are pretty much still in place for us and I've been working remotely since about
March, so About three months, which is crazy.
I'm supposed to move to Toronto.
really?
Yeah, I mean I'm from the, you know east coast where it snows, so I'm kind of used to it, but I anticipate the winters will be a lot worse.
No.
What made you move back to the United States or were you originally Canadian? Then you moved to the United States?
Okay, awesome. So what's it like in san Francisco? I've only visited the Berkeley area one time.
Over
I know it's like been very crazy. I mean I predominantly worked like at an office or like a central location now I have to work from home and it's been like fine working from home. Like my job hasn't changed that much and we moved a lot of stuff online. But now I feel like I'm focusing a lot more on work and I'm not getting distracted by like conversations with my co workers are just like interacting with people. Which I kind of miss.
Yeah I think it'll go like into next year because especially like I think everyone's getting excited because it's summer and they want to go out and like people on the east coast have been going to like beaches and stuff which like I wouldn't go to personally but whatever it's up to them and I think they're talking about a second wave that might be worse than initially in the winter. So like I don't know hopefully they'll get a vaccine like sorted out soon. Um Otherwise I don't know, I try to be optimistic in one sense, but at the same time it just seems like it's not going to get better anytime soon.
Yeah. It's a pretty tricky spot for me right now because my lease in Connecticut is up at the end of next month and I was hoping to just transition into a new apartment right in Toronto, but it looks like I'm going to have to move back in with my parents temporarily and I've been out of the house for like three years now. So it will be a big change to move back with them. So not exactly looking forward to it,
It's
Yeah. I mean it's definitely like the better monetary choice, like I'll save a lot of money on rent and stuff and like, I don't know if the borders open up, then perhaps I can move to Canada and like october november something. Um So it's just like really uncertain how long I'll be with them will just be a month, will it be the whole next semester of school? Um So I don't really want to sign a lease on a place when it's like, I don't know how long I plan on staying there.
I have done Airbnb but I heard that like, I don't really know because I haven't looked into it, but like Airbnb isn't like up and running right now because you can't really like guarantee how well people will clean pace it places if someone with covid 19 stays there. And I know a lot of people who host Airbnb s haven't been posting their listings either because they're worried about people coming into their homes.
My people
have
you,
hey,
I
make it stop.
So like it's a whole apartment complex, but all of them are Airbnb s. That's very crazy.
That's insane. $5,000 for one bedroom.
That's insane,
Mhm. Yeah. I was considering going to graduate school at um in Berkeley, which is why I visited there and like when people were talking about the rent and stuff, I was just like, that's insane.
I was like looking at apartments in Toronto and there are no where near that expensive unless you have like a really luxury like high rise apartment. Like I was looking at, well they have like basement apartments in Toronto or like they call bachelor suites instead of studios and they're like about 1400 to $1500 but like one bedroom or studio in downtown, in the financial district is like $1700. And I was like jeez that's a lot of money but like I guess not. Compared
to san
Francisco.
Yeah they can probably also rent out their spare bedrooms like and charge like what their rent is to other people.
That's insane. Have you, how long have you lived in san Francisco?
You plan on staying there, you want to move like somewhere cheaper or?
I guess it would be hard to put down roots there and then like make meaningful connections with a lot of people are just like there for a short amount of time.
Yeah. Uh Well maybe the rents will drop if no one's renting out apartments right now.
Well I mean I'm in New Haven Connecticut so it's near like a bunch of different universities and so like it's very gentrified in the sense that like a lot of the um like academic professionals only want to live in certain neighborhoods. Where is the rest of the people who live in the city like live elsewhere and like you can get a pretty nice one bedroom apartment for like $1,400 a month, $1500 a month. I live on kind of the outskirts of the town where
like it's still a nice area but not a lot of like I guess professionals live here and my rents like under $1,000 of them.
So I mean like I've always felt like the east coast like New Jersey new york Connecticut are very expensive to live in boston area as well. But I mean nowhere near as expensive.
I've heard of like working professionals living in their cars in san Francisco because they can't like afford rent that they still work for. Companies like google or whatever
I'm
not
Two right here
now
People
so yeah
I
looked
like
so
it
Yeah. That's crazy. Is it true that like um facebook and google and things like that they have like I don't know if this was like a concept they were thinking of but almost like a dorm style housing arrangement for people who work there. So like you can live like in a google like housing situation.
That
I don't know if I would like that though, it just seems like there's really no divide between like your work and your personal life.
That's crazy. I don't know if I'd ever want to be a slave to corporate America like that. Yeah.
Yeah. Do we have to are we staying on the zoom call wall or doing that or?
Well
yeah. Nice meeting you. Good luck with everything.