Yeah, mm. Mhm. Okay, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Okay,
are you doing?
Good,
good. My name is Sharon,
Nice to meet you ARN.
And where do you live
robert in pennsylvania, So we're not too far apart.
I'm about 45 minutes from
Harrisburg.
Oh wow. Yeah, reading is only about an hour, not even quite an hour away, awesome, awesome.
So are you working from home?
Fun, fun isn't it?
How do
you do?
I'm sure, yeah,
I've never worked remotely from home, so this is a big adjustment for me
Um since March 23. Yeah. So.
I know it's crazy. It's in some ways it feels like a short period of time, in other ways it feels like it's much longer period of time. I just think this is gonna go on for a lot longer. Okay. Mhm.
I work at a college. Oh
my gosh, that's crazy. What do you do,
what do you do there?
okay. Okay. I'm a purchasing manager. Okay. That's crazy. That was one that was on purpose that they paired us together for that.
I remember to put in your occupation or not I don't remember but that's kind of coincidental.
Yes. Yes. There actually Westchester which is near Philly. I'm sure you're familiar with. They've already closed their public school earlier. Yeah the public schools, they're
not
going back in the fall. I don't think it looks like it because you know how they're gonna have these students and dorms
courses.
I
don't see it happening.
Kate. It wasn't the university that I know of unless I knew it was just the public schools K through 12.
Yes.
It is crazy. Yeah. That's uh I just hate it.
Yes. That was the first I heard I actually heard from a friend and I went and looked at it and she was correct. It was it was factual information. So
I think some, some people think that it's a little too early and some are already making decisions, you know, I mean more towards one direction than the other, I don't know. I I just don't see it happening. This is, yeah,
The
yeah. This is mid May and they come back, you know, mid, mid august, I don't know and all. What do you, what do you teach?
Okay.
of course, that's that's true. Is this your week of finals? Yeah. Stay with ours as ours as well. Yeah. Okay.
What's the point? Good for you? What's
the point of doing that?
His
mind was work. Oh,
Right.
No,
so
Oh, good, good. So do you, have you been on prolific for a while? They are
I've
been
on before.
It's
Yeah, A friend of mine told me about it. I've been doing maybe four or five months, Make a quite a few studies to do. My balance is up there pretty good, adds up pretty quickly. A
lot of fun. You really are. I really enjoy them now. They're doing a lot of COVID-1, so there's a lot more in there.
Makes it very interesting.
I agree.
What,
Yeah, I agree with you there, definitely. Yes,
I mean
just,
it is a lot of variety, A lot of variety. Um I had signed up, I did one um and then I just got contacted yesterday too. I guess it's like more or less a study for so many weeks and I had to do a huge survey this morning a lot, but I thought
supposed
to be on covid which is fine but a lot of it was math questions which were really interesting. A lot of word problems and stuff. And then you could earn as you know if you did really well according to how well you did then you got bonuses at the end so yeah. That's interesting. I'm interested in that. That's for sure.
Yeah because some of them do have some tricky attention checks in there. You have to
really be concentrating and not interrupted. Yeah.
all those all those bots and everything out definitely. Do you do um research studies and for like companies
for
focus groups or anything like that if you do prolific. Okay. Because I do that too. Well
I'm
I
think. No, no I take part in them. I
started
it quite a number of years ago and kind of built myself up. It's kind of a little side business actually. I mean I do pretty well anything from like testing a product to like, um or moderator, post questions on a bulletin board and answering the questions. It's pretty interesting. I just did one on, oh, pet on pet food on using subscription services, like chewy because I used chewy. So that was really interesting. That was a two week bolton board. It's very in the moderator, like, I actually like question about your answer and you have to reply back and it's really interesting.
no, no, just different focus groups. There are so many focus groups across the United States, uh that I've been involved with. So,
you know,
they send your screener out and then you fill the screen around. Doesn't mean you're always going to, you know
be able to participate and they're looking for certain things and certain people and whatnot. But yeah it's interesting. Yeah anywhere
from
Under two aren't they awesome. They are
often.
I'm about an hour from a distribution center so I've always had really quick service. I've sometimes gotten things like the very next day. Mhm.
Yeah it's very quick. Yeah.
Well I Foster and volunteer for rescue have six dogs. Yeah
I started out we had our own little Pomeranian. He's £3 when we got into the rescue. So we wanted to stick with small dogs. We had big dogs in the past. Um So we have two chihuahuas um a chihuahua mix, a rat terrier mix and then two Pomeranians including our own.
So.
Yeah it's fun. There are boys they are for the most part get along you know they have the little scrambles every now and then. Um
Um two of them are Seniors two or 13. Um One is 81 is 4. 1 is seven.
Yeah. Yes yes so a couple more ours um The two well the 13 year old rat terrier. He has a heart murmur agreed three heart murmur. So he has to have an E. K. G. And a blood pressure check every three every six months.
And so she kind of wanted him to be in a home. I mean all our dogs are in homes but she had a lot of dogs at her house or director and says he'll never go anywhere he's here to stay and he's a great dog. Um But yeah there's a lot of fun. What kind of pets do you have?
Two cats. Right.
What?
That's
good.
I probably told you to come in.
Who are they? Okay,
Very cool.
Actually have a cat. He's 18, will be 18. End of June. Yeah, I've had him since he's six actually was weighed six oz, so he was only a few days old. My husband
found a letter at the side of the house and I bottle fed them and everything. And
just recently we noticed he was probably like a month or so ago, we noticed he was bumping into things. So we took him to the vet and she said while he's blind here, he has high blood pressure which is caused by absolute obviously kidney failure because of his age. But long story short um She put him on blood pressure medication we're giving my husband, I are giving him um sub Q fluids every day. And uh he is like a brand new cat and he actually has some site now. He's actually
doing
this. She can't believe it. He's actually jumping up and down on things now before he went because he couldn't see. So yeah, he's doing really well. His appetite. I mean there for a little bit before we increase his flows. We had him at 100 mils. He just wasn't doing anything. He was sleeping all day and barely eating and more weight. And now he just, he's like an eating machine. He just eats constantly and it's going really good. So he's special.
Are you still there?
That's really, that was really weird. You know what what happened?
Well, wow. Art. It's really slow at times I think cause everybody's at home and using it SARS gets really slow at times. Mm Now it's doing it again. Sit down radar, Horn symbol, Sit down. Can you see and hear me? Okay.
Yeah you're, the picture of you is very distorted. I don't know why it's very weird. Yeah
it's going in and out it's clear and then
freezes and it's distorted that's on. But anyway um so he's a special cat so yeah.
Him.
What
That's encouragement. Yeah
she wanted me to try the special diet but he won't have any parts of it. We tried the can and the hard food you want in many parts of it so I figured what the heck I can't make any. So it is what it is.
You're lucky that probably helped to live five years I guess. Maybe it just doesn't taste very good. Maybe maybe that's
why they don't like it.
Yeah. Is it raining now today?
And
cold
isn't really So ugly here today it's probably only about 45° and raining.
I still have where Especially very cool sounding here it's just being um I think 42 and very windy. Yeah and
like freezing they're calling for a chance of freezing temperatures friday and saturday night.
Yeah and I just
hung up baskets and all that comes along with the program inside.
I have a friend in Connecticut they have had pretty crappy weather. We're in Connecticut.
Get
down
Okay. Okay she's in Gruden. Really?
Yes officer of the state. Yeah.
Yes
Germany Children. Their kids.
Yes We have three and 2 granddaughters. Yes our daughters the oldest, she's a registered nurse and um she's linda has two little girls, her and her husband and then our oldest son um just got married the beginning of april. Of course the wedding wasn't what they planned to have that later date. That has had a real small ceremony with a few people. Um He's an I. T. For um he's a contractor for the navy up in Mechanicsburg. And our younger son um got engaged back in december. He's getting married next april and he works and lives in New Jersey with his fiancee. So two of them are real close and then once about an hour and a half away which isn't bad.
Well she's very fortunate she doesn't work in the hospital. She actually works at the cancer center so there is a chance of exposure but nothing like if she'd be at the hospital of course. So they've been super super busy, very busy out of the old people's homes in our area. There's a lot of cases in them people dying and they aren't letting any of them come into the cancer center because they just can't take that risk right now. So yeah just she keeps very busy. She works in a pod with a couple doctors and um the keeper. Thank you for stepping. She's very busy. And then of course well our order sons working from home no younger son still has. He's a chemist so he still has to go into the laboratory sometimes just for half a day but he's not really around any other people if he is one other person so and they have to wear masks and everything but
he does
Hello?
that works a little a little inconvenient but you have to do what you have to do.
together.
Right good good. Has your husband working from home too? Oh
wow. It's just crazy. Sometimes it's hard to believe this is actually happening. It's weird. Very very
The
whole,
have to tell have they opened up anything in in indiana
Same.
What?
So?
No
come on.
Same. Yeah.
That
what
you
want
so
every
no
precious
usage.
That is nice.
it is yeah. Yeah we went out yesterday we had to go to pick up some prescriptions at walmart that wasn't too bad. I picked a couple other things up. I have asthma so I need to be really careful. Um So we weren't in their role long and then we grab some lunch and aid in the car and then I wanted to get some more flowers for outside and that was all outside and there wasn't that I mean there was a lot of people there but they were all spread out. No one was really close to me but we don't really go out much. We try to get our groceries delivered. Um There's things are out of or things that we want that they don't have for whatever reason then you know my husband usually go, we have a grocery store pretty close, we'll go and grab a couple things. Um But we we try to limit the time. We try to go see the granddaughters like outside of course we don't get close to them. But you know Brahman wants to ride a bike and so we watched a rider bike the other weekend and I was surprised that she wasn't upset that she couldn't come over and we couldn't hold her and stuff. But she did pretty well with it. She's almost four. So she understands.
Yeah it is but it's hard not to be able to pick her up and. Uh huh.
Yeah my are their granddaughters just turned 18 months and that's even harder yet. But I have people that I work with. I have one lady who wanted to be a grandmother for the longest time and finally became a grandmother in february and I think she saw her granddaughter like six times and now this happened so I feel really bad for her first time grandparents and she can't be over there holding her and I'm sure it's very difficult. More difficult in my situation. Yeah.
Constipation.
yeah definitely. Now announce it's difficult so many things it's affected so many things and so many things gives you so many things to think about. It's crazy. Really is so I don't know did I lose you again?
Are you still there? Can you hear me? Yeah yeah can you still hear me? Yeah. Mhm Yeah.
Are you still there? Mm. Yeah
We
had the
25 minutes. Yeah, I just look at the time I'm thinking what went released I think well I did log in a little
bit
early
but
I
have 25
and
51
seconds. So
yeah, I probably should keep on for a couple more minutes just to be absolutely sure
now you're freezing
up again.
That's
huh? That's weird. Well I know I tried this two times. I tried this two times previously this week and the person didn't show up but they told me that they were having a lot of trouble with prolific with the platform I guess, you know things weren't working so maybe that's what's going on now, maybe it's not you know your internet or my internet, maybe it's just their platform. I don't know. But yeah at least this time we had you, was this the first time that you tried? Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. We're back. Was this the first time that you tried to hook up with a chat partner? Yeah. I had two previous to this.
It finally worked.
I guess you're not done working for the day then. I guess you probably have things to do yet. Okay.
No. Yes, we
did
too.
Blood.
Then
you
have a lot
of time on your hands.
I'm sure I'm sure you are.
Well, hopefully
we we
don't
have to do this in the fall.
Let's cross
our fingers.
I think.
it's
very difficult.
Very difficult.
They're
saying
it's gonna spike again in the fall, which is like, you know, like the flu. So that's that's pretty scary. Really makes me scared to go back to work actually. You know, if I don't have, I obviously don't want to get it and I still would be concerned, but I'm even more concerned with having asthma. I'm pretty scared to get back to work, so I don't know what's going to happen. Taft it's hopefully arrest.
Well, it was nice talking to you. Yeah.
Thank you too. And have a great rest of your
week.
You
too. Bye.