Hi,
Good, how
are you?
I'm Lauren.
What you?
I'm in indiana.
Okay. We're in pennsylvania.
It
was okay. All right. I've got family in Philly and then in the reading in Scranton areas.
Yeah
I am. I am.
It's yeah, I mean I I usually work from home part time but going
full
time room. Yeah, it was kind of a adjustment.
And
how long have you been working from home?
We were We were sent home March 11. I think so, yeah. Closing in on two months.
Yeah. I have no idea. What what kind of industry do you work in?
do I?
Oh I'm sorry.
Mhm. I'm a professor in the media school.
I have no idea.
Yeah. So are you guys having all the discussions about what to do in the fall?
Well,
I'm,
I
don't know.
I don't know.
So the Westchester closed just the universities or is it K through 12 is closed too?
How, wow.
That crazy.
Yeah. That, I think that's the heart school. I've officially heard say anything for the fall.
gosh. Yeah.
Very put together a bunch of task forces now, but I think they're not willing to make a decision until early june. They originally said May one and then
that passed and they were like, we just don't have enough information right now even guess at what can happen. So.
Sports media. No. Yeah.
So we've had a lot of good conversations with my students about what do we do, what do we do now? The sports.
I'm not I'm not giving a final in either class. I wasn't before this then um a bunch of my students that said that there are other professors have really piled on like extra work and I just said no I'm not.
No,
Nothing. Sure.
Nothing.
And that's that's what a couple of them said is. It's just you know kind of doing the same thing over and over. But it's like they think nothing else is going on. Mhm.
Yeah.
Like I don't know. I'm overwhelmed at times with just job stuff
you guys are dealing with five classes plus whatever plus being home, no extra stuff on you. So
Tell me about a year. Um
I
went
actually went bloody on it last year and when I it was the first time I'd ever heard of it. So I signed up to do my study but then I also signed up to take studies
because I wanted to see how other people were. We're formatting things. So it's been really good in that respect. Right.
It's nice.
All
I feel like a lot of people are out being I feel like I take it's different studies, but I feel like it's the same, you know, set of questions that people are asking them. Like uh
you know what we'll try to find
out.
Yeah, but I've got
some interesting ones. Um just
different, different tracking things, different video things, and it's been really neat. It's a neat platform.
You
did.
I've done a couple like that. You and I always get worried when they do like the word problems of, you know what I'm like, is this an attention check? Like do I hope you get this right?
Vienna.
is nice because it we I used to do surveys over, I used to run my own stuff on mturk and it was so bad with bots and like people you can tell weren't really people um and so being over here and seeing how people are putting the attention checks and I'm like oh that's really interesting. So that's been really good to say. Um Yeah
no
for my own that
Do you take part in
them or you run
them?
Uh I've
never
and that's through prolific that those run.
that's
interesting.
Well
I am,
I use chewy
they sent
so many emails recently of you know we're behind but we're going to do our best and everything shipped like it was supposed to for me which was nice. Yeah.
I don't I don't know where our closest one is but usually I get the notice and it shows up the next day of we shift it it usually takes a day to come.
that's nice. Kind of pets. Do you have?
let's call them.
paul
the brief
looks, your age ring is pretty varied or are they about the same?
No.
No.
I have two cats.
breast feed them last. They haven't been here yet. I got him in july the end of july they were an owner surrender to our local shelter. And I went to see because I never we moved here about four years ago. Um So I didn't really know anything. So I went and said oh you know what's the process and how does this all
work? And they said oh well do you want to come in and take a look around? Sure
why
not? And they just immediately came over and I was like all right, well I'm
thanks. Yeah, they've been great. Their brothers sister,
so Yeah. Yeah.
Really?
total
I will come.
that's
great,
Yeah. We are old. Cat. Got diagnosed with kidney issues. Um What I am, I think I'm back. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, what? Okay.
I'm here.
I don't I don't know if it was me. Our internet has been tough the past couple days, so I don't know. Everything, everything will be normal over here, but
You're good.
Uh huh.
Well,
the cat we had before this had got diagnosed with kidney, like extreme kidney failure and probably like 2012 and we're on um you know, they were like,
I don't know about this and they pushed over to a special renal diet and we did sub Q fluids and she lived another five years.
So yeah,
she did great.
they said a lot of cats need it and she just ate it up. I'm like no she really likes it so.
All
Yeah I don't know. Oh
no
it's
beautiful.
that was us yesterday So we're funny and 60 in the 60s today and then I think it starts raining again but you know we've had a lot lately but
Yeah.
Oh my gosh
family
I am I grew up in Connecticut and my parents are still there and it seems like they've had worse weather than we've had here. That even when we have like that never makes it over because I'm like oh probably what we have will just blow your way and that hasn't been the case this year at all.
they're in Fairfield
County
so the lower part are in new york.
opposite end of the state. Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah
No. What about you?
How is your has your daughter go on being unearthed through all of this?
My
my cousin was born both to my classes live right outside Philly and one of them is a researcher with pen and genetics research that she her lab is on a rotating schedule of who has to go in and and move samples around it then I think
two mornings a week. But she's the only one there and then she tag teams out. Somebody else comes in. So.
Yeah it's not ideal but he said they've been really good about keeping them you know and if you have it she said if there's ever an issue and we think we're going to overlap, we let somebody know because they don't want them in the same
place also. Really?
Yeah. We're all hard.
Yeah. And it's just, it's frustrating. I mean, it's nobody's fault, but there's so much uncertainty of my students are saying, are we going to come back in the fall or we're going to come back? And I'm like, I don't, I don't know, I don't know what to tell you is. Um, I'm expecting that we're going to see
cases
increased now that people have opened back up. So
we're in, um, we're sort of in different phases throughout the state. So the governor started
were relaxed restrictions, but our county has said we're not. Um, I
think our county is saying we're still
locked down stay in place until May
15
right now. But
So I think some of the businesses up around Indianapolis has started to be able to open on a limited basis, but um you know, I don't know, I think, I think we're doing okay for now because so many of the college kids are gone, so um
our town
is
diminished
by right, you know, so grocery
stores are less busy, which is nice.
Um You know, and I figured out that if I go first, so our grocery store does the senior hours or the
immuno compromised hours
from 78,
but I figured out usually nobody in there, so that's really nice.
I went the other day in the afternoon and I came home and I was like no, I'm not doing that anymore, just more people and they were, you know, nobody was giving each other space, so this is ridiculous, so
that's good.
yeah, that's a matter.
Yeah I mean we're already trying to
figure out what what to do for holidays, you know as this thing is going to be back to normal because we both have immuno compromised family members, we're like well we think we're going to be fine but we don't want to unwillingly, you know, not know and go get them sick, so.
Well yeah.
Yeah.
Did
I come
back?
I
think
I've
always
been
before
and
I met 24
18 so
push
pursue
the internet. Yeah. You're freezing
up to, I don't know.
no I had somebody yesterday, there's no on me
so. So yeah it worked despite despite the internet. So
I am I'm actually pretty good, I'm waiting for my ta to finish grading um the assignment she needs to grades and then I'll pretty much be done. So um I posted a note for one of my classes yesterday and I was like your grades are all in if you want to dispute anything you have until thursday. So when she puts that in I'll send him a message to and say you've got a day if you see something wrong let me know.
And
then
our university offered any of them the option to be passed fail. Yeah so I'm getting emails up and I do pass. They also yeah I'm pretty much done with my work.
I just kind of have to do this grace period of let
me make sure
they're
all
and then I'll be done so. So yeah
I'm ready I'm ready to be done. Yeah
it's
it's
filling
with your time
but.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah we're it
looks my guess is that we're going to be online for at least part of it. But I'm hoping that I'm hoping they figure out some way so we can at least get face to face again. Because I miss I miss seeing my kids. I miss you know face interaction and we can usually get really
good discussions
growing going
and I miss that. Yeah
we'll
see.
meaning. Absolutely.
Well
you
too too good
luck with everything