Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay thank you. Mhm. Park so I'm going to have a lot of problems man. This is done. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. What about you? 50? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That's my car. Mhm. Program from Hello?
How
are you?
Oh you hadn't noticed me huh?
Okay. How are you today? Good.
Good here enjoying the game Lakers. Yeah.
From L. A. How about yourself?
You're far away. Huh? That's good. How is it out there? Is it's pretty pretty bad when it comes to the uh to this coronavirus. Yeah
sir.
Well
you are.
it's
it's getting better but mm I don't know I guess just people don't they don't listen they just want to go out. Especially out here being that it's a big city you know you know I mean I live in England would but we're based I'm basically part of L. A. County. So so the numbers were all included with the same numbers and out here I think it's By 278,000 I think That that are infected. But then again we have 11 million people out here and have a county. So it's not really that that much. Yeah.
That's
And I don't understand what's the big deal about not wearing a mask. Do you think it's maybe
a lot of people, it's just political thing with them. I mean I don't understand
because
a lot of people, I mean I've heard a lot of people their mentality is, well I have rights. I mean you know, I'm not supposed to put a mask on it but
I'm not, you know, I don't I don't
get that sometimes.
Right. Right. Yeah. I mean you know personally me I try to stay you know indoors I kind of everything I need. I it's true delivery. Um I can honestly tell you that I haven't been to a physical store in a while and already
I mean because it's you know like you know like I'm you know I'm telling you a lot of people they don't I just don't miss and they don't you know they don't care and you know I'm a caregiver that's that's one of my jobs I care for the elderly so I gotta be on the lookout every time I'm out on the street. So you know
what sometimes you you have to have that mentality. I mean not just because I work in this but I mean we all have a mother. We all have an anti I mean you just got to be you know a little worry for them. Right. I mean sometimes a lot of people that are young, they're like ah you know what I'm just going to get and it's just it's going to be like a simple code. It's not gonna be the same for every, you know, for the for the for the older people. Right. Yeah.
They
will
Do you think
people think
they were,
that's
got
to
be
sad
for you to
you?
I mean yeah, I mean I understand that you don't think that way, but you're thinking
you're saying what you're saying is that maybe a lot of people that's just their mentality when it comes to seniors.
That is just
one
on
1.
correct.
I
get
you.
And I
think you have to be in that situation to understand and to see that because I get what you're saying. I mean I work you know I mean I work this is a senior building. I mean it's a it's a residential. So I mean you all you have to and you know what I'm very social so I'm always speaking to to the seniors and you see that a lot you hardly see family members out here. You know looking out for the for you know it's either parents or grandparents and that's sad. I mean because sometimes you don't want to think about it but what we're heading that way right. I mean we're all going to become seniors and I think
that
exactly. Because nowadays it seems that I mean you know with all these um early diseases that you know that people are getting the youngsters, diabetes and all that. I mean I I don't really think that you know that they like you say right. I mean we get there I mean but I mean it's I enjoy my job. It's a pretty good
job. I mean and you know why I enjoy because it's my mother I do it from my mom's.
mean you know
what
was she um she applied for for the for the health care. I mean she I have three sisters and I have a brother and they were kind of like, no, no I mean she didn't want anybody out of the family basically. So you know what my line of work is computers. So it was more easier for me to help her out in that way because I mean
I can
basically take my job with me and you know anywhere I go.
Yeah. Yeah.
But what kind of work do you do?
ST
Oh you go you
go to
school.
So that's what what kind of what kind of uh career is that? I mean what what what are you
what are you planning on doing after you get out of school with the career?
I don't know.
So
basically your schooling is on hold right now because of what's happening. Yeah.
just not
in person,
that's great. I mean and it's hopefully you know you you get through with your with your education and you get the job right? I mean because out here, I mean I was going from computer applications, I was just going to get certified. I mean because I didn't want to do the whole, I think it's like three or four years and you know what, it's it's a lot of competition, it's a lot of people that are that are studying the same thing, so it's really hard for you to, so basically when I finished school I kind of, you know, did mike, how can you call it my side hustles. I mean now, you know, a lot of people are doing that, you know, when it comes to the Youtube, social media and stuff like that. So I kind of went towards that
way,
then going out to a personal place and you know, and trying to get a job that way, which
is, you know, it's working out, it's working out, I mean, I think I'm good
when it comes
to computer work. Yeah,
Well,
you know
what
I
mean?
I do this, this is, you know, this is just, this is just a little extra. Um,
I work
in um, I'm pretty sure you've heard about android boxes and um, and video shields. Fire sticks. Right?
Yeah, so I kinda, I do that and
then I
do some projects online. I do a little bit of operator and stuff like that. So it's it's just different, different stuff, you know that I
but I don't like, you know and then this the caregiving, so I try to
stay, you know, a little occupy with one thing and the other if
you know.
exactly. Nowadays,
I mean you got to see it that way, right? Because I mean, you know what and it's not necessarily true what you're saying because out here there's a lot of people that are just, you know, they just get a regular job let's say for example at Mcdonald's and they just stick to that, you know, I tried to tell them sometimes, you know what a you should go towards, you know working on something else and just stick into just one job and then and being that they're like really young. I mean there's a lot of youngsters out here that are um obviously they're not going to school right now, so they're trying to get, you know, their little jobs and I try to, you know, tell them, but I guess it's not for everybody, you know, the
social
media thing. Yeah.
So how is he uh this uh the the strikes and all that, Do you see that out there? Mhm. You
know this now?
You know what the
you know the
you
know
what,
you know what the black lives matter and all that.
What?
You weren't
really too worried about it. Right,
What?
What is your opinion on that, dude? What do you think this? Is it a is it a bad thing? A good thing?
Well,
I understand,
I'm not
even seeing
it that way, but Yeah.
You
know what
I think it was uh Yeah, I think it was a bad thing would happen to, you know, to this guy too. What's his name Floyd?
Yeah, but I'm not with the reaction. I'm really not, I don't understand it. And you know what, I I I tell you this because I mean I I experienced the a riot here in on 92 basically I understand what their you know what the that they're upset, but the rioting and I don't get that. What's what's what's the point? Mhm. What do you
gain
by doing that?
What?
Did
he box?
He just box not so long.
Now I know you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
He basically
he
basically
um fought another Youtuber, right? Yeah,
exactly.
Ok. I know who you're talking about.
He was
he's gone.
And you know what that's that and you know what now that you brought that up who speaks about these small businesses that are not opening anymore. Nobody, I don't hear it in the news. I just hear about what's happening to you know to the the arrest and in this book. But what about these people? You know, they
need help but nobody mentions them for some reason.
And it's not gonna I don't I don't know. I honestly don't think it's gonna stop anytime soon. You heard about what happened in Wisconsin? Not so long ago. Right.
Yeah. They just shot another guy. Um So basically the guy I guess I guess he was trying to stop a fight or whatever um law enforcement got there and basically he was trying to get back into his car. You can see it, you can basically put on Youtube just put shooting in Wisconsin. So the guy tries to go back in his car. The cop for some reason I don't know why it was two cops. They could have done it differently that he shot him in the back while he was trying to get in his car. So that's you know what I think I mean I don't hopefully not but this is kind of it's going to become a civil war but if it keeps up this is going to get bad
it's
gonna
get bad.
I
love
that.
that's good.
They're
put
on
the
spot.
Yeah that's that's what they say that sometimes um you got to be with your with your partner under any circumstances. I mean you cannot and I'm guessing the guy just kind of just left the you know the police um job because I mean he couldn't stand it right?
Yeah. That's alright,
that's alright.
What?
That
doesn't make any sense. No.
And
you heard about what this guy did, right, Not so long ago he came back and and try to sue somebody the family members and I'm guessing that was kind of like bringing it back. Why why do that?
He
doesn't
care.
totally
different.
So that
kind of tells you who was the bad guy in the end? Huh?
But
you know
what
I mean? It seems that now it has it has gotten a lot of you know a lot worser and I think in a way it has to do, it starts off with way up there with the government with the main guy, you know who I am, you know who I'm talking about,
yeah
and and I guess in a way they feel, you know, a lot of law enforcement, you know they feel they have rights, you know now they have more green lights with the petitions and all that. This guy's has been signing right now,
not just with law enforcement but with Ice, I mean I think the Ice triple their employees now
and so you know what I mean? It's I think it starts from there I think
they they have they have the control and I guess you know the citizens are the ones that have to pay for bad decisions basically. I mean that's how I see it.
that's
example.
Yeah, that's true, That's true. You got a good point there. I mean, um hopefully, you know, you know, there's, you know, there's a change coming, you know, any time soon, you know, now that we have in the elections, hopefully we'll have a uh you know, great news, right? Because if we don't I don't know, I don't know what's going to happen. Right?
You know
what,
it's
been, it's been four years and every time I hear him speak, I just can't picture him as a president. I'm sorry. He doesn't have it up there in his, I mean, most of these speeches is towards somebody else. He wants to blame somebody else, the democrats. But he doesn't he doesn't say what what he wants to do for the people. He doesn't say, you know, the changes. It's always, I mean, that's just his mentality and I mean I honestly think Obama was a great president. I mean just compared to this guy and and I think biden will be a way better president than than than than trump because this guy doesn't doesn't have it. I'm sorry that he
doesn't. Yeah.
You know
what you know what I
didn't
vote when Hillary and trump? Um But you know I I question I question a lot of people that didn't vote for trump and I just had a simple question, how could you vote for somebody that didn't have any experience in politics? I don't get that. That's that's just that's just my only question. How can you do that? How can you put people at you know yourself at risk as a citizen but in somebody in in a job that doesn't have a clue of what he's gonna do. You
know what I'm I see the other guy. I don't even know the vice president's name. What was his name? Pence.
I honestly think he'll do a better job of being a president than than than trump.
exactly that. Yeah exactly that's why you know um And yeah well hopefully um hopefully everything changes in november.
Yeah.
Well
good.
I
didn't know I didn't know this.
What?
Yeah. I wonder what's
his history with being close to a woman? I don't understand that. Right
that's true.
Yeah. I mean yeah well hopefully you know
we have great news. I mean I'm going to try to register to vote. I'm guessing I'm still I still have time to register. Right
You already
registered.
And how are they going to do it? Are you are you gonna go to the to whatever place you're registered to or they're going to do it through mail? Do you do you have any information on that
november?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure
a lot of people are gonna go towards mailing it in, right? I mean they don't want
to risk it because I mean I've seen like here where where my mother lives um You you basically have to wait outside to you know to while you get a spot to vote. And that's sometimes it's a it's a pretty big line out there so I don't really think I want to be stuck out there. Yeah. Just you know just to be safe.
think that's the best the best choice. Right? Yeah.
All right. I guess so. We're way past our time. Huh? 7:33. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. I mean it was nice talking to you. I mean what is is this is this your first one or because you you can get for you know that? Right?
same one. I got one more
left and you're the first you're the first female that I you know that I did this with. Because the other guys were both males. So I mean it was it was it
was
really into it was nice I having a conversation with you.
Okay. All right. You take care.
Good luck.
All