hold
on
and how are you doing?
Yeah, I've been below and I was like it was taking a bit
doing well. Thanks, how about you?
Yeah.
Mhm. Oh silly all the way on the other side of the country.
Um Work I think we're slowly
getting better. Maybe things
are
things are more people already infected but the rate is really, really slow. It's definitely slowing down here, which I'm I'm shocked about um how about you? How are things
out there?
Yeah.
Have you noticed how many fewer people or bang like they're supposed to be doing? Because I felt like Philadelphians are notoriously difficult, right? Like we don't have a reputation and unfortunately it's kind of deserved. So I was the people really did it first like they were following stuff and now it's like I feel like now more people than not are just not doing what they're supposed to be doing. Like I just see people out all the time standing next to each other like no masks. It's
no.
I
would.
Ok.
I
I don't get it either. I think that people have made it a political thing which like a virus doesn't have politics. I don't know, it's just a virus can't tell like um I think it is a partially political thing, but I also think like in true american fashion some people have just decided that like I'm bored of the pandemic so it's over now just decided that it's over because I'm just bored of it. Like they just I personally decided not to follow the rules because they just don't want to follow them anymore because it is inconvenient. I get it. Like it's definitely something to think about that you didn't have to before, you know like you can just run into a store before and now you really might like have to sit there and plan out like I'll only go like once a week or something.
Yeah, I'm
Absolutely.
I totally agree. I remember right when this was like sort of, I'm gonna say like early March when it was starting to really spread here. Um I actually studied microbiology and so it seems we've been talking about since like december because it's been a concern for us. I remember getting shows that I used to work in a senior living facility and I got upset because I was like if this fire for the other way around where mostly sounds so more been horrible. I'm sorry. It was the other way around were mostly killed Children, people would care more, but
at
first had this reputation is there like, well, they're old anyway. Those are old anyway. So what do I care? They were probably going to die in a month. What? Like, I feel like people
can
neglect
seniors and the elderly. I feel like
that's
just
my
personal
thoughts.
I
don't know.
All
Yeah. I feel like, I don't know. I saw I saw so much neglect. Like I don't I really don't know about you. Like if you work in a facility or if it's more like a one on one care situation,
I don't
want
to
drive too much. Gosh, okay. I I worked in a few living facility and um even they're not really meant to be used as nursing homes and stuff. They end up being turned into nursing homes for people
who like can't accept that. like oh my mom really does need to be in a nursing home right? There are people who are in denial. I think There's a lot of seniors who end up there and so it's like they're not getting the care that they really need. Um nine times out of 10, the family member is not visiting, they're not helping, they don't care, like
I
just lost
so much, so much technically legal neglect and abuse, it just really really broke my heart. Maybe you're really
sad.
if we're
lucky like. Yeah.
Good.
is it? Really? Oh that's wonderful. Oh
that's
good,
Got
it.
that's really cool. Honestly.
Yeah.
Uh currently um just honestly kind of finishing up stuff online. Uh I've been working in the lab as well. That has changed a lot of course. Um Yeah, it's kind of crazy, let's say everything that's going on with that. But mostly
my work in the lab and then a school I'm about
to
finish
yeah about to finish this degree in microbiology. So here's crossing.
it's good.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to get my certification. Um So this position called Medical Lab Science which is exactly that sounds like you're committing to mostly focusing on um like you know medical related lab work. But there's
there's other microbiology things. There's a lot of like food positions and food positions and industry positions and waste management. Um But you know like not so glamorous but I'm yeah I'm gonna be sort of finalizing that decision during this semester because I have to apply for like postcards and stuff. So it's a hard twist because I really love everything so it's hard
to choose
just not in person actually we went back today.
And
so Yeah. Yeah.
Got
to get
Absolutely.
good. That's
that's
So what do you, what do you do with computers in particular?
Like
what
what do you
like
to do?
got
it.
Well,
touch
it.
That's really
Absolutely.
I feel like
I definitely feel like I don't know what the date is on this. I could be totally wrong. I think that So you said a lot of people are doing, I don't really know many people who are just doing one thing, right? Like if they're doing well, they're probably like combining 14 different things into like, you know, their side hustle almost is their main hustle. Um yeah.
Yeah.
That's
true.
No, I agree.
it
in terms of what I feel like I remember in fact
begins
june
and
like
they were like so many strikes and protests.
Things were really pretty bad and Philly to the point that like when the national news was talking about like devastation due
to the protests, I'm like that's downtown. That's Philly. Like um It
was
no, no, what I'm saying, it was really bad here. The protests were really tense here. Uh like it was like day one of the protests and I saw I saw a cop knock someone over and I saw someone run up and knock over the cop and then like someone kicked the cop. It was just like, it was, there was a physical altercation, altercations with police. It was,
I'm clear, I'm not saying that like I'm saying that politically neutral, I just mean it was really severe. There was a lot of looting. Um there was a lot of blowing up of a Tms for weeks and weeks. Like people tried to blow up a. T. M's like you would just hear echoing at like three AM. Um There was a lot of stuff going on here with that.
Um I feel like, listen, it's not only it's my place as a white person to be like
half
star, just like so
sad.
No.
no, no, I'm just being serious. I really feel like it's, I think it's important. I know people always joke about like saying like, I don't check your privilege, but I do think it's important to recognize that like just like a man wouldn't understand necessarily what it's like to be treated in the world as a woman. It's not my place to say. Like I know what it's like to be a person of color because I don't and so I feel like the, the evidence is there, the stats are there and it doesn't, it just doesn't add up like it doesn't add up that the cops are behaving fairly treating people fairly, jailing people fairly searching people fairly that like the evidence is just not there.
I
got like,
George George Floyd. Yeah.
I
end up,
I agree. But at the same time like maybe maybe I'm just overly skeptical, but I, I don't personally care
for this, this human, I guess you could say, but I remember um, jake paul who you don't know if you've heard of? He's like a famous Youtube guy. He's very successful. His um he and his brother have been like very financially successful due to Youtube. Um And
he posted
on social.
he did. Yes.
We posted on what would have been his brother, but then it was one of them. I don't know. I can't tell them apart. I feel bad to say. But
he posted
on
social media.
Yes. I
think,
I feel bad that he posted on social media that he was fucking out there looting. He posted a video of himself looting. Which first of all you're dumb and second of all you're
he's wealthy
as anything. He ended up, I think the police ended up arresting for it. Like they were like you posted on social media, like there's just a video of you dispatching a window. Like I think a lot of people who were looting. We're not actually upset about what happened. And they were just like, look free stuff. I think that's more, that's what I agree. Like I think the, I don't think there was a reason to be so, I don't know. Like I know of a lot of small businesses downtown. Yeah, They're in between a Dunkin donuts and a foot locker, but like they were already struggling to stay open due to the coronavirus and now they're never going to open again. Like what was, what was that accomplishing? What was the point?
It's
I agree. And especially like I said, consider how bad things are that. This is not like normal operation, right? This is due to the coronavirus and everything. So many businesses already struggling to stay open. So I feel like it was like a double whammy of like,
what happened?
I, that's the thing
like
I,
I, to me like people always act like, uh, when people say that like, you know, like some cops are good, but like, uh, there was a famous cough from Philly. I honestly was definitely risen from new york. I honestly can't remember. But there was a whole thing that went on. He ended up exposing like corruption within his department, he left because it was like a whole big thing. He hated the way that they were acting. They like, he ended up in like a mental hospital for two months. They like involuntarily committed him. Like What I mean is if you're in like a life, I've never been in the armed forces personally.
But
I can totally
imagine that if I were in a war zone
and I admire unit with me, I would want to have 100% trust that they would have my back and that I would have theirs. And I feel like that mentality carries over to the police where they're like I need my unit to trust me and I need I need to trust my unit. And so if something bad happens, if the cops abusing their power, if they're like racially profiling the other cops feel like they can't say anything because they're like then you know I'll be shunned right and
then I'll
be
the
bad
guy.
Yeah. I mean I think he I think even like his dad was a cop like this is not a dude who didn't know how the cops were. I think he was just horrified by what you saw. Like he if they saw something going wrong, like he would say like, oh we should report that. And it's like is I don't know why I guess this captain like laugh at him like it's not fucking funny. I'm sorry, sorry.
It's
not like it makes me so fucking mad. Because I remember like I guess the first Time I really heard about it in particular. Yeah, I learned about Bradley hang and everything. But I remember when Trayvon Martin was shot back in August, 2012, he wasn't that much different in age for me. And I remember just thinking like the way everyone was acting, how disgusting everyone was acting. The fact that George Zimmerman never went to jail when he murdered a kid in cold blood. Like what the I remember you so upset by and a lot of people are like, well I don't know, you shouldn't have been wearing a hoodie wearing hoodies illegal
now
like Oh,
like
I just,
Yeah. I heard like everything that he's done since then has shown that he doesn't care, doesn't take
it
seriously.
Like he ended up in possession of the gun that he used to kill Trayvon martin. Like I think he actually is in jail again for something totally
unrelated
like Yeah,
robbery.
Yeah. I suspect, I feel like it's so the more you learn about it, it's like you feel so helpless. You literally are like you can protest, you can sign a petition, you can demand better. You can try to be racially sensitive and you're like, you just sort of run up and rent the guns out of their hands and be like everyone could do everything right, But until the police stopping racist and shooting people for no reason, like it never feels like it's never going to stop.
It honestly
feels
like that.
I unfortunately do know what you're talking about. Yeah.
Mm
I agree.
Great.
I agree.
I agree. I think I completely agree. I think that it's like how kids, you know learn what they learn from their parents. I feel it's like the same way with the government, it
trickles down, you know what
I mean? But the rhetoric of the president, he decides what's acceptable. Like I mean I was probably too young to understand but if I think back to it I think about like all the racism that particular like like people who are muslim, like people who were like you know from the Middle East, all the racism and attacks that they faced after 9 11 right? Because suddenly everyone was a terrorist. Like the fact that what if George Bush hadn't been like let's definitely invade Iraq. But if he was like let's definitely not there, let's definitely not go to Afghanistan, I almost wonder like would that not have increased? Like would there have been fewer attacks maybe? And similarly, I think that because of the rhetoric of the Cheeto in chief, you end up with people who feel like it's okay to be sexist, it's okay to be racist. It's okay to be vile. It's okay to be disrespectful towards people who are different from you. Like I think he sets the message in that way, you know?
Yeah. I mean it's like I remember I remember after the day after the election, I don't know what it was like for you. But I remember like all of us like feelings a very liberal city, right, pennsylvania ended up going to trump which was very upsetting. Although he didn't come here a lot. There's a lot of pennsylvania that's like Coal country, former coal Country, there's a lot of really deeply conservative beliefs. So it was surprising. Not terribly surprising, but I remember after he was elected and he did win so much of the popular, you know, he didn't win it. I remember everyone was sort of just sort of like side on each other. Like did you vote for him because I didn't vote for him and everyone insisted they weren't but somebody was voting for him. And I feel like if after everything that's happened over the past four plus years people can still be like yeah, I would vote for that guy. Like there's no hope for us. That sounds really dramatic, but like there's no hope for this country
if
that
happens.
I
totally agree. I think it I was like, I was super excited to vote for Obama, you know what I mean? Like genuinely made me happy to vote for him and then I voted for Hillary. I don't mind saying so because I was like, I couldn't even bring myself, first of all, I would I would never ever vote for trump ever in a million years. But also I, even though I didn't necessarily love all of her policies, I was like, well I'm not voting for the other guy and so if she's going to run against him that I have to vote for her and similarly, I'm not like I never even have to think about it. I didn't have to be like, usually I was elections. I like, I'm such a nerd. I'm like, so careful. I live with the positions of the candidates. I'm like, how am I going to vote for it? Once again, I don't care if biden's for like forcing every american to own a llama instead of a car. I don't care. I'm voting for it. Like, I don't care because you are like, and I think that I feel like that because usually
I like
it
was
It
uh the guy who's, Yeah, my pants,
he hears something like, I feel like donald trump is malicious but incompetent and stupid. Mike Pence to me is malicious, but he's very smart, which almost could be work.
Yeah, I agree. Yeah,
I'm thinking about mike pence because I always heard people say that, like, people be like, there's always mike pence and
then I'd be like, oh God, there's always mike pence. I always fixate on the fact that he insisted he cannot be alone with a woman and that's not his wife, You're a grown man. Like I'm not trying
to be funny
how?
Oh yes, he's extremely religiously conservative. Same with his wife. And so he always says that like he would never be alone with a woman who's not his wife because he feels it's disrespectful to their marriage and not not appropriate in the eyes of the Lord.
I'm sorry. Does that mean that you couldn't let's say you have a nice, like you can't spend time with your niece because that's not okay in the eyes of the Lord. Listen, I don't know that I'm the authority on what's okay in the eyes of the Lord. But I do feel like the Lord was pretty cool on family. Like at least the christian god that I learned about you wouldn't be like oh yeah I can't be alone through niece.
How?
yeah also I
don't want to be in a marriage where I think about it. Imagine if I was like my husband doesn't let me be alone with another man. He would be like girl get help. Like this doesn't sound like a good relationship. I don't know. That's so weird. God.
I didn't
I think you I think you do but probably I am registered. That's why I honestly don't know but I'm assuming it's probably
running
out of food. Yeah
You can select a mail in ballot, your request one and then you can get it and then if you if you get the mail in ballot you can send it back like now. Like I don't think you even, you don't really have to wait until close
to it. Yeah, I have, I haven't decided yet. What I'm gonna do, I honestly
really haven't decided.
huh.
absolutely.
I agree. I'm leaning towards mailing mailing in my palette. Yeah.
I did do it with the primary earlier this year and there was no problem. It worked super well. It was looking at my about came and filled it out and send it back. Wasn't a big deal, so yeah.
were sorry. You were very interesting conversations.
Yeah, this is my third. This is my 3rd 1.
good.
you
see.
absolutely. Yeah, it was really nice. It's really nice to meet you.
You too.
Thanks. You too.
Bye.