SPEAKER_L: I'm boring number 25 minutes. What about joseph what? Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. One. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Actually. Okay. Well, mhm Oh yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I hurt you
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: doing. Good
SPEAKER_L: Me
SPEAKER_R: tired.
SPEAKER_L: too. I've been sick all week.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Um Just like normal sick.
SPEAKER_L: No, I had to go get a covid test two days ago.
SPEAKER_R: Oh goodness. Do
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: putting,
SPEAKER_R: when those results come in?
SPEAKER_L: I got him this morning. It was negative. My husband had to go to because we figured if he had it that I had it and vice versa. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right so y'all are good? That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's just a sinus infection or something now. I don't know. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: What part of town like? What part of the usa all from?
SPEAKER_L: Um We're in north Carolina, coastal north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: Which part?
SPEAKER_L: Um We're in shell out. It's the bottom, like the little hook on the bottom of north Carolina, right at the south Carolina border for about
SPEAKER_R: IsA
SPEAKER_L: 15 minutes from the ocean.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um I'm a student at Duke so I'll be flying there soon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How exciting. Well, don't come before monday because we're supposed to have a hurricane I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: They're watching
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it now. I think it's close to, should be in florida by tomorrow maybe.
SPEAKER_R: It's the one that starts with the I write whatever its name is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But they don't pronounce it with and I they pronounce it with and he, that's a weird name.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm flying out next saturday so hopefully things will have calmed down a little bit done.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure they'll be okay by then. I don't think it's supposed to be a big bad storm or anything. So what are you going to school for Medical?
SPEAKER_R: Um No I am currently majoring in sociology and getting a minor in economics so probably something like consulting after.
SPEAKER_L: I do your title work at a car dealership.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's fine. Um Have you been going in like how how's work been affected by all of this?
SPEAKER_L: Their business as usual. I mean we have a couple of employees to go around and sanitize everything and keep up with all that and you know, everybody has your face mask now all the time while we're there and I work in the office. So I have to other females in the office with me all the time. So there's no six ft between us. Really?
SPEAKER_R: wow. So are you so you're still going in then? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Okay,
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And the crazy part is the government started the P. P. P. Loans. So I was working part time and then they moved me to full time so where everybody else was kind of falling off I was getting pulled in more. It's crazy. It's been a struggle because I have three kids. They're all in school from
SPEAKER_R: My goodness.
SPEAKER_L: 11
SPEAKER_R: How old?
SPEAKER_L: 11 13 and 16. So most people think that it's easy because they're older and they can handle the home school on their own but it's not because they want to hide it and say they've done it when they didn't
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah. Is your husband like spending time with them or is he still going to work as well?
SPEAKER_L: he works at the electric co op. So Um he's spending time with them. His hours are good, he's off by 330 every day so he comes home and work an hour longer than him. Usually he cooks and does a lot of stuff around here. And they've been cleaning a lot more since they've been home, but they've been home since March.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How's like, has has the school like come out with more information about what they're gonna do come fall?
SPEAKER_L: Um They sent out a survey about a month ago for everybody in the county to fill out and they were asking if we want to do like a B days where some students would go and then some would stay home and then they flip flop them back and forth to make sure there weren't too many going at one time And then all the parents sit in and about 75% wanted to do the a. b. days, But the county decided that the 1st 4.5 weeks would need to be online anyway. So I just went ahead and signed my knock. All three of mine are doing the first semester at home. I figured Then then going in at 4.5 weeks, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, it's just like, it's insane to be a student right now. Um I know so many people who are like taking gap semesters or gap years now at this point because it's like, you
SPEAKER_L: nobody
SPEAKER_R: know, you're
SPEAKER_L: knows what they're, have you been going to classes or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so we had to like, we're starting a little earlier, we're starting like a week or two earlier and we're ending by thanksgiving, so like like thanksgiving break and like winter break is just all one big break our semester and then um and like uh we have to completely restructure all of our classes. Like I do, we have to re register for classes and a lot of professors have opted for like an online like learning kind of thing. Um Yeah, it's just like the university has taken a lot of measures to make sure that like to help us social distance, like they spread out housing, they bought a bunch of like apartments off campus to help students because I mean it's a rich private school, like they have the facilities to do that. Um And yeah, it's just like we also had to sign off like we have to agree to if we get covid like to get treated by the hospital and they kind of like marked a couple of dorms as for quarantine, like when students get covid they're going, they're, I think they're taking more of approaches, like not if students get covid, but when because like what are you going to do when you have like several 1000 college students were still gonna want to drink and party like?
SPEAKER_L: At this point it almost feels inevitable. I mean, you can't stop people from being people, every, every person has to have some amount of social interaction. It's just unhealthy to not be around other people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um we're all required to like social distance and wear masks, which obviously is good and will help, but like there have been athletes that have already gone back to start training and 10% have already tested positive so
SPEAKER_L: School
SPEAKER_R: we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: is supposed to start I think Kind of, this sounds horrible. I think the day is the 17th, but I mean it's online so they'll start shooting out emails himself over the next couple of weeks. But I know they wanted to start football Even though they're doing all online classes, the 1st 4.5 weeks they want to bring in the football players, 10th, 11th and 12th. Only returning players. I don't know what sense that makes to start warm ups and stuff and they're supposed to start that monday.
SPEAKER_R: next monday
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This coming monday like two days from now and that's crazy considering they can't sit in the classroom together, but they want them to go out and I don't know, I mean my
SPEAKER_R: and tackle
SPEAKER_L: son played
SPEAKER_R: each
SPEAKER_L: football
SPEAKER_R: other.
SPEAKER_L: a little bit last year and they had the big gatorade bottles and they just squirt them in each other's mouths, you know, I just, I don't know how that's going to go. I don't know. I'd vote for sitting in classrooms before getting all sweaty and drilling all over everything together what they're doing, what they think is right, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's all just like I like we don't we don't even know like what next week is going to look like let alone like by the end of the semester is just like we could very well get sent home halfway. Like uh you just, you know, living day by day.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. And I know here we have Holden Beach, Sunset Beach, we have Oak Island, we have the outer Banks, all these beach towns right here. Like we're the only walmart, the town with the only walmart in like big grocery store in the middle of all of these beach towns that people from Ohio and west Virginia and florida and all these different states flocked to during summertime. And it's been a crazy tourist season because not only could we not find groceries back in March and april, but then all these people came in and started buying all of our groceries to stop their beach house that they rented for a week or two. It's been nuts here.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. And it's really scary going out just like food shopping or to the pharmacy because you don't know who's been there before you. It's not like everybody just in our town going out to do things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's all crazy. Um I did a road trip, I'm currently in Atlanta um but I'm actually from texas, so I did like, I drove up here and um like I remember stopping at a couple gas stations and a couple of like um places and they're just packed like a lot of places without masks, everyone like squeezed like sardines after. Um like it was like a sunday and uh it was like, okay, this is, this is what it is.
SPEAKER_L: they have the lines in the floor and nobody, so there's like a person on each line and then a person in between each one, it's crazy. And then every other person has on a mask, I've been wearing a mask all the time just because I'd feel really bad if I got sick and then my kids got sick or my husband got sick and couldn't work or you know, we have pets and I read that maybe you could give it to your pets and I want to do that well. Which
SPEAKER_R: your kids have been like healthy and all that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they're good. They had a really hard time at first because my kids are very social. They'd like to see their friends a lot, but we've all kind of had to stop all that and they don't really buy now. They do there okay. But there was a lot of getting used to, Especially my 13 year old, she's a social butterfly. So she's had a really hard time just being at home. I'm a 16 year old. He's got three or 4 friends that he still hangs out with. But I mean he knows what he's supposed to do or what he's not supposed to do. As far as spreading germs and stuff. But he's a teenage boy sir. I don't know it's all just kind of a nightmare. I guess. Everything has changed so much.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I remember being sent home like March and it was just like, we
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: don't know if we didn't think we were like by summer, like it should be good and here we are.
SPEAKER_L: That's what everybody said. Everybody said that the heat would make it go away. The heat would help it. But here we are going into fall it's going to cool down and then what and then I really don't know what four weeks are supposed to do. This has been months and months. We had two months out of the year before all of this got really bad right? I don't know. It's just scary to think about what's gonna happen going forward. I guess you're a full time student. You don't have like a part time job or anything.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a, I had an internship in Atlanta because I like a family here, so I was just going to do that, but it was canceled because everyone thought the economy was going to crash.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Um And then I, some random guy like messaged me on linkedin and offered me a virtual internship. So I've been doing that. Um Very lucky, like that was definitely a huge blessing. Um And yeah, but that's like completely remote. I'm just working like uh 9 to 9 to six every day and we're like I just get to be in my Pjs all day. Like I'm
SPEAKER_L: it works
SPEAKER_R: very,
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: very fortunate. Yeah, it was very lucky and like I'm in a very well off place, but I know that so many other people like aren't.
SPEAKER_L: Where in texas are you from? Oh wow. Big city.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was both of my parents are like my dad's a doctor and um my mom's a live octopus, so she draw blood. Um and they're both interacting with like dozens of covid positive patients every day and it's just so scary. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well they know what to do though, especially if he's a doctor in her working in the health care field. She knows what to do. But it's still a scary thought because they're around them all the time. one Little Drop You Know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Um And the thing is my dad actually works in a small town like To the south of Houston, like four hours down south, it's very small um population like 10,000 or so. Um and like the hospital that doesn't have the big resources that like a Houston like nice big hospital has, so um they're just getting like families at a time. Uh and it's it's a small town, they don't have the resources like the hospital being ravaged and like it also just sucks because it's a privately owned hospital, you're
SPEAKER_L: Sorry we've only
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: had her for like two weeks and she's still getting used to the, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um But it's a privately owned hospital, so they're very profit driven, like they were there so stingy about giving out protective gear and like face masks and my dad just had to provide for himself because he's like the hell am I supposed to do um
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My best friend is a dental hygienist And she said that her boss had to drive an hour away to meet some guy in a grocery store parking lot to get some in 95 masks right after all this first started because you couldn't get him anywhere. There was nowhere for him to order them. He just had to find him online and go meet some sketchy going a parking lot to get them. I don't know, it's insane.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Did you all get the, like, did y'all, are y'all fostering the dog or did you all decided to adopt one?
SPEAKER_L: Um My husband went to work one day a week and a half ago and some guy there said, hey I know this older couple, they have a lab and they can't take care of her anymore. Do you know anybody that wants her? And he came home and asked me about it and then you showed me a picture of her and I was like yeah, whatever. So we got her and she's she's a year and two months, which means she's big. But she's still such a puppy because I started researching after we got her. And labs apparently are still puppies pretty much for two or three years. And I know
SPEAKER_R: Young
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: too young
SPEAKER_L: she's chewing on all of our shoes,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: but she's housebroken for the most part, I mean she's not used the bathroom inside and she she she's very smart, but we had to put up a baby gate in our stairs because we have two kitties and I'm very attached to my cats and she just thinks they're toys, she wants to eat them. She
SPEAKER_R: the kids
SPEAKER_L: sees
SPEAKER_R: that were
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: the kids copies?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah they're so happy. They've been on a dog for a long time so they were really happy whenever we finally brought her home they didn't know anything about it. We surprised him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they love her, they love the cats. My daughters one has a hamster, one has guinea pig, we can't take any more animals right now. This place is a zoo.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Big family
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there are six of us altogether. I actually have a stepson who is 1415 and he lives in South Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: up. A lot of responsibility.
SPEAKER_L: A lot of people in our house probably I'm in my daughter's room right now, I was getting ready to do this and my husband's like I'm going to take a shower so I left my bedroom. Okay?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, mm No, the hospital here, it's it's a fairly decent last hospital, but it's not it's not like a hospital in Houston or a
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: big city like Columbia, south Carolina or even something further up in the state here, like Raleigh or charlotte. I mean we're and bronze will kill me And I had surgery four weeks ago and while I was in the hospital, the nurses were talking and there were two patients right down the hall from me who had Covid and I'm like, no, please don't bring it in my room. They come in with like the thermometer thing and I'm like, you don't want to do that does your wife and down good.
SPEAKER_R: Would you um what did you get surgery on?
SPEAKER_L: Um well I'm 37 and I I didn't know that I had fibroids and polyps, so I had to have a hysterectomy, Which I mean four kids. I'm done anyway, you know? But it's been a road to recovery after that. I don't know. I didn't think it would be so difficult I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, what is that like? Like, what do you, what does your body go through?
SPEAKER_L: Well he did mind laparoscopically and they go in through three incisions on your stomach. Unless they have to cut you like a c. Section. But he didn't end up having to cut me. He just did three incisions and he went in and they take all of the parts out through your vagina. So then they sew up the top part of that on the top of bottom to create like a barrier because your uterus and cervix are gone. So you don't have anything in there to hold everything in. So that I mean that's been the roughest part. It just hurts, it's not comfortable. Uh Other than that I mean it's been normal. I've been out of
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: for a couple of weeks because of that, Not because of Covid, I mean, everybody at work is still working
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Do does it throw you like your hormones out of whack? Does it
SPEAKER_L: astra.
SPEAKER_R: change up that?
SPEAKER_L: I still have my ovaries. He wanted to leave him, that's all I have there. He took my tubes, my cervix in my uterus. And he said that if he took my ovaries then it would throw me straight into menopause. So he left them. But apparently when they do the surgery, they tend to go to sleep. So as they're waking
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: back up, you have like menopausal symptoms. Mhm. Yeah. It's like I said, it's been it's been different, Very different. But I wouldn't trade it. I mean, I have my period for 66 days. It was day 66, the day that I went to the hospital for my surgery. And it was bad For 66 days. It was really bad. Yeah. I know. And then you know, I joined a couple of facebook groups and there are women who have gone through it for years and it will stop for a little while and start back and go and go and go and they just kind of deal with it. I just
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: couldn't.
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, this has got to stop. It's not normal. It's not okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No, 66 days. That's Yeah. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: That's a lot. But I want a better now. The doctor fixed me. No coronavirus either. So that's a plus. Which I had to take a covid test the week before my surgery and then self isolate. And that sucks because I was stuck in my room or six days by myself. Nobody could come in or go out because I had to make sure I wasn't going into surgery with coronavirus. But I don't know. But
SPEAKER_R: Do you have an idea of when you're going to go back to work?
SPEAKER_L: um I think I go back in two weeks. I was supposed to have
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: my four
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: week
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: appointment today. I was supposed to have my four week appointment today, but I had to call and cancel it because of me having to have that covid test and I didn't have results yet so they wouldn't see me. So I'll do that next week.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you think anything will ever go back to normal?
SPEAKER_R: I hope um I just, I think there is a large potential for like one school is open for all hell to break goals. Um because like With, you know, there's college students who like, there was a, there was a kind of an informal Instagram poll that um asked some of the freshman who are coming um to duke, like, would you go to a party, like a large party if there was one and 50% said yes. So
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: course they
SPEAKER_R: there's,
SPEAKER_L: would.
SPEAKER_R: you know, people who just want, yeah, like people who want to live life and want to have that college experience. And then there's like elementary schoolers who like don't know better and who will like do discussing things because their kids, but like how do you stop that? And so I think bad things might happen. It's but I I don't think the world will ever like fully go back to normal because you know, with a lot of work places having to adapt. Like I know that some people like workplace have fought like you can't work from home, you have to come in, but now it's like clearly we can. So I think like businesses and jobs are changing, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: They've had to though, they didn't have a choice to see their change and make it more accessible to people or show your doors. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel the same way. I mean there are a lot of kids that go to school every day and you're not going to know if your kid comes home sick and then you and every person in your family are going to get sick and you're not gonna know. So you're going to continue to go to work and everybody there is going to get sick. I feel like you're right. It could it could get bad. Really really bad. Yeah but I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Like my my my sister in law and I were talking about like, you know, if a large and not like enough students get covid, like if they want to shut us down, it's not like they can say, oh, you have a weak get out, which is what they did in March. Because like, you know, they I think we might just have to self isolate on campus and like we'll have to figure it out because you can't just like shut down campus and send international student home. Like
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: we're all flying out and like that's alive. That like that's that's a terrible pr move. Um Yeah. And if like if students start dying, it's just
SPEAKER_L: that's scary. It's really scary to be away from home and I have to go through whole pandemic. But then you know people are a lot crazier than they used to be. There are all these people who think that once we get a vaccine there's some underlying craziness that goes with it. So they're not going to take the vaccine so then it's just going to keep going. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: many conspiracy
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: varies.
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like you can get covid twice which is socially. I think I think it's just that in of itself like brings to question like I am like I'm pro vaccine. Like literally you have to get a vaccine. But the thing is if you can get covid twice. I think that calls into question like the antibodies that you develop and how long they last. Like I can get a vaccine. But what if it's only valid for like three months, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Then what's the point? Mhm. And
SPEAKER_R: The world
SPEAKER_L: lot of people
SPEAKER_R: last.
SPEAKER_L: still won't do it. It's just crazy. It's all nuts. I don't know. I don't know how people did this before with like the spanish flu and H. one n. 1. I mean we were alive then obviously but I don't remember what anybody did. I don't remember. It didn't affect us like this. Nothing has affected us like this in our lifetime. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Because the world is that like so interconnected now? I think it's just like. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And everybody has something to say. All right our time is up.
SPEAKER_R: It was really nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: It was nice meeting you too. Be safe.
SPEAKER_R: Um You too have a great rescue master with your kids,
SPEAKER_L: You too right.