I'm boring number 25 minutes. What about joseph what? Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. One. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Actually. Okay. Well, mhm Oh yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Right.
I'm good. How are you?
Me
too. I've been sick all week.
No, I had to go get a covid test two days ago.
They're
putting,
I got him this morning. It was negative. My husband had to go to because we figured if he had it that I had it and vice versa. Mhm.
Yeah. I think it's just a sinus infection or something now. I don't know. How are you?
Um We're in north Carolina, coastal north Carolina.
Um We're in shell out. It's the bottom, like the little hook on the bottom of north Carolina, right at the south Carolina border for about
15 minutes from the ocean.
How exciting. Well, don't come before monday because we're supposed to have a hurricane I think. Yeah.
They're watching
it now. I think it's close to, should be in florida by tomorrow maybe.
Yeah. But they don't pronounce it with and I they pronounce it with and he, that's a weird name.
I'm sure they'll be okay by then. I don't think it's supposed to be a big bad storm or anything. So what are you going to school for Medical?
I do your title work at a car dealership.
Their business as usual. I mean we have a couple of employees to go around and sanitize everything and keep up with all that and you know, everybody has your face mask now all the time while we're there and I work in the office. So I have to other females in the office with me all the time. So there's no six ft between us. Really?
Okay,
yep. And the crazy part is the government started the P. P. P. Loans. So I was working part time and then they moved me to full time so where everybody else was kind of falling off I was getting pulled in more. It's crazy. It's been a struggle because I have three kids. They're all in school from
11
11 13 and 16. So most people think that it's easy because they're older and they can handle the home school on their own but it's not because they want to hide it and say they've done it when they didn't
he works at the electric co op. So Um he's spending time with them. His hours are good, he's off by 330 every day so he comes home and work an hour longer than him. Usually he cooks and does a lot of stuff around here. And they've been cleaning a lot more since they've been home, but they've been home since March.
Um They sent out a survey about a month ago for everybody in the county to fill out and they were asking if we want to do like a B days where some students would go and then some would stay home and then they flip flop them back and forth to make sure there weren't too many going at one time And then all the parents sit in and about 75% wanted to do the a. b. days, But the county decided that the 1st 4.5 weeks would need to be online anyway. So I just went ahead and signed my knock. All three of mine are doing the first semester at home. I figured Then then going in at 4.5 weeks, you know,
nobody
knows what they're, have you been going to classes or?
At this point it almost feels inevitable. I mean, you can't stop people from being people, every, every person has to have some amount of social interaction. It's just unhealthy to not be around other people.
School
is supposed to start I think Kind of, this sounds horrible. I think the day is the 17th, but I mean it's online so they'll start shooting out emails himself over the next couple of weeks. But I know they wanted to start football Even though they're doing all online classes, the 1st 4.5 weeks they want to bring in the football players, 10th, 11th and 12th. Only returning players. I don't know what sense that makes to start warm ups and stuff and they're supposed to start that monday.
Yeah. This coming monday like two days from now and that's crazy considering they can't sit in the classroom together, but they want them to go out and I don't know, I mean my
son played
football
a little bit last year and they had the big gatorade bottles and they just squirt them in each other's mouths, you know, I just, I don't know how that's going to go. I don't know. I'd vote for sitting in classrooms before getting all sweaty and drilling all over everything together what they're doing, what they think is right, I guess.
that's true. And I know here we have Holden Beach, Sunset Beach, we have Oak Island, we have the outer Banks, all these beach towns right here. Like we're the only walmart, the town with the only walmart in like big grocery store in the middle of all of these beach towns that people from Ohio and west Virginia and florida and all these different states flocked to during summertime. And it's been a crazy tourist season because not only could we not find groceries back in March and april, but then all these people came in and started buying all of our groceries to stop their beach house that they rented for a week or two. It's been nuts here.
I don't know. And it's really scary going out just like food shopping or to the pharmacy because you don't know who's been there before you. It's not like everybody just in our town going out to do things. Yeah.
they have the lines in the floor and nobody, so there's like a person on each line and then a person in between each one, it's crazy. And then every other person has on a mask, I've been wearing a mask all the time just because I'd feel really bad if I got sick and then my kids got sick or my husband got sick and couldn't work or you know, we have pets and I read that maybe you could give it to your pets and I want to do that well. Which
yeah, they're good. They had a really hard time at first because my kids are very social. They'd like to see their friends a lot, but we've all kind of had to stop all that and they don't really buy now. They do there okay. But there was a lot of getting used to, Especially my 13 year old, she's a social butterfly. So she's had a really hard time just being at home. I'm a 16 year old. He's got three or 4 friends that he still hangs out with. But I mean he knows what he's supposed to do or what he's not supposed to do. As far as spreading germs and stuff. But he's a teenage boy sir. I don't know it's all just kind of a nightmare. I guess. Everything has changed so much.
I
love
it.
That's what everybody said. Everybody said that the heat would make it go away. The heat would help it. But here we are going into fall it's going to cool down and then what and then I really don't know what four weeks are supposed to do. This has been months and months. We had two months out of the year before all of this got really bad right? I don't know. It's just scary to think about what's gonna happen going forward. I guess you're a full time student. You don't have like a part time job or anything.
No
it works
out.
Where in texas are you from? Oh wow. Big city.
Yeah. Well they know what to do though, especially if he's a doctor in her working in the health care field. She knows what to do. But it's still a scary thought because they're around them all the time. one Little Drop You Know?
Sorry we've only
had her for like two weeks and she's still getting used to the, yeah.
right.
My best friend is a dental hygienist And she said that her boss had to drive an hour away to meet some guy in a grocery store parking lot to get some in 95 masks right after all this first started because you couldn't get him anywhere. There was nowhere for him to order them. He just had to find him online and go meet some sketchy going a parking lot to get them. I don't know, it's insane.
Um My husband went to work one day a week and a half ago and some guy there said, hey I know this older couple, they have a lab and they can't take care of her anymore. Do you know anybody that wants her? And he came home and asked me about it and then you showed me a picture of her and I was like yeah, whatever. So we got her and she's she's a year and two months, which means she's big. But she's still such a puppy because I started researching after we got her. And labs apparently are still puppies pretty much for two or three years. And I know
that
she's chewing on all of our shoes,
but she's housebroken for the most part, I mean she's not used the bathroom inside and she she she's very smart, but we had to put up a baby gate in our stairs because we have two kitties and I'm very attached to my cats and she just thinks they're toys, she wants to eat them. She
sees
them.
Yeah. Yeah they're so happy. They've been on a dog for a long time so they were really happy whenever we finally brought her home they didn't know anything about it. We surprised him. Yeah.
Yeah they love her, they love the cats. My daughters one has a hamster, one has guinea pig, we can't take any more animals right now. This place is a zoo.
Yeah there are six of us altogether. I actually have a stepson who is 1415 and he lives in South Carolina.
A lot of people in our house probably I'm in my daughter's room right now, I was getting ready to do this and my husband's like I'm going to take a shower so I left my bedroom. Okay?
Yeah, mm No, the hospital here, it's it's a fairly decent last hospital, but it's not it's not like a hospital in Houston or a
big city like Columbia, south Carolina or even something further up in the state here, like Raleigh or charlotte. I mean we're and bronze will kill me And I had surgery four weeks ago and while I was in the hospital, the nurses were talking and there were two patients right down the hall from me who had Covid and I'm like, no, please don't bring it in my room. They come in with like the thermometer thing and I'm like, you don't want to do that does your wife and down good.
Um well I'm 37 and I I didn't know that I had fibroids and polyps, so I had to have a hysterectomy, Which I mean four kids. I'm done anyway, you know? But it's been a road to recovery after that. I don't know. I didn't think it would be so difficult I guess.
Well he did mind laparoscopically and they go in through three incisions on your stomach. Unless they have to cut you like a c. Section. But he didn't end up having to cut me. He just did three incisions and he went in and they take all of the parts out through your vagina. So then they sew up the top part of that on the top of bottom to create like a barrier because your uterus and cervix are gone. So you don't have anything in there to hold everything in. So that I mean that's been the roughest part. It just hurts, it's not comfortable. Uh Other than that I mean it's been normal. I've been out of
work
for a couple of weeks because of that, Not because of Covid, I mean, everybody at work is still working
astra.
I still have my ovaries. He wanted to leave him, that's all I have there. He took my tubes, my cervix in my uterus. And he said that if he took my ovaries then it would throw me straight into menopause. So he left them. But apparently when they do the surgery, they tend to go to sleep. So as they're waking
back up, you have like menopausal symptoms. Mhm. Yeah. It's like I said, it's been it's been different, Very different. But I wouldn't trade it. I mean, I have my period for 66 days. It was day 66, the day that I went to the hospital for my surgery. And it was bad For 66 days. It was really bad. Yeah. I know. And then you know, I joined a couple of facebook groups and there are women who have gone through it for years and it will stop for a little while and start back and go and go and go and they just kind of deal with it. I just
couldn't.
I was like, this has got to stop. It's not normal. It's not okay. Mhm.
That's a lot. But I want a better now. The doctor fixed me. No coronavirus either. So that's a plus. Which I had to take a covid test the week before my surgery and then self isolate. And that sucks because I was stuck in my room or six days by myself. Nobody could come in or go out because I had to make sure I wasn't going into surgery with coronavirus. But I don't know. But
um I think I go back in two weeks. I was supposed to have
my four
week
appointment today. I was supposed to have my four week appointment today, but I had to call and cancel it because of me having to have that covid test and I didn't have results yet so they wouldn't see me. So I'll do that next week.
you think anything will ever go back to normal?
of
course they
would.
They've had to though, they didn't have a choice to see their change and make it more accessible to people or show your doors. Yeah. Mhm.
I feel the same way. I mean there are a lot of kids that go to school every day and you're not going to know if your kid comes home sick and then you and every person in your family are going to get sick and you're not gonna know. So you're going to continue to go to work and everybody there is going to get sick. I feel like you're right. It could it could get bad. Really really bad. Yeah but I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
Now
that's scary. It's really scary to be away from home and I have to go through whole pandemic. But then you know people are a lot crazier than they used to be. There are all these people who think that once we get a vaccine there's some underlying craziness that goes with it. So they're not going to take the vaccine so then it's just going to keep going. Yeah. So
many conspiracy
varies.
Yeah. Then what's the point? Mhm. And
lot of people
still won't do it. It's just crazy. It's all nuts. I don't know. I don't know how people did this before with like the spanish flu and H. one n. 1. I mean we were alive then obviously but I don't remember what anybody did. I don't remember. It didn't affect us like this. Nothing has affected us like this in our lifetime. Okay
And everybody has something to say. All right our time is up.
It was nice meeting you too. Be safe.
You too right.