I hurt you
doing. Good
tired.
Really? Um Just like normal sick.
Oh goodness. Do
you know
when those results come in?
Right so y'all are good? That's crazy.
What part of town like? What part of the usa all from?
Which part?
IsA
okay. Um I'm a student at Duke so I'll be flying there soon. Yeah.
That's
crazy.
It's the one that starts with the I write whatever its name is.
Yeah I'm flying out next saturday so hopefully things will have calmed down a little bit done.
Um No I am currently majoring in sociology and getting a minor in economics so probably something like consulting after.
Oh that's fine. Um Have you been going in like how how's work been affected by all of this?
wow. So are you so you're still going in then? Oh
wow.
My goodness.
How old?
mm. Yeah. Is your husband like spending time with them or is he still going to work as well?
Yeah. How's like, has has the school like come out with more information about what they're gonna do come fall?
Mhm. Yeah, it's just like, it's insane to be a student right now. Um I know so many people who are like taking gap semesters or gap years now at this point because it's like, you
know, you're
Yeah, so we had to like, we're starting a little earlier, we're starting like a week or two earlier and we're ending by thanksgiving, so like like thanksgiving break and like winter break is just all one big break our semester and then um and like uh we have to completely restructure all of our classes. Like I do, we have to re register for classes and a lot of professors have opted for like an online like learning kind of thing. Um Yeah, it's just like the university has taken a lot of measures to make sure that like to help us social distance, like they spread out housing, they bought a bunch of like apartments off campus to help students because I mean it's a rich private school, like they have the facilities to do that. Um And yeah, it's just like we also had to sign off like we have to agree to if we get covid like to get treated by the hospital and they kind of like marked a couple of dorms as for quarantine, like when students get covid they're going, they're, I think they're taking more of approaches, like not if students get covid, but when because like what are you going to do when you have like several 1000 college students were still gonna want to drink and party like?
Yeah. Um we're all required to like social distance and wear masks, which obviously is good and will help, but like there have been athletes that have already gone back to start training and 10% have already tested positive so
we'll see.
next monday
and tackle
each
other.
Yeah. It's all just like I like we don't we don't even know like what next week is going to look like let alone like by the end of the semester is just like we could very well get sent home halfway. Like uh you just, you know, living day by day.
That's crazy.
it's all crazy. Um I did a road trip, I'm currently in Atlanta um but I'm actually from texas, so I did like, I drove up here and um like I remember stopping at a couple gas stations and a couple of like um places and they're just packed like a lot of places without masks, everyone like squeezed like sardines after. Um like it was like a sunday and uh it was like, okay, this is, this is what it is.
your kids have been like healthy and all that.
Mhm. Yeah, I remember being sent home like March and it was just like, we
just,
I
don't know if we didn't think we were like by summer, like it should be good and here we are.
I'm a, I had an internship in Atlanta because I like a family here, so I was just going to do that, but it was canceled because everyone thought the economy was going to crash.
Um And then I, some random guy like messaged me on linkedin and offered me a virtual internship. So I've been doing that. Um Very lucky, like that was definitely a huge blessing. Um And yeah, but that's like completely remote. I'm just working like uh 9 to 9 to six every day and we're like I just get to be in my Pjs all day. Like I'm
very,
very fortunate. Yeah, it was very lucky and like I'm in a very well off place, but I know that so many other people like aren't.
Yeah, it was both of my parents are like my dad's a doctor and um my mom's a live octopus, so she draw blood. Um and they're both interacting with like dozens of covid positive patients every day and it's just so scary. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um And the thing is my dad actually works in a small town like To the south of Houston, like four hours down south, it's very small um population like 10,000 or so. Um and like the hospital that doesn't have the big resources that like a Houston like nice big hospital has, so um they're just getting like families at a time. Uh and it's it's a small town, they don't have the resources like the hospital being ravaged and like it also just sucks because it's a privately owned hospital, you're
good.
Um But it's a privately owned hospital, so they're very profit driven, like they were there so stingy about giving out protective gear and like face masks and my dad just had to provide for himself because he's like the hell am I supposed to do um
Yeah.
Yeah. Um Did you all get the, like, did y'all, are y'all fostering the dog or did you all decided to adopt one?
Young
too young
or
the kids
that were
the kids copies?
That's awesome.
Yeah. Big family
up. A lot of responsibility.
Yeah.
hmm.
Would you um what did you get surgery on?
Yeah. Well, what is that like? Like, what do you, what does your body go through?
You
know?
Mhm. Yeah. Do does it throw you like your hormones out of whack? Does it
change up that?
Well,
That's
crazy.
No, 66 days. That's Yeah. Oh my God.
Do you have an idea of when you're going to go back to work?
you
still
got
Thanks. Yeah,
I hope um I just, I think there is a large potential for like one school is open for all hell to break goals. Um because like With, you know, there's college students who like, there was a, there was a kind of an informal Instagram poll that um asked some of the freshman who are coming um to duke, like, would you go to a party, like a large party if there was one and 50% said yes. So
like
there's,
you know, people who just want, yeah, like people who want to live life and want to have that college experience. And then there's like elementary schoolers who like don't know better and who will like do discussing things because their kids, but like how do you stop that? And so I think bad things might happen. It's but I I don't think the world will ever like fully go back to normal because you know, with a lot of work places having to adapt. Like I know that some people like workplace have fought like you can't work from home, you have to come in, but now it's like clearly we can. So I think like businesses and jobs are changing, but yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Like my my my sister in law and I were talking about like, you know, if a large and not like enough students get covid, like if they want to shut us down, it's not like they can say, oh, you have a weak get out, which is what they did in March. Because like, you know, they I think we might just have to self isolate on campus and like we'll have to figure it out because you can't just like shut down campus and send international student home. Like
we're all flying out and like that's alive. That like that's that's a terrible pr move. Um Yeah. And if like if students start dying, it's just
And
like
and stuff like you can get covid twice which is socially. I think I think it's just that in of itself like brings to question like I am like I'm pro vaccine. Like literally you have to get a vaccine. But the thing is if you can get covid twice. I think that calls into question like the antibodies that you develop and how long they last. Like I can get a vaccine. But what if it's only valid for like three months, you know?
The world
last.
Because the world is that like so interconnected now? I think it's just like. Yeah,
It was really nice meeting you.
Um You too have a great rescue master with your kids,