SPEAKER_L: Hello. I think it's wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? Oh hey it's actually working I was afraid that wouldn't work. Are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Doing pretty good. So uh Wednesday's almost over Almost over. Can't
SPEAKER_R: if you've
SPEAKER_L: wait
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: to get ready to get back to the weekend.
SPEAKER_R: do you have plans?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah actually we're gonna go camping this weekend. We're gonna try a campsite. I'm not sure where you live but I live in Denver so um go find some spot out in the middle of nowhere and do some camping and um you know the outdoors? That's all we all we can do these days.
SPEAKER_R: It sounds so awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Would yourself do you have any plans?
SPEAKER_R: Just the usual. You know, sleep all day.
SPEAKER_L: Sleep
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: all day? Just sit in the house, sleep all day. That's what we call him that the covid vacation. Nothing to do. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm into exists. So if we go camping, it's just straight flat and no trees, no mountains.
SPEAKER_L: now. How man? No no you're in texas you said
SPEAKER_R: Wait, there are trees. My God. But like it's just flat and there's nothing to do.
SPEAKER_L: like I mean you know I imagine texas is pretty hot too so if you have no trees you just imagine you're just gonna boil in the heat. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I've been No.
SPEAKER_L: all our all of our fun stuff here is our clothes. We got no pools open and I think we can only do takeout restaurants.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's just like might as well go out in the middle of nowhere. Right. Something. So Oh man, but how has life been anything exciting going on?
SPEAKER_R: Same old, same old. I'm a college student. So still working on that.
SPEAKER_L: are you going to texas A and M. Or something like that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to U. T.
SPEAKER_L: U. T. You
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: guys actually have a class is going to start for you guys. Are you going to go back?
SPEAKER_R: I'm going back to campus just for the mental health reasons, but all my classes are online, so it's just gonna be me still stuck an apartment.
SPEAKER_L: well at least you'll be, at least you'll be around people your age. I mean that's I mean I was in college, I went, I don't know, I grew up in a small town and I hated my small town and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what I would do if this happened when I was in college, but I mean I never went back for christmas and christmas and thanksgiving and I was there 20 for summer, I was there 24 7 is like I grew up in a place of 20,000 people, nothing to
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: do, nothing to do. I mean I think the nearest we had a movie theater so I guess that was something to do, but that was about it. I would always stay at college. What are you what are you studying for?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying biology,
SPEAKER_L: Oh there you go. Don't you don't do business administration like me, it's useless. Learn from my mistakes.
SPEAKER_R: Is it very boring or just
SPEAKER_L: No it's just useless like like oh you got to be a sort of you and everybody else. You know if you have a biology degree or engineering anything that is technical, you always make a lot more money for the past when you get to be a it's like okay, so your entry level, you know, we could pay the lowest amount possible as opposed to be working with a technical degree, you'll make more money. So that's that's what really was about, right?
SPEAKER_R: I can't believe your town with 2000 people. Oh my God, that's my graduating class. We'll try school.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's just there's nothing to do. So um Yeah so it causes I mean imagine would be starting at the end of august beginning of september
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right now are
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: starting date is like August 26 but I can bet within like a couple of days we're going to have to like shut down again or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I saw some I start like some high school reopened and there was a picture of the hallway and like half the kids didn't have masks on and Georgia anywhere in Georgia. I don't I'm not sure. But now they're talking about shutting down all the schools again in George that's all they need is just one photo of some college kids getting together and then boom they're just gonna shut it down. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: can see corona parties happening. Crazy is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but that's the college experience. You're missing out on the college experience. So this stuff all fun part, you're away from home to do all the fun stuff and then two weeks later we'll be back home and then you won't get to do any of the fun stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I feel the worst for the freshman. They don't get any of that experience to begin with.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I agree. It's just like what I mean, it just begs the question. Why would you pay for tuition? You know what was the where's the discount? But you only get you only getting 30% of the experience to, it means that you should only have to pay 30%. Right? So here's a question. Here's an interesting why did um why did you pick? So you obviously did you get the study through uh prolific? So what made you find this website?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh my boyfriend had uh found it through, I can read it so he was like, yeah, you get money and so it's not super sketchy. You know you get money through Paypal. And so I was like, okay, yeah, side money, you know I'm a college student. What am I going to do? Work from home? So
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So actually that's funny. I actually uh yeah, the beer money read it. Uh It's funny, it's like that's how I found it too. I was like I was like I might as well give it a try and earn some literally is for me to be your money. I you know I have a job and stuff like that so but so literally for me it's just your money. Um We're trying to get into some get into some wine which is a little bit more expensive than beer. So uh I don't know if, I don't know if you're drinking age or anything like that but uh that's what that's what we tend to do when there's nothing else to do.
SPEAKER_R: Just lining down
SPEAKER_L: Just hang out, hang out with neighbors and
SPEAKER_R: cheap.
SPEAKER_L: just I guess just drink. That's basically what we can do because you can't go anywhere. Yeah I can't I can't go out everything like that so um
SPEAKER_R: barks bars closed in Denver.
SPEAKER_L: it's just it's not a show about bars being closed. Who wants to go to a bar? Well it's just like this seems like a really just an uncomfortable I guess. You gotta you gotta be thirsty or something like that to be hungry to go to a bar. You know it's just like we can't, I'm not going to borrow stuff. It's just not it's not the same, it's not as fun, it's not the same vibe I would imagine. Um So I don't so I have a question. So when I was when we were doing this I thought they were supposed to provide us with questions but they didn't get any questions provided. Do you remember that? Do you remember reading that?
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah, It's just free form. We talk about whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so you've done this type of one before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is my 4th and final one.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. So it was that $15 apiece. So that is 60 bucks, wow. You have to do it for 25 minutes. I hope someone has a timer on. I have no idea how uh
SPEAKER_R: I think I can join in at like 301. So
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah you're in a different time zone aren't you? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you were on sent were you on California time? No
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: you're in central.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Have you seen any good tv shows? I need something new. I'm running out of things to watch.
SPEAKER_R: uh, I recently binged. I think it's called warrior. None on netflix.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard of this. Okay so you're the second person who has mentioned that one to me? I mean have you seen a Kingdom?
SPEAKER_R: I have not.
SPEAKER_L: Kingdom? Not not the Last Kingdom or the Kingdom Just Kingdom. It's a zombie. It's like a zombie tv show set in Korea. So I mean the subtitles but it is a great show. I highly recommend it.
SPEAKER_R: hurry.
SPEAKER_L: When else have I seen? Have you seen the new chris Hemsworth movie on netflix extraction
SPEAKER_R: I haven't.
SPEAKER_L: You Gonna Watch? That's another good one. It will keep you keep you guessing at the end. So you've got to give that one to try policy and try and think of anything else that was coming. No bark skin. Dark Skin is a good one. It's a, I don't know which TV show, I don't know what channel it's on but it's a, have you ever seen Outlander? It's kind of like Outlander that's set in America and there's no time traveling. So it's just like the ancient times where they fighting indians and stuff like that and but there's a lot of drama and you know a lot of people dying stuff like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: So um actually it's like that movie. It's before I think it was even before America I think they were just new settlers. He does. Yeah, I watched it. Obviously a number in mind is going and I can't remember camera.
SPEAKER_R: From, from these recommendations, I think you would like warrior nun. Yeah. Along this kind of like fantasy kind of killing lives.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I would definitely give it tracks. My coworker recommended it to me. Um I haven't had a chance to watch it. Have you been have you been have you traveled
SPEAKER_R: Little
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: bit.
SPEAKER_L: all now? You know you've had three months four months of hanging out. Have you given like have you done a road trip or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: nope. The closest place we've been to is just like a state park, which texas has a lot of them. But again, it's just, you know, grass and it
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: looks
SPEAKER_L: plain.
SPEAKER_R: the same. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like well there's some grass rumor, there's grass over there I guess. We're not seen everything. They have the same, they probably have the same dress at your house.
SPEAKER_R: The road trip to the state parks is seeing more grass except the difference is there's cows on this grass.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah cows this part you know I've never been to texas. Is there a place in texas you'd recommend visiting?
SPEAKER_R: I'd probably recommend either Austin or san Antonio once this all blows over. But
SPEAKER_L: I heard the barbecue in Austin is really good.
SPEAKER_R: yes, the barbecue in Austin, there's a whole culture for it. But yeah, I would stick to those two cities. The only problem is they're kind of further south and middle texas. So if you road trip there,
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: it's a very painful drive.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah are you like in lubbock texas or something like that?
SPEAKER_R: No Houston.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you're in Houston now I I heard Houston it's hot. Now here's the question. Do you guys have you guys have like an underground network of tunnels downtown?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It's
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: not as like expansive I guess as people would think, but it's just between like different restaurants and some of the bigger corporations.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So it's so funny. So we had some friends come up from when I lived in Chicago and some friends come up from Houston and I was like it was winter, so I was like well just because there's something like this is the underground in Chicago where you can literally walk anywhere downtown without stepping foot outside because it's like it's snowing, it's cold, no one wants to be outside, and they're like oh that's the same thing as Houston, I'm like why do you guys have an underground network? And
SPEAKER_R: happened.
SPEAKER_L: he's like it's 120 degrees outside And if you're outside for more than 20 minutes you're gonna die. He was telling me about the first time he uh he flew into Houston for a job interview and he parked his rental car, You know I guess across the street or something like that. And he got out and he was like a false black suit 120° outside and walking to his job interview. And uh he was just sweating when he got to the interview, he was like a 10 minute walk and sweating. And that's when they're like what's wrong with you? Are you okay? I've been surprised outside, and they're like oh no one does that, we all walk under and the like the underground thing and it was like uh it's like it's the same thing but for a different reason like polar opposites of like the country as well. I got Chicago and they got Houston once for snow. One for heat.
SPEAKER_R: I've only been to Chicago when it's like my old cold, not the freezing winds that they get, so I'm grateful for that.
SPEAKER_L: Chicago is not found in the winter, it's everybody hibernates. Uh it's just cold. I lived there for four years and I was like, I grew up, I grew up in California and I moved to Chicago and I was like, wow, that was a bad, that was a bad choice. So I picked a spot in between the two, which is Denver. But uh, I would say that Chicago during the summer, the most fun, you're over half. It is just, they have festivals and they have like two or three festivals every weekend, go fun time music. Most of them are donations so you can just walk in and listen to like a band play and just have a good time. But then once probably september october hits. It's just, yeah, she kind of slowly slows down the november heads and everything shuts down
SPEAKER_R: Because the
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: one pair,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the winter snows coming and then it will, I think the last year I was in Chicago, it snowed like a may or something like that and it's just like this
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: just ridiculous out of here. I want to move. There's
SPEAKER_R: pressure.
SPEAKER_L: no reason why you should be snowing in May. I was like this is a bad decision. So then I was able to get out of it. So but are you planning on staying in texas? Because I'm not obviously were you born in texas?
SPEAKER_R: I was not born in texas. I was born in michigan, so.
SPEAKER_L: michigan. Oh did you grow up like during michigan winters and stuff like that?
SPEAKER_R: I was like half, half, you know, I was
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a kid, so I thought michigan winters were fine and fun. Nothing, not like adults who are like, oh, I have to drive through this and all of that. I got to slide through the snow. So it was, it was okay for me.
SPEAKER_L: You didn't you didn't know any better versus all you when did when did you end up moving to texas? Wasn't for college or was it for?
SPEAKER_R: it was for middle school and high school and have ended up being uh college since it's just cheaper for in state. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah of course
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: get.
SPEAKER_R: I think the tuition for University of Michigan for out of state students is like 60,000, so I was like no, I'm okay, take off an extra zero. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean so yeah when I went to college I went to community college for the first two years because I was broke. Um You know I don't have any money so I was like, well it's the cheapest possible college I could go to and then
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: then I transferred to a university. I walked out of college for the only $15,000 in debt with a bachelor's degree. So uh definitely I recommend community personally. I recommend community college because most of the basic courses it's like it doesn't matter where you learn it as long as they transfer,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: like that's all that matters. So um remember we were one of my friends parents, so in Illinois, every weird, they have an interesting program in Illinois Where your parents could pay. So I think when he was telling we looked it up in today's value, if your parents pay $80,000 today, You'll get a free four years college ride When you turn 18. But you have to go to that specific college and it's only for four years. So I guess if you were, yeah, I guess if he was 20 years ago, I guess, I wonder how much college will be in 2018 years. So if you had a kid today and you paid for eight, uh, in 18 years of college was half a million dollars. There's a great deal. You know, if college is the same price as it is today, it was a terrible feel properly. You know, are you taking out student loans or your parents paying for your life?
SPEAKER_R: my parents are thankfully paying, so that's why the price is what it is low.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean good for you because I like, I, like I said, I take out, that's why
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I was, I didn't have, I didn't have a apparent unfortunately to pay my way. So, um, so student loans and then I worked a little bit on the side, but it was really a big source of income. I just lived off rahman cheese and tortillas, just like Prince ideas, enrollment is what I lived off for four years essentially.
SPEAKER_R: no worries, I'm living on that too, it's still like most people diet.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, nothing's changed.
SPEAKER_R: No, I think quarantine started, I was looking at stores like aisles and three things that we're gone. We're rice, uh beans and ramen,
SPEAKER_L: beans, like hard beans, like dry beans,
SPEAKER_R: I think I can beans and like those sort of things.
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever, have you ever tried to soak beans overnight and cook them?
SPEAKER_R: Like I think my family does that with soybeans just to soften them up, but we don't really cook with traditional beans as like the pinto kidney beans as much
SPEAKER_L: I've never, I've never done that. Everybody, like you ever read a cooking website, has
SPEAKER_R: stop.
SPEAKER_L: anything involving beans, like, well you should really soak them overnight and cook them and there is so much better and it's like, yeah, I'm not that committed, it's not a relationship I'm building with the food, I'm about the, this is about getting in, getting out, how quickly can I cook this? Because I got other stuff to do. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Between the cooking and the washing, it's just not much time for eating and other things.
SPEAKER_L: do you guys, do you guys, do you guys have some like family recipes that are you guys are big into? So I'm a big fan of uh cooking in general, but I'm always, I love cook, I cook every night, so I love cooking, but I cook as fast as I possibly can if I can cut Like five minutes off of a recipe by excluding an ingredient that gets gone. So it's just like, oh it's gonna take me 15 minutes to make this garlic oil, I'm gonna throw garlic in the dish and we'll pass on the oil
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: career,
SPEAKER_R: like that philosophy.
SPEAKER_L: it's the same flavor. It's like, you know, so I always try to always try speed stuff up if I, if I recommend a cookbook to you if you want, if you're etcetera in college. Um Jamie Oliver, five Ingredient, five ingredient dishes. I don't know what it is, it's just five things And half the time, you know, he's like half the time I switched stuff out all the
SPEAKER_R: Listen.
SPEAKER_L: time currently. 5°.. I mean what's the difference between green onions and leeks? So uh or onions or something like that. But he
SPEAKER_R: Shallots.
SPEAKER_L: has a lot of Quick, just quick meals like 10 minutes you're in and out. You know like throat like you make a sauce with three of the ingredients. Cook some chicken and some noodles and then boom you're done. So that's what I like doing. How about yourself? Anything, anything, any cool recipes?
SPEAKER_R: I know my family tends to like just stir fry things a lot, like we'll put oil, throwing the vegetables, watch it shrink and like add some salt and honestly it's it's fine. I mean
SPEAKER_L: What's your
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: strength?
SPEAKER_R: need this flavor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I would recommend. So here's something I just learned. I read uh salt if you like scrambled eggs or you like cookie with scrambled eggs. You should salt your eggs 15 minutes before you cook them. And supposedly it helps break down some of the protein in the A. So they're they're fluffy er when you eat them.
SPEAKER_R: I will try it one day when I have time for a few minutes. Sounds like a lot of commitment
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: for scrambled eggs
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: was like, I would be like so we have some I have something I call uh it might not be the most appropriate. I call it mexican pizza. This is when I call it. So it is scrambled eggs, cilantro, green onions, cream cheese in a tortilla and something. Something I read on Reddit actually in one of the food areas which I think it's a great idea, I've never heard of it before is where you know you whisk up your eggs, get a pan hot you pour the eggs into the pan season and whatever you want to do. And then while it's still um not cooked the eggs you put a tortilla on them and the eggs bind to the tortilla. And then you flip the tortilla tortilla and eggs. And so now it's it's almost like a like a taco. You know it's like an egg tortilla taco. And then you cook the tortilla on the other side. And it gets it gets really crispy because now the pan is hot and it comes out to have a crispy bottom with egg on top. And then I thought you could throw cheese like do cream cheese and then lime cilantro, green onions and it's almost like a baja mexican egg pizza. That's like something that I wish I knew I was in college because that would be a lot better than the microwaving uh cheese and tortillas and making cases yesterday. So
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: highly I highly recommend it. Keep on getting this text
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: message
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: in something.
SPEAKER_R: You're good.
SPEAKER_L: My foot,
SPEAKER_R: It sounds
SPEAKER_L: my foot.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's all that's all I've been doing really is going camping and cooking because there's nothing else to do. So.
SPEAKER_R: Do you just cook for yourself or do you have family,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I got
SPEAKER_R: wife
SPEAKER_L: a family so I could
SPEAKER_R: and kids generic?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah I could for my family it's like that the kids get home and then cook and you know hang out and uh sometimes kids help cook. You know help help us cook. But it's mainly just me and it's mainly because injury doing it. So sometimes we go, sometimes we order in jimmy john's or something like that when we're feeling we're feeling fancy because kids are expensive. I tell you what, I've never ever pay for daycare. That is He's here. It's like $25,000 a year just engaged across like buying a car every year. So you know I would recommend uh that you save up for daycare decide because it is just And we have to that's 25,000 a year. So you have to, it's 50,000 a year, 50,000 a year in daycare costs. And the government. Would you ever do taxes only gives you doc what
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: $5000? You
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: can only $5000 When you do your taxes and you paid $50,000 from Jacare. Cause it just doesn't make any sense, right?
SPEAKER_R: How are they dealing with quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: I don't even think they know it exists. Just like we're playing with, we're just playing with mom and dad now and it's like, okay, but mom and dad can't play with anybody else.
SPEAKER_R: No, no.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, you know, yeah. You know, we get to play more. It's like over the weekend I spent 10 hours with one of my kids uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: playing Lagos because that's all we had to do that day. It's like, again, nothing else to do. So we just did Lagos and they built him a lake house, lake house lego native Lagos. So you can park his boats, you know.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's all the fun stage of Children. I'm not gonna lie for my sister and I had to spend 10 hours with our parents. We probably go insane before they did. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's interesting because you know, we have we know people with kids older who are in like high school and then it's like, well, you know, what are your kids do?
SPEAKER_R: Each
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: other?
SPEAKER_L: They must be getting out, you know, they must be doing
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: something, go into their friends houses and whatever. It was like, I wish, I wish he would leave the house because she's in her room and does Tiktok all day long. She hasn't left the house in a week. She's like, I just, I'm thinking about turning our internet off and maybe losing cellphone reception because I could turn off her cell phone internet, you know, to make sure she gets out of the house because she's driving me insane. Working from home. She's like, go, she's like playing music and, you know, doing stuff like that. It's just like Trying to be on a conference call with 13, 13 or 14 year old plane, like blasting music in the house. That's pretty funny. Um Yeah, I don't know. It's just and we call on the corner of the Covid experience. It's like a
SPEAKER_R: A memory that might or might not remember.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Well, I'm sure they will remember it. Everybody's gonna remember it. Where
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: were you? Where were you when Covid happened?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I was uh I was in college. It's
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: should they should be on your campus, I would imagine.
SPEAKER_R: it's really funny everywhere around the U. S. Like the big cities uh they had more cases to begin with so they like they were all shutting down and my campus was still kind of like we can hold off, you know, maybe maybe see what happens first. And then when finally some students or some like staff got covid, they were like okay okay, we shut everything down. It's like thanks, you couldn't have planned this, you know before something happened. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: did you kick you out? You have like 48 hours to leave.
SPEAKER_R: I think not. They gave everyone like a week or two before. They were like oh yeah if you have nowhere to go you can do on campus housing. But it was mostly yeah. Just you're going on spring break, Don't come back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You find might find your stuff on the lawn when you come back, you know, take it up as soon as possible. I was always thinking about that um Like stuff stuff stuff shuts down again because the texas struck down again. Or do they just requiring face masks?
SPEAKER_R: We were crying face mask. I kind of wish they'd shut down again because the case is tough but but
SPEAKER_L: they just
SPEAKER_R: we've been asked.
SPEAKER_L: so I just I just were So we were talking to what I was talking about some of my coworkers about, you know, whether not colorado was shut down again and I think the consensus among among us was no, they wouldn't shut down again because if it didn't work in the first time, why would it work the second time? But I don't know if Denver to be honest, I've kind of tuned out probably about a month ago. I kind of just tuned it all out. Just like you said, I was reading the news every day and it's just like, well this is not making me happy so
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna,
SPEAKER_L: I'm just gonna I'm just gonna stop reading it and just to act like wear a face messages don't act like it exists.
SPEAKER_R: I mean the news every day you know cases gone up or down
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and trump has done something and your governor has gotten done something. It's the same old.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I mean every day every day is a bad news and if it's bad news every day is and if it's bad news every day, isn't that just the new normal? Yeah. So if it's the new normal then it's normal and we shouldn't worry about it. It's just bad news every day.
SPEAKER_R: Kind of sad. But
SPEAKER_L: Nothing
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: strange. If I turned, I turned on the tv on today, it's going to be the same bad news I did a month ago. Why even why even paying attention to it? So
SPEAKER_R: It's a time we're living in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. Well we get 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think we're good then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do we do? We just close it and then hit next on the other page or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You don't need to do anything on this video page.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well it was nice meeting you. I hope you have a nice day.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye.