Hello?
Yeah. How are you?
if you've
got
do you have plans?
It sounds so awesome.
Just the usual. You know, sleep all day.
No.
I'm into exists. So if we go camping, it's just straight flat and no trees, no mountains.
Wait, there are trees. My God. But like it's just flat and there's nothing to do.
I've been No.
Nothing.
Same old, same old. I'm a college student. So still working on that.
I'm going to U. T.
You know?
I'm going back to campus just for the mental health reasons, but all my classes are online, so it's just gonna be me still stuck an apartment.
What?
my
I'm studying biology,
Is it very boring or just
I can't believe your town with 2000 people. Oh my God, that's my graduating class. We'll try school.
Yeah. Right now are
starting date is like August 26 but I can bet within like a couple of days we're going to have to like shut down again or something.
can see corona parties happening. Crazy is. Yeah.
I feel the worst for the freshman. They don't get any of that experience to begin with.
Yeah. Uh my boyfriend had uh found it through, I can read it so he was like, yeah, you get money and so it's not super sketchy. You know you get money through Paypal. And so I was like, okay, yeah, side money, you know I'm a college student. What am I going to do? Work from home? So
Just lining down
cheap.
barks bars closed in Denver.
no. Yeah, It's just free form. We talk about whatever.
Yeah. This is my 4th and final one.
I think I can join in at like 301. So
Okay.
Yeah.
Are
thank you. Yeah. Uh
huh.
uh, I recently binged. I think it's called warrior. None on netflix.
I have not.
hurry.
I haven't.
I
know.
From, from these recommendations, I think you would like warrior nun. Yeah. Along this kind of like fantasy kind of killing lives.
Little
bit.
nope. The closest place we've been to is just like a state park, which texas has a lot of them. But again, it's just, you know, grass and it
looks
the same. Yeah.
The road trip to the state parks is seeing more grass except the difference is there's cows on this grass.
I'd probably recommend either Austin or san Antonio once this all blows over. But
yes, the barbecue in Austin, there's a whole culture for it. But yeah, I would stick to those two cities. The only problem is they're kind of further south and middle texas. So if you road trip there,
it's a very painful drive.
No Houston.
Yes. It's
not as like expansive I guess as people would think, but it's just between like different restaurants and some of the bigger corporations.
happened.
I've only been to Chicago when it's like my old cold, not the freezing winds that they get, so I'm grateful for that.
Because the
one pair,
Come
on.
pressure.
I was not born in texas. I was born in michigan, so.
I was like half, half, you know, I was
a kid, so I thought michigan winters were fine and fun. Nothing, not like adults who are like, oh, I have to drive through this and all of that. I got to slide through the snow. So it was, it was okay for me.
it was for middle school and high school and have ended up being uh college since it's just cheaper for in state. Yeah,
I
think
I think the tuition for University of Michigan for out of state students is like 60,000, so I was like no, I'm okay, take off an extra zero. Yeah.
I mean
But
my parents are thankfully paying, so that's why the price is what it is low.
All
no worries, I'm living on that too, it's still like most people diet.
No, I think quarantine started, I was looking at stores like aisles and three things that we're gone. We're rice, uh beans and ramen,
I think I can beans and like those sort of things.
Like I think my family does that with soybeans just to soften them up, but we don't really cook with traditional beans as like the pinto kidney beans as much
stop.
yeah. Between the cooking and the washing, it's just not much time for eating and other things.
I
like that philosophy.
Listen.
Shallots.
I know my family tends to like just stir fry things a lot, like we'll put oil, throwing the vegetables, watch it shrink and like add some salt and honestly it's it's fine. I mean
I don't
need this flavor. Yeah.
I will try it one day when I have time for a few minutes. Sounds like a lot of commitment
for scrambled eggs
and
Not
thank
you.
You're good.
It sounds
interesting. Yeah.
Do you just cook for yourself or do you have family,
wife
and kids generic?
Well,
no.
How are they dealing with quarantine?
No, no.
Oh my gosh.
I mean it's all the fun stage of Children. I'm not gonna lie for my sister and I had to spend 10 hours with our parents. We probably go insane before they did. Yeah. Yeah.
Each
other?
That's
A memory that might or might not remember.
That's
yeah I was uh I was in college. It's
not
it's really funny everywhere around the U. S. Like the big cities uh they had more cases to begin with so they like they were all shutting down and my campus was still kind of like we can hold off, you know, maybe maybe see what happens first. And then when finally some students or some like staff got covid, they were like okay okay, we shut everything down. It's like thanks, you couldn't have planned this, you know before something happened. Yeah.
I think not. They gave everyone like a week or two before. They were like oh yeah if you have nowhere to go you can do on campus housing. But it was mostly yeah. Just you're going on spring break, Don't come back.
We were crying face mask. I kind of wish they'd shut down again because the case is tough but but
we've been asked.
I'm gonna,
I mean the news every day you know cases gone up or down
and trump has done something and your governor has gotten done something. It's the same old.
Kind of sad. But
it is,
It's a time we're living in.
Yeah. I think we're good then.
Yeah. You don't need to do anything on this video page.
You too. Bye.