Hello. I think it's wonderful.
Can you hear me? Oh hey it's actually working I was afraid that wouldn't work. Are you doing today?
Doing pretty good. So uh Wednesday's almost over Almost over. Can't
wait
to get ready to get back to the weekend.
Yeah actually we're gonna go camping this weekend. We're gonna try a campsite. I'm not sure where you live but I live in Denver so um go find some spot out in the middle of nowhere and do some camping and um you know the outdoors? That's all we all we can do these days.
Would yourself do you have any plans?
Sleep
all day? Just sit in the house, sleep all day. That's what we call him that the covid vacation. Nothing to do. So
now. How man? No no you're in texas you said
like I mean you know I imagine texas is pretty hot too so if you have no trees you just imagine you're just gonna boil in the heat. Yeah
all our all of our fun stuff here is our clothes. We got no pools open and I think we can only do takeout restaurants.
Yeah, so it's just like might as well go out in the middle of nowhere. Right. Something. So Oh man, but how has life been anything exciting going on?
are you going to texas A and M. Or something like that?
U. T. You
guys actually have a class is going to start for you guys. Are you going to go back?
well at least you'll be, at least you'll be around people your age. I mean that's I mean I was in college, I went, I don't know, I grew up in a small town and I hated my small town and
I don't know what I would do if this happened when I was in college, but I mean I never went back for christmas and christmas and thanksgiving and I was there 20 for summer, I was there 24 7 is like I grew up in a place of 20,000 people, nothing to
do, nothing to do. I mean I think the nearest we had a movie theater so I guess that was something to do, but that was about it. I would always stay at college. What are you what are you studying for?
Oh there you go. Don't you don't do business administration like me, it's useless. Learn from my mistakes.
No it's just useless like like oh you got to be a sort of you and everybody else. You know if you have a biology degree or engineering anything that is technical, you always make a lot more money for the past when you get to be a it's like okay, so your entry level, you know, we could pay the lowest amount possible as opposed to be working with a technical degree, you'll make more money. So that's that's what really was about, right?
yeah it's just there's nothing to do. So um Yeah so it causes I mean imagine would be starting at the end of august beginning of september
well.
Yeah I saw some I start like some high school reopened and there was a picture of the hallway and like half the kids didn't have masks on and Georgia anywhere in Georgia. I don't I'm not sure. But now they're talking about shutting down all the schools again in George that's all they need is just one photo of some college kids getting together and then boom they're just gonna shut it down. Mhm.
but that's the college experience. You're missing out on the college experience. So this stuff all fun part, you're away from home to do all the fun stuff and then two weeks later we'll be back home and then you won't get to do any of the fun stuff. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I agree. It's just like what I mean, it just begs the question. Why would you pay for tuition? You know what was the where's the discount? But you only get you only getting 30% of the experience to, it means that you should only have to pay 30%. Right? So here's a question. Here's an interesting why did um why did you pick? So you obviously did you get the study through uh prolific? So what made you find this website?
yeah. So actually that's funny. I actually uh yeah, the beer money read it. Uh It's funny, it's like that's how I found it too. I was like I was like I might as well give it a try and earn some literally is for me to be your money. I you know I have a job and stuff like that so but so literally for me it's just your money. Um We're trying to get into some get into some wine which is a little bit more expensive than beer. So uh I don't know if, I don't know if you're drinking age or anything like that but uh that's what that's what we tend to do when there's nothing else to do.
Just hang out, hang out with neighbors and
just I guess just drink. That's basically what we can do because you can't go anywhere. Yeah I can't I can't go out everything like that so um
it's just it's not a show about bars being closed. Who wants to go to a bar? Well it's just like this seems like a really just an uncomfortable I guess. You gotta you gotta be thirsty or something like that to be hungry to go to a bar. You know it's just like we can't, I'm not going to borrow stuff. It's just not it's not the same, it's not as fun, it's not the same vibe I would imagine. Um So I don't so I have a question. So when I was when we were doing this I thought they were supposed to provide us with questions but they didn't get any questions provided. Do you remember that? Do you remember reading that?
Okay so you've done this type of one before?
Oh wow. So it was that $15 apiece. So that is 60 bucks, wow. You have to do it for 25 minutes. I hope someone has a timer on. I have no idea how uh
oh yeah you're in a different time zone aren't you? Okay.
Yeah
yeah you were on sent were you on California time? No
you're in central.
Yeah.
Have you seen any good tv shows? I need something new. I'm running out of things to watch.
I've heard of this. Okay so you're the second person who has mentioned that one to me? I mean have you seen a Kingdom?
Kingdom? Not not the Last Kingdom or the Kingdom Just Kingdom. It's a zombie. It's like a zombie tv show set in Korea. So I mean the subtitles but it is a great show. I highly recommend it.
When else have I seen? Have you seen the new chris Hemsworth movie on netflix extraction
You Gonna Watch? That's another good one. It will keep you keep you guessing at the end. So you've got to give that one to try policy and try and think of anything else that was coming. No bark skin. Dark Skin is a good one. It's a, I don't know which TV show, I don't know what channel it's on but it's a, have you ever seen Outlander? It's kind of like Outlander that's set in America and there's no time traveling. So it's just like the ancient times where they fighting indians and stuff like that and but there's a lot of drama and you know a lot of people dying stuff like
that.
So um actually it's like that movie. It's before I think it was even before America I think they were just new settlers. He does. Yeah, I watched it. Obviously a number in mind is going and I can't remember camera.
Okay. So I would definitely give it tracks. My coworker recommended it to me. Um I haven't had a chance to watch it. Have you been have you been have you traveled
at
all now? You know you've had three months four months of hanging out. Have you given like have you done a road trip or anything like that?
Just
plain.
It's like well there's some grass rumor, there's grass over there I guess. We're not seen everything. They have the same, they probably have the same dress at your house.
Yeah cows this part you know I've never been to texas. Is there a place in texas you'd recommend visiting?
I heard the barbecue in Austin is really good.
Hey.
Oh yeah are you like in lubbock texas or something like that?
Oh you're in Houston now I I heard Houston it's hot. Now here's the question. Do you guys have you guys have like an underground network of tunnels downtown?
Good.
Mhm. So it's so funny. So we had some friends come up from when I lived in Chicago and some friends come up from Houston and I was like it was winter, so I was like well just because there's something like this is the underground in Chicago where you can literally walk anywhere downtown without stepping foot outside because it's like it's snowing, it's cold, no one wants to be outside, and they're like oh that's the same thing as Houston, I'm like why do you guys have an underground network? And
he's like it's 120 degrees outside And if you're outside for more than 20 minutes you're gonna die. He was telling me about the first time he uh he flew into Houston for a job interview and he parked his rental car, You know I guess across the street or something like that. And he got out and he was like a false black suit 120° outside and walking to his job interview. And uh he was just sweating when he got to the interview, he was like a 10 minute walk and sweating. And that's when they're like what's wrong with you? Are you okay? I've been surprised outside, and they're like oh no one does that, we all walk under and the like the underground thing and it was like uh it's like it's the same thing but for a different reason like polar opposites of like the country as well. I got Chicago and they got Houston once for snow. One for heat.
Chicago is not found in the winter, it's everybody hibernates. Uh it's just cold. I lived there for four years and I was like, I grew up, I grew up in California and I moved to Chicago and I was like, wow, that was a bad, that was a bad choice. So I picked a spot in between the two, which is Denver. But uh, I would say that Chicago during the summer, the most fun, you're over half. It is just, they have festivals and they have like two or three festivals every weekend, go fun time music. Most of them are donations so you can just walk in and listen to like a band play and just have a good time. But then once probably september october hits. It's just, yeah, she kind of slowly slows down the november heads and everything shuts down
and
yeah, the winter snows coming and then it will, I think the last year I was in Chicago, it snowed like a may or something like that and it's just like this
is
just ridiculous out of here. I want to move. There's
no reason why you should be snowing in May. I was like this is a bad decision. So then I was able to get out of it. So but are you planning on staying in texas? Because I'm not obviously were you born in texas?
michigan. Oh did you grow up like during michigan winters and stuff like that?
What?
You didn't you didn't know any better versus all you when did when did you end up moving to texas? Wasn't for college or was it for?
Yeah of course
you
get.
I mean so yeah when I went to college I went to community college for the first two years because I was broke. Um You know I don't have any money so I was like, well it's the cheapest possible college I could go to and then
then I transferred to a university. I walked out of college for the only $15,000 in debt with a bachelor's degree. So uh definitely I recommend community personally. I recommend community college because most of the basic courses it's like it doesn't matter where you learn it as long as they transfer,
like that's all that matters. So um remember we were one of my friends parents, so in Illinois, every weird, they have an interesting program in Illinois Where your parents could pay. So I think when he was telling we looked it up in today's value, if your parents pay $80,000 today, You'll get a free four years college ride When you turn 18. But you have to go to that specific college and it's only for four years. So I guess if you were, yeah, I guess if he was 20 years ago, I guess, I wonder how much college will be in 2018 years. So if you had a kid today and you paid for eight, uh, in 18 years of college was half a million dollars. There's a great deal. You know, if college is the same price as it is today, it was a terrible feel properly. You know, are you taking out student loans or your parents paying for your life?
Oh yeah. I mean good for you because I like, I, like I said, I take out, that's why
I was, I didn't have, I didn't have a apparent unfortunately to pay my way. So, um, so student loans and then I worked a little bit on the side, but it was really a big source of income. I just lived off rahman cheese and tortillas, just like Prince ideas, enrollment is what I lived off for four years essentially.
yeah, nothing's changed.
beans, like hard beans, like dry beans,
Have you ever, have you ever tried to soak beans overnight and cook them?
I've never, I've never done that. Everybody, like you ever read a cooking website, has
anything involving beans, like, well you should really soak them overnight and cook them and there is so much better and it's like, yeah, I'm not that committed, it's not a relationship I'm building with the food, I'm about the, this is about getting in, getting out, how quickly can I cook this? Because I got other stuff to do. So
do you guys, do you guys, do you guys have some like family recipes that are you guys are big into? So I'm a big fan of uh cooking in general, but I'm always, I love cook, I cook every night, so I love cooking, but I cook as fast as I possibly can if I can cut Like five minutes off of a recipe by excluding an ingredient that gets gone. So it's just like, oh it's gonna take me 15 minutes to make this garlic oil, I'm gonna throw garlic in the dish and we'll pass on the oil
career,
it's the same flavor. It's like, you know, so I always try to always try speed stuff up if I, if I recommend a cookbook to you if you want, if you're etcetera in college. Um Jamie Oliver, five Ingredient, five ingredient dishes. I don't know what it is, it's just five things And half the time, you know, he's like half the time I switched stuff out all the
time currently. 5°.. I mean what's the difference between green onions and leeks? So uh or onions or something like that. But he
has a lot of Quick, just quick meals like 10 minutes you're in and out. You know like throat like you make a sauce with three of the ingredients. Cook some chicken and some noodles and then boom you're done. So that's what I like doing. How about yourself? Anything, anything, any cool recipes?
What's your
strength?
Well, I would recommend. So here's something I just learned. I read uh salt if you like scrambled eggs or you like cookie with scrambled eggs. You should salt your eggs 15 minutes before you cook them. And supposedly it helps break down some of the protein in the A. So they're they're fluffy er when you eat them.
So
I
was like, I would be like so we have some I have something I call uh it might not be the most appropriate. I call it mexican pizza. This is when I call it. So it is scrambled eggs, cilantro, green onions, cream cheese in a tortilla and something. Something I read on Reddit actually in one of the food areas which I think it's a great idea, I've never heard of it before is where you know you whisk up your eggs, get a pan hot you pour the eggs into the pan season and whatever you want to do. And then while it's still um not cooked the eggs you put a tortilla on them and the eggs bind to the tortilla. And then you flip the tortilla tortilla and eggs. And so now it's it's almost like a like a taco. You know it's like an egg tortilla taco. And then you cook the tortilla on the other side. And it gets it gets really crispy because now the pan is hot and it comes out to have a crispy bottom with egg on top. And then I thought you could throw cheese like do cream cheese and then lime cilantro, green onions and it's almost like a baja mexican egg pizza. That's like something that I wish I knew I was in college because that would be a lot better than the microwaving uh cheese and tortillas and making cases yesterday. So
highly I highly recommend it. Keep on getting this text
message
in something.
My foot,
my foot.
I mean that's all that's all I've been doing really is going camping and cooking because there's nothing else to do. So.
Oh yeah I got
a family so I could
yeah. Yeah I could for my family it's like that the kids get home and then cook and you know hang out and uh sometimes kids help cook. You know help help us cook. But it's mainly just me and it's mainly because injury doing it. So sometimes we go, sometimes we order in jimmy john's or something like that when we're feeling we're feeling fancy because kids are expensive. I tell you what, I've never ever pay for daycare. That is He's here. It's like $25,000 a year just engaged across like buying a car every year. So you know I would recommend uh that you save up for daycare decide because it is just And we have to that's 25,000 a year. So you have to, it's 50,000 a year, 50,000 a year in daycare costs. And the government. Would you ever do taxes only gives you doc what
$5000? You
can only $5000 When you do your taxes and you paid $50,000 from Jacare. Cause it just doesn't make any sense, right?
I don't even think they know it exists. Just like we're playing with, we're just playing with mom and dad now and it's like, okay, but mom and dad can't play with anybody else.
It's like, you know, yeah. You know, we get to play more. It's like over the weekend I spent 10 hours with one of my kids uh
playing Lagos because that's all we had to do that day. It's like, again, nothing else to do. So we just did Lagos and they built him a lake house, lake house lego native Lagos. So you can park his boats, you know.
So it's interesting because you know, we have we know people with kids older who are in like high school and then it's like, well, you know, what are your kids do?
You know,
They must be getting out, you know, they must be doing
something, go into their friends houses and whatever. It was like, I wish, I wish he would leave the house because she's in her room and does Tiktok all day long. She hasn't left the house in a week. She's like, I just, I'm thinking about turning our internet off and maybe losing cellphone reception because I could turn off her cell phone internet, you know, to make sure she gets out of the house because she's driving me insane. Working from home. She's like, go, she's like playing music and, you know, doing stuff like that. It's just like Trying to be on a conference call with 13, 13 or 14 year old plane, like blasting music in the house. That's pretty funny. Um Yeah, I don't know. It's just and we call on the corner of the Covid experience. It's like a
Yeah, exactly. Well, I'm sure they will remember it. Everybody's gonna remember it. Where
were you? Where were you when Covid happened?
They
should they should be on your campus, I would imagine.
did you kick you out? You have like 48 hours to leave.
Yeah. You find might find your stuff on the lawn when you come back, you know, take it up as soon as possible. I was always thinking about that um Like stuff stuff stuff shuts down again because the texas struck down again. Or do they just requiring face masks?
they just
so I just I just were So we were talking to what I was talking about some of my coworkers about, you know, whether not colorado was shut down again and I think the consensus among among us was no, they wouldn't shut down again because if it didn't work in the first time, why would it work the second time? But I don't know if Denver to be honest, I've kind of tuned out probably about a month ago. I kind of just tuned it all out. Just like you said, I was reading the news every day and it's just like, well this is not making me happy so
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna stop reading it and just to act like wear a face messages don't act like it exists.
Well
Yeah, so I mean every day every day is a bad news and if it's bad news every day is and if it's bad news every day, isn't that just the new normal? Yeah. So if it's the new normal then it's normal and we shouldn't worry about it. It's just bad news every day.
Nothing
strange. If I turned, I turned on the tv on today, it's going to be the same bad news I did a month ago. Why even why even paying attention to it? So
Yeah, I agree. Well we get 30 minutes.
Yeah. So what do we do? We just close it and then hit next on the other page or something like that.
Okay. Well it was nice meeting you. I hope you have a nice day.