what? Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Hello.
Everyone signs
sound
good.
Well
it's it's exactly so
eight oh well that's now 801
Oh I'm in the west coast.
that's where I am.
Oh wow. Pretty close.
I'm from the L. A. Area. Not exactly L. A. But the surrounding area.
It's good. I mean those kinds kind of stuck here the whole time. Uh huh.
Actually
Um Yeah parents. Um I'm going to go to school next month though so that's good leaving
this
area.
Yeah I'm going back to the school.
No just a bachelor's degree.
Sorry
just
another
year. Um It's not a person but I have a few like labs and stuff research that I happen to like meet with professors.
You know it's pretty weird like I thought it was gonna be a 11 semester kind of thing and I'm like okay you know we'll deal with this but who knows when that's going to end.
Like
I know.
I'm just trying to go back just because I'm feeling really stuck here. Like I can't even go out to take a walk. So yeah, I'm definitely going back to campus just to have my independence again. Even though there's no classes, you know, everything is kind of set by what you do.
Yeah. Like I usually just go out whenever I want and it's like okay, I'm gonna go with meet with friends or I'm gonna go shopping or something. I'm gonna go to the cafe. But then now it's like don't go out even have a camera outside now just in case like, you know, anything suspicious happens. Like
I
feel I
feel
like double quarantine.
We just have
like a camera in front because like um the security kind of camera.
We once had a case where someone tried Oh, go ahead.
Yeah. We once had like packaged these are such, so that's why we installed it.
Stealing
wheels.
Because I see a lot of cases like that where the cars is left with like a bunch of like basket, you know, the bathroom where they used to support it. And it's like, well, that's depressing.
Well,
I
live in the
suburbs to and I yeah, I do see him most often in cities, but I'm wondering like, how do you do in cities without being caught because there's cameras everywhere, You know, it seems more of a common thing to
do
in suburbs,
but
Uh huh I mean if it's still driving, it's like, hey, at least it works.
I'm driving
like a super old, like 2006 car and I'm like, well, you know, this is pretty well maintained.
And
true.
But it's
kind of
like the idea of like, oh, you know those cars like Almost 10 years old? It's like if it breaks time for a new one.
Like
you rock it back and forth. Uh huh.
That's what I'm thinking right now
breaks it up.
there.
Well,
No,
I've never heard of this, this rubber thing that you're talking about that sounds like convenient. It's like,
I guess
the style
changed.
yeah, I've
seen them on
the road.
I'm looking at like those cars and like, you know, on the highway And I'm like, how is this driving? Obviously like they fix the internal engine and stuff, but I'm like, I'd be way too scared because like that car is probably worth more than like, you know, like a luxury car because you can't replace it,
But
I mean, I guess
everyone has their own hobbies, you know?
But the
outside
is recognizable I guess.
Oh yeah, the convertible,
correct?
Like goggles. I thought those were like airplanes.
gosh.
Yeah,
that's interesting.
uh I go pretty far I'm still in the state, but it's a long enough this since I took a plane, so it's not something where my parents can be like, Poppin like, hey, we're here, it's like
we're coming,
you know, next
month.
Yeah, they do.
I mean most of the big cities of colleges.
Yeah. Mhm. I mean like this called us everywhere. Like my city has a college, but it's like a little no name private college that I've never heard of that does like some liberal arts stuff.
I'm going to college in north California. Yeah,
my parents have to be like, oh we're driving up next month, particular play next month. I'm like oh I got to clean the house.
that's what I would sleep
happen. That's why I didn't go anywhere close. Like even though I could have the option to go to like Irvine or something, I'm like no that's too close for comfort.
It's a nice road trip unless you're a car sick. Like like some people I know it's like that would be terrible for them.
Yosemite the
I remember going through that
and it was like
it was
true.
I remember your 70 like near the mountains, there's a bunch of like turning hills and all that and like it just got me dizzy even though I usually don't get car sick, but it was like really bad.
Yeah. And I was like, I don't want to come back here just because of the car
ride.
I'm a computer engineer.
What do you do? Just curious?
Thank
you.
I don't, I
don't
agree
with that. But like
it's a
good skill.
You know, it's kind
of like saying
everyone should know how to play basketball. You know, like okay,
it's a good skill
but you know, not what was going to eat it.
But it sounds like as a, as a lawyer secretary, a law secretary. That sounds pretty impressive.
That sounds pretty laid back though.
I
relate to that so much because
my first
job,
it was exact same thing. Like they had a new team and then they were like, oh we're gonna bring out some new intern. So I got added in and then the boss is like okay now I'm gonna go on vacation for a month. And I'm like I'm a new intern. I don't know what to do like. And then they taught me how to use like, you know, the copying machine and that. And like just very basic jobs. And then the boss came back and they're like okay now I want to do all these things and I'm like, okay well um I have to go back to school now by.
They just gave me like the most basic work that's like, you know, no brainer. Kind of repetitive number crunching stuff. And I'm like, what am I going to get to? You know things I actually like came to this job for which is like learning stuff, coding stuff, databases and I never got to that. Yeah.
Yeah. Well first job, you know,
hopefully. Hopefully.
the company
is closed. They close to the Kobe. Yeah. So
Yeah.
Like I looked it up and then I'm like because I was trying to see, I remember when I was there there was like 40 employers. So um I was starting my resume and then I was trying to see how many employers he had because he probably grew and then I realized it closed. So mm
Poor
interesting.
At
least I don't work there anymore and
I didn't get
laid
off.
25 minutes.
Well
that
pretty good talk. Yeah, I didn't notice the time flowing.
yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Is this your first time doing this task?
I
didn't
tell.
Pretty
So
you have the bumpers? Yeah. Okay.
Thank
you. Thank
you.
Good
luck.