Hi, can you hear me
okay? I, first time on the new computer and I wanted to make sure everything was set up. Okay.
I
timer.
So
it's exactly what?
Oh it's in here. Where are you at?
I used to live in southern California when I was
Yeah, I lived in Orange County near Laguna Hills.
Are you familiar with the area at all? Where are you?
Fair enough, fair enough. Do you like it out there?
Yeah. Uh Do you mean with the covid stuff or or other
stuff? Uh Do you have you have things that keep you anchored to L. A. Against your will?
Are you
gonna
get to go away or are they doing it virtually?
so uh my grad school or?
Okay. It's got interrupted. Fair enough.
Well you go back to school I guess you met you met just like for another year. Is that
what you
meant? But
Yeah. So how do you feel about not doing it in person?
When I look back on my college experience, the things I really remember and cherish were like the clubs outside the school or like the camaraderie with other people I lived with um I did some of like I did a grad degree and I did some of that as um online learning, which which was nice given where like, I was working at the time, it was convenient, but it's really a different experience than being around your peers and away from your parents that yeah, I
hope
you get to go back to school. Like get back to that campus is a little bit before you're done.
Yeah. Yeah. But how does this can feel small when you're stuck at home? I understand that like I barely big house, it's like 1100 ft from square feet for my husband and myself. But they had the lockdowns and we weren't supposed to leave the house for anything and people were off work and it was like it took some getting used to, it felt very small at first to have somebody else. Like always in my space. I'm used to him being gone during the day.
is
that your parents
with
Yemen?
The parents camera does is that your parents with a camera
or?
Yeah. Yeah we have a couple of those two. I use one in the back yard to watch the chipmunks and squirrels and things that are trying to get out of my garden, find out smart them. So I needed data about what they were doing while they were getting into things. Uh
No no go ahead.
Yeah. My husband we we put up our first one on the driveway because he has his car parked out front and somebody he got in an accident one because a wheel came off while he was driving, like it wasn't that he hit anybody, it's just like the wheel came off so he lost control of the car and went off the side of the road and he's fine and car got repaired but it was kind of suspicious and people kept telling me like that doesn't just happen unless you recently had worked on the car, which we didn't like, like they were rotating the tires and forgot to tighten the nut or somebody actually like loosened it and was trying to like mess with you or hurt you. So we ended up putting a camera in the driveway just to like make sure if somebody messed with it, we know we have the evidence, we could take it to police. I don't know. I have now come to theorize that either it was one of those things that just happens because it is an older car, or if they were like, teenagers that were going around, and like,
like, uh
like your guns and they were like, shooting out windows and random stuff. So maybe like, just like, the teenage hooligans, like, did something that's what the car just because it was funnier stuff. Actually. I did wonder if somebody had been trying to steal. The tired,
you know? That is I don't know what this is. Is that like an intercity thing or an L A thing? I used to see it in California. I knew about it from California. It doesn't happen a lot here, but I'm like, in Chicago. So I'm not, it doesn't happen because it's the suburbs, or if it's somehow not a midwestern thing. I don't know. I know what I'm talking about. I know it's a thing. So
that was
another
thing.
I
was
out
in California was before all the cameras. So it was like the 90s. It was weird because people were stealing, like, it's like older, uh, Honda tires because they fit a bunch of older Hondas that we're still on the road. It was like random stuff. It was like, how for a while old Toyotas were one of the most stolen cars because they could be parted out because the parts were hard to get because Toyota's are old, but there were lots of them still on the road. So crazy stuff though. Like, I don't know. I always thought like, if I'm driving an old car, like why do you want to steal my leader?
Well, well,
and
I drive in 2008. We bought it new. Actually, my parents bought it for me new eons ago when I was graduating college. Uh but like at this point it's a very low stress car. Like like I drive our newer car and I'm like scared like in the winter like somebody's gonna rear end because they don't stop or something like this car has had, it's not like a third bumper because people kept rear ending me
for a while. And so it's got it's like, you know, it's the bionic man of cars, it had all these parts of place, it's got rust, it's got issues. My big fear is something will damage it badly enough that they'll total it out for insurance because to me like it's still worth quite a bit to not have to go buy a new car.
It saves me a lot of money and
stress
and
Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah, the first car I drove was a 1980 Toyota Corolla as old as I was. It has had a lot of problems but I mean my parents have put lots of dents in it, they repainted at some point like like there was very little that I could do to it that was gonna, anybody was gonna care about like like I got in a wreck, we weren't gonna cry. It wasn't it wasn't beautiful, it wasn't, it was just cervical, it was last things. Anyway, sometimes you had the rocket to get the ignition to turn over, something was loose. I don't
know.
like people jump on the, on the bumper and then run around to the front and give the show on the front bumper and somehow that I would do this in high school and people would be like this isn't saying this can't possibly do anything and it would work.
when my parents got rid of this, they didn't even like they drove it to Ohio and gave it to my uncle who's a car mechanic because he needed a car and he has the like ability to like
fix this up. But that would go off of it. Amazing. But I miss I miss the fact that that car had a piece of steel and a bumper that was like fully engaged in this like two or 3" of rubber on both ends. So if you like got rear ended, you people bounced off of you
and it didn't like dent up the car, my
drive a Honda fit now and it's this tiny little you know think of the yards and these little cars and it has an internal, it has that bumper structure but its internal and then there's this pretty piece of plastic on the outside that gets painted real nice. So every time somebody rear ends you they have to redo that entire bumper
and it's like 1000 bucks for something that was bounced off the old car.
my God, Later go go to the Internet and look up like 1980s Toyota's because it's it's the bumper was outside the car. I mean in a very visible way and it's one of those things that sort of went away gradually. And so now you rarely see it. But I mean I feel like when I was younger, most cars were like that anyway.
And
some people
people talk about the really vintage ones that are like 60s and 70s cars were like they had like metal chrome bumpers that like
it's
damaged.
Thank you.
I know, I know it's uh so I know I've seen online where guys will be like repairing these old junkers and like like or like hot rodding or 1920s truck or something and they're in there like welding new pieces of metal onto things that have rested through and like there's just all of this labor and custom work and yeah, I am always super scared when I see the vintage cars
on the road. Like I am always like, oh my gosh, if I hit them, how expensive that would be man.
Well,
well, and and I can't blame them for wanting to have and drive something like that. They're beautiful old cars. I do sort of wonder about the guys in like the not the old model t kind of cars. Like some of those I've always heard they they weren't real comfortable rights. But uh yeah, I
don't
know.
Well the people clearly love them for something because I've seen occasionally, you'll even see like the real old open top cars.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I think of the things you have to wear goggles and
scarred because the bug you I mean that seems unpleasant but to each his own
the real the Really okay think of Do you know anything about like 1920s fashion? Like they used
to have these desperate coats. It would be like a like a raincoat for a woman with a full skirt and everything. But it came about because they needed to keep their clothes nice in the car and all the dust and stuff that would be thrown up in the car and around them and yeah, goggles are definitely a thing. Goggles are like, just like, I'm sure it was goggles, scarf gloves, duster coat. Mm
um
Yeah, so how far away do you go to go to school? What do you go to California University?
So here
in L.
A.
Are you going to san Francisco or san Diego san Diego? Do they have a college? You
see?
I'm trying to remember this is kind of fuzzy.
Uh So where do you go if you're comfortable saying?
right.
Yeah it is nice that they can't just pop in. I uh my dad used to I went an hour away. My dad used to sometimes have business stuff in town there, so sometimes I come back from class and he'd just be sitting outside my dorm waiting to see me.
little bit.
Fair enough. Yeah. It's weird how long California is and how far away how long the trip can be and you still haven't left the state, you know? Because we used to we used to vacation and like we went to Yosemite once we drove to san Francisco. Once long drives.
Yeah. I always used to get a little anxious with parts of the roads where you go through like the mountains and you like
well well
not
just
somebody but I feel like there are certain highways where like two lane highways and you can sort of see over the edge and there's a lot of, I don't know I was young, I wasn't driving yet so I wasn't really paying attention
to where things were road we were on and all that. Yeah.
I feel like they have a love up and down hills too.
I
was really beautiful but then like I've heard in recent years it's gotten really really busy and I feel like that would kind of ruin it for me to like be packed in with other people. Like I liked sort of being alone in nature. That feeling. So so what are you studying?
Oh good for you.
I'm a legal secretary, I studied history, and then I studied library science and I was a librarian for a while. Uh and then 2008 sort of interrupted things, got a job, working family as a legal secretary, and now I'm down the part time, so I've got some health issues. But uh that's my strange convoluted road
to
where I got. But but when I was doing my library science degree, I actually took a class. It was computer basic computer programming because you do a lot of stuff with databases and. Yes like it was sort of at that turning point where like everybody was having a web page and that was like a new thing in service. So like that was another class I took, was learning to code web pages. Uh you know, everybody now is like everybody should learn to code, that's like every unemployed truck drivers on the code.
And
then
it's
I
don't
either,
I'm
from
not only
skill.
Yeah, not only is the skill, like, it is a skill that requires a particular type of brain, in my opinion. Like, I always did great at the humanities, I could struggle through website coding and computer, like with computer science stuff, like sometimes I just I couldn't follow the logic of it, like, I would screw something up and so it's not working right? But I couldn't find the mistake. I just couldn't like, I didn't have a logical enough brain to sit there and parse it like that. And I remember my boy, my brother's friends helping me get through that class, and he could he could look at it and say, ok, here's the problem. He did this, You need to do that. I mean some people have brains that can do that, can learn that. And um, I wish that I had one because hey, I could have made big bucks and go,
it sounds more impressive than it is. I mean I order the pens. I do a lot of, there's a lot, there's a lot of that. There's more secretary like when I was full time there, okay, there's different types of secretaries for law offices and like some of them are treated basically like paralegals, which is you draft documents and you you do a lot of the work independently. A lot of times, like if you have really good paralegals or advanced secretaries, they do a lot of the lawyers work and he like rubber stamps, that kind of thing. He, it's always under his responsibility under his license. It's kind of like an advanced practice nurse and doctors, like, like a lot of times, like you have somebody else who can function very similarly. Um But I worked for my father in law and he doesn't do it that way. He's very he is the lawyer, everything goes through him. He doesn't, he never like sometimes I would have a good sense of like how I would put together this document if I were doing it myself. What goes in the blanks because you're getting a lot of these court documents, you know, they just have lines, you fill in the blanks, but he was not ready to see that kind of control. So yeah, I'm way more of the make the coffee run the errands kind of secretary.
Yes, it's very laid back and um he's very generous so it pays well, low stress, lots of holidays, like very flexible with like time off and stuff like that. Um And he let me stay on and go part time because I needed to for my health. So like he's been really nice employer and I do wish that there was a better way when you're like applying for a job to get a feel for like what those people are going to be like as employers because I want. And you got people like, like my father in law and on the other end, like you have some really super jerk people like or just people who like run their office really badly. I remember my husband's first job of uh out of his grad degree, he is he's a lawyer now. And so his first law job, the guy who hired him went on vacation like a month into his job and like the way law degrees work, they don't teach you how to be a lawyer. They teach you enough that you can sit for the bar and you can get a degree and a license and then you have to like sort of intern on the job. So his Ott left him for like three weeks while he vacationed in India. Like not even like yeah I'll be the next state over. Give me a call. I can rush back if I need to know. He was. Oh it was terrible.
So
you
would like
it.
I thought maybe the boss was going to come back and then everything that you had started doing or that the co workers around you had taught you to do. He'd be like you're doing it wrong, you're doing it all wrong. I can't believe it could be so long.
That's too bad.
Yeah. I hope it at least looks good on your resume and maybe open some doors down the road.
Oh you were you were an intern here. Oh. Oh. What a good reputation they have,
I'm
Like permanently? Oh
no.
All right.
Well,
subsidence that
they
all
up
and find
out what you did was answer the phones and make copies. Um There's that I'm sure I'm sure you'll you'll go through that a lot with like you stick around and do the Silicon Valley thing. It seems like there's a lot of turn there's actually an economic idea for this. I was talking to my husband about the other day because I'm I'm watching all the economic stimulus that's that's flowing because of coronavirus. And there is this idea in economics of the creative destruction. So like when, when things are bad companies that were sort of on the edge of profitability go under and then other people with other business ideas come into the marketplace and there's like a place for them to start a business and, and, and maybe be successful. There's like, it's like an opening for them. And in some cases, if you're talking about things like restaurants, you know, there's opportunities to get a location at a better rate or to get equipment and to like get the stuff to start a new business. Like it comes that somebody else is paying, but it creates opportunities. Alternatively, what we've had going on lately is, you know, we're just keeping everybody afloat. I heard stories about places that were already in bankruptcy that like pulled, pulled the paperwork back to be on bankrupt so they could get alone to stay in business a little longer and then they went and re filed bankruptcy, that's not helping anybody, you know? And I just, I feel like for us, younger folks like we we need a few opportunities in our lifetime for some of the creative destruction or like we're just not never going to get a foothold in. Oh that's my theory
and this is my, that's yeah, that's my timer. Oh
so that
was easy.
I know that was that was really easy. So thank you.
This is my fifth time attempting and the second time
that
someone
has actually shown up, so I've had a lot where I just sit here with three. Uh well they don't make me wait very long, it's like a cup like five minutes and then they pay you like $2 for showing up. Uh So it's been a bummer, but not the worst. It was nice having somebody to talk to you. It was fun to talk to you.
So go, Don't pick up old Toyota's 1980
Toyota car.
Yeah, we need to bring that back. Okay, What was your going to
take
care
of?
Stay
safe?