SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh Hopefully you weren't really waiting for that long. Uh
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, no. I hope you weren't either. I wasn't sure when I was supposed to join. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's like they kind of started a little little along right now. Was in the middle of this, my friend is trying to do a workshop with the Unity game engine. So I was listening in so
SPEAKER_R: what is that? Unity?
SPEAKER_L: so it's a video, it's uh so when you make video games, there's different uh some software tools, rebuild stuff. Unity is one of the is one of the game engines. Yeah, that people can that people can use. There's a I'm trying to treat think there's unreal. There's game, I think there's some game death, There's a bunch of other ones,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I don't know anything about this. Are you a video game developer?
SPEAKER_L: kind of morally more computer programmer. So yeah, so I don't have a direct path into game development, but I do know from knowledge in it. So I'm currently taking an art tweety really, our class to the animation. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool.
SPEAKER_L: Even that you have different software options. Uh I had I'm going currently, I'm going to a community college.
SPEAKER_R: Great. We're at
SPEAKER_L: What that kind of California?
SPEAKER_R: oh, nice here in California. Okay. Of course. Yeah, I'm in new york.
SPEAKER_L: You are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Coast to Coast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, sure like I was So how's it going there like?
SPEAKER_R: Well, Covid. Okay. I guess. I don't know how to describe it. It's better now than it has been in the last or the earlier months this year. But yeah, I mean, you know, you guys know to you've had you've really had it over the last few months, right over the summer. It was really tough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think stuff like this the more fun stuff are still closed but um stop
SPEAKER_R: Or two.
SPEAKER_L: now stars are still like places where you need to actually, it needs to actually buy through hardware. Like all that is open. And to me since I tend to not go out so much to like get to a place of gathering and to me it almost as like well place never really shut down really.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. For me, I mean I don't know about you but I actually work at home full time. So like do you do you work at home already or?
SPEAKER_L: No, I started working at home because of the of the stay at home order. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it was a big adjustment.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the thing is that so I was working at the I am working at the community college. I was I'm working, I was working at a computer lab where people had, people went there to do to basically like use the computers and they have questions, raise their hands and try the song of it basically. I had so technically have like two jobs, one in the computer lab, one as a tutor for one on 11 on one sessions.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's great for for people who are taking computer science classes or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the lab is for computer science actually basically for both because I more help people with computer related classes.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: so programming I do can actually help people with Microsoft Softwares, mainly Word Access Excel. Which one of them missing power point. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My nightmare hate it. Word. I'm better with power point and excel. I just I hate them so much.
SPEAKER_L: Will
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: like necessary evils.
SPEAKER_L: You know? I think so. No, no never had a complaint with when work when doing people doing words like they basically like I guess they love it because you know it's pretty simple. Um They they have a problem with Excel because of like all the different functions. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's just it. I almost need probably like what you have, like I could use a course in it, luckily for my work. I don't have to use it as much. But like I remember once and this probably sounds so stupid to you, but I didn't realize that you really have to save everything that you're doing and that if you're not saving it, you run the chance of losing a lot of material. And I did on on a spreadsheet once. And it was just Yeah, it just felt so stupid. Like this is like 20 years ago or something, you know, I'm used to everything kind of automatically saving so it's just yeah, I don't know, I need things that are more intuitive and with word like I have to Google things a lot. I have to look informs a lot. But once I learned it it just, it is the way it is. It's pretty good. But excel, I don't know. It's a pain in the butt.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The difficult the weird part is like so the auto function was on at some point and when you closed, when you close your Excel file, it didn't give you a warning egg. You are safe like
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: it was. Well and part of the problem I think is that on my laptop, I think I'm having an issue with bandwidths. So sometimes it's like just overloaded and I have to use multiple browsers for my for my work, especially for multiple clients. So I'm a translator and an editor. So sometimes I have different things open depending on who I'm working for. And I think what happened was there was like a shutdown that wasn't how it should have been. So normally it would ask do you want to save? And in this it was one of those things where everything just kind of like blanked out and I ended up losing all of this information that I had been inputting forever and it just yeah it was one of those things like okay, lesson learned to know I save it all the time. But yeah it's frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. It sounds like it didn't so it didn't shut down properly. It's a basically crashed. But what,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so what's bad is that it wasn't even so since the art, I guess the auto save wasn't on
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: off.
SPEAKER_R: because the auto save is connected to your Microsoft account right? And I'm always having problems with the Microsoft account, I don't know what that's about either.
SPEAKER_L: it should not should be connected to anything, it should be so there's the auto save and the auto recovery. I think auto recovery should be dependent on the on the auto save. So if you yourself don't if you don't constantly save and somehow something something happens like it crashes, it realizes that your it didn't close properly. So the next time that you open up this should be like a window on the on the left on the left that says like oh we realized that you didn't close properly. Other recovery comes up and says like this is what we found. You can you can start from them. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that I've had, it just was this one time I think, I don't know if it was an issue with too much else was running and it was just a really bad crash and it didn't save it. But yeah, normally
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: normally that part is okay, It was just like the one time and now I have it like a tick where I save constantly like so
SPEAKER_L: that's the that's the thing with the roof computers like I've when I'm working with, when I'm working with people attention to him like okay you you gotta you gotta save and you gotta you gotta shut things down properly. Even like software and hardware because I've seen people who have like a thumb drive what's gonna hard drive and it kind of just like they either in the middle of something, they say I got to leave, they just unplug it. The employee, the employer, the U. S. B.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: they are going to.
SPEAKER_R: I know this is crazy. But see that's also one of those things, I feel like you only need to make that mistake once and then you never do it again. Like once you lose this, it's yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh That is that is a mistake that I've seen that doesn't actually come come up that that often like it doesn't come fast enough for them to know.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. God,
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I would think especially for students that must be like total nightmare if you lose that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So the nice thing is well the the saving grace is that the software that they actually use sometimes it can just like save something on there like in their student accounts like
SPEAKER_R: Mm That's
SPEAKER_L: that's yeah they have a place where they can have to submit their their assignments but they have the option of storing it before submitting. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's good
SPEAKER_L: so they sometimes like okay save it on the U. S. B. And then save it up into the into the into the cloud.
SPEAKER_R: into the cloud area and
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: then it helps.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Somehow if they if they keep pulling that you the story device that many times the storage advice is gonna break. Now I would prefer to have this their file being broken but the storage devices still being fine because I can we can recover the we can recover the device when it's fine but when it's basically bad like I can't use it anymore. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's useless.
SPEAKER_L: Yes I have I was trying to recover and it starts like an external and external storage device but it was pretty old one the hard drive this so it's a split so the inside is a spinning disk. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Really old school?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so so or the software that I that I could get it was scanning and found like it has everything is divided into sectors, sectors are small are of a certain size and and like man bites and I was finding a lot of them but if I was only I can only scan I think like 0.2% of the five terabytes hard drive and that took for for the computer that I had two days. And
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: I have I mean
SPEAKER_R: continuously running like not even shut down or just Oh
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: and I
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't realize like I had realized that okay, I know that everyone actually have a fast enough computer. I don't, I don't have the professional settings to make it faster at the same time. The storage device is is old is a chance that it doesn't actually spend that fast but that you know, I would at least get into Like a 10 and like it would take a couple of, a couple of days to do a scan and then do and then do a repair. Oh the scan would have on the estimation would have taken like 1.5 years. Oh so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm not awesome.
SPEAKER_R: can't even imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I had to give up on that. So even if I was if I wanted to actually see the contents inside of the hard drive, there's probably enough bad sectors into it that the computer to success Unreadable. I can't can't access anything.
SPEAKER_R: And was it really old? Is that why it's just old technology
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: and now it
SPEAKER_L: there's there's that same drive, the same external, they're selling it today. The problem is that somebody just keeps unplugging it when they're using it, okay. And uh and I'm I'm looking at it like shut everything that get off of everything that you're that you're working on and then met and then tell the computer that you want to eject the heart, the storage device, keep doing that and you'll safely be able to unplug it
SPEAKER_R: this is basic, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so that but that's that's like too many steps. That's too many. Like when you're, when you're hurries, like you just just thinking about like, okay, I gotta, I gotta pack up and leave now. We've got enough, we've always had enough time for that. Okay. For like five terabytes, it's okay we have the time for you to actually go through all the steps and then just one plug and then we can leave that we got all that time. But now you get somebody there's a there's a company that I guess maybe that's what you do it even they are not sure like how long is going to take until they have it. Yeah. So. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: it's developing,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's I wish I could have actually I wish I could have actually done it myself because it it would say it would save money but now we got to hopefully get it to somebody who has better better equipment and it's done faster. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I would think that somebody might have a system that they could copy that quicker because to take that much time for that, That's that's crazy. Nobody can do that.
SPEAKER_L: There's sadly there's a limitation on how the old the old drives, how the works like a can't spin faster than their than their made. So if it's if it's a slow if it's a slow speed you're basically it's going to take you can take a very long time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's nothing you can do to speed it up. That's how it's built. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so I was also have to be careful. I would wish to just convert everything to S. S. D. S. So that I don't have to worry about the mechanical uh the kind of parts it's solid one solid piece. So that big boots already then how I already have experience with it on this laptop that has a solid state. I would have suggested in the past people to actually get it. But it was expensive at that time. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Like what
SPEAKER_L: $500.
SPEAKER_R: what you're
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: saying?
SPEAKER_L: was even a terabyte. It's a 250 250 gets 2050 years for 500.
SPEAKER_R: because it's not that much If you think about what you have
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: on your on your system, like I think of photos and MP three files and that's not that much right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I think right now I'm working on this uh 258 South SSD and I think half of it was related half of the storage it was related to the Os and any other important software study believes it means. And then I and then the rest is basically just like stuff that I've been saving downloading. And the weird thing is like you get to a point where like you it's you were you basically filled it all the way up to the to its capacity then you're thinking it's like okay let me try to find what I need to delete. Did you find out? Like you can't the system the system can find what is useless only because it's based off of what you bothered to not to not use for a while. It's a, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So it's based on the date or like the downloads? Ator um
SPEAKER_L: certain Softwares I installer if you don't need it anymore it will do for you if
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you go.
SPEAKER_R: something I'm always confused by though. The installer, like the dot DMG I think it usually is. Can you delete that and then still keep whatever it was like adobe for example, or I think I had even for downloading one of like for Firefox or something like that, can you delete the installer once you have the application already? Like up and running and it doesn't affect it? Okay, I need to do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you should just be deleting or other installers.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I need to do that. I didn't know if it affected like I I think I have like adobe and um whatever it is for Montilla or Firefox um a couple of things like that. I still have the installers, I need to sleep post then.
SPEAKER_L: D. M. G. S. Is for it's an app it's an Apple and stuff. It's a software for installing stuff. An Apple.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have my
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: my personal
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: computer is a Mac. My work computer is uh HP but I have most of most of that stuff on the on the Apple computer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So when on the on your Apple computer when you finish installing it should be asking you you want to delete that? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It doesn't ask. No, it's only but it might because my apple computer is so old, it's from like 2015 and I'm just like praying that it keeps going a little walker. Maybe that's why it's super, super old.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah just delete all your installers like
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's good to know.
SPEAKER_L: well as I once yeah once you don't want your once you have your software software installed, the installer is not needed even most of the time. Um I think a lot of times even when you do an update it's going to download and install and install
SPEAKER_R: It does, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: even that one after you're done with it. You you can actually delete it delete that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I need to do that because it's the space is completely four on the old one, it's gonna go.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I will check your downloads downloads folder and see whatever you've downloaded. If it's if there's a the doctor if there's documents in there, I would assume like you you had a reason to to get those or just moving somewhere else and then does delete the rest? Yeah. What
SPEAKER_R: You got to do those regular cleanups. I think I hadn't been doing that and it's just like piled up. It's really bad.
SPEAKER_L: if you do, if you do perform a system uh, system clean uh system Cleanup year. It's going to aim for everything that's in the Dallas. For me. It's not going to get
SPEAKER_R: Good to know.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So your system is not going to scan what's important, what's not inside that folder. It's just going to delete everything.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. It doesn't look at when you last opened it or how often you use it or nothing like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, It just all of that's technically supposed to be temporary. Like you, you download it, you use it. Every everything that every software that you would try to install first goes through there and then is moved to the appropriate place inside your inside your computer. So whatever is left is technically not needed anymore. Unless you downloaded a download along something important documents and you never specify where to download it because automatically everything goes entered up forward and you need to just move it out. So that's it. That's it. The community college has a class of teaching people computers. Mm
SPEAKER_R: I bet so many people need this really even basic. Sometimes you you realize just something like that. I mean I've been using them since, you know, grade school, but sometimes then you realize, I don't even know some of the basics that could be really helpful.
SPEAKER_L: Well, our it's like the only teach desktop and laptop specifically. They do actually go over legs to understand like this is the existence of smartphones, like android and an Apple. Uh that's basically that's as far as they go. But they specifically teach people this is what a computer is. That's what it can do. These are how to copy and paste. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Super basics,
SPEAKER_L: it's it's there's like two versions of the, of the class. There's the one that everybody, the one that everybody takes the basic knowing of how to use a computer is like one chapter or like the first week It's a it could be a 16 week class or eight week class. So 16 weeks, they try to put all that learning how to teach you how to use a computer in like a week. The eight weeks is like probably like two or 3 like two or 3 days. You
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. But are there really people who have made it to the college level that would need a class learning like copy and like basic skills like copy and paste just because I mean, I don't know is it is it may be like people who are like a little bit older and coming back to school
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: or because I think even like when, when I was in school, like we, we still learned that stuff even when we had a really bad computer lab at my, at my high school and we still learned that stuff,
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: yes, everybody in no matter what the ages they should actually, they should actually take the class because it also includes learning how to use the Microsoft Microsoft software
SPEAKER_R: That would be the, that would be what I could use.
SPEAKER_L: at the beginning part. It is more for the for the for the for the older people. But you always learn something, you always learn something new like you know a lot of stuff about how you do things with the mouth, but sometimes people don't like, you know about the shortcut or the
SPEAKER_R: that's what I end up Googling all the time. What are the shortcuts for things like that?
SPEAKER_L: go on. So then it's like you can, even as a young person there's a chance that you would actually know how to use the computer. Like one way but take that that computer that intro to computer class, you end up learning like more like the multiple ways of doing copy and paste. Uh So yeah there's more than one. We do things there's ways to navigate through your settings. They do talk about features like accessibility, how to create a are you a basic basic user account? So that's that's the ones
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: did useful, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh it is divided into how to use. Softwares are using computers and it is one then it's kind of like made up of two classes. It does. So the second part is basically technology learn what A. T. What's the tv, what's a computer, what's the what internet, what
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: Mark falls Because in everything all the technology that you that you see there is a basic knowledge introduction now. So simply just having getting your your cable service does require your collection of like this is the device that all your service goes through where you're what this is where you're like wifi, wifi network comes from, the internet comes from. What is the basically everything all the technology, the basic technology that you need, you should actually know. That's what my classes,
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah, now that can be really important I think for sure. Yeah, that's interesting. I wish I'd had a class like that. We had a computer lab at my at my college and we had I guess some people who do work like you do that just if you were really having an issue with like an application or program or printing a paper or whatever. But I never took a class that was like that, that would have been useful to have. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Well, some people just don't the it's so mundane. Like it's so like obvious that sometimes some people like points require exactly in this class. Neither.
SPEAKER_R: But then when you say something like that about learning like the keystrokes or the shortcuts, it would be worth it. I think even to learn one thing like that that's time saving, like I also used to always copy paste with the mouse for like the longest time. And now I realize how much quicker it is to be able to do like a control way for that, you know or control. See
SPEAKER_L: Cancer.
SPEAKER_R: it's really much it ends up
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: saving your time. You can be working with both hands then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's also useful to learn about the Microsoft software. A lot of a lot of other a lot of other Softwares, they kind of originate their features from those four basic Microsoft software
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: course.
SPEAKER_L: like some people don't, some people don't understand why access exists. Thanks. Uh it's understandable. Like no one not a lot of people know what a databases and that they would be needing to like track so many records. Oh Excel some selectively doing that. But some people don't know that there's a limit to how much information can hold.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And power point is very useful for presentation but some people just like, you know what I learned. Power points never go to actually do any presentations so I just gotta get through it.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I use it because um like I do translations and editing and so sometimes we get power points where there has to be a version that's that's in english. But the reason I don't like it is that I'm not really good with like um what's the word? I'm looking like visual things or like adjusting it so if there's images and it's not looking the way it needs to look from the source, I have to try and fix it. And it's just so hard because yeah, to me it's like, like graphic design almost. I mean obviously not to that level, but it's doing something like that where instead of just typing it or writing it because that's what I like to do, it's like adjusting something visually and I just or the formatting, like I just hate it really. I get so easily frustrated with it. It's just yeah, luckily I don't have to do it that much. If I had to do it more, I would take a course on it for sure because I'm so bad at it, like really, really bad.
SPEAKER_L: I for me I've had to do some prison have to at least create some like some presentations. Uh So long as I know the basic of like hard to make a slide. Uh huh. But enough words into it so that it doesn't it looks well when
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's not overloading because you have students, so you have to make sure that they're not like, completely overloaded with these things right
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And you should. So when I had to do presentations and I had to work, what was the card to actually use a power point? I had to learn to not have the power point bead my script.
SPEAKER_R: rang.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't want to just, I don't want to turn around to like start reading because they, everybody who's viewing it also ends up bringing it. But
SPEAKER_R: of course. And
SPEAKER_L: yes, I shouldn't be the one who I shouldn't be using the power point as my life, this is what I'm talking about, I would read it. Word for word, what?
SPEAKER_R: but there's really
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like an art to presentation and like I get nervous really easily so the times that I've had to do it, I think the, the inclination is there that you want to just rely on it because it is a script, you know, but it's, there's an art to being able to be like this is the information, but now I'm going to tell you something that's more of like a story or that's more additional details. It's not easy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I have to teach people have to teach people stuff, but my most difficult part is like, it's easy for me to teach somebody when they come to me with a problem. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you can trouble it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like when it comes to somebody who is, who doesn't know what their problem is or they're like, they're there as a, as like a student wanted to learn from the teacher, I now have to like, okay, what's the subject and let me try to teach it at least as good as the teacher who has to teach you that. Thank
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: course. What can I teach you? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was like, I'm not I'm not I'm not your professor professor. I thought this, I'm only here to tell you what you don't understand from. The professor is like says like this is what the guy means. Uh if it's like 100% don't know what the professor just said, that means I have to be the one to teach you all the great. That's pretty let me Yeah, It's point.
SPEAKER_R: let's talk.
SPEAKER_L: We've I think on my end we've gone over 30
SPEAKER_R: Oh did we? Uh
SPEAKER_L: now. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: it went by so fast. I feel like I learned so much from me. Thank
SPEAKER_L: And Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you. I
SPEAKER_L: That is,
SPEAKER_R: can see why you're a good instructor,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I basically just had, so my day starts with a role modeling workshop and then I go into another workshop listening to my friend teaching about something. My job is technically too I can teach others something so.
SPEAKER_R: I see why you're good at it though. Really? It's, you explain things really clearly and for me I'm not like I have to use technology but I'm not it's just not really, I'm not really that good at it, I'm still using stuff from like years and years ago but you explain it really clearly so I can see why you're a good instructor in that area. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Age of technology doesn't actually matter so long as it's still useful whatever you're working at. Um.
SPEAKER_R: Well that makes me feel better sometimes I think. No I don't want to use this new one, I like my old stuff,
SPEAKER_L: but here here's
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna be like one of those grandma's with stuff from like 30 years ago.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not here's something that could make you feel better or maybe even scarier little there's like nuclear places that are still using old stuff Like. Yeah it's like um 70s and 80s psychology. Okay. Yeah problem is like they can't they can't simply just like update to the latest the latest devices against like everything was built in a certain way so.
SPEAKER_R: Did you watch the Chernobyl doc? You series did you? It wasn't a doctor doctor series. It was this HBO series about Chernobyl did you watch it?
SPEAKER_L: Not that I haven't watched that show
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: but.
SPEAKER_R: it so good, it was really so good and it was a lot about how they're they chose to use technology that was not necessarily up to date but it was like cost cutting, it was saving money in the soviet union and that's part of the whole reason why Chernobyl happened because it was only during a test it was so fascinating. Like more than I I thought it would be really so it's scary when you say that about nuclear stuff because you really see it in the show exactly how that happened.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of stuff and a lot of system in the U. S. Is still is still people using old old operating systems. Uh Should I what I want? It's not it wouldn't be eight and so a good example be Microsoft XP. So there's some people some places are still using X. B. Because the hardware that they're that they're using is that they can upgrade easily to like Windows 10. Thank
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: change everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so like it's it's all it all works on even though they stopped supporting the offering system. If they have to actually upgraded they would have to just change all the hardware and then get the life and think for the for the os. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and you have downtime while it's upgrading and all of this stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so some places are still working fine with old technology it's
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: enough for for the for the work to be done with what they have. So like we never don't always need to actually have the latest technology so long as it's actually it's actually working the way it's designed.
SPEAKER_R: that's a really good point. That's that's what I tell myself with my old Mac book that I can no longer update. It's okay
SPEAKER_L: I'm wishing to get a new computer and I'm thinking it's like okay I don't want to go with I don't need to actually go with the latest components, but I also so but I do need to actually get something that is going to last for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: that's the key. And I feel like stuff like now with the phones like my first iphone lasted for like four years. Good luck trying to get one to last for four years now like I swear it's on purpose that this stuff can't that you can't make it stretch that long you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. At the time when they brought, well what they find out like on the older, on the older phones that they were forcing the like everything, all technology gets worn out because of how much power is being used to like to cross every process that you do is burning it, burning the hardware little by little and in the and some of the software updates, hardware updates for like and the older ones, they were decreasing the amount of power that the phone could actually, the software could actually use. People find out like uh your people are like Apple was slowing down older phones and it's like, well the purposes that if they don't slow down, if they don't slow down those those older phones, they're not going to last longer. So that
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: so they people were were unhappy because they're they're older phones were being were being slowed down was like, they don't really wanted to, I guess they didn't really comprehend the whole they want to extend the life.
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, So you and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you have to make a choice. Do you want to keep using it just slowly or you have to get a new one entirely?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because like, even even with like the that those are new graphics card, those that came out and there was there's been defects on it. The reason why there is a defect is that people are, there's a base, this is like a minimum uh there's like a minimum power that that needs to be put into the heart, into the graphics card to work properly. And some people who actually know how to increase the power in towards like the basically the over coffee. So when you over clock the graphics card, there's a point where it can't handle the processing power so it just ends up burning out. It's like it's something that is it something that manufacturing manufacturers know about. So try to make they try to come to compensate their design for people who like going to over fuck the graphic cards. But for some of them the way they built it didn't actually wasn't actually made properly for that. Some were able to work when the when the when the carter is over clocked and some of them just like started to burn out. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's just too much.
SPEAKER_L: things like
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It all hardware technology you know that depends on how you use it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah of course yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The age of something doesn't actually matter until you can't use it anymore. Um My first my first phone I used it until the data returned to sand. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: How long how long was it? How many years?
SPEAKER_L: what was uh so it's it's an old phone. I think it was 78 years.
SPEAKER_R: What? Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: constant usage always I guess doing the doing the updates and it just Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I can't my my my longest one was the very first it wasn't the first iphone but it was like my first iphone I guess it was the second or third one that came out and it was four years. I mean that's just I can't imagine eight years with the phone, wow, this could be,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That phone told me that he was going to pass away.
SPEAKER_R: it was like no more.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like I was like phone calls were like work really this thing on and even itself like I can't turn on anymore.
SPEAKER_R: it was like no please. I've had enough. That's too funny, wow. Let's get to know though. That's good to know because some, I mean my work computer and my my home laptop just becoming, they're like getting up there and so I'm always thinking like it's such an investment, getting another one so I'm trying to stretch them but that's good to know as long as it's working and it's running it's it's still okay then.
SPEAKER_L: I so just one question about the state of how physically it looks, has does it still, is it still the same shape or do you know if you look at what like the battery is does it look like you explained it well. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: um I did have something strange happen on the Mac which is that um on the bottom of it there's these like round black um coasters or whatever it likes sits on when the laptop is sitting on a table. Do you know what I mean? one of them just came off which was weird because like I never really take it anywhere. It's it's always just at home and one came off and it's like sticky on the bottom. Where I can tell that it was that it was on there. That's the only physical change. Other than that I I haven't noticed any kind of physical change with it and nothing with the work laptop. It's just That happened maybe two or three weeks ago and I was like that's really odd because it doesn't get beat up. It doesn't get I mean it's mostly just sitting on the couch. I don't even use it every day, most of the time. More on my work computer was a little bit strange. I don't I wonder if that would have to do with the battery expanding.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's what you're, I think what we're describing is just like the little knobs, the legs assaulted
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's just this round thing on the bottom.
SPEAKER_L: so that's actually fine. So there I've had somebody who actually brought is left their their left apple laptop to school and it was basically like twice as thick. So yeah, so the problem is that the batteries expanded so
SPEAKER_R: Why it gets hot or something?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was bad. So if the better. So what I'm actually saying is like if you have is if your if your computer if your laptop if around the battery is like basically like a bubble, like it's a huge dome reach bubble. Your laptop is basically has expanded to almost two basically it's basically like thicker then it usually was that means that the battery is getting bigger which shouldn't actually happen.
SPEAKER_R: No, that sounds terrifying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And we all like realize like yeah, you're that laptop is gonna is probably going to explode at some point. Oh
SPEAKER_R: what did he do?
SPEAKER_L: we don't know actually. I had to help them with installing a soft software to for him to do programming was working fine, but like don't know what happened to that laptop when he went home.
SPEAKER_R: that does not sound safe to be using.
SPEAKER_L: No it's not uh all.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, but that's good to know to keep an eye out for that because that was the only change. Just that I thought was a little bit weird because it happened seemingly out of nowhere, like I hadn't been carrying it or commuting with it and I was like wonder why pieces are falling off of it, but it's definitely not like swollen or like what you're describing, it sounds like
SPEAKER_L: it's just it's just your life. Like it's to prevent that whatever whatever that little round thing that's missing. It's just to prevent your laptop from like sliding on on surface and it's basically just the glue at some point. Yeah. At some point the glue the psych gives up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's look like what happens. Yeah Okay,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've I've fixed screens, the older one. Older older laptops are easier to fix because it's either a screw or they're all like so like latches. Uh You literally just need to actually have a tool that prize in between like the back and the front plate. You can literally just like take it apart just like then stop it back together. But I don't know about like the most recent, the most recent laptops because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they're so tiny,
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: they're like so slim. I don't even know you can't even use
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: like a normal driving them. Like I have a plug in mouse and things like that, you can't even use those. That's also why I'm hesitating to get one. There's so much more expensive and you can't even use old stuff with them.
SPEAKER_L: that's what everything is going towards.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's so crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I wish it would actually be a little thicker. Yeah, another
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because you actually when they're
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: so small, it's like I don't like having a phone that's really small and thin either because I always feel like I'm going to drop it. I like something with a little bit more like bulk, you know?
SPEAKER_L: that's where the phone case comes in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. I have the really big one too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think for me I wanted to have a phone case that has a stand but also able to um cover the screen part. But hard flying something. It's sort of it's hard, it's hard to find a case. It's like both in the evening.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I had to buy the separate one with like the glass that goes on it, which I don't really like because it's so hard to put the glass screen on it, but it's worked so far. It's, I gave up. It's, it's like you said, it's so hard looking for the one that like actually clicks in the otter box is pretty good. It's just it's kind of ugly so
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I wish to have actually had electric. My previous phone had an auto box and I've pretty much liked it because I was kept on dropping that thing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know me too.
SPEAKER_L: like but what I was disappointed was I wanted to actually get the wonderful stand. But they went officially and the one that has a like a book, like the book covered i that protects the screen, I could probably like flip it over so that and bend it so that it fits that.
SPEAKER_R: mm. That it stands, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it just but it wasn't designed for that, right?
SPEAKER_R: it's not what you want.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's well you gotta you gotta get what you get you get a pick one. That's the sad part. Like I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: wanted
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: to spend more than the protecting the screen. Listen. Uh Yes. Well I have I have again extended how long we were we needed to watch
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: it on? But
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: ok waiting. I need my charger. No, it's okay. Like I said I learned a lot from this. It was great. Actually, I didn't know what to expect. I hadn't done the survey with the chat before so I had no idea what to expect. This was really fun.
SPEAKER_L: So this is my 5th 1. Okay. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow. I hadn't done it. I had I had no idea.
SPEAKER_L: I think I've learned I've learned from so a few people I've talked to some I've talked to us um a person who who is working a lot was working in Los Angeles. I want to talked to another person about like keeping keeping yourself healthy. It's like subject just it's all it's all random all over the place. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's kind of cool how you just come up with something with a total stranger. I like it actually new
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: york.
SPEAKER_L: is I think for it's always best selection. Just learned something. Yeah it
SPEAKER_R: for sure.
SPEAKER_L: makes it easier when you have like you you start somewhere and we found like that it's a subject that you start with like oh it's a pretty much it's a pretty common interest, like we have something that matches it, just goal for.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's really cool. Especially right now and yeah, we've been really, I don't know what you guys we've been really isolated, so it's nice even just to be able to talk a little bit more like we used to do at work, so that's cool for that. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: frank,
SPEAKER_R: what was your, what was your name by the way?
SPEAKER_L: my name is g uh
SPEAKER_R: Q
SPEAKER_L: search for gill lane
SPEAKER_R: wow. Are you french
SPEAKER_L: Belgian technically.
SPEAKER_R: when?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm going through the I'm us citizen now. I kind of wish that I didn't actually have to take the box of like give up my Belgian citizenship.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So many european countries make you give it up, It's terrible because I lived for years in Germany and Austria and I could have gotten citizenship but I'd have to give up us citizenship and I was like yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh What about you? What's your name and nationality?
SPEAKER_R: uh huh I'm I'm american, my name's rennie um yep I'm american but I lived um actually just moved back to new york last year, so in december, terrible timing, but I lived almost nine years in Germany and Austria a little bit in France, but mostly in Germany and Austria because I did a little bit of journalism, travel writing, um but then I got into um translation editing, things like that once I could finally speak german, so this was,
SPEAKER_L: I only lived in Belgium when I was young so I didn't actually have the chance of doing anything special beyond of like being there for elementary school. All right.
SPEAKER_R: do you even remember that much about it or not really?
SPEAKER_L: I do remember the I remember to locate uh around where I where I lived. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. What city was it?
SPEAKER_L: brussels
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I've I've been, I was like two days in brussels and then I was one day in antwerp years and years ago, but brussels is really beautiful, it's really a nice city.
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm model of might have gone to France like for a visit. That's that's basically about it. I can't I can't even tell if I if I did or not but I definitely went around brussels and around Belgium. Really? Oh it's a tiny country but like you got this a lot of stuff. I Yeah. Yeah there's like a remember like a shopping center that I'd like to actually go to uh
SPEAKER_R: Well, nice
SPEAKER_L: the school that I was go I've lived in an apartment building that was next to my school and then there was a comic book shop go to again
SPEAKER_R: but down album is like really known for this for comic books, it's um there's like a bunch of illustrators I think not it's not rin tin tin, it's another one I can't astro and s tricks or something like this,
SPEAKER_L: after its limits.
SPEAKER_R: asterix and obelix uh this is is like I remember that when I was there, there was so much from this,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have I think I used to actually have at least maybe like 11 of them one of their, one of the books,
SPEAKER_R: my home,
SPEAKER_L: there was another one, um, I think it was sort of, which was about a
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: pre it was about a priest who vigilante priest. Yeah. Uh, soft, soft crime solve mysteries.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that sounds interesting,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. There's
SPEAKER_R: that's a color.
SPEAKER_L: a, there's a lot of stuff I never haven't actually, basically, once I got into America, haven't really left the country. All
SPEAKER_R: Is your family, Your family's here? So there's not as much reason to go back. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I just want like, should be like old enough to buy my old enough or should have been in a position where like, okay, maybe I'll start traveling outside the country like financially and it's not
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What I always find is like the, when I have the time to travel, I don't have the money and when I have the money I have no time working. Especially like when you're in school, when I was in school, I had No, I if I had like $20 left at the end of the week that I was in a good place, you just don't have, you don't have it, you know? But there's time, there's always time to go back.
SPEAKER_L: that is that is true.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nobody can be traveling now anyway. So you've got some time.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's that's at this point that's where um, just being in flux, you drive around California is because, I mean, there's a, there's definitely enough, um, different last landscapes will actually see something different. Yeah, I've gone, I've gone through the desert. I,
SPEAKER_R: Well, nice.
SPEAKER_L: I've gone to the, I guess the good desert where there's still plant life and then I've gone to the bad one where you're wondering like how in the world for a place that on average is like 100° I guess or at least 90. And they've built stuff which every, I don't know if it's like every 10 to 15 miles is an exit to go to a city. Yeah. If you look
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: up,
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: if you look at the area like the Salton Sea, that's basically like what I'm actually talking about. Like when I went there for my brother who was trying to do a filming friend, film something Just, it was just 100°.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. I couldn't take it. I can't take the heat like that a little bit. But not.
SPEAKER_L: But you, part of what I didn't realize it didn't take into account was like needed, your vehicle needs to actually be ready for that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_L: I did not do good maintenance on that. Things went bad for things
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: like that for me when I was done with going in that area.
SPEAKER_R: the car was like finished
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was, it was it. I thought I had this leg looked up at like the coolant then things would have actually like, okay, I need every time that I get back from that from that area, police
SPEAKER_R: you've
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: got to give an attack, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that's so it's kind of like, uh, alert. So you learn that you should be taking care of your vehicle and that there is an area in California where they try to build stuff. But like in the, things like it was in the 70s, like most of that area is just under developed. It looks like a desert, but things are just old people still live there.
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine really. That's,
SPEAKER_L: okay. The best you'll find like fast food restaurants basically to check out point to check out for food or at small stores for like I'm essentials. You're you're not going to find a supermarket, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: That would be so tough really to live like that. I mean, I guess there's advantages for them in some way like, but I can't imagine that
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: if you wanted to do a recreational business like ATVs. Dune buggies. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, then it's, it's the kind of place, yeah. Or maybe if you just want the piece of like not having that many people around, I can imagine for something like that, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why there's definitely
SPEAKER_R: I need a good supermarket, that's important.
SPEAKER_L: I did not see a walmart. I think you would see a walmart, you probably CIA Starbuck everywhere ever. Like wal mart. No, I didn't see one there and Starbucks, I don't remember everything that but fast food restaurants, Like I saw like one or 2 and but planning and the gas stations like a few. So it's not really like if you wanted to live in that area, you really got to be wanting to live in that area.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and be prepared that there's just not going to be as many conveniences, wow.
SPEAKER_L: And basically have fun. I think I there's a lot of like again a T. V. S. And D. Buggies, um off road vehicles, So a few of that trucks so people who like to camp
SPEAKER_R: it's perfect for this. Yeah, I can imagine,
SPEAKER_L: that's basically it. Great, great place. You've got to hydrate yourself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, I believe it, jeez, that would be the biggest, I think, wow. Uh huh. Crazy
SPEAKER_L: that's that's bad desert. Good. That would
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: be the one where It does a lot of you still see a lot of plant life, but every like 30 like like like 30 miles you you go to the you either go to the next city or there's like something new. An intersection of like splitting highway. Yeah it gets I like to I like to drive. I like because you know it's something to do.
SPEAKER_R: That's relaxing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: when you go into the, when you drive in the desert, you got nothing. You got no like you're
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's like the same landscape just like spread out over and over, right well
SPEAKER_L: right. It's usually fun. I've I've tend to pass by casinos and see on the horizon. You just see like this giant bright leg thing that as spotlights I says I am here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's too funny, wow, that's so interesting. I mean it's so different from here because like the east coast or at least where I am like new york, New Jersey, it's so built up, you know like you would really have to drive far to get to a place where there's like that like nothing and then of course it's not that it's like mountains and stuff, that's what we have, so mountains and forests
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yes, as I have more questions, do you have? I don't know, maybe it was just new york city yet you have to pay to actually go into the city and out. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: if you're going through the tunnel, if you're driving so if you're going through like the Holland tunnel or the Lincoln tunnel then there's there's tolls to go through but I don't actually drive, I mean I used to but it's just not necessary here and you end up paying so much for parking so much for car maintenance. And like you have the subway system so it's not really necessary. If you take the subway out of the city then. Yeah. Like you you would have to pay for the different train that actually leaves new york city that goes to New Jersey or that goes to upstate new york. But yeah, for the driving. Yeah, you have to pay.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I make a lot of money that way for the city from the tolls for sure. It's expensive.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't see it like this new york city just basically just a bunch of buildings. I the I don't like big cities because everybody is trying to actually build stuff that we've been going to that one spot of like okay, the city is great, but you can't go into it, you can't or
SPEAKER_R: I know. I know it's it's exactly I mean, I live in queens, so it's like it's not like right in the center, it's outside. When I was in college, I lived a little bit more like central, but it takes on this thing. I mean, it's like traffic all the time. People on the streets all the time. It's it's always something sirens or whatever. I like better being outside where like you're close to the city if you need to go for work or you know, whatever. But there's like, it's more quiet, it's a little bit more relaxed. I like it much better. I can't imagine, to live like right in the center, it's too much.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: It was hard enough even when I had different jobs and I didn't work at home and I had to commute in and out and like, it just can be a lot big cities are, yeah, they're tough. They're necessary, but they're tough.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know Los Angeles like uh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: huh. Business, Yes, Okay, I'll go, I got a business, but if you tell me like you want to live in Los Angeles, like can I just live outside, Can
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll believe you
SPEAKER_L: I don't mind driving in an hour into the city because it's definitely going to be cheaper than living in the center or even close to. It's like I'm fine with the drive, but go living in there. Like I think here when the only ones who who stayed living in Los Angeles are the ones who are young, they leave you have to to be there. And I guess the ones who have actually made it to the point where they can sustain living there. It's like you ever
SPEAKER_R: But then it's like you pay,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: it's the same thing here in new york. Like people also get to the point where you can sustain, like you said, living in the city center, but for what, you're just
SPEAKER_L: we just
SPEAKER_R: paying so much
SPEAKER_L: fucking
SPEAKER_R: money then to live in like a luxury apartment where like you're not even allowed to have a washing machine. Like it's just, it's so small compared to something you could get outside. So I don't understand it. I guess the convenience that you can walk a few minutes to Central Park or something, but like it just doesn't seem like a really good quality of life to me. I guess everybody has different parameters for that, but
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: for me it doesn't seem worth it.
SPEAKER_L: to me it's the title of the monikers and I lived in Los Angeles.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Exactly. Yeah. Or I live in in the center in the center of new york city. You know, you can walk to my to my house or whatever. It's like a prestige thing, I think you're right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh If it wasn't if it wasn't for the for the vehicles and the fight for parking one makes your mind, you know, walking if you can buy, if you can buy or get stuff and you're able to just carry it with your own hands. That's great. Not the only the only the last problem with this baby furniture. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, that you need delivery for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Well it was great to talk to you. This is really fun actually.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Welcome for
SPEAKER_R: I'll let you get back. It must be still the middle of your workday right because it's six here so it must be what like three there we're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: working?
SPEAKER_L: I don't have I don't have work this uh It's my it's my day off of work. I do I did have to actually do a workshop because it was it was something scheduled ahead of but I do have to go and meet my brother for for shopping I think. But
SPEAKER_R: Um That sounds good. At least to get out a little bit cool.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I will I guess have a good day boy.
SPEAKER_R: you too. Thanks so much. This was was really
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: so much fun. I didn't expect it. Thanks for the great chat.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and if you ever wanted I guess if you ever get the opportunity to sign up against with this so just go ahead. You might actually
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for sure I was nervous about it but this was this was great actually.
SPEAKER_L: I think people are just willing to it's like you just talk. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's just interesting yeah cool
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: enjoy your the rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I have a good weekend. It was nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: until you too