Can you hear me?
But
no, no, no, no. I hope you weren't either. I wasn't sure when I was supposed to join. Okay.
what is that? Unity?
interesting. I don't know anything about this. Are you a video game developer?
Very cool.
Great. We're at
oh, nice here in California. Okay. Of course. Yeah, I'm in new york.
Yeah. Coast to Coast.
Well, Covid. Okay. I guess. I don't know how to describe it. It's better now than it has been in the last or the earlier months this year. But yeah, I mean, you know, you guys know to you've had you've really had it over the last few months, right over the summer. It was really tough.
Or two.
Yeah. For me, I mean I don't know about you but I actually work at home full time. So like do you do you work at home already or?
so
it was a big adjustment.
Well that's great for for people who are taking computer science classes or
that's
great.
My nightmare hate it. Word. I'm better with power point and excel. I just I hate them so much.
But
like necessary evils.
that's that's just it. I almost need probably like what you have, like I could use a course in it, luckily for my work. I don't have to use it as much. But like I remember once and this probably sounds so stupid to you, but I didn't realize that you really have to save everything that you're doing and that if you're not saving it, you run the chance of losing a lot of material. And I did on on a spreadsheet once. And it was just Yeah, it just felt so stupid. Like this is like 20 years ago or something, you know, I'm used to everything kind of automatically saving so it's just yeah, I don't know, I need things that are more intuitive and with word like I have to Google things a lot. I have to look informs a lot. But once I learned it it just, it is the way it is. It's pretty good. But excel, I don't know. It's a pain in the butt.
No,
it was. Well and part of the problem I think is that on my laptop, I think I'm having an issue with bandwidths. So sometimes it's like just overloaded and I have to use multiple browsers for my for my work, especially for multiple clients. So I'm a translator and an editor. So sometimes I have different things open depending on who I'm working for. And I think what happened was there was like a shutdown that wasn't how it should have been. So normally it would ask do you want to save? And in this it was one of those things where everything just kind of like blanked out and I ended up losing all of this information that I had been inputting forever and it just yeah it was one of those things like okay, lesson learned to know I save it all the time. But yeah it's frustrating.
and
no,
because the auto save is connected to your Microsoft account right? And I'm always having problems with the Microsoft account, I don't know what that's about either.
that I've had, it just was this one time I think, I don't know if it was an issue with too much else was running and it was just a really bad crash and it didn't save it. But yeah, normally
normally that part is okay, It was just like the one time and now I have it like a tick where I save constantly like so
I
know.
So
I know this is crazy. But see that's also one of those things, I feel like you only need to make that mistake once and then you never do it again. Like once you lose this, it's yeah,
that's true. God,
I would think especially for students that must be like total nightmare if you lose that stuff.
Mm That's
Oh, that's good
into the cloud area and
then it helps.
it's useless.
Oh wow.
Really old school?
Just
continuously running like not even shut down or just Oh
man.
Hello?
I
can't even imagine.
And was it really old? Is that why it's just old technology
and now it
this is basic, yeah.
it's developing,
I would think that somebody might have a system that they could copy that quicker because to take that much time for that, That's that's crazy. Nobody can do that.
Yeah, there's nothing you can do to speed it up. That's how it's built. Yeah.
Like what
what you're
saying?
because it's not that much If you think about what you have
on your on your system, like I think of photos and MP three files and that's not that much right
So it's based on the date or like the downloads? Ator um
That's
something I'm always confused by though. The installer, like the dot DMG I think it usually is. Can you delete that and then still keep whatever it was like adobe for example, or I think I had even for downloading one of like for Firefox or something like that, can you delete the installer once you have the application already? Like up and running and it doesn't affect it? Okay, I need to do that.
Okay, I need to do that. I didn't know if it affected like I I think I have like adobe and um whatever it is for Montilla or Firefox um a couple of things like that. I still have the installers, I need to sleep post then.
Yeah, I have my
my personal
computer is a Mac. My work computer is uh HP but I have most of most of that stuff on the on the Apple computer.
It doesn't ask. No, it's only but it might because my apple computer is so old, it's from like 2015 and I'm just like praying that it keeps going a little walker. Maybe that's why it's super, super old.
Okay, that's good to know.
It does, yeah.
Okay, I need to do that because it's the space is completely four on the old one, it's gonna go.
You got to do those regular cleanups. I think I hadn't been doing that and it's just like piled up. It's really bad.
Good to know.
interesting. It doesn't look at when you last opened it or how often you use it or nothing like that.
I bet so many people need this really even basic. Sometimes you you realize just something like that. I mean I've been using them since, you know, grade school, but sometimes then you realize, I don't even know some of the basics that could be really helpful.
Super basics,
Mhm. But are there really people who have made it to the college level that would need a class learning like copy and like basic skills like copy and paste just because I mean, I don't know is it is it may be like people who are like a little bit older and coming back to school
or because I think even like when, when I was in school, like we, we still learned that stuff even when we had a really bad computer lab at my, at my high school and we still learned that stuff,
you know what I mean?
That would be the, that would be what I could use.
that's what I end up Googling all the time. What are the shortcuts for things like that?
I
did useful, yeah.
One.
that's yeah, now that can be really important I think for sure. Yeah, that's interesting. I wish I'd had a class like that. We had a computer lab at my at my college and we had I guess some people who do work like you do that just if you were really having an issue with like an application or program or printing a paper or whatever. But I never took a class that was like that, that would have been useful to have. For sure.
But then when you say something like that about learning like the keystrokes or the shortcuts, it would be worth it. I think even to learn one thing like that that's time saving, like I also used to always copy paste with the mouse for like the longest time. And now I realize how much quicker it is to be able to do like a control way for that, you know or control. See
it's really much it ends up
saving your time. You can be working with both hands then.
of
course.
Yeah, of course.
I mean I use it because um like I do translations and editing and so sometimes we get power points where there has to be a version that's that's in english. But the reason I don't like it is that I'm not really good with like um what's the word? I'm looking like visual things or like adjusting it so if there's images and it's not looking the way it needs to look from the source, I have to try and fix it. And it's just so hard because yeah, to me it's like, like graphic design almost. I mean obviously not to that level, but it's doing something like that where instead of just typing it or writing it because that's what I like to do, it's like adjusting something visually and I just or the formatting, like I just hate it really. I get so easily frustrated with it. It's just yeah, luckily I don't have to do it that much. If I had to do it more, I would take a course on it for sure because I'm so bad at it, like really, really bad.
Yeah. And it's not overloading because you have students, so you have to make sure that they're not like, completely overloaded with these things right
rang.
of course. And
but there's really
like an art to presentation and like I get nervous really easily so the times that I've had to do it, I think the, the inclination is there that you want to just rely on it because it is a script, you know, but it's, there's an art to being able to be like this is the information, but now I'm going to tell you something that's more of like a story or that's more additional details. It's not easy.
you can trouble it.
of
course. What can I teach you? Yeah,
let's talk.
Oh did we? Uh
wow,
it went by so fast. I feel like I learned so much from me. Thank
you. I
can see why you're a good instructor,
I see why you're good at it though. Really? It's, you explain things really clearly and for me I'm not like I have to use technology but I'm not it's just not really, I'm not really that good at it, I'm still using stuff from like years and years ago but you explain it really clearly so I can see why you're a good instructor in that area. For sure.
Well that makes me feel better sometimes I think. No I don't want to use this new one, I like my old stuff,
I'm gonna be like one of those grandma's with stuff from like 30 years ago.
Did you watch the Chernobyl doc? You series did you? It wasn't a doctor doctor series. It was this HBO series about Chernobyl did you watch it?
I got
it so good, it was really so good and it was a lot about how they're they chose to use technology that was not necessarily up to date but it was like cost cutting, it was saving money in the soviet union and that's part of the whole reason why Chernobyl happened because it was only during a test it was so fascinating. Like more than I I thought it would be really so it's scary when you say that about nuclear stuff because you really see it in the show exactly how that happened.
just
change everything.
Yeah and you have downtime while it's upgrading and all of this stuff.
No
that's a really good point. That's that's what I tell myself with my old Mac book that I can no longer update. It's okay
that's the key. And I feel like stuff like now with the phones like my first iphone lasted for like four years. Good luck trying to get one to last for four years now like I swear it's on purpose that this stuff can't that you can't make it stretch that long you know
of course.
That makes sense. Yeah.
Yeah you have to make a choice. Do you want to keep using it just slowly or you have to get a new one entirely?
it's just too much.
That's
interesting.
Yeah of course yeah.
How long how long was it? How many years?
What? Oh my God.
I can't my my my longest one was the very first it wasn't the first iphone but it was like my first iphone I guess it was the second or third one that came out and it was four years. I mean that's just I can't imagine eight years with the phone, wow, this could be,
it was like no more.
it was like no please. I've had enough. That's too funny, wow. Let's get to know though. That's good to know because some, I mean my work computer and my my home laptop just becoming, they're like getting up there and so I'm always thinking like it's such an investment, getting another one so I'm trying to stretch them but that's good to know as long as it's working and it's running it's it's still okay then.
um I did have something strange happen on the Mac which is that um on the bottom of it there's these like round black um coasters or whatever it likes sits on when the laptop is sitting on a table. Do you know what I mean? one of them just came off which was weird because like I never really take it anywhere. It's it's always just at home and one came off and it's like sticky on the bottom. Where I can tell that it was that it was on there. That's the only physical change. Other than that I I haven't noticed any kind of physical change with it and nothing with the work laptop. It's just That happened maybe two or three weeks ago and I was like that's really odd because it doesn't get beat up. It doesn't get I mean it's mostly just sitting on the couch. I don't even use it every day, most of the time. More on my work computer was a little bit strange. I don't I wonder if that would have to do with the battery expanding.
Yeah it's just this round thing on the bottom.
Why it gets hot or something?
No, that sounds terrifying.
what did he do?
that does not sound safe to be using.
Okay, but that's good to know to keep an eye out for that because that was the only change. Just that I thought was a little bit weird because it happened seemingly out of nowhere, like I hadn't been carrying it or commuting with it and I was like wonder why pieces are falling off of it, but it's definitely not like swollen or like what you're describing, it sounds like
Yeah that's look like what happens. Yeah Okay,
that's good.
Yeah they're so tiny,
they're like so slim. I don't even know you can't even use
like a normal driving them. Like I have a plug in mouse and things like that, you can't even use those. That's also why I'm hesitating to get one. There's so much more expensive and you can't even use old stuff with them.
I know it's so crazy.
Yeah. Because you actually when they're
so small, it's like I don't like having a phone that's really small and thin either because I always feel like I'm going to drop it. I like something with a little bit more like bulk, you know?
Yeah, that's true. I have the really big one too.
I know. I had to buy the separate one with like the glass that goes on it, which I don't really like because it's so hard to put the glass screen on it, but it's worked so far. It's, I gave up. It's, it's like you said, it's so hard looking for the one that like actually clicks in the otter box is pretty good. It's just it's kind of ugly so
Yeah, I know me too.
mm. That it stands, yeah.
it's not what you want.
I
know.
no
it's
ok waiting. I need my charger. No, it's okay. Like I said I learned a lot from this. It was great. Actually, I didn't know what to expect. I hadn't done the survey with the chat before so I had no idea what to expect. This was really fun.
wow. I hadn't done it. I had I had no idea.
It's kind of cool how you just come up with something with a total stranger. I like it actually new
york.
for sure.
Yeah. Yeah, it's really cool. Especially right now and yeah, we've been really, I don't know what you guys we've been really isolated, so it's nice even just to be able to talk a little bit more like we used to do at work, so that's cool for that. Okay,
what was your, what was your name by the way?
Q
wow. Are you french
when?
Yeah. So many european countries make you give it up, It's terrible because I lived for years in Germany and Austria and I could have gotten citizenship but I'd have to give up us citizenship and I was like yeah
uh huh I'm I'm american, my name's rennie um yep I'm american but I lived um actually just moved back to new york last year, so in december, terrible timing, but I lived almost nine years in Germany and Austria a little bit in France, but mostly in Germany and Austria because I did a little bit of journalism, travel writing, um but then I got into um translation editing, things like that once I could finally speak german, so this was,
do you even remember that much about it or not really?
Mhm. What city was it?
Okay, I've I've been, I was like two days in brussels and then I was one day in antwerp years and years ago, but brussels is really beautiful, it's really a nice city.
Well, nice
but down album is like really known for this for comic books, it's um there's like a bunch of illustrators I think not it's not rin tin tin, it's another one I can't astro and s tricks or something like this,
asterix and obelix uh this is is like I remember that when I was there, there was so much from this,
my home,
No.
Oh that sounds interesting,
that's a color.
Is your family, Your family's here? So there's not as much reason to go back. Right.
Yeah. What I always find is like the, when I have the time to travel, I don't have the money and when I have the money I have no time working. Especially like when you're in school, when I was in school, I had No, I if I had like $20 left at the end of the week that I was in a good place, you just don't have, you don't have it, you know? But there's time, there's always time to go back.
Yeah. Nobody can be traveling now anyway. So you've got some time.
Well, nice.
So
crazy.
Oh my God. I couldn't take it. I can't take the heat like that a little bit. But not.
that's true. Yeah. And
no,
the car was like finished
you've
got to give an attack, yeah,
I can't imagine really. That's,
That would be so tough really to live like that. I mean, I guess there's advantages for them in some way like, but I can't imagine that
that's
yeah, then it's, it's the kind of place, yeah. Or maybe if you just want the piece of like not having that many people around, I can imagine for something like that, but
I need a good supermarket, that's important.
Yeah, and be prepared that there's just not going to be as many conveniences, wow.
it's perfect for this. Yeah, I can imagine,
Oh my God, I believe it, jeez, that would be the biggest, I think, wow. Uh huh. Crazy
and
That's relaxing. Yeah.
yeah it's like the same landscape just like spread out over and over, right well
Yeah, that's too funny, wow, that's so interesting. I mean it's so different from here because like the east coast or at least where I am like new york, New Jersey, it's so built up, you know like you would really have to drive far to get to a place where there's like that like nothing and then of course it's not that it's like mountains and stuff, that's what we have, so mountains and forests
if you're going through the tunnel, if you're driving so if you're going through like the Holland tunnel or the Lincoln tunnel then there's there's tolls to go through but I don't actually drive, I mean I used to but it's just not necessary here and you end up paying so much for parking so much for car maintenance. And like you have the subway system so it's not really necessary. If you take the subway out of the city then. Yeah. Like you you would have to pay for the different train that actually leaves new york city that goes to New Jersey or that goes to upstate new york. But yeah, for the driving. Yeah, you have to pay.
Yeah, I make a lot of money that way for the city from the tolls for sure. It's expensive.
I know. I know it's it's exactly I mean, I live in queens, so it's like it's not like right in the center, it's outside. When I was in college, I lived a little bit more like central, but it takes on this thing. I mean, it's like traffic all the time. People on the streets all the time. It's it's always something sirens or whatever. I like better being outside where like you're close to the city if you need to go for work or you know, whatever. But there's like, it's more quiet, it's a little bit more relaxed. I like it much better. I can't imagine, to live like right in the center, it's too much.
It was hard enough even when I had different jobs and I didn't work at home and I had to commute in and out and like, it just can be a lot big cities are, yeah, they're tough. They're necessary, but they're tough.
No.
Yeah, I'll believe you
But then it's like you pay,
it's the same thing here in new york. Like people also get to the point where you can sustain, like you said, living in the city center, but for what, you're just
paying so much
money then to live in like a luxury apartment where like you're not even allowed to have a washing machine. Like it's just, it's so small compared to something you could get outside. So I don't understand it. I guess the convenience that you can walk a few minutes to Central Park or something, but like it just doesn't seem like a really good quality of life to me. I guess everybody has different parameters for that, but
for me it doesn't seem worth it.
Uh huh. Exactly. Yeah. Or I live in in the center in the center of new york city. You know, you can walk to my to my house or whatever. It's like a prestige thing, I think you're right. Yeah.
yeah, yeah, that you need delivery for sure.
Cool. Well it was great to talk to you. This is really fun actually.
I'll let you get back. It must be still the middle of your workday right because it's six here so it must be what like three there we're
still
working?
Um That sounds good. At least to get out a little bit cool.
you too. Thanks so much. This was was really
so much fun. I didn't expect it. Thanks for the great chat.
Yeah for sure I was nervous about it but this was this was great actually.
yeah it's just interesting yeah cool
then
enjoy your the rest of your day.
I have a good weekend. It was nice to meet you