Hi.
No.
Yeah. Uh Hopefully you weren't really waiting for that long. Uh
it's like they kind of started a little little along right now. Was in the middle of this, my friend is trying to do a workshop with the Unity game engine. So I was listening in so
so it's a video, it's uh so when you make video games, there's different uh some software tools, rebuild stuff. Unity is one of the is one of the game engines. Yeah, that people can that people can use. There's a I'm trying to treat think there's unreal. There's game, I think there's some game death, There's a bunch of other ones,
kind of morally more computer programmer. So yeah, so I don't have a direct path into game development, but I do know from knowledge in it. So I'm currently taking an art tweety really, our class to the animation. Right? Yeah.
Even that you have different software options. Uh I had I'm going currently, I'm going to a community college.
What that kind of California?
You are.
Yeah, sure like I was So how's it going there like?
Yeah. I think stuff like this the more fun stuff are still closed but um stop
now stars are still like places where you need to actually, it needs to actually buy through hardware. Like all that is open. And to me since I tend to not go out so much to like get to a place of gathering and to me it almost as like well place never really shut down really.
No, I started working at home because of the of the stay at home order. Yeah.
So
yeah, the thing is that so I was working at the I am working at the community college. I was I'm working, I was working at a computer lab where people had, people went there to do to basically like use the computers and they have questions, raise their hands and try the song of it basically. I had so technically have like two jobs, one in the computer lab, one as a tutor for one on 11 on one sessions.
Yeah the lab is for computer science actually basically for both because I more help people with computer related classes.
So
so programming I do can actually help people with Microsoft Softwares, mainly Word Access Excel. Which one of them missing power point. Yeah.
Will
you?
You know? I think so. No, no never had a complaint with when work when doing people doing words like they basically like I guess they love it because you know it's pretty simple. Um They they have a problem with Excel because of like all the different functions. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. The difficult the weird part is like so the auto function was on at some point and when you closed, when you close your Excel file, it didn't give you a warning egg. You are safe like
that.
Right. Yeah. It sounds like it didn't so it didn't shut down properly. It's a basically crashed. But what,
so what's bad is that it wasn't even so since the art, I guess the auto save wasn't on
off.
it should not should be connected to anything, it should be so there's the auto save and the auto recovery. I think auto recovery should be dependent on the on the auto save. So if you yourself don't if you don't constantly save and somehow something something happens like it crashes, it realizes that your it didn't close properly. So the next time that you open up this should be like a window on the on the left on the left that says like oh we realized that you didn't close properly. Other recovery comes up and says like this is what we found. You can you can start from them. What? Yeah.
I mean
that's the that's the thing with the roof computers like I've when I'm working with, when I'm working with people attention to him like okay you you gotta you gotta save and you gotta you gotta shut things down properly. Even like software and hardware because I've seen people who have like a thumb drive what's gonna hard drive and it kind of just like they either in the middle of something, they say I got to leave, they just unplug it. The employee, the employer, the U. S. B.
Like
like
they are going to.
Uh That is that is a mistake that I've seen that doesn't actually come come up that that often like it doesn't come fast enough for them to know.
Okay.
Yeah. So the nice thing is well the the saving grace is that the software that they actually use sometimes it can just like save something on there like in their student accounts like
that's yeah they have a place where they can have to submit their their assignments but they have the option of storing it before submitting. Um So
so they sometimes like okay save it on the U. S. B. And then save it up into the into the into the cloud.
So.
Uh huh. Somehow if they if they keep pulling that you the story device that many times the storage advice is gonna break. Now I would prefer to have this their file being broken but the storage devices still being fine because I can we can recover the we can recover the device when it's fine but when it's basically bad like I can't use it anymore. Yeah.
Yes I have I was trying to recover and it starts like an external and external storage device but it was pretty old one the hard drive this so it's a split so the inside is a spinning disk. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah so so or the software that I that I could get it was scanning and found like it has everything is divided into sectors, sectors are small are of a certain size and and like man bites and I was finding a lot of them but if I was only I can only scan I think like 0.2% of the five terabytes hard drive and that took for for the computer that I had two days. And
I have I mean
work
and I
I didn't realize like I had realized that okay, I know that everyone actually have a fast enough computer. I don't, I don't have the professional settings to make it faster at the same time. The storage device is is old is a chance that it doesn't actually spend that fast but that you know, I would at least get into Like a 10 and like it would take a couple of, a couple of days to do a scan and then do and then do a repair. Oh the scan would have on the estimation would have taken like 1.5 years. Oh so
I'm not awesome.
Yeah, I had to give up on that. So even if I was if I wanted to actually see the contents inside of the hard drive, there's probably enough bad sectors into it that the computer to success Unreadable. I can't can't access anything.
No,
there's there's that same drive, the same external, they're selling it today. The problem is that somebody just keeps unplugging it when they're using it, okay. And uh and I'm I'm looking at it like shut everything that get off of everything that you're that you're working on and then met and then tell the computer that you want to eject the heart, the storage device, keep doing that and you'll safely be able to unplug it
so that but that's that's like too many steps. That's too many. Like when you're, when you're hurries, like you just just thinking about like, okay, I gotta, I gotta pack up and leave now. We've got enough, we've always had enough time for that. Okay. For like five terabytes, it's okay we have the time for you to actually go through all the steps and then just one plug and then we can leave that we got all that time. But now you get somebody there's a there's a company that I guess maybe that's what you do it even they are not sure like how long is going to take until they have it. Yeah. So. Yes.
Yeah it's I wish I could have actually I wish I could have actually done it myself because it it would say it would save money but now we got to hopefully get it to somebody who has better better equipment and it's done faster. Yeah.
There's sadly there's a limitation on how the old the old drives, how the works like a can't spin faster than their than their made. So if it's if it's a slow if it's a slow speed you're basically it's going to take you can take a very long time.
so I was also have to be careful. I would wish to just convert everything to S. S. D. S. So that I don't have to worry about the mechanical uh the kind of parts it's solid one solid piece. So that big boots already then how I already have experience with it on this laptop that has a solid state. I would have suggested in the past people to actually get it. But it was expensive at that time. Yeah
$500.
It
was even a terabyte. It's a 250 250 gets 2050 years for 500.
What?
Yeah. Like I think right now I'm working on this uh 258 South SSD and I think half of it was related half of the storage it was related to the Os and any other important software study believes it means. And then I and then the rest is basically just like stuff that I've been saving downloading. And the weird thing is like you get to a point where like you it's you were you basically filled it all the way up to the to its capacity then you're thinking it's like okay let me try to find what I need to delete. Did you find out? Like you can't the system the system can find what is useless only because it's based off of what you bothered to not to not use for a while. It's a, yeah.
certain Softwares I installer if you don't need it anymore it will do for you if
you go.
Yeah you should just be deleting or other installers.
D. M. G. S. Is for it's an app it's an Apple and stuff. It's a software for installing stuff. An Apple.
Thank
you.
Yeah. So when on the on your Apple computer when you finish installing it should be asking you you want to delete that? Okay.
Yeah. Yeah just delete all your installers like
well as I once yeah once you don't want your once you have your software software installed, the installer is not needed even most of the time. Um I think a lot of times even when you do an update it's going to download and install and install
even that one after you're done with it. You you can actually delete it delete that.
Uh I will check your downloads downloads folder and see whatever you've downloaded. If it's if there's a the doctor if there's documents in there, I would assume like you you had a reason to to get those or just moving somewhere else and then does delete the rest? Yeah. What
if you do, if you do perform a system uh, system clean uh system Cleanup year. It's going to aim for everything that's in the Dallas. For me. It's not going to get
Yes. So your system is not going to scan what's important, what's not inside that folder. It's just going to delete everything.
Yeah, It just all of that's technically supposed to be temporary. Like you, you download it, you use it. Every everything that every software that you would try to install first goes through there and then is moved to the appropriate place inside your inside your computer. So whatever is left is technically not needed anymore. Unless you downloaded a download along something important documents and you never specify where to download it because automatically everything goes entered up forward and you need to just move it out. So that's it. That's it. The community college has a class of teaching people computers. Mm
Well, our it's like the only teach desktop and laptop specifically. They do actually go over legs to understand like this is the existence of smartphones, like android and an Apple. Uh that's basically that's as far as they go. But they specifically teach people this is what a computer is. That's what it can do. These are how to copy and paste. Yeah,
it's it's there's like two versions of the, of the class. There's the one that everybody, the one that everybody takes the basic knowing of how to use a computer is like one chapter or like the first week It's a it could be a 16 week class or eight week class. So 16 weeks, they try to put all that learning how to teach you how to use a computer in like a week. The eight weeks is like probably like two or 3 like two or 3 days. You
What?
So you
yes, everybody in no matter what the ages they should actually, they should actually take the class because it also includes learning how to use the Microsoft Microsoft software
at the beginning part. It is more for the for the for the for the older people. But you always learn something, you always learn something new like you know a lot of stuff about how you do things with the mouth, but sometimes people don't like, you know about the shortcut or the
go on. So then it's like you can, even as a young person there's a chance that you would actually know how to use the computer. Like one way but take that that computer that intro to computer class, you end up learning like more like the multiple ways of doing copy and paste. Uh So yeah there's more than one. We do things there's ways to navigate through your settings. They do talk about features like accessibility, how to create a are you a basic basic user account? So that's that's the ones
that
uh it is divided into how to use. Softwares are using computers and it is one then it's kind of like made up of two classes. It does. So the second part is basically technology learn what A. T. What's the tv, what's a computer, what's the what internet, what
Mark falls Because in everything all the technology that you that you see there is a basic knowledge introduction now. So simply just having getting your your cable service does require your collection of like this is the device that all your service goes through where you're what this is where you're like wifi, wifi network comes from, the internet comes from. What is the basically everything all the technology, the basic technology that you need, you should actually know. That's what my classes,
Well, some people just don't the it's so mundane. Like it's so like obvious that sometimes some people like points require exactly in this class. Neither.
Cancer.
This
Yeah. And it's also useful to learn about the Microsoft software. A lot of a lot of other a lot of other Softwares, they kind of originate their features from those four basic Microsoft software
is
like some people don't, some people don't understand why access exists. Thanks. Uh it's understandable. Like no one not a lot of people know what a databases and that they would be needing to like track so many records. Oh Excel some selectively doing that. But some people don't know that there's a limit to how much information can hold.
Yeah. And power point is very useful for presentation but some people just like, you know what I learned. Power points never go to actually do any presentations so I just gotta get through it.
I for me I've had to do some prison have to at least create some like some presentations. Uh So long as I know the basic of like hard to make a slide. Uh huh. But enough words into it so that it doesn't it looks well when
yeah. And you should. So when I had to do presentations and I had to work, what was the card to actually use a power point? I had to learn to not have the power point bead my script.
So I don't want to just, I don't want to turn around to like start reading because they, everybody who's viewing it also ends up bringing it. But
yes, I shouldn't be the one who I shouldn't be using the power point as my life, this is what I'm talking about, I would read it. Word for word, what?
What?
yeah, I have to teach people have to teach people stuff, but my most difficult part is like, it's easy for me to teach somebody when they come to me with a problem. Yeah.
Yeah, like when it comes to somebody who is, who doesn't know what their problem is or they're like, they're there as a, as like a student wanted to learn from the teacher, I now have to like, okay, what's the subject and let me try to teach it at least as good as the teacher who has to teach you that. Thank
you.
Yeah, I was like, I'm not I'm not I'm not your professor professor. I thought this, I'm only here to tell you what you don't understand from. The professor is like says like this is what the guy means. Uh if it's like 100% don't know what the professor just said, that means I have to be the one to teach you all the great. That's pretty let me Yeah, It's point.
We've I think on my end we've gone over 30
now. Uh
huh.
And Mhm. Mhm.
That is,
yeah, I basically just had, so my day starts with a role modeling workshop and then I go into another workshop listening to my friend teaching about something. My job is technically too I can teach others something so.
Age of technology doesn't actually matter so long as it's still useful whatever you're working at. Um.
but here here's
I'm not here's something that could make you feel better or maybe even scarier little there's like nuclear places that are still using old stuff Like. Yeah it's like um 70s and 80s psychology. Okay. Yeah problem is like they can't they can't simply just like update to the latest the latest devices against like everything was built in a certain way so.
Not that I haven't watched that show
but.
a lot of stuff and a lot of system in the U. S. Is still is still people using old old operating systems. Uh Should I what I want? It's not it wouldn't be eight and so a good example be Microsoft XP. So there's some people some places are still using X. B. Because the hardware that they're that they're using is that they can upgrade easily to like Windows 10. Thank
you.
Yeah so like it's it's all it all works on even though they stopped supporting the offering system. If they have to actually upgraded they would have to just change all the hardware and then get the life and think for the for the os. So
Yeah so some places are still working fine with old technology it's
enough for for the for the work to be done with what they have. So like we never don't always need to actually have the latest technology so long as it's actually it's actually working the way it's designed.
I'm wishing to get a new computer and I'm thinking it's like okay I don't want to go with I don't need to actually go with the latest components, but I also so but I do need to actually get something that is going to last for a long time.
Yeah. At the time when they brought, well what they find out like on the older, on the older phones that they were forcing the like everything, all technology gets worn out because of how much power is being used to like to cross every process that you do is burning it, burning the hardware little by little and in the and some of the software updates, hardware updates for like and the older ones, they were decreasing the amount of power that the phone could actually, the software could actually use. People find out like uh your people are like Apple was slowing down older phones and it's like, well the purposes that if they don't slow down, if they don't slow down those those older phones, they're not going to last longer. So that
so they people were were unhappy because they're they're older phones were being were being slowed down was like, they don't really wanted to, I guess they didn't really comprehend the whole they want to extend the life.
Yeah, So you and
Yeah, because like, even even with like the that those are new graphics card, those that came out and there was there's been defects on it. The reason why there is a defect is that people are, there's a base, this is like a minimum uh there's like a minimum power that that needs to be put into the heart, into the graphics card to work properly. And some people who actually know how to increase the power in towards like the basically the over coffee. So when you over clock the graphics card, there's a point where it can't handle the processing power so it just ends up burning out. It's like it's something that is it something that manufacturing manufacturers know about. So try to make they try to come to compensate their design for people who like going to over fuck the graphic cards. But for some of them the way they built it didn't actually wasn't actually made properly for that. Some were able to work when the when the when the carter is over clocked and some of them just like started to burn out. Yeah,
things like
that.
Yeah. It all hardware technology you know that depends on how you use it.
The age of something doesn't actually matter until you can't use it anymore. Um My first my first phone I used it until the data returned to sand. Yeah. And
what was uh so it's it's an old phone. I think it was 78 years.
constant usage always I guess doing the doing the updates and it just Yeah.
Yeah. That phone told me that he was going to pass away.
Yeah. It's like I was like phone calls were like work really this thing on and even itself like I can't turn on anymore.
I so just one question about the state of how physically it looks, has does it still, is it still the same shape or do you know if you look at what like the battery is does it look like you explained it well. Okay.
Well it's what you're, I think what we're describing is just like the little knobs, the legs assaulted
so that's actually fine. So there I've had somebody who actually brought is left their their left apple laptop to school and it was basically like twice as thick. So yeah, so the problem is that the batteries expanded so
yeah, it was bad. So if the better. So what I'm actually saying is like if you have is if your if your computer if your laptop if around the battery is like basically like a bubble, like it's a huge dome reach bubble. Your laptop is basically has expanded to almost two basically it's basically like thicker then it usually was that means that the battery is getting bigger which shouldn't actually happen.
Yeah. And we all like realize like yeah, you're that laptop is gonna is probably going to explode at some point. Oh
we don't know actually. I had to help them with installing a soft software to for him to do programming was working fine, but like don't know what happened to that laptop when he went home.
No it's not uh all.
it's just it's just your life. Like it's to prevent that whatever whatever that little round thing that's missing. It's just to prevent your laptop from like sliding on on surface and it's basically just the glue at some point. Yeah. At some point the glue the psych gives up.
But
Yeah, I've I've fixed screens, the older one. Older older laptops are easier to fix because it's either a screw or they're all like so like latches. Uh You literally just need to actually have a tool that prize in between like the back and the front plate. You can literally just like take it apart just like then stop it back together. But I don't know about like the most recent, the most recent laptops because
good
it's
that's what everything is going towards.
I wish it would actually be a little thicker. Yeah, another
because
that's where the phone case comes in.
Yeah, I think for me I wanted to have a phone case that has a stand but also able to um cover the screen part. But hard flying something. It's sort of it's hard, it's hard to find a case. It's like both in the evening.
Uh huh. I wish to have actually had electric. My previous phone had an auto box and I've pretty much liked it because I was kept on dropping that thing
like but what I was disappointed was I wanted to actually get the wonderful stand. But they went officially and the one that has a like a book, like the book covered i that protects the screen, I could probably like flip it over so that and bend it so that it fits that.
Yeah it just but it wasn't designed for that, right?
Yeah. So it's well you gotta you gotta get what you get you get a pick one. That's the sad part. Like I
wanted
to spend more than the protecting the screen. Listen. Uh Yes. Well I have I have again extended how long we were we needed to watch
it on? But
what?
So this is my 5th 1. Okay. Yeah
I think I've learned I've learned from so a few people I've talked to some I've talked to us um a person who who is working a lot was working in Los Angeles. I want to talked to another person about like keeping keeping yourself healthy. It's like subject just it's all it's all random all over the place. Um
it
is I think for it's always best selection. Just learned something. Yeah it
makes it easier when you have like you you start somewhere and we found like that it's a subject that you start with like oh it's a pretty much it's a pretty common interest, like we have something that matches it, just goal for.
frank,
my name is g uh
search for gill lane
Belgian technically.
Uh I'm going through the I'm us citizen now. I kind of wish that I didn't actually have to take the box of like give up my Belgian citizenship.
Uh What about you? What's your name and nationality?
I only lived in Belgium when I was young so I didn't actually have the chance of doing anything special beyond of like being there for elementary school. All right.
I do remember the I remember to locate uh around where I where I lived. Yeah
brussels
I think I'm model of might have gone to France like for a visit. That's that's basically about it. I can't I can't even tell if I if I did or not but I definitely went around brussels and around Belgium. Really? Oh it's a tiny country but like you got this a lot of stuff. I Yeah. Yeah there's like a remember like a shopping center that I'd like to actually go to uh
the school that I was go I've lived in an apartment building that was next to my school and then there was a comic book shop go to again
after its limits.
Yeah. Have I think I used to actually have at least maybe like 11 of them one of their, one of the books,
there was another one, um, I think it was sort of, which was about a
pre it was about a priest who vigilante priest. Yeah. Uh, soft, soft crime solve mysteries.
Yeah. Yeah. There's
a, there's a lot of stuff I never haven't actually, basically, once I got into America, haven't really left the country. All
Yeah. And I just want like, should be like old enough to buy my old enough or should have been in a position where like, okay, maybe I'll start traveling outside the country like financially and it's not
that is that is true.
Well, that's that's at this point that's where um, just being in flux, you drive around California is because, I mean, there's a, there's definitely enough, um, different last landscapes will actually see something different. Yeah, I've gone, I've gone through the desert. I,
I've gone to the, I guess the good desert where there's still plant life and then I've gone to the bad one where you're wondering like how in the world for a place that on average is like 100° I guess or at least 90. And they've built stuff which every, I don't know if it's like every 10 to 15 miles is an exit to go to a city. Yeah. If you look
up,
if you look at the area like the Salton Sea, that's basically like what I'm actually talking about. Like when I went there for my brother who was trying to do a filming friend, film something Just, it was just 100°.
But you, part of what I didn't realize it didn't take into account was like needed, your vehicle needs to actually be ready for that. Yeah.
I did not do good maintenance on that. Things went bad for things
like that for me when I was done with going in that area.
Yeah, it was, it was it. I thought I had this leg looked up at like the coolant then things would have actually like, okay, I need every time that I get back from that from that area, police
work.
Yeah. Well that's so it's kind of like, uh, alert. So you learn that you should be taking care of your vehicle and that there is an area in California where they try to build stuff. But like in the, things like it was in the 70s, like most of that area is just under developed. It looks like a desert, but things are just old people still live there.
okay. The best you'll find like fast food restaurants basically to check out point to check out for food or at small stores for like I'm essentials. You're you're not going to find a supermarket, definitely.
Of
if you wanted to do a recreational business like ATVs. Dune buggies. Yes.
Yeah, that's why there's definitely
I did not see a walmart. I think you would see a walmart, you probably CIA Starbuck everywhere ever. Like wal mart. No, I didn't see one there and Starbucks, I don't remember everything that but fast food restaurants, Like I saw like one or 2 and but planning and the gas stations like a few. So it's not really like if you wanted to live in that area, you really got to be wanting to live in that area.
And basically have fun. I think I there's a lot of like again a T. V. S. And D. Buggies, um off road vehicles, So a few of that trucks so people who like to camp
that's basically it. Great, great place. You've got to hydrate yourself. Yeah.
that's that's bad desert. Good. That would
be the one where It does a lot of you still see a lot of plant life, but every like 30 like like like 30 miles you you go to the you either go to the next city or there's like something new. An intersection of like splitting highway. Yeah it gets I like to I like to drive. I like because you know it's something to do.
when you go into the, when you drive in the desert, you got nothing. You got no like you're
right. It's usually fun. I've I've tend to pass by casinos and see on the horizon. You just see like this giant bright leg thing that as spotlights I says I am here.
Yeah. So yes, as I have more questions, do you have? I don't know, maybe it was just new york city yet you have to pay to actually go into the city and out. Okay.
Well
yeah, I don't see it like this new york city just basically just a bunch of buildings. I the I don't like big cities because everybody is trying to actually build stuff that we've been going to that one spot of like okay, the city is great, but you can't go into it, you can't or
now.
I don't know Los Angeles like uh
huh. Business, Yes, Okay, I'll go, I got a business, but if you tell me like you want to live in Los Angeles, like can I just live outside, Can
I don't mind driving in an hour into the city because it's definitely going to be cheaper than living in the center or even close to. It's like I'm fine with the drive, but go living in there. Like I think here when the only ones who who stayed living in Los Angeles are the ones who are young, they leave you have to to be there. And I guess the ones who have actually made it to the point where they can sustain living there. It's like you ever
Well,
we just
fucking
So
to me it's the title of the monikers and I lived in Los Angeles.
Uh If it wasn't if it wasn't for the for the vehicles and the fight for parking one makes your mind, you know, walking if you can buy, if you can buy or get stuff and you're able to just carry it with your own hands. That's great. Not the only the only the last problem with this baby furniture. Uh huh.
Or
Uh Welcome for
I
know
I don't have I don't have work this uh It's my it's my day off of work. I do I did have to actually do a workshop because it was it was something scheduled ahead of but I do have to go and meet my brother for for shopping I think. But
Right. I will I guess have a good day boy.
Well
yeah and if you ever wanted I guess if you ever get the opportunity to sign up against with this so just go ahead. You might actually
I think people are just willing to it's like you just talk. Yeah.
That's
good.
What
until you too