uh
going?
about
me?
Okay, perfect, Perfect, perfect. How have they been?
I'm in California, I'm in the Bay Area actually. How about yourself?
How is it, how is the weather out there?
Fire blazing heat. And then
all of a sudden we get hit with a, with a cold right now. Like it's really, it's really cold right now, but it's sunny, so it's a it's a trip, it's a trip going on. But yeah, so how's everything been? How's life? House all by the way? What's your name?
I'm tim pleasure to meet
you rick.
What brings you on here? On on prolific.
Oh wow. How did you find out about it?
Yes. I actually, I I started enter um in july when the pandemic hit and they locked down everything. So I was a photographer prior and um, and you know, you to do photography, you gotta get in person and and do work and basically a lot of, a lot of people weren't allowing that. So I was doing more outdoor stuff, outdoor shoots, but then it wasn't paying as much Also. Um I'm housing my at risk parents right now, me and my wife are, so it's kind of a jungle situation that I wanna, I don't want to put them at risk, you know what I mean? So I'm trying to
take my
street. Yeah, it's crazy. How about yourself? Um Well, got you on mturk and prolific. You don't mind me asking?
it's
yeah. No, no, no, that's true. Even even in Arkansas, I I imagine people are, they're still trying to work from home over there too. Oh
wow. Yeah, no California, it's it's a trip like, so I'm driving on the freeway right? And traffic here in the bay area like san Francisco, Bay Area is really deadlocked no matter where you go around between two PM and six PM. So I actually went out for a shoot two or three weeks ago and I was driving and I literally did not hit one ounce of traffic and I I traveled to my destination around 2 30 and I traveled back around 5 30. So I ended the shooting about two hours, 2.5 or three hours and there was no traffic and it just tripped me out. It was, it reminded me of my childhood, I guess you could say, you know, way back. It's crazy man, what the pandemic is doing, It's like it's changing the whole, it's changing the whole uh, you know, aspect of, of living anywhere in the world, you know, you're affected, it's insane. So um
yeah, it's it's everywhere. But I mean it's good that you were already into this like, like you so you did this prior to the pandemic, I'm assuming,
wow, that's a trip and you've been able to survive off of it.
I
got
you.
that
makes sense.
No.
bottle
of water or whatever yet.
Yeah. It's gonna be
I
met one.
wow. Yeah. No,
I hate like so on mturk I hate hits when you don't get approved. You know you're you're just like oh my God messes up my my my total hit rate like you're like oh no what's going on? So
yeah I do I use a I use a hit scraper and I use um um uh panda crazy, so I put that I use them in tandem and then I also use the, I forgot what, it's not a script that shows up right away, but it's the one that calculates your per hourly rate. So you can tell if you're doing like gigs that are, you know like worth it to your time or whatever, whatever you need to make. So I usually, Oh
yes I do, I do, I do.
wow, okay.
Hit finder because I was, I heard hit Forker was okay, but it's hit finder better.
Okay.
Okay. Got you, got you, got you,
that's a trip. Okay, that's cool. So it keeps a log of everything, like all your actions and and the hits that you took and things like that.
Yes I have. I have, I have people
for the other one, the Turkey, Turkey, Turkey Con or what is it? M Turkey Con or
I forget what it is. But
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Talk of
you.
sweet.
Whoa.
got you, got you, got you, got you, yeah, that's a lot more effective because I've been doing hits and I've been getting like a, like a like a hit returned every now and then, you know what I mean? I'm like how in the world is that happening? And I was looking at a lot of people are saying look at the person that you're working for and a lot of times it's the same person, I just keep doing the same hits from that person, but I do it because they're like $2 paying hits, you know what, it's gonna take like 2030 minutes, you know what I mean? So it's like I I keep going to that but then I keep getting rejected which is not good, you know? So yeah I gotta, I gotta,
I'm
trying
to write down all these things that you're giving me right now, this is kind of cool. Um
Yeah for sure. Do you have read it by chance or I could probably just
so I'm I'm young turk Y UNG tur K 82
and I'm always on the beer money chat room and things like that
you know I'm pretty sure I think Reddit is there for for for forever. Hold on. I need to get a note pad open. Oh my gosh it's been I've been talking to you. Haven't had my note pad open. I can't even open up my notes. Weird. Okay hold on. Here it is. Okay so um you mentioned. Okay.
my.
What?
Mturk crowd. Hold on. Second
Brown dot com. Okay
that's perfect. Hold on I'm gonna register. Really? Are you know I'll register after that way we don't waste time chatting. Um
for sure. For sure. So it's
me
exactly how it's built. I. I. T. S. M. E.
Okay I. T. Sme got you. Hold on. I. T. S.
And
okay. And this is on the crowd,
enter crowd. Yes enter. We're out. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. It's me at the crowd and then uh let me see. Okay, so there's that um what? I'm sorry, I have to go back because there was a lot of good information you are giving me.
What were
the three?
Well, so
you said,
it's uh it's rapper producer. W. R. A. P. P. E. R. Producer.
how it helps.
A P. P. E. R. Like a like a candy wrapper. Exactly
how it felt. Yeah.
Yeah. One word at
yahoo
at yahoo dot com. Yes.
for sure. For sure. For sure. Yeah. I probably am gonna forget. Everything. Will feel free to just like um if you could reiterate what you said in an email, that would be awesome. I'm trying to write it down too. But man, this is a lot of good info though, so besides like prolific and and answer. Have you tried anything else?
No
way.
Cool. Cool, cool. Hold on, let me check. Have you tried, have
you tried a user testing? How do you
like that?
mean
apparently
apparently I failed, I mean it didn't like I did the test but I didn't get like a confirmation that I did that I passed or whatever. I'm not sure it's kind of weird but um I heard you could keep taking the test there anyway.
Yeah, so no matter what um Yeah, no, there's just so many ways to do things on online, it's insane. I guess there's no excuse to not trying to do it, hold on a second. Okay let me see I'm just waiting for my email to refresh but yeah so okay so besides that, have you tried click worker?
Um The U. H. R. S. Right I was I was in the U. H. R. S. And so that's one of one of my main moneymakers right now but I use mturk it's kind of a backup. And mturk has been actually now it's weird. I don't know what's going on but I've been making more money on enter. Uh So I'm not sure exactly what that is. Hold on let me I'm gonna check spam really quick. What was your email address?
hold on a second wow this is weird. Or maybe my thing is just updated. I'm like 10,000 emails. I haven't even checked yet. It's a ton. Where is it? Okay hold on a second. Spam.
Yeah Let me check. Hopefully it's not um check spam, I'll check anything else, it's not in spam yet. Um Sometimes my email does this so it'll take like maybe five minutes for it to get their 10 minutes. One time my wife sent me an email and it took us like uh Maybe like six hours for it to appear. And I'm like what is going on here? Um On top of that more emails appeared. So I you know I'm like what's going on hold? I'm gonna refresh one time. Not yet, I'll wait for it, I'll keep it open. Um.
that is true.
Death.
No and
that's click
worker, click worker. You have to wait. Like I'm literally waiting on on work. I've done 33 weeks ago and I have you know there's a good like a couple 100 in that account and I'm just waiting for it to come out, you know what I mean? And I'm just like sitting here but it's good knowing that it's there at least it's just I think with click worker you don't know how much you actually do and then they pay you a certain amount, you know what I mean? That's the like with entrance you can see.
Yeah that's what I'm not liking that about it either. But on the same token I'm not I'm taking I guess it's the same thing with with mturk where you take a certain amount of hits or hits per what is it? It's for her task and so I'm I'm just getting the ones that are like 10 cents or higher but there's not that many on on click worker on you HRS so I go on there every so often. It's been it's been my main moneymaker besides um prolific and enter. But.
Exactly. Exactly.
so you're doing you're basically doing the hits continuously right? You're just continue to the next hit and then just.
Yeah. No and and especially if you're using scripts you're gonna catch those quicker than people probably aren't. Um I was just thinking too same thing happened to me uh with um with click worker. So once you get the click worker if you pass the U. H. R. S. Test that's what happens is you start getting those those long uh you know those hits that are really really uh consecutive. And they pay like but they pay like really low five cents 10 cents. But I found one recently that's 75 cents. And what you do is you compare 10 news articles, so 10 on this side, 10 on this side and then you pick five and then you you pick the ones that are actually actually relevant to current events and then you give your take on what it says. So the hit actually takes, I think about at least 10 minutes. So I don't know if it's worth it. I was trying to calculate, you know what I mean? So 10 minutes to find divided by what 60 minutes, 75 cents each. You're making like barely six, barely $5 you know what I mean? In the
long
run they always get you in some way, you know what I mean? Whereas like you said where you rate the 25 25 cents per one picture, you're like, man, you can make $25 in like an hour just
right? Yeah, literally like 400 pictures like Oh I like that picture, I don't like that picture um And They kind of have those hits and click work or two. But I feel like okay here put it like this, I feel like click worker gets you Consistently to about $5 or $6 an hour. Whereas enter it can vary from $2 an hour to about like $10 an hour, you know what I mean? Yeah so um there was this one hit I got on click worker which was a trip, it was just like we're doing right now. I'm prolific so I don't know if you got the same one but it was $15 and you basically get a card to talk about and um basically you talk about that card with the person you're talking to so you know it would say oh what's your favorite place to be in the world? And then, so me and the lady we're talking about? Oh she wanted to be, she was from austin texas and she wanted to be in uh in Los Angeles because that's where her family is from. And um I was talking about, I actually want to be, I didn't even know, I don't remember what I said, I remember going to Maui Back in 2012 for my honeymoon with my wife. And uh we were talking about, I was talking to her about I want to be in Maui, you know, shit like that, I'm sorry, excuse my language, but you
know, just simple, simple stuff like that. But in your case, like what's the most interesting hits that you've done or like situations that you've been in doing the online tasking things?
It's the best thing, man, it's
the best thing, Like how do you, you know what I mean? Like I take here all day and get paid if we got paid this $17 for 25 minutes every time, you know what I mean? It's so cool.
Start
man, I got
dollar
50.
How
many times, how many times have you did this so far?
so I'm the first time you're first chat. Okay, you're my last chat
because you can only do six. Apparently that's what it says,
I did six already. It's pretty dude, you're going to meet so many cool people like you'll see. I met I met a college student, I met a chef. My very first one was a chef from Chicago. Um I met a lady who wanted to be a nun from, she's from Arkansas actually, she's from Arkansas, but the lady, you want to be a nun, I met a at home mother who was a therapist, that's four. I met a, who's the last person I met? It was, it was a lady who works in tech and she's from North Dakota and she was talking about the pandemic, how it's hit over there and I was like, wow, that's crazy. And then um, and then you, you're my six person,
yeah, you can do it again. So make sure after this chat they're gonna ask you at the end of it, they're gonna say, hey, if you wanna continue, I'm pretty sure you're going to get at least four or for me, I was able to do it a second round. They invited me back and so um I did four and then uh they invited me back to to do two more. So you're my you're my last one which is kind of sad but a man like I'm glad to be the first and it's literally you're my last one and it's it's kind of fun. You're gonna have a lot of fun with this.
You said survey comment? Okay I'm going to write
that
So you even get bonuses
comment?
Yeah. How do you um I know I don't have any masters or anything like that. I
have
Yeah. Yeah that's what I read on on on Reddit anyway to they said it's overrated because you only get masters for like one hit anyway is what it is. But so how do you how do you do that on emptor colon? So the
specific qualification?
I got
you
I've never done that yet
That's
crazy.
So I, okay so I'm in qualifications but it says okay just as hit approval rate. It's a mission rate. Um E. X. C. Something Number of value 100 um likes hip hop and rap likes country. What previously participated? Okay so um wow wow there's a whole bunch of information here. Okay so I have to check. Okay you said look
for
it.
well I find out in the hits. Okay.
Got you.
okay I got
you
I got you I got you I just got your email I will email you back. Well it's me got the test
the
For sure For sure For sure. That sounds like,
so that really yeah. Yeah no that's
that's
good.
I do
I
do I do I do. So I mean I'm thinking I'm already pondering I'm gonna be looking at that one. You get you let me know him. What is it? Hit finder,
that's
kind of
crazy.
I got you. Okay, so
it's
basically
Got you got you got you and that's
better.
I think that's the one I use hit tracker but it looks seamless with the with the with the amazon mturk um site right where it's not an add on or anything?
That's right, that's right, that's right. For sure. I'm going to check that all out. That's really cool. It's funny because I wanted to talk to you about other things but we ended up talking about in Turkey and things like that, which is cool. Like
I was thinking man, I wanted to get into coding when this whole pandemic started.
I got you, I got
you I got,
Are the hits or the hits taken like that? Like they're just taking their swept up once it once it appears. Mhm.
Got
you,
I'm panda crazy. That's insane. Yeah.
Because
no,
I got
to check that out,
That's
crazy.
that's
what's
up.
No,
I've been
thinking
about
that.
Yeah, because this um so I'm because Reddit, I was reading these articles and I was just like man, this lady, she actually paid off her mortgage doing enter, like that's it's insane like how in the world, like so she was making about and she's a lot of people say this is insane to do it, but she was making at least $1800 a month doing entered, but all times a day and she she sacrificed her her health doing it apparently, that's what people were saying because her sleep patterns were just so awful, you know? But Yeah, she was making at least $1,800 a month doing it consistently. But some people were saying you can make more nowadays and some people were saying that's not even possible. So I don't know. In your in your experience um
what
do
you say to that,
Okay so I'm looking at this all wrong. Yeah man I'm gonna have to uh I'm gonna have to we're gonna have to email you back and forth. This is uh this is interesting um is there anything you want to talk to me about specifically? If you have any?
I will
I will I will
I'm
probably going to use the same the same as my read it name. The young Turk 82.
Yeah. Yeah it's Y UNG smelt off. It's not even young. Why UNG T. U. RK 82? And
this
was
before,
yeah this was it's funny because this was before I started Turkey. So I don't know if you ever listen to the young Turks T. Y. T.
Yeah so they're they're like a youtube they think they touch on conservative and liberal stuff but it's a very political satire Youtube talk show so they talk a lot of shit about stuff. But I mean I liked one of their episode. I'm not really too much of a fan of them but I liked one of the episodes but I like to name a lot so I ended up using that name turk and then I found out about mturk and I'm like wow that's cool like I'm a Turk like and my name is a Turkey at it. So I was that before I actually started using inter and things like
that.
You have
to catch
the
ball.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure. To the penny right you have to count the bonuses and everything
plus
I
left.
same with
me.
man
that is really cool. You're like giving you're giving me a lot of hope about enter because I was thinking man how am I going to keep up with everything because I've been able to keep up with everything just doing odd jobs here and there with my bills and all that stuff. But I'm like wow enter can really do it for me. I'm not even apparently I didn't qualify for unemployment which is insane. I met the criteria so I reapplied and they're taking forever to get back to me. Apparently California's unemployment stuff is just insane. But you know what I don't need unemployment I'm just like I can do it myself you know what I mean? So.
Yeah exactly so mturk is doing some amazing things for me so I'm just you know I mean I'm probably gonna email you a ton. I hope you don't get annoyed.
for sure for sure.
I
totally
understand
that
I told
him
I got you. Yeah no
I have it right now I'm about to do that once we get off. But man that's crazy. Is there anything else? Earth
got
you?
I
got you I got you I
got you. No
is
there is there anything you want to chat about California anything or I think we're past our time but totally it's totally up to you if you want to chat I like I can ask you about Arkansas. I would but I don't want to take up too much more of your time.
For
For sure for sure I'll sign up on it right now.
Pleasure, so Richard. Richard, Wright. I'm yes. Richard,
for sure. On tip.
just in case you forget. But I'll email you. Thank you. It's a pleasure. Hope you're next. Chat goes good, too.