thanks.
Going okay, can you hear me? All right? I
think
I hear you just fine.
It's been okay. Where are you at?
I'm in Arkansas.
Um, it's okay. A little randy today. Nothing like with you. Nothing like what you guys have been having?
What?
my name is Rick. What's your name?
Hey
man, nice to meet you too.
Oh, I've been on prolific for a few years.
Um, I do work on Mturk, have you heard of that?
All
know.
Oh, I got sick a few years ago and I couldn't stand on my feet all day. So I tried to find something I could do
working at home and between Mturk and prolific and a few others have paid the bills and I was able to get off my feet and now it seems like with the virus, Everybody's trying to work from home,
So
Yeah, I see the numbers are going up in quite a few other countries also.
Oh, I've been doing it for years.
Oh yeah, but see I'm in a different position. My home is paid for, it's
been
paid
for my car, paid for all the furniture's pay, everything is paid for. So all I have is electric bill, food, telephone, internet, stuff like that, you know, so so I don't need a whole lot of money
and
yeah and I make just enough where well I make a little bit extra, you know, but I'm making everything so and
you know if I had a choice of going out wearing a tie or sitting here in my pajamas, okay drinking a cup of coffee that I got here,
you know, or smoking
and if I want, you know, I don't have to ask anybody.
I can sit here and do it now. Like today on mturk I got paid $3.50
to watch
to watch a comedian talk about his, his colon problems that he was having. So for 10 minutes I sat there laughing. Made 3.50. Then I came out and I put the video on out the living room for my wife and my kids so they could check it out. And they said yeah, for laughing. I said yeah, yeah sure did. And I got it was approved right away. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well do you use any script files?
You want, you want some advice?
Hit scraper. Uh, that allows people to actually get into your computer. The guy who wrote it? Never updated it. Okay.
So you might want to change um, to hit finder.
Yeah. Hit Forker is just like the scraper exactly
like the scraper. Um, Only it gives you a log of the hits that showed off.
If you use hit finder it gives you all the hits that are that show up and it keeps you a log since you were logged on of everything that happened. Like if I go to mind now, I'll see everything that happened from six this morning.
Yeah, but it's part of I think our guy Carducci, I'm on a forum called mm mturk crowd. Okay. Have you heard
could
term
in Afrikaans? You're
about the time. Yes, but we use Turk view it.
Turk
view is better than took off the calm. But anyway, getting back to this our guy could do. She wrote a program called Mturk suite again
in person. The hit finder. The hit catcher. Okay. It was just like Panda crazy. And it has
it has hit tracker. So it does, it keeps a log of all your hits that you've ever done. And you can go and and say if I worked for this guy before and you can do a search and it will look through the log and let you know whether you did it or return it or whatever.
all
that
up.
Well, we got an email address or do you want to sign up at my forum board and I can pmU there?
I got ready to I'm not always
correct.
Yeah. I'm on bare money for him to unless I deleted my account.
Here's what
I want you to do. Okay. I want you to sign
up at Mturk crowd. It's one word dot com. Right?
Yeah. Yeah. It's free and turk crowd.
Yeah. And when when you signed up there of you'll have to pick a user name or you can search for me. Mine is called. It's me. It's me.
Yeah. And then I'll help I'll send you all the links you need to know right
we
know.
No its I. T. S. M. E.
You're being
used
and the crowd
and will slow
down
slow
down.
What's your email address? I'm gonna write it down
all the time.
one more time. What was the WR
rapper
producer? One word
robert
Burton.
Yeah and that way we get lost on and send it to you or just hanging and I'll send a test email. Uh huh.
Oh yeah I've tried almost everyone that's out there.
I just sent
I just sent you a test email.
It's
actually
they pay pretty good you get like 10 $15 for 10 minutes worth of work. That's what
you
get in.
Yeah you can.
Yeah that's and didn't work out for me.
It's to ours. Richard. It'll show up our, our richard. Yeah,
it's called test. So maybe that's why I went to your spam folder.
Yeah. What, what I've tried to do is only find sites that, That you get paid on without any bullshit where you've got to wait 30 days and all this stuff. So prolific. I got instant payment with prolific cash out and instantly it goes to my paypal.
I'm set up with them trying to get paid every three days on my mint vine account. That's instant. So I try to do the Celtics instant
where I don't have to wait.
What
do
that's what I didn't like about him at all.
Yeah. The best thing on in Turkey is not to try to look for a job that pays $2. Try to find back work. Oh
yeah. We, we used to do something for, uh, it was called the request was called mountain and he would put a picture up and all you do is rape the picture and you got a quarter with one click And you know you could make 25 hours an hour on the mountains when they were out. You know
That's right. Yeah you can, you can play up to 25 hits so you just sit there and grab 25 that for the next guy eats them up because the people have been around for a while like me know what? You could go ones we're going to eat them up so you have to be on right away.
I
know
Ukraine,
that's it.
Well I don't know this isn't the first one of these I've done for prolific. The last one I did was really me because the fellow was from Ireland so I got to ask him all kinds of stuff about our one but you know I would have never known about and he was asking me stuff about the U. S. And then all of a sudden we got talking about Brexit you know. Yeah but you know that's pretty neat. You get to talk to people all over the world and get paid for it. You know you are actually getting paid to sit here and talk about how to make money on enter
already.
this morning, this morning I got up at my coffin here and made $10 on enter and then
left. That was it. And I said I'll come back later and do the 1750 jobs for prolific. You know and this is the third time I've tried to do this the last two times nobody showed up. So they keep sending me a dollar 50 bonus. Well
It was
more very
screwed up. So I'm thinking I'll just come in, make another dollar 50 for nothing. You
know
This is the third time now before I got to you. And they came.
I'm
I'm really
All through prolific. You can do it again.
There you go. And you were asking what jobs uh that I liked or whatever. I got a kick out of on enter survey comic Every year they come out with $16 jobs if you qualify for them and they last five or six months.
And
what happens with the survey Comet? Their prediction jobs where you'll predict news headlines across the uh across what's happening in the world and and um every week and get another one and it takes you like They want to stay on at 90 minutes. So you stay there 90 minutes. And every week you get $16 and at the end they reach you on your predictions. And if you come within the top 50 or something, you get $75 gift cards and all kinds of stuff. So.
Oh yeah. So you want to try to get qualifications for survey comments? You know how
to look for your, for your qualifications on mturk
when
they were dry masters aren't any good.
You
just do a search for survey comet and then there's any qualifications that are open at the time. Just click on it. But um Amazon has like 10 or 15. I forget what it is. Basic qualifications they want to know. Um Shit I forget what they want to know. It's 10 different things like about
your
house, about your job, about this and about that. Their general questions
you're going to have to you miss that
will
haunt your job.
You
have
to do a search for survey comment and that's how to run the qualification. It will show up.
Every now and then when it comes up my site I sent you to enter crowd. We have a body that posts all the calls
that come up and
it
will say take wall and you can click on it. And whenever a new qual comes up our body puts it up there so you don't have to search for him.
There you go.
When we get off here um sign up that enter crowd or whatever. Or I can just yeah sign up on it. And then I. P. M. Of the stuff and we're very helpful. Everybody there that's been there for a while. I got just got your email will help you just ask a question. Yeah.
And the good thing is if there's a bogus requester where you're wasting your time, we have no problem saying, hey you're just wasting your time with this guy. Yeah.
And
we
we post our heads up there, you can click on it, we put penetrate, we put Panda crazy links with them. If you use panic crazy, just click
them.
What?
I'll send it to you. It's a suite of of its academy uh script files, Carducci route. Let me look
on
it.
Finder looks just like um your hit scraper you're used to.
It's
not
down the bottom but down the bottom of it just shows you all the hits that were logged. Okay.
they don't
know life. And there's hit catcher, which if you if you want to try to catch the hit, you just click on the head catcher button it will sit there and try to get it for you. And then there's hit tracker which shows you all the hits that you've ever done. Once. You sync it.
No, these are separate script files running in a separate place.
our guy could do. She also wrote another program that I was using. He wanted $10 a month which was actually worth it. Um Right, I can't remember what was. Let me look and see if I can find it here. I still got you. Uh
Yeah, I can't remember the name Akatsuki separate program but it runs in a separate window. Uh,
it's not
a script file or anything. I mean it didn't tie anything up. And then uh, it had a request a favorite requesters button. Like it, like I told you look for survey comment, you just have it always look for survey comment in the background. And then when survey comment post it will let you know, hey this guy is up here. I think it's great to
no, no the favorite thing. Just let you know when your guys up there
panda.
Crazy though. I can teach on pan crazy how to search and pull up any hit that your Crestor puts up as soon as input as soon as he puts it up there. Yeah,
no
you can do it.
I
don't
have a crazy anymore. I just use the because I used to have two computers running well I had 31 on each side of me. I had I had hit for grand panic crazy running on the side and then had hit scraper uh over on this side and then I had them touch sweet right here in the middle and right
now I'm talking
to you from a quick screen. I can
I'm
looking
at all right now like Kelly right, just put a $3 hit up,
you know,
and
I
want
to get a boost, click on it.
And
my
experience,
I can make 300 a week without killing myself. Yeah,
No we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes, so let's give it an extra two or three minutes so there's no problem. And then go to that site and sign up and I'll be on the site looking for you and
what
what name are you going to use on an
Interpol?
I'll write that down.
guess
you
were
born
now. I haven't
you
know, I? M turk you know used to just pay us, but now last year I got a a tax form. Yeah, they pay you like uh like if you go and use your debit card somewhere and there's a three cent feed that the retailer piece. That paves. That's how they figure it up. They sent me to this thing that said I had so much, my wife had so much so uh huh. But I never cheated on taxes anyway. You know, I can't perfect and everything. I count the bonuses and and uh I
don't
want to
aggregate
in any trouble with it, you know,
But
then
I
did my home office. I'm here in an office. Well seriously
the
coffee from my office, the toilet paper for the bathroom. I mean it's it's pretty good deal, you
know.
There you go.
I won't get annoyed. We help people out all the time because people helped me out when I started. You know,
That's
what
we do.
We help
people out. And
the Foreign
Health Center two is one of the bigger ones, the anther crowd.
But
turk has a forum site called Turpin Nation. And
they
and they're pretty good too. But just stick with them. Took crowd for a while because chris turk. He's one of our members also. You
know,
when
you
don't,
it doesn't matter. You can always pm me on or email me or whatever. So
I'm gonna put off and finish this survey and pour a cup of coffee and then I'll meet you on the entire crowd site.
Okay? I'm gonna let you go. Real nice target and I'm talking a little bit. Okay.
Thank you, tim. Why?
All right.
All right. Thank you. Bye.