Hello.
my name is Jesse.
I'm sorry.
Aaliyah, Well, that's a pretty name.
Mhm. Um All right.
No, they really didn't. Um
What do you like to do?
I haven't
Are you in college? Yeah. Oh, nice.
I'm 42. Yeah,
I'm
trying
to yeah, I'm uh pretty much a stay at home mom. Although my kids are in their twenties now. Yeah, I
was trying to figure out what the point of this was, you know, like who they're going to try and connect us with and all that, so
No, mm Do you have any pets?
I have a dog and my daughter has a cat, he'll probably wander up here eventually. No. What are you studying in college?
Uh huh. So uh like office management or hospitality or
Oh wow, I was awful at math, but I did enjoy it.
I did I was a history major, yeah,
I didn't do too much with it. I did uh work at a school for special needs kids for a while, but yeah, I got hurt and had to come home, so uh
mm and
I drove a school bus for a little while. That was a lot of fun.
yeah, I like to drive, so it worked out well. What kind of music do you like?
pretty much the same. Yeah, you're
still listening to? Uh,
I used to listen to a lot of classic
rock and alternative rock, but lately, yeah, it's definitely more pop music. If, if it's on Tiktok, I probably listen to it.
Ah uh my kids got me into it. Oh,
I really like harry styles lately. He just, yeah, he's got that kool Aid bag stuff going on. I didn't much care for him when he was in the boy band, but you know, well,
uh huh Um just black, pink. Uh
a little bit of K. Pop yet. The more popular bands. I wouldn't know any of the,
you know that haven't cracked America or anything so. Yeah wow,
what kind of T. V. Shows do you like?
What do you watch?
Okay. Yeah, I've seen that on netflix. Uh I haven't seen it but I've seen I think it comes up on my list pretty often. The last thing I watched was Dragon's Dogma I think wow it's
netflix. It's seven episodes and each of them are after one of the seven deadly sins like gluttony, which is weird because there is an enemy called the seven deadly sins, but it's not that one. So no. Uh huh.
Mm.
All right. Yeah. And ah looking forward to watching the new season of the haunting of hill house, the play manner on.
mm.
To work.
No focused on college.
Are you still living at home? Are you in a dorm or?
you have brothers and sisters?
Oh, I'm pretty much the oldest. I've got a younger brother and a younger half sister and a younger half brother. So um
one, yeah. Mhm. Oh, it's the last movie you watched? Yeah,
Oh, I haven't heard of that one.
you get in the mood for a specific genre, you just kind of want to stay with it. So, um, most of my friends, they're really into animate, that's kind of how I got into it, but I'm not really, yeah, I enjoy watching it, but you know, it's, I don't know it like other people were truly into it now, is it? So
I spent a lot of time on the computer. Uh, I'd like to play video games. Um mm Overwatch, World of Warcraft. A lot of Blizzard games. I've played Fortnite. Borderlands is a lot of fun stuff like that.
Yeah, I'm not very good at that at it either. So mm Prentiss. We're
going
to
talk for 25
minutes,
not too bad. How's yours?
are you done with classes for the deck?
Yeah. Are you um doing classes through online because of the curve is going on?
Oh very cool. I took german. So
yeah, I'd love to second asian language. What? And when I took a religions courses, the eastern religions were my favorite to learn about. No. Mhm. Was some other like
it's about
the
failure. It's not too cold. It's starting to fill up though. No. Oh yeah,
I'm in Ohio, that's perfectly fine.
So
mm I've been to Niagara and that's the farthest students in new york. I've been, wow, it was 11, so it was a long time ago.
Yeah, I've been to California. Um Okay, the further south of the country have been, is the Bahamas, So
wow. Do you like to travel?
No.
Are
Yeah. Mhm. Or is there any place you want to travel to
Japan? Yeah.
Oh yeah, absolutely. Uh there's what's it called? Tom ago? Yaki, is that the
now I thought it
was
the,
it's
like the role to omelet thing.
Yeah that uh that sounds delicious so it really wouldn't try that.
Yeah. Yeah they're candy selection I hear is massive and they've got like makeup and stuff in 7 11 and all that. Yeah, a lot of fun. And um does new york have seven elevens?
Yeah, pretty much same here. Uh ours went away years ago, it was kinda like Dunkin donuts, it just all disappeared, it's slowly coming back so it's like wow, that's interesting. Mhm mm. Are you seeing anyone? No too busy with college?
I'm the consummate mom. So who are you seeing here? Uh My kids are my son's 23 he's up in his room playing video games right now and my daughter is 21 she just left for work a few minutes ago. She works at a pizza parlor.
Yeah they do,
it is
yeah, I enjoy having them around but I am also looking forward to them, you know being independent and getting out.
wow.
The
is it just your mom or?
No, mm
So what do you think with what's going on with? I tend not to try to talk politics with people but Oh,
me too. And I like Pete buddha buddha buddha,
judge
for
god's sakes that man's name. But yeah, I was a Bernie supporter too, you know, and I still have a lot of students learned it and I would like to see that gone. So yeah,
when,
where I went to write state, it's a university outside of Dayton. Ohio Well I guess it's kind of inside. Don't know why. And Sinclair community College. Well, are you going to college at?
Okay. I actually heard of that I believe. Uh huh Uh huh
What's your favorite class?
Hey, there you go. Yeah.
Do you have a big group of friends you go out with?
Yeah. To my daughter's best friend, she's going to college in texas and my daughter is going to go visit her in december. I think maybe
if you know some of the travel restrictions are lifted? Uh huh. Yeah, wow. Um Uh huh Where do you want to live after you graduate? Right,
all right, going
back to Japan, wow.
understandable.
Okay, uh do you want to have kids?
Mhm. What kind of pet would you want?
well they have some, they say they're hypoallergenic because I guess their hair doesn't shed as much or their dander doesn't get around it. Um
mm My daughter, she doesn't want kids and I'm perfectly fine with that my mom, however, she's like, but I went great grandkids and like, oh you don't need them? Uh huh mhm
uh well I'm using a gaming laptop because I like to sit in the living room, my study right now, the roof has a leak in it, so I got to get that fixed before I go back up to that, but um it's a Acer predator.
It's it gets the job done. Yeah
uh couple of my gaming buddies, they're Canadian and it's their thanksgiving this weekend so they're kind of yeah, they're gone. Huh? Lonely. So wow. What's your favorite food?
You don't
know?
No, it's ok. You don't have to have a favorite bird. What do you like to eat?
Okay. Uh do you cook some? Very cool.
Yeah, I love to cook. Um I just made a cabbage soup last night. That so good. Um My son, he could live on ramen. Uh
Yeah, mm like this Robin, I like some ramen. I just really have to be in the mood for it. Um My favorite food is probably salad because you can do whatever with it, you can throw chicken on it or steak or just have salad or so
Got the black eyed peas playing right now. The black eyed peas are playing right now. I have music on. Yeah.
Mhm.
Um And really enjoying the Boys right now. I haven't
seen,
I haven't seen season two yet because I've been waiting for
it to finish
up
so I could binge it. But google is trying its best to ruin it for me because they keep talking about some major person who died in this. Oh I'm sorry, I'm not ruining anything, am I?
now this has been a couple weeks ago. I guess it happened just a few episodes in at least. That's the way google is making it sound like, but they said that um the guy who heads the show regrets killing this character off and I'm like mm Yeah so
okay um let's see, what else do I watch? Um I just finished up Umbrella Academy. Um
Yeah, I really like that one. Uh well like a lot of sci fi, I think it's called up upload on amazon, it's like after this guy dies his subconscious is uploaded into a retirement community and that's
really interesting, there was a lot of fun um just things like that. What about you? What else do you like to watch?
That's fine.
Oh
Running Man, mm
okay. Uh huh There was an old movie called Running Man um but gosh try and think it's just the one where they took people who had been condemned to prison and put them into a game where it was like a fight to the death. Yeah, so when you start writing me and I'm like uh huh Oh, Black Mirror, do you watch anything there? Yeah,
okay. Yeah, Running Man would fit into that situation rule. So,
but a korean game show called Running Man, we'll definitely check that out.
Right,
Mm. Oh and I think one of my um well they call it kind of like a guilty pleasure is um the great british bake off.
yeah, they have it on netflix now, but they make cakes and cookies and it's a competition and all their competing for is like this cake plates and the ability to say that they want it and it's just so relaxed and laid back and they're so pleasant with each other. It's not like
reality
competitions here, you know where they can't really cut through and screaming each other and stuff so that one's really nice to just chill and relax too. Mhm. Have you gone to any protests? No? Mhm.
Yeah, I went to two down and date and when things first started getting after George Floyd. This murder is uh uh Uh huh. Watching those debates.
No. Yeah. So okay. You said you like the superhero tv shows? Did you watch the superhero movies? Like the Avengers and things like that? Okay. Here's your favorite superhero
I kind of want to say just from marvel because do you see is boring? Uh Sorry?
Your favorite superhero in general?
Nightwing. Okay. That sounds familiar.
Mhm.
Do you
um I'm a Deadpool girl. I love that sarcasm and Yeah. Right. Uh
Gambit and the X Men. I really
liked him a lot. He was had the cards um from
Louisiana.
I like Wonder Woman, so that's
not too bad for. Mhm. I don't like captain marvel shit.
Yeah, she's like like an anime, you know how someone gets so Opie and now they're bored, yep. It's like okay oh like the whole fan of snap thing, why didn't they just call her in and have her fly him off and ditch him somewhere? I mean they pretty much insinuated she could so why didn't they just do that? She was busy apparently. No it's um I don't like superman because he is boring as all get out,
although I love Henry cavill. Yeah.
I have,
yep, yep. Uh really good they were talking about, have you seen the World of Warcraft movie by chance?
Yeah it didn't do too well here unfortunately, but it was really good. I am a little biased but they were talking about maybe getting Henry cavill to come in for the second World of Warcraft movie to play a character from that, I would still be down for that. I think you do an excellent job. Uh huh wow!
I actually think the last movie I watched uh Enola Holmes on netflix.
Yeah Henry cavil was in that one too, it wasn't like a big role in, it was mainly focused on the girl who played 11 and Stranger Things so yeah it was cute and it was about 30 minutes too long. Oh
yeah you're probably busy with college and your friends and stuff.
besides her watch movies if I can get them online, I do not like 12 theaters at all even before the whole covid thing, I don't like anything about it.
Yeah. Uh huh. I think the last movie I saw in theaters was
the first Star Wars from this, what was that one called? The the
Yeah that may be it where they introduced ray?
Yeah, I think that was the last movie I saw in theaters, it would have been a while ago.
Okay. Nice. Which one?
Homecoming?
Okay. Or or they're in London? Okay. It was a very good one. I like Tom Holland, the Spider man not have expanded Tobey Maguire, so
yeah, and I can't remember who was in between.
Yeah, that's right. It's just
we
yeah, you did a good job, but I really like Tom Holland. Oh, there is a movie on netflix with Tom Holland um
Oh gosh, it's like,
uh the the guy who played it, uh, when the scars guard brothers, uh, he's in it. Um Dead Leaders, li isn't it? He's turning out to be an incredibly good actor. Uh yeah, I highly recommend that movie. It's something you see the preview and you're like, oh, religion and backwards parts of the country. Yeah, I'll get right on that and how it was actually really good. Yeah.
And the majority of the cast is anything but american, So seven. Okay.
Yeah. Uh, the scars, card kids Swedish. Um, wait, is this Sweden, wow. Yeah. Oh, hey, it's 4 30 I think we about got it.
Thanks. So, um, okay. Do you see on the page where we click here to get here? If you click on the arrow to go to the next one that takes you to the after survey where
we fill out. Yeah, things
like, yeah. So
it was nice meeting you.
Good luck in college by