SPEAKER_L: Alexa turn down Yeah Okay thank you. Oh oh Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah Okay. One what what? Oh yeah didn't say. Mhm. Okay. What? Right yeah come on. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah Yeah come on. Yeah. Oh okay okay. Yeah the other people. Oh yeah okay. Yeah. Oh yeah woman's in love. All right come on. That would be I don't want what? Yeah I like often I'm mhm. Yeah. Oh come on. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Cool thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh I mhm. Yeah. All right. Oh. Uh huh. Oh Oh right okay. Yeah. Mhm. Hi how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm great.
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm glad that my audio is working. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you fine. Can you hear me fine?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I can hear you okay, perfect.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Uh my name is nailah,
SPEAKER_L: My name is Don and Nice to meet you. I'm 53. Um So I'm kind of yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's great. I'm
SPEAKER_L: that's great. Right?
SPEAKER_R: 22.
SPEAKER_L: 22, nice to meet you and I get the millennial. Huh? This is different.
SPEAKER_R: It is very different. There wasn't a, there wasn't a conversation, there wasn't a topic that we had to talk about it
SPEAKER_L: No, it was said to talk about anything. Just get to know one another and that
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: least
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: 25 minutes. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Like I like to set timer for 26 minutes. She'll tell us, he said to make
SPEAKER_R: First,
SPEAKER_L: sure you do it a minute over or so to make sure you get enough.
SPEAKER_R: who is that? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Because if we do it under it doesn't, we don't get credit so that wouldn't be nice.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've done this study before, but the previous person ever showed up, I'm actually surprised that there's
SPEAKER_L: Somebody.
SPEAKER_R: another person. Yeah, very surprised. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I was wondering, I was like okay so it's had to wait five minutes and then do it. Yeah. So are you a college student? Are you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was a college student um but then I took, I took a break just to take care of family and I'm going back to school hopefully this year, although with, with Covid it's a little, it's a little difficult.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's the truth. Everything is kind of up in the air. I went to college at the University of Louisiana Monroe down treat Portland Well, close to the report more and I now live here in Boise Idaho mhm
SPEAKER_R: Oh, Idaho, that's, that's quite a ways away. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: was quite a move but I've been here since 93 so probably older than you.
SPEAKER_R: 93. Just a little bit. Do you have family in Idaho?
SPEAKER_L: Well I have, yeah, I have quite a few extended members. My mom and dad died, my dad died when he was 45. My mom died when she was 50 for my brother, he still lives in Dallas where I'm kinda was raised and he's a chiropractor down there, so He's a semi pro football arena player, he's still, even at his age, he's 50 years old and kicking filgoal Mhm. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: you, two siblings?
SPEAKER_R: I do have, I have a few, I only have half siblings, I have uh 3/2 sisters And then 2/2 brothers. I'm in New York City, brother.
SPEAKER_L: How are you? Oh that's such a big area, is that where your family lives to or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh My mother, my my family, they're from the caribbean islands um and then they did the move so from Puerto rico Dominican republic and then and now they're in new york city, although when
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: great, yes, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: Are you actually in the big city part or you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: am Manhattan, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: isn't that expensive?
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's really expensive, although um thankfully my mother is able to get um like financial aid I guess. Um for for housing, it is really expensive, I think maybe a few blocks by Hudson River Um months later and can be $4,000 5000 a month
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, I only
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: make about 7500 years, so I couldn't
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: even think of that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: a chunk of change. That's okay. I do my ultimate goal, It's a weird dream, but I've always wanted to become a housekeeper for like a rich family and just
SPEAKER_L: You're right.
SPEAKER_R: how how life is um Yeah that's you know
SPEAKER_L: You want to be a kind of an anti too or just just the house?
SPEAKER_R: oh no, nanny, although
SPEAKER_L: No name?
SPEAKER_R: if I'm taking care of animals that's that's that's that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You have any pets with yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do. I actually have a guinea pig, would you like to see mr Charles? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I hope Charles. Mr Charles.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here is it, he's like
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: anything.
SPEAKER_L: can work? That's cute. Guinea pig. How long have you had him?
SPEAKER_R: Uh My sister actually bought him uh maybe three years ago, I think they're supposed to live for five or six years, so he's getting a little old, he did have to but he did have two brothers but it was just too much work and we got rid of them. Any parts.
SPEAKER_L: I have a dog, that was my uh I lived with my aunt for a while migrating, you kind of took me in when I was 15 and she was my mom, so she took care of me. Well, she just passed away in February 17 and she had a dog for a little over two years and so I adopted him after she patent She was 8 9, so she was up there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, actually one of my best friends, I think she's 60 she's originally from Poland and then she moved to Seattle and she's like it's attack, I don't know, I I prefer talking to the more knowledgeable, more, you know, older crowd just because uh There's just so much, I'm just soaking up all the all the knowledge.
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't, I can understand that. I definitely understand that.
SPEAKER_R: This year
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: old is a two year old paneer.
SPEAKER_L: he's kind of reckoning taxi, His name's tax touch cat skin. You see if I can get him to come up here with me. So if you can see my little baby right
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: there. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, mood in my whole group.
SPEAKER_R: scared. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sleep on my lap at night.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, does your leg ever go now? But you just don't want to
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: move it because you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: them so much?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I love him something he does every morning when he wakes up he comes and rubs his little face on my face. So it's so we and he's just a bug
SPEAKER_R: Sometimes I do sleep with mr Charles, but he gets he gets a little lonely since his brother's got re homed.
SPEAKER_L: Are you? Mhm. I had ferrets at one time and I had one ferret that slept with me. I mean she was and I did, she loved to pick on my toes. I mean, he was a funny, funny parrot.
SPEAKER_R: I've only had one ferret. Um he was a mail from Spencer. My mom actually got him from pennsylvania. Um he was a little stinky, so we had to give him regular showers. I wonder if there's a difference between female ferrets and male parrots of
SPEAKER_L: There.
SPEAKER_R: the energy is a little different. Did you, did you only had one for it?
SPEAKER_L: Well I had one and then I got a mail ferret afterwards, but they were both fixed so they didn't have the uh and they had their thinkers removed. So you know a female ferret if she doesn't mate or is not fixed, they died because they get an anemia. And so it's really pretty wild what they they have to have. Either that or or be fixed. And so my little she was probably 11 when she passed. She was an old ferret. So and the only reason is you get the lymphoma and lots of figures get lymphoma.
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's unfortunate how
SPEAKER_L: was your favorite name?
SPEAKER_R: spencer
SPEAKER_L: Spencer name was Abu like latin. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And she wrote on my shoulder, she was not even a pound. She was a tiny little thing.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Uh I don't actually remember how spencer passed away. He was, he was really young. Um, I think he might have, I think he might have been sick. Um, he might have eaten something he wasn't meant to. I don't remember christmas
SPEAKER_L: They could end this moment.
SPEAKER_R: mm there, so, uh,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even know although, um, there are a lot of like online influencers that I follow who talk about how much they want to hear it because it felt like like slippery they are or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know mine. I would put in the she would sleep, you know Goodness. They slept about 18 hours a day and the rest of time was playing nonstop. There was some fun make you miss Emma. But but a guinea pig is nice. They they have a lot of interesting quirks themselves.
SPEAKER_R: Girls is uh, he's a king, he's very regal. Uh, I think my sister actually named him Charles after king Charles someone I don't remember. Uh, I love him so much actually. Um I was doing a photography photography session with my sister a few days ago with like a professional camera that she got from a friend. And as a compensation, she let me borrow the camera and I decided while I'll let Charles be my muse and I'll take some professional pictures of them. So I have some really hop
SPEAKER_L: Cute.
SPEAKER_R: hole quality pictures of Charles. Uh Yeah, not of me
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: of Charles.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well, you know as us pet lovers, we just have to that's who are our muses are Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Although I was thinking like if I should if I should get another guinea pig because guinea pigs are supposed to be in paris, but it will just I don't know. Oh, I'll see what the future has for Charles.
SPEAKER_L: When when did he not have your brother's anymore? How long ago?
SPEAKER_R: I think it's been It's been like maybe two weeks,
SPEAKER_L: two weeks.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_L: he?
SPEAKER_R: I'm starting to see a little bit of depression and just just that the um he's like sleeping a little bit more, he's right next to my bed. So I see him all the time. Sometimes I pick him up and I just see him like sniffling and just like wanting to lay down with me sucker
SPEAKER_L: Does he make those squeaks noises
SPEAKER_R: mixed
SPEAKER_L: and stuff too?
SPEAKER_R: not as much as before, but he he does if he's extremely hungry and I swear I feed him, I feed him. He just he just loves eating servicer, which
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My mind kind of demands treats every so often. So
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if there's guinea, well sometimes I give him carrots but I have to watch out with their sugar because they can easily get uh
SPEAKER_L: diabetes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, diabetes or something. I don't I don't really know
SPEAKER_L: I have diabetes. So I know what that's like.
SPEAKER_R: mm Is it As a Type one you talked to
SPEAKER_L: I went to
SPEAKER_R: up to?
SPEAKER_L: type.
SPEAKER_R: My first husband actually had type one diabetes. So I was able to I learned about like the toenails and how like the ulcers and all that other stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: What for?
SPEAKER_R: It's really tough
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: um and it kind of inspired me to get a little bit into nutrition and then I don't know if you know this, but um It's been shown that uh type two diabetes is associated with but covering the pancreas, so it's not allowing the insulin to to leave and that's why you have to inject yourself with insulin. It isn't sugar. Although sugar can, you know, it's more fat. That was what was interesting because you
SPEAKER_L: the person can be really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I think there was a doctor, you might have been like a vegan or plant based doctors. Yeah. Oh He was able to reverse a few patients, type two diabetes with white rice and sugar and table sugar. I thought that was
SPEAKER_L: That's different.
SPEAKER_R: I'll see, I'll see if we can find his name. It's actually they got me interested in nutrition,
SPEAKER_L: Uh I found something to um there's something called bourbon green and it's made it's an antioxidant very similar to tumeric. It's really yellow like that if you take about 1500 mg a day it can. In fact, I've gotten off of Metformin because of it, because I was on Metformin every day three times twice a day and it's lowered my blood sugar a lot and levelled out, you know, a lot of people with diabetes have triglyceride problems, you know, so
SPEAKER_R: That's interest
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: something that connect barbering marked on. So Uh that's something I tell people about two.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Uh My friend actually, she she bought me a book, she's from Slovakia. I love Slovakia. It's uh central europe. The book book is called um she I think it's mm what's the over? Yeah, I love I love reading the book is called How Not To Die by uh Michael Gregory. He's uh he's a doctor. I think he's a nutritionist, remember? Yeah, it's a great, it's a great book.
SPEAKER_L: He said he said he was a doctor.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he's a he's a doctor. I think my Mother is calling me. Give Me one quick segment.
SPEAKER_L: No problem, no problem. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. What Charles? Uh huh. No. Well, with a little flight mess. Yeah, nicely. Oh, my late son. Yeah. Perfect. Yes. All right. The first start.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: The first person. Mhm, mm. Yeah, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's all right. Mhm. What happened? Uh huh. Right. Uh huh. Uh huh. Well, yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: A little truth.
SPEAKER_L: That's a pretty okay,
SPEAKER_R: We can. Yeah. Okay. Just don't worry, I'm back. I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. No, nothing bad. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Let me close the door. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder what's the average Oh, so which which website do you use? Um Do use
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: em part?
SPEAKER_L: like um I use health line dot com for like health issues and stuff. It's really, really good. It gives you research and and who who backs it and everything, so it's really interesting. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um I also use offline too. Are they're really good
SPEAKER_L: do you,
SPEAKER_R: with nutrition?
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. They are, have
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: ever thought of going into nutrition?
SPEAKER_R: I don't actually know. Um I really like um surgery. I love surgery videos. Um I would be an honor for me to, you know, help reform people's bodies and make them work better. Um I don't know, I guess I'm fascinating. I'm fascinated with uh surgery videos where they cut up people and then they, you know, fix them up uh in any other context that would sound really weird, like I'm into mutilation, but it's it's very remember
SPEAKER_L: It's amazing that the body
SPEAKER_R: medical
SPEAKER_L: can do,
SPEAKER_R: standpoint. Um I was studying biology, I'll come sure actually In 2015, that's when I graduated high school. Um But then but then I only got to do one year and then I started having like really bad depression and had to take care of my family now I'm back and I did I did um I did get away to California and I got married Uh
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: for a year, uh not long, but a 19 year old getting married, that's kind of unheard of, and I like having that is like something to Paris to buy. Are you
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: married?
SPEAKER_L: is all, nope. Never been married, never had any kids. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I was I was just close to having kids, but it just we felt we fell apart and I'm honestly really glad that that I never did have kids with the first. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I had a really, really bad childhood and so it kind of kept me away from guys and stuff, so and girls, I don't care either way. It's just uh I'm just uh just had some bad things happened as a child and so important and I wouldn't have been able to have kids because of what happened to me as a kid and and
SPEAKER_R: Conservative
SPEAKER_L: so it
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: was coming. Yeah, my brother, he kind of gets on to me a little bit. He goes, I wish you hadn't had kids. And
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: I was like, well, you know, I couldn't, you know, mm.
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm actually uh I don't know your situation, but I have a similar situation where uh um I've been really confused about my sexual orientation since childhood because um traumatic stuff has happened to me. Um So I question whether whether or not I do like men um and I'm trying to experiment with women, although when I say experiment that sounds kind of heartless, it sounds really
SPEAKER_L: I decided
SPEAKER_R: hard with.
SPEAKER_L: to find your niche. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um So but it's tough because um I'm sure I'm sure you've you've experienced this but you kind of like to stand your own ground and you don't want to be dependent on other people.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Exactly. You know, and speaking of medical, I was I graduated high school at 16 and went to nursing school and worked with, I was only 1.5 semesters from having my RN and I had a car accident. And if you miss one day a clinical, you're out for a year and with student loans, if you don't go back to school within you know, within one semester you have to start painting back, you know, and so I couldn't afford them back. So I went and got my biology and chemistry and teaching and then had
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: because I got kind of my genetic stuff from my mom which was a very unhealthy person. I unfortunately did that and had to drop out of everything. I got my degree but I wasn't able to do anything with it because of health conditions but I love medical and I could tell you so many things about medical I mean. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: gosh. Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Um I didn't realize that we had the same the same situation because uh because um I was advised by the by my my colleges steen. Actually went to, I went to college in a rural town in western new york, a place called Fredonia. I think, I think it's like I think the population is 10,000 compared to my millions of people in new york city. The dean advised that I get a job by, you know, take a break from, it takes some time away from school because my grades were kind of failing. Um And then when I realized that I had to be, I had to be back in school in six months or else I'm going to have to start repaying my paying off the loans. I Yeah, and so then it's been four years for me to almost pay it off
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: force decision ever. I do want to go to community college, I'm learning my lesson at least. Um But it's
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: you're interested in nursing um some of the best things are going through associate degree program to get your orient and then you can go back and get your bachelor's later if if you're wanting that because that usually In fact I just saw a program I I kind of steered one of the nine caregivers I said uh it was it was called Nightingale E. d. U. And it was one that it had a certain amount and they could do it in 18 months you know and that's just unheard of to get
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: your are in that.
SPEAKER_R: here that um because my mom is a home health aide and she's thinking about becoming a nurse, But she's looking at which programs and when I hear about how you can become a nurse in 16 months or 18 months from like or like to get to get like certain credentials. Mm I'm really surprised.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but it's a it's a great program and it's something that gets you kick started you know with trying to finish up later programs and stuff if you want you know and you can usually even get your bachelor's online after you have your associate. And so that would be a possible thing. But the thing is so much practice you know how much you can get to practice in you know before you want to get your bachelors because I mean you don't have to have a bachelors you can stay with the associate for but it's just a better pay if you get the bachelors and stuff
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: and you'd be you know you'd be able to work and pay for your loans and stuff that you would have to get to get the associates. So, but
SPEAKER_R: I heard, I heard the analogy of having a bachelor's degree now is kind of like having a high school diploma like years ago um brian that's just the norm. I wasn't able to find any jobs, although I do suffer from pretty bad anxiety, so I'm I'm kind of I'm kind of glad that I can do online schooling. Um but I do value traditional learning. I do need to be in a class and be emerged, but and it's even more difficult with a Biology degree,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure, I'm not sure how that's going to happen because there's like speculation that covid and everything our lives are going to go back to normal in a year, maybe two years. That's like, what are we gonna do like for
SPEAKER_L: insane.
SPEAKER_R: students at least? I don't know, it's really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: confusing.
SPEAKER_L: just keep hoping for that vaccine to come out and really be good. And so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: You know, one of the things I always told, you know, some of these other girls is if you can get like a nursing assistant job, that you be surprised how much nurses and doctors will help you in getting, not only here in your study. Like if you're in between, you know, patients and stuff, they'll sit down with you and teach you things that you can't even get from from your courses. You know, it was a lot of fun. I enjoyed, I loved my, I see you. I worked mainly in a pediatric ICU intensive care of cardiac patients and surgical intensive care and I loved it. It was so much fun. And you love the surgery.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I have to admit it was sometimes a culture shock because you go in there and you see these people, I mean, like some people have their intestines opened up and they're wide open to the air trying to, you know, because of certain illnesses and so there are times just kind of, whoa, you know, I've never seen anything like this. And yeah, it's so amazing to watch the body heal and see how it heals itself. So I I love your enthusiasm. I think that's great. And
SPEAKER_R: you're right.
SPEAKER_L: and being now I have anxiety. I have post traumatic stress disorder because of my childhood. And so I understand anxiety and they're saying I have bipolar two and that's not fun. But I don't walk through the depression as much as I have the manic phases, which are just anxiety and not sleeping at night and all kinds of energy, it's kind of weird.
SPEAKER_R: I I saw one video that um bipolar disorder and how there was there was a, so it's it's just it's just a video on Youtube for someone forgot to take um edit, someone forgot to take a bipolar pill and then they started having these illusions and these like nightmares and um it kind of reminded me of schizophrenia in a way and I've never had, I've
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: like to off, sorry,
SPEAKER_R: it's like I've never known anyone with bipolar disorder. How are your like like
SPEAKER_L: dirt,
SPEAKER_R: when when it acts up? Like what is it what actually
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: is it?
SPEAKER_L: the last night I haven't slept like last night I slept maybe in 20 minute increments, maybe four or five different times during the night, and then other than that I'm awake and I'm just like sitting there going, oh homo um and you feel like you're kinda anxious and you feel like you're kind of jumping out of your skin and all day long, my legs were just kind of bouncing and just keep me kind of, you feel like you're just anxious all the time and I'm trying natural stuff like you know, B vitamins and stuff that will help plus the bipolar medicine and they called it is so effective, bye bye bipolar disorder, which I was hearing voices at times and stuff so it was kind of like schizophrenia so it's scary you know you really think it's really going on when it evidently must not be you know but it feels so real.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder what what in particular is keeping you like up or what's preventing you from sleeping? Um Like if there was like one simple answer, obviously I would hope that you would find a mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we're looking we're looking you know I've tried sleeping pills and they just don't work they're just not any good. And I don't know it's just different. It's it's I gotta sleep app which has guided imagery and things that you can do to kind of help and it watches how you sleep and so I have an app to try to help me through those difficult times and no it's it's different it's very different.
SPEAKER_R: Do you suffer from intense like attics because of it headaches or migraines?
SPEAKER_L: I used to really have bad migraines but I'm not having them as much since they put me on something new.
SPEAKER_R: Okay because my I had a friend and I know that the time is up so so interrupt me if you want to
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: just you know earlier.
SPEAKER_L: although it's over since we had to take a break so that's fine. Right?
SPEAKER_R: um had a friend from California who suffered from really intense migrants and they put him on I think one of the most intense migraine medicines that actually I think it had like cocaine or something like that in it. Or I don't I don't remember, but it's like it's verified, you know? Um And it caused him to sleep for so many hours and he has never felt so rejuvenated before. Um But if you're not suffering from headaches and I guess that doesn't really something, you know? But I just I just I just found that I found that so interesting how um we're pharmacy, you can get away with putting a little bit of this and a little bit of that to help help people. And it's really old term. So it's just
SPEAKER_L: well that's good.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: he doesn't have my friends either anymore
SPEAKER_R: No, but he does he does suffer and he used to suffer from, from insomnia, but now not so much.
SPEAKER_L: wrong, That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And then I did I did want to get into medicine, but for some reason, because of the bad stuff that has happened to me when I was younger, the idea of continuing like, but the idea this is going to sound really fun, uh like
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: helping, helping people, like either reproduce or something like that. I just, I just don't like the idea because bad stuff has happened to me and I wouldn't want it, I wouldn't want to wish, you know what happened to me to someone
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: else, right? So then I have so many like conflicting, you know, like, I love medicine, I adore medicine, I adore biology, and I adore chemistry, but you know, there are points where not where I'm thinking like, should I be helping humanity?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense, especially what what goes on.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, because there's so much anguish that I have and um I don't know if you've done therapy, but I've I've been on and off therapy for about seven years and you know, it's it's like stepping stones, but it's really tough, it's really tough.
SPEAKER_L: mm It is, it is very hard, it's a, it's a, it's an interesting life and it's trying
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: to get through it and
SPEAKER_R: I cannot believe that you do not have Children. That's insane. That's because I was I was just on I don't know if you know about the social platform named breaded but there are uh read it, it's like it's like twitter almost but there's different like communities and there's one community for childfree, it's just called Child Free Um and there are people that are 6070s 80s with no kids and put um but they talk about the backlash that they get from their from their parents and from everyone that they know saying why don't you have kids
SPEAKER_L: I didn't Exactly
SPEAKER_R: specifically for women because it's expected?
SPEAKER_L: Right, mm hmm. It is, yeah, I wrote that down child free from wrote it, you have to remember.
SPEAKER_R: Uh you might you might relate with with some of the people um
SPEAKER_L: I'm not good.
SPEAKER_R: Right um mm do you did you get did you get a lot of slack from your parents about your decision to my kids or to not even date
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: because dating is worth nothing?
SPEAKER_L: not even date well because my dad was the sexual abuser and so he kind of didn't, he wasn't involved with me because of after we kind of, He got arrested twice and you know, it was kind of a nasty situation and when I went to live with my aunt who was the time was let's see I was 15, so she was 55, she was 40 years older and she had just lost her husband like three years earlier for about three years earlier. And so she lived the rest of her life without ever getting married and and we bonded that way because of not having that stigma if you will of having to have a partner you know and so we became best friends and so it was like the two of us were out there battling the world, you know she was really good so she helped me through me dealing with you know that abuse because of that abuse and how
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to hear
SPEAKER_L: it affected
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: time well and I'm sorry that you've gone through two similar things and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it was it was also incest but thankfully it was my dad. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: sorry I hate that that happened.
SPEAKER_R: mm It's it's a lot more common than people think. And
SPEAKER_L: one in every three girls.
SPEAKER_R: is it is
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: that one in every three? Do you know do
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you know the statistics for boys
SPEAKER_L: yes, one in every seven.
SPEAKER_R: seven aka? Um
SPEAKER_L: But still, and I think to be honest with me personally feel that it's harder on boys because of their physiological response that they have compared to women not having it as strong as men as the boys do. And to a point I guess I never I've never gone through that. So I don't understand when women talk about orgasm and stuff. I'm like, I don't understand that because this never happened to me,
SPEAKER_R: I understand
SPEAKER_L: so Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um I have heard that the G spot is for for men is a menace but obviously if it's like for sex and it's probably not going to be that enjoyable. Um I think I I love the topic of although I'm not a fan of kids to be honest but I do like the topic of child abuse and how we can potentially reverse it and how we can uplift our youth and make them understand that what's happening to them isn't necessarily, it's really common. It's unfortunate, it's really common, but um there are ways to like talking about your feelings and whatnot and um I think I think for me, I got I got I got stuck in this like sexual cycle loop because kids victims of rape, they can become hyper sexual because it's like the only thing that they know. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: so that's what happened to me. And I thought, well if it's supposed to feel good, then I guess I should be with nine. Um, but then, but now I'm just regarding my decisions, it's so completing its feeling
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. When does your ex husband still live in California?
SPEAKER_R: He does, we actually met online, we used to play a video game and then, um, And then he decided to visit me during Christmas time of 20 16 and then february. I decided to move, I brought my dog and my cat and, and but it just didn't work because uh his family, uh they're muslim and they kind of, I'm a hispanic woman and they were
SPEAKER_L: Can you,
SPEAKER_R: alienating me. I did try to learn about Islam and whatnot, but it just became too much. So your, your spirit typical, like my, my mother in law hates me and then I just, I just got, I got, I got right, you did pack my bags one day because in Islam you're supposed to be really conservative and I think I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: went
SPEAKER_L: mean?
SPEAKER_R: to like a beach party one day and I had these shorts and she hated it. She packed all myself had through my suitcase out like in front of their yard. It was a horrible,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that is horrible.
SPEAKER_R: but I'm glad that um actually it was difficult because I was trying to run away from my, I was trying to run away from new york city from my home because because of what happened to me um with my brother um and go into California and being alienated. It just, it kick started the generalized anxiety disorder that I know how, and my third, I think my psychiatrist thought that maybe I might have pTSD, but I recall her saying that a therapist needs to diagnose you with PTSD
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, ended here
SPEAKER_R: or something, so I have to wait until I get another therapist because currently we can't see therapists, or at least not for me under my health
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: health insurance. Um But then coming back from California, I guess I started having, like, separation anxiety because it was the only thing that I ever like, he's the only person that I ever knew, I don't know, I feel like I'm like in a therapy chair, you know, like this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And enough I can help you were there. Yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: But did you did you feel like because it is sure that you felt a void in your life because you didn't have your father figure? How did you, how did you supplement? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know, he like I said he died at 45 to which was, you know, I was only
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: 23, 23 that he passed and yeah, he had leukemia and uh my counselor says that was God's way of rectifying the situation, you know, because he would try again, you know when I was an adult even though all I was doing was trying to help the family get through his, his cancer and it didn't work. So anyway, it was just kind of a weird situation and I had to move away from Dallas to come up here too, survive to actually heal and so that's why me moving away was beneficial and I have a lovely family here that is um, you know, I miss my brother. I only get to see him. Yeah, it's been probably four years but we talk two or 3 times two or three times a week and we'll talk for over an hour and you know, so we communicate but it's just not the same as kind of being they're at home and he feels kind of isolated because you know he doesn't have either one of his parents and I'm his only sibling and so and unfortunately two of his he got married at a pretty young age and out of three of his kids, two of them have just totally cut off communication and
SPEAKER_R: What's unfortunate?
SPEAKER_L: so yeah and he's such a good dad and such a good person, you know, it's sad to see him go through that too. But unfortunately just when you have a family like ours you have you have situations.
SPEAKER_R: True. Does
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: do you live with right now?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes I do. I I live with my mom ah
SPEAKER_L: No And get one Good Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: You get along with her? Well,
SPEAKER_R: Um there was a time when she didn't believe my accusation and same thing with my dad. I think I think the reason why she didn't believe it is because I waited so long to talk about it um because maybe it's maybe it's a typical of females but we just internalize things um
SPEAKER_L: Were there?
SPEAKER_R: with with with any trauma and waiting
SPEAKER_L: And blame ourselves?
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Um I became the type of, I became socially, I remember not talking to anyone and I think that did hinder my family, you know my relationship with my um maternal sisters, half sisters um and my dad doesn't believe me uh which is really unfortunate and he actually talks to me about uh huh the person, you know? Um so it's really tough, it's
SPEAKER_L: you don't you don't have communication with him now or do you?
SPEAKER_R: my dad, no I I
SPEAKER_L: No, your broker. Okay. If I didn't mean to say anything
SPEAKER_R: uh no I do, I do um but actually we're in the same household but thanks to therapy yeah but thanks to therapy, I've been able to You know, come to terms
SPEAKER_L: Here
SPEAKER_R: you know and he'll you
SPEAKER_L: is in the process.
SPEAKER_R: it's 100 um but um uh yeah it's it's just I don't know what, I don't know what to feel.
SPEAKER_L: No I understand, believe me, I do understand and even trying to talk to my brother about it, he didn't find out until a few years ago what really happened and even though he knew his dad was arrested, he didn't know why, you know and I know it was a crime um so I never reported it except that I told a friend of mine you know when your dad does this and they were like that doesn't do that and I would like oh dear I just let the cat out of the bag you know and it was kind of you know it was a lot and my mom took my dad's side instead of me and so that's kind of why I ended up away from the family, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I definitely see myself in your situation in the future when I'm financially able to just because it'll feel like just removing so much off my shoulders.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I I wish you the best and I wished everything for you and that you would have exactly what you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: search for.
SPEAKER_R: hope so too. Um Actually there is a there's a um do you did you meditation at all?
SPEAKER_L: Some
SPEAKER_R: Um there is a, there's a lot of Youtube videos where they play like these high frequency sounds and they're lovely. Um It's good for meditation, but it's also good if you just want to wind down. I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: took a screen cap of one comment. Um I just want to read it to you because it's such a it's such a sweet comment. Um and this is just by user who was listening to the, to the video. You put this away. It sounds, I wish you forget who already forgot you. I want you to close the doors that no longer lead you anywhere and open a window. Hope I wish that you do not carry guilt and that you forgive yourself and forgive other people's mistakes. I wish you smiles and laughter. I want the strong wind to hit your face and remind you that you are alive. I wish she warm hugs from those that are not forgotten a lifetime. I wish you unforgettable new memories. I wish you strength to bear the inevitable and above are. I wish you love in abundance. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: That was good.
SPEAKER_R: love it so much. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: we need to make a need to make a poster and put it on your wall.
SPEAKER_R: I do. I do. I do. I send it to my friends when they were having a bad day. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's a good idea.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I need to eat my I guess dinner. It was lovely talking to Sarah. Okay. All right, have a good day.