Alexa turn down Yeah Okay thank you. Oh oh Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah Okay. One what what? Oh yeah didn't say. Mhm. Okay. What? Right yeah come on. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah Yeah come on. Yeah. Oh okay okay. Yeah the other people. Oh yeah okay. Yeah. Oh yeah woman's in love. All right come on. That would be I don't want what? Yeah I like often I'm mhm. Yeah. Oh come on. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Cool thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh I mhm. Yeah. All right. Oh. Uh huh. Oh Oh right okay. Yeah. Mhm. Hi how are you?
Good
I can hear you fine. Can you hear me fine?
Mhm. What's your name?
My name is Don and Nice to meet you. I'm 53. Um So I'm kind of yeah
that's great. Right?
22, nice to meet you and I get the millennial. Huh? This is different.
No, it was said to talk about anything. Just get to know one another and that
kind
of
stuff.
Like I like to set timer for 26 minutes. She'll tell us, he said to make
sure you do it a minute over or so to make sure you get enough.
Because if we do it under it doesn't, we don't get credit so that wouldn't be nice.
Somebody.
I was wondering, I was like okay so it's had to wait five minutes and then do it. Yeah. So are you a college student? Are you?
yeah, that's the truth. Everything is kind of up in the air. I went to college at the University of Louisiana Monroe down treat Portland Well, close to the report more and I now live here in Boise Idaho mhm
was quite a move but I've been here since 93 so probably older than you.
Well I have, yeah, I have quite a few extended members. My mom and dad died, my dad died when he was 45. My mom died when she was 50 for my brother, he still lives in Dallas where I'm kinda was raised and he's a chiropractor down there, so He's a semi pro football arena player, he's still, even at his age, he's 50 years old and kicking filgoal Mhm. Uh huh
But
What
about
you, two siblings?
How are you? Oh that's such a big area, is that where your family lives to or?
Very
correct.
Are you actually in the big city part or you
in
isn't that expensive?
Oh my goodness, I only
make about 7500 years, so I couldn't
even think of that. Uh huh.
You're right.
You want to be a kind of an anti too or just just the house?
No name?
Yeah. You have any pets with yourself?
I hope Charles. Mr Charles.
how
can work? That's cute. Guinea pig. How long have you had him?
I have a dog, that was my uh I lived with my aunt for a while migrating, you kind of took me in when I was 15 and she was my mom, so she took care of me. Well, she just passed away in February 17 and she had a dog for a little over two years and so I adopted him after she patent She was 8 9, so she was up there.
No, I don't, I can understand that. I definitely understand that.
I'm
he's kind of reckoning taxi, His name's tax touch cat skin. You see if I can get him to come up here with me. So if you can see my little baby right
there. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, mood in my whole group.
sleep on my lap at night.
No,
I
just
Exactly. I love him something he does every morning when he wakes up he comes and rubs his little face on my face. So it's so we and he's just a bug
Are you? Mhm. I had ferrets at one time and I had one ferret that slept with me. I mean she was and I did, she loved to pick on my toes. I mean, he was a funny, funny parrot.
There.
Well I had one and then I got a mail ferret afterwards, but they were both fixed so they didn't have the uh and they had their thinkers removed. So you know a female ferret if she doesn't mate or is not fixed, they died because they get an anemia. And so it's really pretty wild what they they have to have. Either that or or be fixed. And so my little she was probably 11 when she passed. She was an old ferret. So and the only reason is you get the lymphoma and lots of figures get lymphoma.
was your favorite name?
Spencer name was Abu like latin. Uh huh.
And she wrote on my shoulder, she was not even a pound. She was a tiny little thing.
They could end this moment.
Thank you.
Yeah. You know mine. I would put in the she would sleep, you know Goodness. They slept about 18 hours a day and the rest of time was playing nonstop. There was some fun make you miss Emma. But but a guinea pig is nice. They they have a lot of interesting quirks themselves.
Cute.
That
yeah. Well, you know as us pet lovers, we just have to that's who are our muses are Okay.
When when did he not have your brother's anymore? How long ago?
two weeks.
So
he?
Does he make those squeaks noises
and stuff too?
Yeah. My mind kind of demands treats every so often. So
diabetes.
I have diabetes. So I know what that's like.
I went to
type.
What for?
Mhm,
the person can be really interesting.
That's different.
Uh I found something to um there's something called bourbon green and it's made it's an antioxidant very similar to tumeric. It's really yellow like that if you take about 1500 mg a day it can. In fact, I've gotten off of Metformin because of it, because I was on Metformin every day three times twice a day and it's lowered my blood sugar a lot and levelled out, you know, a lot of people with diabetes have triglyceride problems, you know, so
that was
something that connect barbering marked on. So Uh that's something I tell people about two.
He said he said he was a doctor.
No problem, no problem. Yeah. Yeah.
Well,
come on.
Mhm.
Mhm.
That's a pretty okay,
Okay. No, nothing bad. Okay,
Mhm.
I
like um I use health line dot com for like health issues and stuff. It's really, really good. It gives you research and and who who backs it and everything, so it's really interesting. So
do you,
mm hmm. They are, have
you
ever thought of going into nutrition?
It's amazing that the body
can do,
did
you?
This
is all, nope. Never been married, never had any kids. Uh
Yeah.
Yeah,
I had a really, really bad childhood and so it kind of kept me away from guys and stuff, so and girls, I don't care either way. It's just uh I'm just uh just had some bad things happened as a child and so important and I wouldn't have been able to have kids because of what happened to me as a kid and and
so it
was coming. Yeah, my brother, he kind of gets on to me a little bit. He goes, I wish you hadn't had kids. And
I was like, well, you know, I couldn't, you know, mm.
I decided
to find your niche. Mhm.
Exactly. Exactly. You know, and speaking of medical, I was I graduated high school at 16 and went to nursing school and worked with, I was only 1.5 semesters from having my RN and I had a car accident. And if you miss one day a clinical, you're out for a year and with student loans, if you don't go back to school within you know, within one semester you have to start painting back, you know, and so I couldn't afford them back. So I went and got my biology and chemistry and teaching and then had
because I got kind of my genetic stuff from my mom which was a very unhealthy person. I unfortunately did that and had to drop out of everything. I got my degree but I wasn't able to do anything with it because of health conditions but I love medical and I could tell you so many things about medical I mean. Mhm.
What?
Well
if
you're interested in nursing um some of the best things are going through associate degree program to get your orient and then you can go back and get your bachelor's later if if you're wanting that because that usually In fact I just saw a program I I kind of steered one of the nine caregivers I said uh it was it was called Nightingale E. d. U. And it was one that it had a certain amount and they could do it in 18 months you know and that's just unheard of to get
your are in that.
Yeah but it's a it's a great program and it's something that gets you kick started you know with trying to finish up later programs and stuff if you want you know and you can usually even get your bachelor's online after you have your associate. And so that would be a possible thing. But the thing is so much practice you know how much you can get to practice in you know before you want to get your bachelors because I mean you don't have to have a bachelors you can stay with the associate for but it's just a better pay if you get the bachelors and stuff
and you'd be you know you'd be able to work and pay for your loans and stuff that you would have to get to get the associates. So, but
It
is.
insane.
I
just keep hoping for that vaccine to come out and really be good. And so yeah.
You know, one of the things I always told, you know, some of these other girls is if you can get like a nursing assistant job, that you be surprised how much nurses and doctors will help you in getting, not only here in your study. Like if you're in between, you know, patients and stuff, they'll sit down with you and teach you things that you can't even get from from your courses. You know, it was a lot of fun. I enjoyed, I loved my, I see you. I worked mainly in a pediatric ICU intensive care of cardiac patients and surgical intensive care and I loved it. It was so much fun. And you love the surgery.
I
mean, I have to admit it was sometimes a culture shock because you go in there and you see these people, I mean, like some people have their intestines opened up and they're wide open to the air trying to, you know, because of certain illnesses and so there are times just kind of, whoa, you know, I've never seen anything like this. And yeah, it's so amazing to watch the body heal and see how it heals itself. So I I love your enthusiasm. I think that's great. And
and being now I have anxiety. I have post traumatic stress disorder because of my childhood. And so I understand anxiety and they're saying I have bipolar two and that's not fun. But I don't walk through the depression as much as I have the manic phases, which are just anxiety and not sleeping at night and all kinds of energy, it's kind of weird.
I
like to off, sorry,
dirt,
Like
the last night I haven't slept like last night I slept maybe in 20 minute increments, maybe four or five different times during the night, and then other than that I'm awake and I'm just like sitting there going, oh homo um and you feel like you're kinda anxious and you feel like you're kind of jumping out of your skin and all day long, my legs were just kind of bouncing and just keep me kind of, you feel like you're just anxious all the time and I'm trying natural stuff like you know, B vitamins and stuff that will help plus the bipolar medicine and they called it is so effective, bye bye bipolar disorder, which I was hearing voices at times and stuff so it was kind of like schizophrenia so it's scary you know you really think it's really going on when it evidently must not be you know but it feels so real.
we're looking we're looking you know I've tried sleeping pills and they just don't work they're just not any good. And I don't know it's just different. It's it's I gotta sleep app which has guided imagery and things that you can do to kind of help and it watches how you sleep and so I have an app to try to help me through those difficult times and no it's it's different it's very different.
I used to really have bad migraines but I'm not having them as much since they put me on something new.
No
although it's over since we had to take a break so that's fine. Right?
well that's good.
So
he doesn't have my friends either anymore
wrong, That's good.
yeah,
to
No,
that makes sense, especially what what goes on.
mm It is, it is very hard, it's a, it's a, it's an interesting life and it's trying
to get through it and
I didn't Exactly
Right, mm hmm. It is, yeah, I wrote that down child free from wrote it, you have to remember.
I'm not good.
Well
not even date well because my dad was the sexual abuser and so he kind of didn't, he wasn't involved with me because of after we kind of, He got arrested twice and you know, it was kind of a nasty situation and when I went to live with my aunt who was the time was let's see I was 15, so she was 55, she was 40 years older and she had just lost her husband like three years earlier for about three years earlier. And so she lived the rest of her life without ever getting married and and we bonded that way because of not having that stigma if you will of having to have a partner you know and so we became best friends and so it was like the two of us were out there battling the world, you know she was really good so she helped me through me dealing with you know that abuse because of that abuse and how
it affected
time well and I'm sorry that you've gone through two similar things and
and
sorry I hate that that happened.
one in every three girls.
Thanks.
And
yes, one in every seven.
But still, and I think to be honest with me personally feel that it's harder on boys because of their physiological response that they have compared to women not having it as strong as men as the boys do. And to a point I guess I never I've never gone through that. So I don't understand when women talk about orgasm and stuff. I'm like, I don't understand that because this never happened to me,
so Okay.
That's right.
Uh huh. When does your ex husband still live in California?
Can you,
you
mean?
Oh that is horrible.
Yeah, ended here
and
Yeah. And enough I can help you were there. Yeah. What?
Well, you know, he like I said he died at 45 to which was, you know, I was only
23, 23 that he passed and yeah, he had leukemia and uh my counselor says that was God's way of rectifying the situation, you know, because he would try again, you know when I was an adult even though all I was doing was trying to help the family get through his, his cancer and it didn't work. So anyway, it was just kind of a weird situation and I had to move away from Dallas to come up here too, survive to actually heal and so that's why me moving away was beneficial and I have a lovely family here that is um, you know, I miss my brother. I only get to see him. Yeah, it's been probably four years but we talk two or 3 times two or three times a week and we'll talk for over an hour and you know, so we communicate but it's just not the same as kind of being they're at home and he feels kind of isolated because you know he doesn't have either one of his parents and I'm his only sibling and so and unfortunately two of his he got married at a pretty young age and out of three of his kids, two of them have just totally cut off communication and
so yeah and he's such a good dad and such a good person, you know, it's sad to see him go through that too. But unfortunately just when you have a family like ours you have you have situations.
So
do you live with right now?
No And get one Good Huh?
You get along with her? Well,
Were there?
And blame ourselves?
you don't you don't have communication with him now or do you?
No, your broker. Okay. If I didn't mean to say anything
Here
is in the process.
No I understand, believe me, I do understand and even trying to talk to my brother about it, he didn't find out until a few years ago what really happened and even though he knew his dad was arrested, he didn't know why, you know and I know it was a crime um so I never reported it except that I told a friend of mine you know when your dad does this and they were like that doesn't do that and I would like oh dear I just let the cat out of the bag you know and it was kind of you know it was a lot and my mom took my dad's side instead of me and so that's kind of why I ended up away from the family, you know?
Yes. I I wish you the best and I wished everything for you and that you would have exactly what you
search for.
Some
and
Oh that's good.
That was good.
we need to make a need to make a poster and put it on your wall.
Yeah that's a good idea.