I'm great.
Yeah, I'm glad that my audio is working. Can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you okay, perfect.
Uh my name is nailah,
that's great. I'm
22.
It is very different. There wasn't a, there wasn't a conversation, there wasn't a topic that we had to talk about it
For
at
least
25 minutes. Okay. Mhm.
First,
who is that? Okay.
Okay. I've done this study before, but the previous person ever showed up, I'm actually surprised that there's
another person. Yeah, very surprised. Yes,
Um I was a college student um but then I took, I took a break just to take care of family and I'm going back to school hopefully this year, although with, with Covid it's a little, it's a little difficult.
Oh, Idaho, that's, that's quite a ways away. Mm.
93. Just a little bit. Do you have family in Idaho?
It's
interesting.
I
mean
I do have, I have a few, I only have half siblings, I have uh 3/2 sisters And then 2/2 brothers. I'm in New York City, brother.
Uh My mother, my my family, they're from the caribbean islands um and then they did the move so from Puerto rico Dominican republic and then and now they're in new york city, although when
I did
great, yes, sorry,
I
am Manhattan, yeah.
Oh it's really expensive, although um thankfully my mother is able to get um like financial aid I guess. Um for for housing, it is really expensive, I think maybe a few blocks by Hudson River Um months later and can be $4,000 5000 a month
for
just
a chunk of change. That's okay. I do my ultimate goal, It's a weird dream, but I've always wanted to become a housekeeper for like a rich family and just
how how life is um Yeah that's you know
oh no, nanny, although
if I'm taking care of animals that's that's that's that's fine.
Yeah, I do. I actually have a guinea pig, would you like to see mr Charles? Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here is it, he's like
anything.
Uh My sister actually bought him uh maybe three years ago, I think they're supposed to live for five or six years, so he's getting a little old, he did have to but he did have two brothers but it was just too much work and we got rid of them. Any parts.
Yeah, actually one of my best friends, I think she's 60 she's originally from Poland and then she moved to Seattle and she's like it's attack, I don't know, I I prefer talking to the more knowledgeable, more, you know, older crowd just because uh There's just so much, I'm just soaking up all the all the knowledge.
This year
old is a two year old paneer.
All
scared. Yeah.
Uh, does your leg ever go now? But you just don't want to
move it because you
love
them so much?
Sometimes I do sleep with mr Charles, but he gets he gets a little lonely since his brother's got re homed.
I've only had one ferret. Um he was a mail from Spencer. My mom actually got him from pennsylvania. Um he was a little stinky, so we had to give him regular showers. I wonder if there's a difference between female ferrets and male parrots of
the energy is a little different. Did you, did you only had one for it?
Uh it's unfortunate how
spencer
Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Uh I don't actually remember how spencer passed away. He was, he was really young. Um, I think he might have, I think he might have been sick. Um, he might have eaten something he wasn't meant to. I don't remember christmas
mm there, so, uh,
I don't even know although, um, there are a lot of like online influencers that I follow who talk about how much they want to hear it because it felt like like slippery they are or something.
Girls is uh, he's a king, he's very regal. Uh, I think my sister actually named him Charles after king Charles someone I don't remember. Uh, I love him so much actually. Um I was doing a photography photography session with my sister a few days ago with like a professional camera that she got from a friend. And as a compensation, she let me borrow the camera and I decided while I'll let Charles be my muse and I'll take some professional pictures of them. So I have some really hop
hole quality pictures of Charles. Uh Yeah, not of me
of Charles.
Although I was thinking like if I should if I should get another guinea pig because guinea pigs are supposed to be in paris, but it will just I don't know. Oh, I'll see what the future has for Charles.
I think it's been It's been like maybe two weeks,
but
I'm sorry,
I'm starting to see a little bit of depression and just just that the um he's like sleeping a little bit more, he's right next to my bed. So I see him all the time. Sometimes I pick him up and I just see him like sniffling and just like wanting to lay down with me sucker
mixed
not as much as before, but he he does if he's extremely hungry and I swear I feed him, I feed him. He just he just loves eating servicer, which
I wonder if there's guinea, well sometimes I give him carrots but I have to watch out with their sugar because they can easily get uh
yeah, diabetes or something. I don't I don't really know
mm Is it As a Type one you talked to
up to?
My first husband actually had type one diabetes. So I was able to I learned about like the toenails and how like the ulcers and all that other stuff. Um
It's really tough
um and it kind of inspired me to get a little bit into nutrition and then I don't know if you know this, but um It's been shown that uh type two diabetes is associated with but covering the pancreas, so it's not allowing the insulin to to leave and that's why you have to inject yourself with insulin. It isn't sugar. Although sugar can, you know, it's more fat. That was what was interesting because you
Yeah. Um I think there was a doctor, you might have been like a vegan or plant based doctors. Yeah. Oh He was able to reverse a few patients, type two diabetes with white rice and sugar and table sugar. I thought that was
I'll see, I'll see if we can find his name. It's actually they got me interested in nutrition,
That's interest
there.
mm. Uh My friend actually, she she bought me a book, she's from Slovakia. I love Slovakia. It's uh central europe. The book book is called um she I think it's mm what's the over? Yeah, I love I love reading the book is called How Not To Die by uh Michael Gregory. He's uh he's a doctor. I think he's a nutritionist, remember? Yeah, it's a great, it's a great book.
Yeah, he's a he's a doctor. I think my Mother is calling me. Give Me one quick segment.
Thanks. What Charles? Uh huh. No. Well, with a little flight mess. Yeah, nicely. Oh, my late son. Yeah. Perfect. Yes. All right. The first start.
The first person. Mhm, mm. Yeah, Yeah,
yeah, that's all right. Mhm. What happened? Uh huh. Right. Uh huh. Uh huh. Well, yeah, yeah,
yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
A little truth.
We can. Yeah. Okay. Just don't worry, I'm back. I'm so sorry.
Okay. Let me close the door. Mhm.
I wonder what's the average Oh, so which which website do you use? Um Do use
em part?
Okay. Um I also use offline too. Are they're really good
with nutrition?
What
about,
I don't actually know. Um I really like um surgery. I love surgery videos. Um I would be an honor for me to, you know, help reform people's bodies and make them work better. Um I don't know, I guess I'm fascinating. I'm fascinated with uh surgery videos where they cut up people and then they, you know, fix them up uh in any other context that would sound really weird, like I'm into mutilation, but it's it's very remember
medical
standpoint. Um I was studying biology, I'll come sure actually In 2015, that's when I graduated high school. Um But then but then I only got to do one year and then I started having like really bad depression and had to take care of my family now I'm back and I did I did um I did get away to California and I got married Uh
for
for a year, uh not long, but a 19 year old getting married, that's kind of unheard of, and I like having that is like something to Paris to buy. Are you
married?
wow,
wow,
I was I was just close to having kids, but it just we felt we fell apart and I'm honestly really glad that that I never did have kids with the first. Mhm.
Conservative
them
all
Um I'm actually uh I don't know your situation, but I have a similar situation where uh um I've been really confused about my sexual orientation since childhood because um traumatic stuff has happened to me. Um So I question whether whether or not I do like men um and I'm trying to experiment with women, although when I say experiment that sounds kind of heartless, it sounds really
hard with.
Um So but it's tough because um I'm sure I'm sure you've you've experienced this but you kind of like to stand your own ground and you don't want to be dependent on other people.
I'm,
gosh. Oh my gosh.
Um I didn't realize that we had the same the same situation because uh because um I was advised by the by my my colleges steen. Actually went to, I went to college in a rural town in western new york, a place called Fredonia. I think, I think it's like I think the population is 10,000 compared to my millions of people in new york city. The dean advised that I get a job by, you know, take a break from, it takes some time away from school because my grades were kind of failing. Um And then when I realized that I had to be, I had to be back in school in six months or else I'm going to have to start repaying my paying off the loans. I Yeah, and so then it's been four years for me to almost pay it off
force decision ever. I do want to go to community college, I'm learning my lesson at least. Um But it's
interesting.
here
here that um because my mom is a home health aide and she's thinking about becoming a nurse, But she's looking at which programs and when I hear about how you can become a nurse in 16 months or 18 months from like or like to get to get like certain credentials. Mm I'm really surprised.
Great.
I heard, I heard the analogy of having a bachelor's degree now is kind of like having a high school diploma like years ago um brian that's just the norm. I wasn't able to find any jobs, although I do suffer from pretty bad anxiety, so I'm I'm kind of I'm kind of glad that I can do online schooling. Um but I do value traditional learning. I do need to be in a class and be emerged, but and it's even more difficult with a Biology degree,
so
I'm not sure, I'm not sure how that's going to happen because there's like speculation that covid and everything our lives are going to go back to normal in a year, maybe two years. That's like, what are we gonna do like for
students at least? I don't know, it's really
confusing.
Right.
Thank
you.
you're right.
I I saw one video that um bipolar disorder and how there was there was a, so it's it's just it's just a video on Youtube for someone forgot to take um edit, someone forgot to take a bipolar pill and then they started having these illusions and these like nightmares and um it kind of reminded me of schizophrenia in a way and I've never had, I've
never
it's like I've never known anyone with bipolar disorder. How are your like like
when when it acts up? Like what is it what actually
is it?
I wonder what what in particular is keeping you like up or what's preventing you from sleeping? Um Like if there was like one simple answer, obviously I would hope that you would find a mhm.
Do you suffer from intense like attics because of it headaches or migraines?
Okay because my I had a friend and I know that the time is up so so interrupt me if you want to
just you know earlier.
um had a friend from California who suffered from really intense migrants and they put him on I think one of the most intense migraine medicines that actually I think it had like cocaine or something like that in it. Or I don't I don't remember, but it's like it's verified, you know? Um And it caused him to sleep for so many hours and he has never felt so rejuvenated before. Um But if you're not suffering from headaches and I guess that doesn't really something, you know? But I just I just I just found that I found that so interesting how um we're pharmacy, you can get away with putting a little bit of this and a little bit of that to help help people. And it's really old term. So it's just
it's
interesting.
No, but he does he does suffer and he used to suffer from, from insomnia, but now not so much.
Right. And then I did I did want to get into medicine, but for some reason, because of the bad stuff that has happened to me when I was younger, the idea of continuing like, but the idea this is going to sound really fun, uh like
helping, helping people, like either reproduce or something like that. I just, I just don't like the idea because bad stuff has happened to me and I wouldn't want it, I wouldn't want to wish, you know what happened to me to someone
else, right? So then I have so many like conflicting, you know, like, I love medicine, I adore medicine, I adore biology, and I adore chemistry, but you know, there are points where not where I'm thinking like, should I be helping humanity?
I don't know
yeah, because there's so much anguish that I have and um I don't know if you've done therapy, but I've I've been on and off therapy for about seven years and you know, it's it's like stepping stones, but it's really tough, it's really tough.
Well
I cannot believe that you do not have Children. That's insane. That's because I was I was just on I don't know if you know about the social platform named breaded but there are uh read it, it's like it's like twitter almost but there's different like communities and there's one community for childfree, it's just called Child Free Um and there are people that are 6070s 80s with no kids and put um but they talk about the backlash that they get from their from their parents and from everyone that they know saying why don't you have kids
specifically for women because it's expected?
Uh you might you might relate with with some of the people um
Right um mm do you did you get did you get a lot of slack from your parents about your decision to my kids or to not even date
because dating is worth nothing?
I'm sorry to hear
that.
Well
it was it was also incest but thankfully it was my dad. Mm.
mm It's it's a lot more common than people think. And
is it is
that one in every three? Do you know do
you know the statistics for boys
seven aka? Um
I understand
Um I have heard that the G spot is for for men is a menace but obviously if it's like for sex and it's probably not going to be that enjoyable. Um I think I I love the topic of although I'm not a fan of kids to be honest but I do like the topic of child abuse and how we can potentially reverse it and how we can uplift our youth and make them understand that what's happening to them isn't necessarily, it's really common. It's unfortunate, it's really common, but um there are ways to like talking about your feelings and whatnot and um I think I think for me, I got I got I got stuck in this like sexual cycle loop because kids victims of rape, they can become hyper sexual because it's like the only thing that they know. Um
so that's what happened to me. And I thought, well if it's supposed to feel good, then I guess I should be with nine. Um, but then, but now I'm just regarding my decisions, it's so completing its feeling
He does, we actually met online, we used to play a video game and then, um, And then he decided to visit me during Christmas time of 20 16 and then february. I decided to move, I brought my dog and my cat and, and but it just didn't work because uh his family, uh they're muslim and they kind of, I'm a hispanic woman and they were
alienating me. I did try to learn about Islam and whatnot, but it just became too much. So your, your spirit typical, like my, my mother in law hates me and then I just, I just got, I got, I got right, you did pack my bags one day because in Islam you're supposed to be really conservative and I think I
went
to like a beach party one day and I had these shorts and she hated it. She packed all myself had through my suitcase out like in front of their yard. It was a horrible,
but I'm glad that um actually it was difficult because I was trying to run away from my, I was trying to run away from new york city from my home because because of what happened to me um with my brother um and go into California and being alienated. It just, it kick started the generalized anxiety disorder that I know how, and my third, I think my psychiatrist thought that maybe I might have pTSD, but I recall her saying that a therapist needs to diagnose you with PTSD
or something, so I have to wait until I get another therapist because currently we can't see therapists, or at least not for me under my health
health insurance. Um But then coming back from California, I guess I started having, like, separation anxiety because it was the only thing that I ever like, he's the only person that I ever knew, I don't know, I feel like I'm like in a therapy chair, you know, like this.
But did you did you feel like because it is sure that you felt a void in your life because you didn't have your father figure? How did you, how did you supplement? Uh
It's
What's unfortunate?
True. Does
it?
Oh yes I do. I I live with my mom ah
Good.
Um there was a time when she didn't believe my accusation and same thing with my dad. I think I think the reason why she didn't believe it is because I waited so long to talk about it um because maybe it's maybe it's a typical of females but we just internalize things um
with with with any trauma and waiting
definitely. Um I became the type of, I became socially, I remember not talking to anyone and I think that did hinder my family, you know my relationship with my um maternal sisters, half sisters um and my dad doesn't believe me uh which is really unfortunate and he actually talks to me about uh huh the person, you know? Um so it's really tough, it's
my dad, no I I
uh no I do, I do um but actually we're in the same household but thanks to therapy yeah but thanks to therapy, I've been able to You know, come to terms
you know and he'll you
it's 100 um but um uh yeah it's it's just I don't know what, I don't know what to feel.
I definitely see myself in your situation in the future when I'm financially able to just because it'll feel like just removing so much off my shoulders.
I
hope so too. Um Actually there is a there's a um do you did you meditation at all?
Um there is a, there's a lot of Youtube videos where they play like these high frequency sounds and they're lovely. Um It's good for meditation, but it's also good if you just want to wind down. I
took a screen cap of one comment. Um I just want to read it to you because it's such a it's such a sweet comment. Um and this is just by user who was listening to the, to the video. You put this away. It sounds, I wish you forget who already forgot you. I want you to close the doors that no longer lead you anywhere and open a window. Hope I wish that you do not carry guilt and that you forgive yourself and forgive other people's mistakes. I wish you smiles and laughter. I want the strong wind to hit your face and remind you that you are alive. I wish she warm hugs from those that are not forgotten a lifetime. I wish you unforgettable new memories. I wish you strength to bear the inevitable and above are. I wish you love in abundance. Mhm.
I
love it so much. Okay.
I do. I do. I do. I send it to my friends when they were having a bad day. Um
Okay. I need to eat my I guess dinner. It was lovely talking to Sarah. Okay. All right, have a good day.