but
Okay. Okay. So we're gonna talk for like 20 minutes down there? Uh huh.
Over
there.
Yeah, I did the same conversation I think like one or two weeks ago to he's on us, wow.
Yeah. Where are you looking right now? Mhm.
I feel you
Uh Yeah, I just uh it's probably not that serious, right. It's just like bringing a lot today though about it. Uh huh.
I'm
not
For
him.
All
Yeah, I got you. Yeah, I was actually in new york like two weeks ago for a week.
New york city. Are you in new york city
or a different place?
Okay. You're saying Albany right now? Okay. Yeah, I was like in Long Island City like let's go. Yeah. Yeah, not too bad house Albany, I've never been there.
Yeah. How much going on there? Right. Or even less? Yeah, everything gets like shut down and stuff. Yeah,
it's probably that probably better than other places because I think there are very strict at the beginning, so and everyone probably follows the rule, pretty pretty good there. So then they're starting to reopen when I went there, like restaurants are starting to have outside and I know it's everyone wear face masks so it's like probably a lot better than let's say California texas and florida because I think they were so strict, they were hit really hard at the beginning um like and they said like they were here in the ambulance like every day, but now it's like completely
like back back to normal I think getting there, you know? But there's a lot less people outside. I don't think I'm better normal, but I think most of it because they follow the rules is probably now it's probably less cases than other states. Yeah, that's what it seems like to me. Uh
And
I think the majority of people, but I feel like other states, I don't know, I could divide that texas, People don't wear like to refuse to, you know, a lot of places there too independent and once you know. Yeah.
And
big deal. Yeah. Yeah, they're just like really independent I guess. I don't like to be told what to do. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Yeah. So you're so you've been in new york your whole life?
you working right now, are you in school?
I
can imagine if you're doing this the whole day. Uh
Go
on.
man.
Rachel, How
do you find this job?
we're
going to
That's cool. That's a good deal then.
Um Right now I'm in school. Yeah.
Yeah, so I'm about to graduate here um and uh we'll take the next May,
so I'm starting right on dentistry. Yeah, so it just came back from clinic earlier today, it was raining so I got all drenched and stuff.
Yeah, we were like a lot of more stuff now because of Covid, like we have to wear like two masks, like a face shield and put our hair and then we have to wear like everything on top of our schools which were a gown and stuff and cover our shoes, so it's like completely like covered. Yeah, because before Covid was not like that,
Yeah. True that true that
it's like hard to like see and breathe and stuff, you know? Yeah. It's like, it's horrible.
I'm right.
I want to,
mm hmm.
All
Okay. Hopefully. Hopefully. Uh huh. So what do you like to do? Like you have any hobbies?
Order
so people will pay you to write certain things then? Okay.
This
british ship.
Like
the
paragraphs,
Okay. Right. Oh, nice. So good. That sounds pretty show you like gossips. All right. So it's like, it's kind of like you look up gossip and just write about it,
looking
up already. Like looking it up already, you know? So that's pretty
where.
I'm
here.
It's not really, yeah.
pretty much state.
Whoever is cheating on whoever and you know, stuff like that
or
that's what sells like sex drugs and alcohol. Mm.
that's pretty cool. You know a lot of good jobs and pretty chill job.
huh.
Um I like to like watch a lot of Youtube videos.
I like to read um play the violin and a lot
of like working out playing basketball like goodness I'd like to be active, you know, stuff like that. Usually
people
now
You run 10 miles a day,
four miles a day. Oh shit, okay. Where you going?
that just helps you, right. Oh.
Um So I usually just go to the gym, lift weight
and then now the basketball courts are closed. I haven't been able to, you know? But I also have been just running that's like pretty much the may exercise right now. Yeah. Yeah. So you like walk like, is it just like the same Back and forth? There's like five miles during the five miles back type of thing or the
what?
unpleasant.
Person
night.
All right here.
flip.
it's getting getting strong.
Um I usually bench like uh with the plates so you can go like Max 23250s from around there.
Yeah, because I used to do powerlifting to, I'm like, you know, the straps and all that stuff. Yeah. Now I'm just mostly just doing um not too much power. Not like I'm not trying to lift like the motivate now, it's like more just to maintain my physique. Oh yeah, I think when I was younger I was trying to lift as much, I think when you're young you want to impress people and shit now, I'm
like I just want to get into getting old and shit, you know?
I'm getting around can. Yeah, I gotta go to bed early. Yeah. Uh huh.
that's okay. It's good. It's healthy. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like Covid actually changed my
like
drinking habits, like I used to drink
a lot because of Covid, they closed down the liquor stores. Hillary, so I drink for like three or 4 months. Last week was the first time I bought a bottle of whiskey and then I drink it
all in one week. I think
it's oh no good, but ran out right now, so right now, so I'm sober now and sober for a while for a couple of days.
Well,
Oh yeah, you're
I mean,
Oh shit. How do you
make
history?
How do you make ice cream?
Oh you have ice cream maker is actually expensive or?
No
one
did
not.
Where?
You got the 12 bunch of one right now. Yeah. The 1201.
walking around
You get about one. Okay, so you probably life itself right at once. Can you make a lot of ice cream at once then?
Oh that's
Okay. That's pretty lit. Yeah.
Yeah especially yeah that's really convenient. I used to have like a bread machines that would also make my own bread. Probably pretty similar methods just put all the ingredients in there, steve it there and then
uh yeah I've been making it like pizza, that's what I've been doing the last couple weeks, let's make them out itself. Yeah, reach your ford yeah. Yeah.
Oka Oh nice, that's true.
Okay, that's nice. That's cool. I like that. Yeah, I really like talking to, it's like I didn't make everything from natural stuff, you know, process yeah try to avoid like pretty much don't by any process. So yeah, yeah the community had like a butcher next door and stuff. Get the fresh cuts of meat.
Yeah. Yeah, that's really nice. You kind of more live in the more rural areas. Yeah.
Okay. Do you guys eat the ducks? This is
for,
I would argue
now that
you want. Okay.
man.
thank
you.
Here's a
guy.
With the option of choosing,
there are
some things.
Oh man, that's
up.
Yeah. Yeah. You gotta do what you gotta do, you know?
Duck is usually for you. Have you eating duck before?
Yeah. Yeah. I really like it too. Yeah.
Look
eating pretty pretty nice. Some high end better than some humans. Okay.
you too. Yeah. I need to look into the ice cream stuff.
Oh yeah. I really like ice cream too. We'll take care.