mhm. Mhm Yeah. Okay, come on. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm Yeah, You can get that one out. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mhm.
Hello, how's it going? Good. I'm actually like literally like in another survey that was supposed to take like 10 minutes and it's been like half an hour right now. And I'm just literally like counting circles like this is the most boring thing ever.
for like 25 minutes. I did this like once before and it was like, It was like one guy just like talked about like how much he hated politics for like 25 minutes and I was like OK, OK Yeah,
it's
25 minutes. Like uh so you never buy
I mean it's easy money so it's like why not? You know,
I'm actually in new york. What about you?
Okay, so like are you like prepared for like the hurricane that's supposed to be happening?
it's probably going to, honestly he works like closer to the coast but like I don't
know
positions. Yeah, because I think like a tropical storm was moving in up north and then um, hurricane is coming from south. So I'm hoping that like the fronts will just like cancel each other out and then it's like,
and
we don't have to worry about that. Then it could go
back to being a super hot summer.
Cool, like new york city.
What?
It's so funny because I grew up on Long Island and then I moved to Rochester new york and then I moved to Albany, so I've been all over.
um there's not a lot going on in Albany. I live like just north of Albany. So like Saratoga Springs. So the only thing that we really have going for us is like horse racing. That's like the big thing every summer, everyone goes to the track reports racing except you know this summer because Covid and everything.
Yeah. Like why we're like, is it like bad in New york city? Because like you said, you were in New york city two weeks ago and I was like, oh my God, like, it must be like, terrible there.
No,
that's good. Like, are people still wearing masks over by where you are? Because
like, around here, like, everyone wears masks like, you don't
Like, I love like seeing on the news, like, grown adults
having like, temper tantrums, like themselves on the floor of like trader joe's and Costco, like, no, I don't wear a mask. It's like, just like, you can leave the store like.
Yeah, pretty much. Yeah.
Um I'm actually um I actually graduated with a degree in sign language and um I stopped doing it after a while just because I started getting like, carpal tunnel in my hands. It's like really like stressful on your body, even though like, you wouldn't think it, but it's
like,
yeah, if you're just doing this in front of your face, like for like eight hours a day, it's
like
you can't like you get home with the anything, you can't bend your fingers. So
I'm actually right now, I'm working for the census just because it's a really simple temp job and I get to like here and like, I have this really cool little government phone, if it beeps I answer because it's people who are out in the field who are like, I have a question about something, I'm like cool, what's your question? So I literally get paid to sit on my butt eight hours a day and just
Like I'm like
um I feel like like one of my friends in California actually signed up for it and then I looked into it and it was like they were just hiring people randomly. So it's like, I mean the thing I saw was like set your own hours and I was like, well I don't really want to like work all day. So yeah, if I just get in a few hours a night, you know, that'll be cool. And then they told me and they're like, do you want to be a supervisor? We think you'd be a good fit
and
I'm like does it pay more? And they're like, yeah actually it does and you get to work from home and I'm like, oh yeah sweet. Sign me up for that, I want that.
Yeah. What do you do?
You're cool.
Oh cool. What do you study?
No. Did you really have to wear like scrubs and stuff for your trip and all that stuff like?
Yeah like it's like the same thing with like interpreting like I'm so glad I kind of got out of that because I used to do it at a technical college and like now there's no more college, there's no more school or anything. So it's like how if you like there's like even doctors appointments are cancelled, so anything that you would interpret is like gone, like all my friends that are still working or like everyone's out of work, everyone's unemployed and sign language is mostly freelancing so it's like luckily everyone still needs to go to the dentist.
Yeah that sounds so obnoxious, wearing all the masks and the facials because correctly people's face now like.
like uh that was that's a sound like I don't like the dentist. Like I'm not like one of those people that like, freaks out when they go to the dentist. I just don't like the drily thing that they do in the gums because I've
terrible gums. This is literally the highlight of my day, using me telling a stranger on the internet, I have terrible government issues. But yeah, so I have like, I've always had issues with gingivitis. And so um turns out I actually I don't even know where I was going with this. I actually did not go to the dentist for seven years because all
I was away for college, and then afterwards I was freelancing, so I don't have dental insurance, there was no reason for me to go. So then when I did have health insurance was like, I should probably go to the dentist. And I had like, no cavities. And they were like, oh, aside from the gingivitis, just like you're fine. So like, okay, that's good. I like see you in six months and I'm like, yeah, see you in six months or like another seven years and now with all this covid stuff I was saying I was like, it's about that time again. I think it's like last like april june and that I was supposed to go and I was like, yeah,
it's gonna be seven years again, but at least
who played, I'll be fine.
Um I'm like, I like uh I like to write, I do it mostly like instead of as a hobby now, I do like this content writing on the internet. Like I like doing a lot of like just little odd jobs to earn money here and there, like tutoring. I just, I've always liked writing and like english and stuff like that. So I'm always
just like,
like I'm up like up work and fiber and things like that. You just like submit proposals to people who are like, I'm looking for people to write this like, okay, I will tell you this because you're stranger on the internet and you don't know me, I have not told any of my friends this, but I literally just got hired to be little hired independent contracting to be a writer for a celebrity gossip blog, Right? Like it pays
pretty
well. So it's like, they pay you like $5 per article, so it's not that much, but each article only has to be like 400 words and they want
10
weeks.
So right? So it's like, I can just like sneeze it out and submit it and then just be like totally fine. But it's like, it's one of those like trashy, so it's like kind of like a TMZ like things, so I'm not telling anyone about this and this, this little could be my little sidekick. And then it's like, it's like, it's so funny because like, the interview was literally asking me like, oh, like to see like how interested you really are in like, social media, like what are the name of kim Kardashian's kids? And I was like, I think there was North and google help me. There's a Chicago, but there's a Chicago. Yeah, Chicago. Yeah, totally. You know, I'm just Yeah,
right, Like that's
what
All right. But I feel like the hardest part is gonna just be like staying on top of stuff, you know what I mean? Because
like, because like, I don't usually pay attention to gossip for celebrities or things like that, so I don't really like, like, I don't watch MTV or things like that like most like into things I am is when everyone was talking about like Tiger King on netflix and
I was like
what is going on? I need to jump in on this because everyone's talking about it. So it's like plus li everything you like social media like oh someone some celebrity couple broke up and it's like people in E. W. And everybody already picked up on that already. So it's like trying to make an angle on that. Really
if you want like sexy bikini shots of celebrity on beaches and then right
it's like
right like waiting for
taylor swift to like go out with her brother so everyone can say that it's a new boyfriend or something like that,
so it's like that's gonna be fun.
huh. Yeah, so I looked just like keep busy. What about you? What do you like to do when you're not a
student
at home?
nice,
Cool. I'm
like 10
miles a day.
I walked 10 miles
Um I like while I write and stuff or do research for articles, I literally walked back and forth on my street.
Like what exercise do you do?
What?
there
is around my block, I live in a really rural area, so there is a really block, but I don't really, my street is flat, but then there's like a hilly, really up and downhill pleasing. So sometimes I do walk because that is five miles, so I'll do that like twice, or sometimes if I'm really in an article just walking uh walk back and forth, actually
have like it's so funny. I have my gym, my home gym set up right here. I'm like, I'm not very my shoots of savage that this is
actually my
workout short right now.
I'm kind of scrawny. Like I literally like, weigh about £100 soaking wet, but I just did £60 in my chest press today. So yeah,
I'm very excited about that, like, yeah.
How much can you bench?
I was gonna say it's probably a lot more than me. Yeah.
All
oh my gosh, like I pulled, I pulled an all nighter recently just with one of my friends had a bad breakup, so they wanted to just talk all night. So I was like up with them all night long and I was like, oh my gosh, how did I do this so much when I was in college? Like, I'm dying,
I go to bed at like 99 30 at night and then wake up at five, I'm like, oh girl, I'm not even 30 and I'm a boring old person,
how
are you?
correct.
my
Oh my gosh, that's crazy
for a couple of days. Yeah, that's how it always works. Like if you're ever in new york, you should totally hit up like the Adirondack wineries because I am a huge, I'm not a huge wine drinker, I'm
a huge ice cream eater and I look like an ice cream. So
I went and went up to the Adirondacks not too long ago and I bought like every single fruity flavor of wine, like black
cherry and blueberry and green apple. And I have been making like nonstop ice cream.
Why do
you always
want?
Okay, so um get like, okay, two cups of heavy cream, one cup of milk and then like half a cup of sugar and then like half a cup to a cup of wine and then throw in a nice screen maker.
Um You can get a cheap one for like 50 bucks from cuisinart. That'll work fine. But I like my christmas present to me was I super splurged on an ice cream maker that um actually I was over in uh italy like a few years ago and there was a little shocked there that had this ice cream maker by a company called Lello. And it was like the cutest little thing. Like it was a little, it was literally like probably that like that big and like that, like probably like a little bit of the microwave. So basically there was just a little tub in there and then you just pour the ice cream in the tub and you twist like the little propeller blades on and then screw on the top. And then you just put a plastic cap on just to keep the holding. And then you just press the button, then you set press another button for cold and then another button for to turn it And it just, it starts churning and then with a within 20 minutes and some the bowl is right up against the motor freezer side thing right after because like a cuisinart, you have the bowl that you take out and put in the freezer and put it back. So then there's space between the freezer bowl and the side of the thing. But this way there's no extra space, it's just right up against it. So it freezes it really cold and it turns it really well and it was probably about 700 bucks. Yeah. But there was there is another model that's more commercial that's a step above the one that was like $1200.
And
I was
like
I want it. And then I was like, yes, I know you want it, but you're only making it at home. Like you're not making
itself so you don't mean a huge one. But.
No, I only have a 701. I do. Like if anything happens to my 701,
I'm like then I'll get the 1201.
Oh yeah. Like I make like make it like for the week. Like I just like I make it and then it just
sits in the freezer and then I like scoop it out every night. Like
you're right. It's awesome.
What?
I actually, I actually cook a lot because I'm actually Celia so I can't have gluten. So this I literally make everything myself, like I make my own almond milk, I make my own pork Rhines. Like literally I go to a butcher down the street and I buy pork skin, like a pound of port, and then I unfold it and I cut it up and then you boil it, then you take it out, you throw it in the fridge, you let all that fat accumulate, you scrape off all the fat 13 a dehydrator, and then you take it and then once it's all nice and like tiny little crisps, you throw it in the fryer and then boom, they pop up,
right? Like I make everything under the sun. Like I make my own bread out of almond flour, psyllium husks and like flax seeds and I mix that with like, egg whites and vinegar and then that makes it rise and get super nice.
that's nice.
I actually um I actually live on a farm. Um I have um I'm so glad he's not barking. I have a huge Samoyed puppy. Um He's literally like a little white wolf, like he's literally like this tall already and he's just, he's such a bundle of energy, but like with the red and stuff, I like brought him inside and he's just been like going nuts in his crate. Um and then I have to Guinea pigs and then I have over 30 ducks and chickens and roosters and drinks. That's like that.
that's
actually a great question because I haven't eaten any of the ducks that I've raised yet because we had
batch, there was
March,
March 17 and April 10. We had two different batches that we started raising and one of the docks he tripped going into the pool. And it sounds funny to watch a trip and fall face forward into a pool. But the bad news is he sprained his ankle and
in spraining his ankle, the swelling went up to his knee and now he's kind of limp and it's a male duck a
drink.
And so male ducks serve only one purpose and that's the court a female ducks, the female ducks don't like to be courted. So the male ducks have to jump, chase them down and jump on their backs in order to court them. Um he can't do that. So he's basically kind of useless
as
far as the male ducks are concerned. So it's like I have two options now, I literally have two options. One is to just kill him and you know two is to just sort of like bring them inside and make them comfortable and just keep them safe until he eventually goes because the infection might get him my third option is to chop off his leg three D. Printed. You want to go and switch them out? Yeah.
Um I'm choosing d I'm postponing my options
to see
what you get worse because either like chopping off his head and then eating him or just like chopping off his leg. Like I might accidentally kill him trying to switch the legs and then we'll move from C. To A. But like I don't know if I could do that like because I raised him literally since uh he was a baby. Like my face was the first face that he saw so it's sort of like oh yeah come here yeah petting you, petting you. Yeah
so
yeah I don't know if I could do that.
Yeah. So I mean if he's not gonna make it anyway, then it's like, well at least that's dinner for a little while. Yeah.
Oh yeah, yeah. I loved up. It's really tender
actually, just the other day at the store I saw there was a £15 lamb leg, so I was like, I'm gonna have lamb in forever so I cooked it and no joke. There's like £15 of lamb in my refrigerator that I cooked
and I'm just like, I don't know what to do something. Like I'm giving it to the dog, I'm just throwing it to the chicken. So I'm like, do you like this?
right. But like we have like that wouldn't buy super quick actually. We only have like one minute left. Yeah, cool. It was cool talking to you, Good luck, dentistry school and everything like that,
totally do it like.
Yeah, take care. Bye.