SPEAKER_L: Yeah just Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: are you? I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Are we talked about
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: for collect oops, okay, cool.
SPEAKER_L: started time around my watch
SPEAKER_R: I just started my little cube time birthday.
SPEAKER_L: I get like how many of these have you done?
SPEAKER_R: Three
SPEAKER_L: Yeah this is my 3rd 1 So far so far. I've gotten lucky and haven't had anything where someone didn't show up but you always have that 30 seconds where he set up, it's like is anyone gonna show up on the other end?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yesterday was the first time I had somebody not show up And then I just found out like 15 minutes ago that I had one like right now. So
SPEAKER_L: I signed up. Yeah I had one
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: last night and I signed up again and they're like oh we have one for you. Tomorrow is like okay not
SPEAKER_R: You know they, they changed the maximum to six. I think it used to be four. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I just I just signed up for like a week and a half ago. So this is the first round I've been on. It's definitely success round so but
SPEAKER_R: So where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Cincinnati. Ohio
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. I'm in queens new york.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Yeah. Friend who also does the prolific things and he actually had didn't have anyone show up the first time. I was like so I was joking with him when I was waiting for my first person. Like, I wonder if they're just paying us to see what happens
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: when,
SPEAKER_R: long the wait? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: how long have you been? What happens when you do? Where is your attention? What are you doing? Excuse what?
SPEAKER_R: I was I was playing with my cat yesterday, so I mean if they were watching me it was pretty boring.
SPEAKER_L: See I have all kinds of options because I I because I'm in my walk in closet recording space. So it's like, I have my harmonicas have a banjo and my guitar, I have
SPEAKER_R: that's not cool.
SPEAKER_L: I have all kinds of options. Like within Arm's Rage,
SPEAKER_R: That's me. So you've got your own kind of little recording studio in there?
SPEAKER_L: yep. That's the that's the that's the call.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's like, I have a laptop
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: stand that like, I normally for harmonica stands for this is like, oh, I can actually use it for lap laptop stand and have everything at the right height because it's like, I I have a setup that I use for, like, if I'm going to do live streaming shows, but that, but like I have like a popcorn tin on top of two tables and it works perfectly for being zoomed out enough to see the guitar. But like for this, like you don't need this much space. So like, so like I had it back there just a little bit. I was like, okay, I'm gonna figure out a way to get this laptop, like two thirds of innocents. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I actually I got a ring light but because of my glasses, I look it looks bizarre and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: under I understand.
SPEAKER_R: feel kind of guilty. I mean all I'm doing really is like talking to my friends or there's this one like he's a former federal prosecutor who does this stuff online and uh he has like these little talks every week, so I just haven't like gotten the whole thing set up for that because I mean, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I was debating getting a ring light
SPEAKER_R: quickly
SPEAKER_L: for like some videos and stuff, but like, you know, the overhead closet like has been working out pretty well for what I've needed it for. But yeah, good to know that it messes with glasses.
SPEAKER_R: it does. Unless um I got a ring light with a like a super long stand so I could put it like way up over my head and that seems to help a bit. But it's really kind of like for me, for my purposes, it's like, you know, it doesn't really, I'm not making videos for other people will see. I'm you know
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: it's like the streaming site that I go on, like, you know, it's basically a live thing and then it goes United States up for 24 hours. So it disappears after that, which gets rid of a lot of the pressure to try to make it perfect Because it's like I, you know, I was like, I have a tendency where I wanted to make sure every single thing is perfect to the point of I never actually get anything done, anything done and it's like if I if I know it's only gonna be for 24 hours then I don't worry about it as much.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. What, what,
SPEAKER_L: It's called
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: ST
SPEAKER_R: services
SPEAKER_L: elie
SPEAKER_R: it's called? What?
SPEAKER_L: grape jelly and
SPEAKER_R: I've never heard of it, so it must be cool.
SPEAKER_L: what's cool, what's cool about it is that like, they actually
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like you're actually allowed to do covers because they actually do all the ascap and BMI licensing, so
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: they actually have you put up your set list so that they can get all the things and so if you're playing original music then you can actually get paid a little bit for, for it for playing original songs, as long as you have them actually registered.
SPEAKER_R: That's very cool though, that they set everything up for you to do covers that.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's why I do it on that because like I put stuff up on Youtube, you know, in college for like a year and a half or I did a video every week and it just end like, I think they only tried to send me copyright things on like one of them and it's like, you know, I was just doing it for purposes of trying to put stuff out there. But yeah, I don't feel like messing with us. It just, it turns it like, you know, like the whole music copyright thing is a mess and it just turns into a whole thing. It's just like, you know, if I can just figure out ways to make it easier to deal with, that's much better to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you you're you're allowed to do what is it? 10 seconds of a song without paying or something like that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: That's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: using it for some and it's, you know, it's like I was reading something the other day because I'm signed up for a bunch of newsletters from, you know, different places because I keep finding different sites over the years. But one of them, I was like, oh, so if you're actually so facebook actually won't complain if you're doing covers, as long as you're performing them and you aren't using any sort of backing tracks or anything. Like you say that I'm not like, you know, it's like, it's become more of
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a thing where it's like, I've honestly been surprised there's not been more of a backlash of facebook trying to take everything down with all the musicians moving to facebook live, right? You know, it's like some people, you know, some people just do originals and so like, you know a lot of, you know a lot of the like bigger and more famous people are primarily doing originals but it's like a lot of the you know smaller local people because all end up just doing covers for the most part and some originals. And it's like I'm really surprised there has not been a significant backlash from facebook over that because it's like, you know, it's like you start because it's like there's definitely a um think of facebook being very draconian and trying to take things down and just everywhere being very draconian and it's like I'm really surprised it's actually made a few song,
SPEAKER_R: I think once they get through um the full court press with the election, they'll probably start looking back at you know, other things like music and other stuff like that again. Because like right now it's just you know, full craziness about that. I mean I I actually um I started my own business after the first women's March because I made my own protest signs and stuff and people like them. So I ended up making my own Etsy store and stuff, but
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: so when I would I would try to put an ad on facebook and because they're anti trump, I you know they wouldn't let me do it and so then I went through this like months long process and it's me, I'm like a one person shop right? But um so they made me go through this process, it took a few months like through snail mail
SPEAKER_L: Ancient,
SPEAKER_R: and all this other stuff to get approved to do ads. So I finally did one ad and you know they say they targeted, they're like oh let us do targeting. So I did a B I did one with my own targeting and one with theirs and the one with there's I got so much pro trump stuff telling
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: me what to do with myself and you know all of that like I couldn't believe it, it was so bad so it's just after all those months it just wasn't worth it and now I'm sure if I tried to even put a ticket on there, they would like freak
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: I thought about it, they just blast you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, exactly. And then um one design I have which is just called uninstalling trump and it's like it's like a windows box that says
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cute.
SPEAKER_R: the system is corrupt. This might take a while and I carry it like every protest
SPEAKER_L: plus
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like
SPEAKER_L: amazing.
SPEAKER_R: that. Thanks um the trump campaign actually went to red bowl where I was putting some of my t shirts and stuff on there and they made them take it down. They said that I
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: was violating their
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: copyright and trademark. Now Maga isn't trademark, somebody's tried to trademark it but they haven't trademark it trump can't copyright his last name because like so many other people unfortunately for them have the same last name, so and I had copyrighted it myself, but you know, there was no way red bubble is going to go up against, you know, trump's campaign lawyers. Right? And so, but so what I did was I made all these stickers out of it and I gave them out every protest I went to and I'd be like here trump hates this here, you know? And so I've been like carrying in everything ever since then. But I like in my whole shop is basically 99% anti trump stuff and people don't believe it when I tell them like, look, I put this shop together hoping that it will all be obsolete the day after the election. You know, and then I'll tell you something else because people are like, oh, you must really hope that he wins again. And I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: no, are
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you kidding me? Good. And you know, my uh, the name of the, of the shop is fighting words, designs and I said, look, I got plenty other fighting words. I like, I want to go back to being sarcastic like I just, you know, I was never politically involved before. And now I've been out registering voters and you know, volunteering.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like, you know, it's like I always had a tendency where I didn't want to like go to politically involved with all my music and you know, and then, you know, then the day after the election, you know, I just snapped it like no to like
SPEAKER_R: Well you
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: all in on this now.
SPEAKER_R: everybody who talked to me about like when I was going to start the store and everything, um, was like, no, don't, don't do anything, you know, and if you do, you should do pro trump stuff too. So you appeal to people, but you know, you don't want to upset people so don't do things that are offensive. And I was like,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: know what,
SPEAKER_L: people be upset.
SPEAKER_R: like what? First of all if I were doing something that I didn't believe in, it destroys it for me, it just reaches all of the joy out of it. It's like every time I would try to do S Ceo or this or that the other I would get so bogged down and I'd be like oh my god and I couldn't stand it. So finally after a few years everybody's outrage has caught up to mine and actually buying stuff because they're all you know like I knew he'd be bad, I had no idea, I had no idea about,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like, you know, it's like, I remember,
SPEAKER_R: I was just
SPEAKER_L: you know, watching the election results rolling, stolen home and like, you know when I went out 12, it's like you would, you know, it's just like you just have your heart drop because it's like you didn't, you know, you didn't know how bad it was gonna be, but you know, it's going to be pad like there was no way it wasn't like.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean the day after the election I was out on the street I went into Manhattan for I can't remember for what reason and I'm just walking down the street like everybody looked shell shocked like we were all just looking at each other like oh my god, like you knew everybody was thinking the same thing, It was it was crazy. So um yeah it's just that and now the people like that I protest whether you know my sort of my friends who were activists, well just like, oh my god. Yeah, like what are we gonna do? So
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's like, it's like
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: one of the things I've been
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: doing is like, um so I so I was doing a weekly original song for a while and then like, I sort of ran out of things and then I ran out of ideas because like, if I have things planned out well in advance, it goes a little bit better. And if I'm trying to kind of come up with things like the day before, it's not going to go well. So it's like, so like, so like, you know, it's like every year or so, I like try a new tactic of putting something up somewhere else. And then, and then eventually, and then I would give it like six months. I'm like, yeah. So like, and like, I was going to restart putting stuff up over, you know, a couple of months ago and then I was and then like, you know, with all the protests, everything over the summer, I like I start I had a few songs, I was like, you know what? No, we're starting this now. I have an idea, I'm gonna I'm gonna record it, you know? And then it fell off for another couple for another month or so. But then like, you know, we feel I had this I had this already about the fly from the debate. You know, it was like when I was about to record it and then my computer died and I took it in and the motherboard was bad. So it's like I have a whole bunch of backup music stuff, like I'm finally going to get up this weekend. But it's just like, but it was like, I had a perfect song and it was politically relevant at the right time. And then I was like, well I'll get it up sometime.
SPEAKER_R: I did I did a design about herd mentality, that herd mentality like and it said don't don't let it scare you wrong and it has like this cock I bowl thing and it was like, I don't know, maybe topical for about two seconds and I don't get anything out of it. But it was still fun to, it was still fun to do it.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: so fun one like you know it's actually
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: motivate because I hadn't written anything going. So I was really and like you know, and then I just woke up and I had this line about to fly And you know, I was like okay well this is a banjo song if I ever heard one. Because
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: where do
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: banjo?
SPEAKER_L: I have, I have one of my like one of the other song example, I primarily do guitar but I really like band and I want to do more of it. But like I have this banjo song. So I went to college in the middle of Iowa and I wrote this song about corn. Oh Banjul.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: And so like that that is my banjo song. And so now I have another band or song I was like okay I need to figure out things I can do to actually make this sound different than the other one because that's always the thing. It's like I try to not make everything down the same and one of the ways I do that is just switching instruments you know it's like if I get into a songwriting, if I try to switch instruments like a lot of times at least can't get into the same right? I can get in this particular to that instrument. But you know it's better than ending up with the same few things because like different things work better on different instruments.
SPEAKER_R: Well they have different sounds to all the yeah. Yeah, that's that's neat. That's a really, that's really cool. I mean I don't play an instrument. I took, I took piano but I mean I sucked um so I stopped doing that. I wanted to learn drums, but that was like, not in the cards for me. And I have like no rhythm at all, you know? So I would, I would totally suck at that. But, but that's, that sounds really, really neat. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: and then we're another
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: fun
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: being you know.
SPEAKER_R: there was something like, which is every day, right? It gives me, I get new ideas just off of whatever fresh hell is coming out of the news. But, and that keeps me from getting to like dejected, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well one of the other one of the other things, one the other aspect for like doing it. So my music, I put up under the unamused cracking,
SPEAKER_R: Under what?
SPEAKER_L: the unamused cracking, you know? And I have and like, so I just took it from good omens by terry pratchett.
SPEAKER_R: I loved good omens. That was an awesome show.
SPEAKER_L: because there's a little bit in the middle about the crack and the crack and is not amused. I saw like that was the best band name if I ever rolling and I've I've been used it for 10 years and it is the only like I am the only person on the internet who actually used it and so like I've been using and but
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: this whole name. I also draw a little crackers to go along with all the songs.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, that's me. No.
SPEAKER_L: So like I have like I have one with like the fly sitting on the head where the cracker just looking up like okay, fly.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Unamused cracking. I'm actually, I'm writing that down
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, there should be a song about the fly coming up this friday. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And you and your, but you're all, you're doing that on the thing that I've never heard of, right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. The music, the songs I'm putting up on SoundCloud
SPEAKER_R: Sound club.
SPEAKER_L: but like if you google on um used crack and I am the only thing that shows up
SPEAKER_R: Cool, I will do that.
SPEAKER_L: kind of like, you know because you know because because I have everything interconnected like I'm some point, I'm going to redo my website soon but it's like, you know, it's like I have the youtube and facebook and twitter and instagram like all the codex back together and I try to post everything everywhere. I used to use google plus back when I was
SPEAKER_R: I mean. Oh my God. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I work with.
SPEAKER_R: I I like never, you know what, it was a really interesting sort of community like because I was writing a lot of, I was just doing like a humor blog and everything
SPEAKER_L: Wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: I've done
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: was humor oriented before, the whole election thing. It's still human oriented, but now it's like anti trump humor oriented, so
SPEAKER_L: Now it's quickly humor oriented.
SPEAKER_R: And so it was a really great sort of um had great communities like writers communities and stuff. But there's part of me where I feel like if I discuss what I'm thinking of too much, it dissipates the energy to actually do it and I feel like I'm not like a joiner type of person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was I was actually reading something about that the other day and the basic point was you get the dopamine hit from talking about it and then you don't actually ever go do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really been that way for me with writing stuff, but but I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: only write really short stuff anyway, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like, you know, it's like I try to stay off of social media and like, the only reason why I keep most of it is to push out all the music stuff. So, but at the same time it's like, you know, it's like I try to get people, it's like here care about my stuff and then I never actually, and then it's like, but I need to actually get it out more and using more to tell people that it exists, but it's like, but at a certain point, like, I don't want to be spending my time putting things up on social media, spending my time actually doing things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I can't stand facebook really. I mean I only use I use things just to like sort of you know push like the new thing that I'm doing or to you know put up protest photos and stuff. So it shows that I'm like walking the walk as well as talking about but but it's like twitter I use because I'm like big on one liner, so if I if I see something I think of a one liner, I'll put it in there
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't do it enough that people will even pay attention and basically I'm one friend who likes everything I do, you know? And so that's like really depressing too because I'll write something that's
SPEAKER_L: it is,
SPEAKER_R: so funny and then nobody sees it
SPEAKER_L: Not,
SPEAKER_R: every once in a while I'll get somebody. Like I had rick wilson like one of my things and I had like Glenn Kirshner like when I was like oh my God, this is fantastic and then nothing. I mean what Like you know it's it's really cool for like five minutes and then you're like oh yeah and my life couldn't.
SPEAKER_L: so everything matters for one brief shining moment, it's like, oh no, it does.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. That's that's fair. That's cool that you're that you're doing music, that's really neat.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, you know, it's like I keep going on stuff on, you know, and it's like I keep going on stuff on and off because like I can't not do things for more than a month or two because it's like, you know, because like even when I wasn't putting much stuff up online, I was doing a bunch of open mics around here, so it's like one of them, so it's sam ash music stars for a while. But I think they like they stopped it like in the middle of last year and everyone was really sad, but they would give you a $10 gift card every week for showing up and played and played at the open mic
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: sam axe was even open anymore. All the ones
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: here I think died so one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's yeah, there's one that's like 15 minutes away from me, but so like now is the first, my thanks, I was getting a new guitar and like because my first guitar was a piece of crap, 100 and $50 thing that I got, you know, one of the cheap music stores. And so like the next snapped off. And so
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: like my dad quite nice stupidly. And I was like, you know, this is still playable but I'm not good. But you know, I need a guitar that's not gonna snapping out. Just like I still keep that around as a crappy guitar. It's like if I really want to make, you know, I really want to work something out and get my fingers a workout, I'll play because it's like impossible to play.
SPEAKER_R: If you really want to freak people out and open mic, you started and then just like act like you're freaking out and just smash it and I'll just break up and people will be like, oh my God, she's gone insane.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would've been perfectly good to dispatch, but not like it would've destroyed it anymore. Oh. But yeah, so it's like I went there for like five years every week. And so I just like got also like, I just got this whole music set up where I didn't have to pay for any of
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it. So it's just like, you know, like I had for the last couple years I was writing a new song every single week and like it kind of got to the point where I would run out of ideas and then I just kind of like throw something together as I was walking on stage and Improvise something and it usually involved about the same 10 words, but it sounded like music. Well, I, you know, so it's like, and I was like, I can't ever not do music for long, even if I like end up like being like, oh, I can't record, like being too much of a perfectionist about it. And but in the last few weeks I've gotten myself into a mentality where it's like, I'm going to at least get into my recording area and hit the record button once a day, even if it's not good because then I'm at least making myself think about making progress. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Absolutely. Hey do you have a cracking on the side of your face there?
SPEAKER_L: No, I just have really cool glasses.
SPEAKER_R: That is so cool. I thought Richard glasses, but then the way that the shadow is, it actually
SPEAKER_L: The number
SPEAKER_R: looks
SPEAKER_L: of people who asked,
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: freshman.
SPEAKER_L: I have a face tattoo is
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: almost
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: puts
SPEAKER_L: in everything.
SPEAKER_R: a cracking from from here. Does the curves of it.
SPEAKER_L: no more ladies. I, I spent so long trying to find interesting glasses because like my old ones had like little flower cutouts on the sides. But like, I know that my glasses normally only last four years and those who are at like six and 76 years and then seven years. I was like, I need to find something better. And then I was, um, was it like a musical or a show or something? And it was next, this lady had really cool glasses. Like where did you get those? And so there's a glass of story that basically just sells really funky glasses here. And so I went down there. I was like, and they didn't have these, but they had another similar pair and I was like, I like this, but I want them to be more blue. So,
SPEAKER_R: But so
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: far.
SPEAKER_L: so then I looked up the company online and I found that I was like, yeah, these are glasses. Like
SPEAKER_R: there needs
SPEAKER_L: occasionally my hair gets caught on them, but it's a small price to pay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: right. Like they're like, I am a big fan of these glasses.
SPEAKER_R: They look great. Yeah, I know
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: took
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: from from, from my, I thought they were that, but then when you were talking
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: about the crack and I was like like,
SPEAKER_L: but not like, you know, I have this whole this whole blue hippie thing going on and like, like I love my other glasses. But like, you know, they find, well, they finally died in my car, got stolen in my class and my old glasses were it back and forth. It's like okay, they live their eight year life. I have the I have the good glasses, it's fine. There's so another funny story about that is so I had this hat Or actually another hat of this look exactly the same that I've had for like 10 years and I was able to track it down on posh mark that someone had a similar one.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: And like I was like looking and like I finally remembered the brand name. Like I got it like packs on like 10 years. I was like, wait, I remember the brand name and then I pulled right up and it is actually the person listed
SPEAKER_R: It's the latter attack, is it?
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: It's not hat attack, is it
SPEAKER_L: No, it's not see from Pakistan, but like someone was selling the hat and it actually went out the same day to my car got stolen from across the country.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: So like, you know, so I was like, well this was meant to be my hat
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you lost the car
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you've got
SPEAKER_L: Turkey
SPEAKER_R: to have,
SPEAKER_L: Dora's are not easy to find.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I have one that's that's from hat attack. That's kind of like that. It's different. Like it's like a model sort of green thing that I really love. But um yeah, I have a bunch of fedoras and then um I stopped wearing them because like all the hipster people here, like not like you, but like, hipster hipsters, you know what I mean? Like we're not
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: hip but they're hipsters. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I understand
SPEAKER_R: I was like I can't wear it anymore. But also I'm like 55. So I'm like, am I trying to put on something? You know, I'm gonna start wearing them again. I'm intelligent.
SPEAKER_L: I have so many hats. Like I've always been a hat person
SPEAKER_R: Me too.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like I have so many hats.
SPEAKER_R: I had a woman in a store that I used to go to and only work on on the work for plastic surgeons on the upper east side for 15 years, that's like whatever. Um but this one place they had these awesome hats like for Doris and stuff and this woman tells me she goes you have a hat face and she's like, I don't mean that in a bad way. I'm like no, no, I understand what you mean like yeah, like I love hats, they're just awesome when I
SPEAKER_L: It's like I feel
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: weird
SPEAKER_R: a little girl.
SPEAKER_L: something on my head just like even if it's like too hot for a hat or like it's gonna fall off. Like I have a whole bunch of headband so it's like if I don't have something on my head, my head feels naked.
SPEAKER_R: You feel weird? Yeah, that's cool. I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: one of the masks that I've been wearing, I've been wearing one of those and 95 masks that wraps all the way around your head. So like the top thing is like up here, so I try to like jam it under a hat and hold it there. I've got to do the air ones because it's driving me
SPEAKER_L: what I do is so I have so I have a bunch of fabric ones because like, you know, I know tons of people there may be so like, I have the fabric ones that like, tie behind your head,
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: but like what I've done is is like because so I do food delivery. Like I did Door dash grubhub, like all the different apps. So it's like I'm in in and out of my car on your time today, but it's like, I don't want to keep it on for all eight hours if I'm in my car firstly. So I was like, what I did, I actually just tie the engine loop so I can put the loops in and out by my head. But like, I don't even have it around my ears. Like I just actually have it around my neck and just pull
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: happened
SPEAKER_L: up and
SPEAKER_R: down?
SPEAKER_L: down,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: work. It works well enough to stay on for however long I need needed to stay on and it like doesn't bug my ears, so, you know? But
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: every
SPEAKER_R: know. I
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: have to put it, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: have to put a hat on so that, you know, because it turns my ears down so I like have to jam it to keep my But yeah, I wear the I wear the medical ones because I mean I'm only a couple miles from Elmhurst Hospital in Queens where like the epicenter was for a while for the first way. That
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: was like so bad out here and also my husband 65 and he's got diabetes. So I'm just like, I finally got my first coronavirus test actually friday because I've been out registering voters and I've been,
SPEAKER_L: Did you get did you get the Nostril
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: 1?
SPEAKER_R: got both. I got, well they're two different natural ones. I got the one where they jam it into your brain for the rapid one. And then I got the PCR which is like just kind of swirly a swirling for your nose and luckily I was negative, but I just sort of freaked out like that. I was going to make myself sick or make my husband sick because I've been registering people and you know, I mean it's just if you're out it's, I don't know, it's a little scary, but it was a cold, it was just a cold,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was like I got I got one test 12 months ago because so I do aerials and aerial silks and circus stuff And so the studio that I go to, some some like someone who tested positive but was asymptomatic so that you know they send out a message to everyone but it's like and so you know, so I end up being but the thing was like it had already been 10 days, I had nothing like well go get tested. So like you know luckily that was negative and you know no one else from a studio ended up getting it
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: on that so you know, so even though the person in class for at least a couple of different days, like you know everything they had in place made made it such that no one else got it. So that was
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that is
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: that that was encouraging, but
SPEAKER_R: definitely, wow, you do aerial silks. Holy shit. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I try to keep an interesting life.
SPEAKER_R: you do, man. That's really cool. I can't imagine doing that, but I've always, you know whenever I've seen it, it's like it looks so sweet.
SPEAKER_L: well it's like I, you know the the studio that I go to has a bunch of different things, but that was my favorite and partially because one it's the hardest one that ever that no one else can stand it, like I like doing hard things and no one else can can do, I swam for 10 years and my event was the 200 fly, which is the hardest event that no one wants to do
SPEAKER_R: Is that the one where you go, like?
SPEAKER_L: well. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: no one likes it because it's difficult and it's like, and it's like one of the other thing is like, I'm very visual person into like, you know, I understand that a lot, a lot better than than like, so lira is like the big hoop, so like, I don't understand that at all. It's just like to make this pretty pose and you make this proposal just like, okay, so, and like, so just like you have to get these layers on, so you have this not and you have to have this not, and so like, you know, it's like you have to have this wrapped a certain way and like, it just makes a lot more intuitive sense to me.
SPEAKER_R: That's why I for a few years back when I was working for surgeons and I could afford it, I had this personal trainer who's I mean she was the coolest person. It was like getting therapy but also working out blossom. But so she told me I was backwards. Like if she gave me a simple thing to do like balance thing, I could not do it to save my life. But if she gave me a second thing, like holding something and then doing this other movie I could do it and she was like you are backwards. But I could I think it's also because it just didn't engage my brain enough that I would get awkward and not be able to do it. There's something about that like
SPEAKER_L: Like, no, I I think my brain, my brain, I think my brain does that too. I completely get it. Just like you you have to distract your brain enough to make it function,
SPEAKER_R: Yes exactly. That's that's that's really the best way to put it actually. Yeah. Oops. Oh we hit 30 minutes. Well you're so cool. I can talk to you all day like you you you're really awesome.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. I I really enjoyed this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean you're super easy to talk to and like there is never like a lag time or anything so. All right, well I guess we have to stop now, right? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's too bad. But it's so cool talking to you. I'm gonna check out the enemy's cracking. All right,
SPEAKER_L: cool,
SPEAKER_R: cool talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yep. You too, Bye.