Come on.
Hi, how
are you?
Good.
Are we talked about
for collect oops, okay, cool.
I just started my little cube time birthday.
Three
Yeah. Yesterday was the first time I had somebody not show up And then I just found out like 15 minutes ago that I had one like right now. So
what?
You know they, they changed the maximum to six. I think it used to be four. Yeah.
So where are you?
Okay, cool. I'm in queens new york.
How
long the wait? Yeah.
I was I was playing with my cat yesterday, so I mean if they were watching me it was pretty boring.
that's not cool.
That's me. So you've got your own kind of little recording studio in there?
That's cool.
What?
Yeah. I actually I got a ring light but because of my glasses, I look it looks bizarre and
also
feel kind of guilty. I mean all I'm doing really is like talking to my friends or there's this one like he's a former federal prosecutor who does this stuff online and uh he has like these little talks every week, so I just haven't like gotten the whole thing set up for that because I mean, yeah,
quickly
it does. Unless um I got a ring light with a like a super long stand so I could put it like way up over my head and that seems to help a bit. But it's really kind of like for me, for my purposes, it's like, you know, it doesn't really, I'm not making videos for other people will see. I'm you know
what?
That's cool. What, what,
what
services
it's called? What?
I've never heard of it, so it must be cool.
I
no,
That's very cool though, that they set everything up for you to do covers that.
Yeah. Are you you're you're allowed to do what is it? 10 seconds of a song without paying or something like that? Yeah.
That's ridiculous.
What?
I think once they get through um the full court press with the election, they'll probably start looking back at you know, other things like music and other stuff like that again. Because like right now it's just you know, full craziness about that. I mean I I actually um I started my own business after the first women's March because I made my own protest signs and stuff and people like them. So I ended up making my own Etsy store and stuff, but
so when I would I would try to put an ad on facebook and because they're anti trump, I you know they wouldn't let me do it and so then I went through this like months long process and it's me, I'm like a one person shop right? But um so they made me go through this process, it took a few months like through snail mail
and all this other stuff to get approved to do ads. So I finally did one ad and you know they say they targeted, they're like oh let us do targeting. So I did a B I did one with my own targeting and one with theirs and the one with there's I got so much pro trump stuff telling
me what to do with myself and you know all of that like I couldn't believe it, it was so bad so it's just after all those months it just wasn't worth it and now I'm sure if I tried to even put a ticket on there, they would like freak
out.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. And then um one design I have which is just called uninstalling trump and it's like it's like a windows box that says
the system is corrupt. This might take a while and I carry it like every protest
and stuff like
that. Thanks um the trump campaign actually went to red bowl where I was putting some of my t shirts and stuff on there and they made them take it down. They said that I
was violating their
copyright and trademark. Now Maga isn't trademark, somebody's tried to trademark it but they haven't trademark it trump can't copyright his last name because like so many other people unfortunately for them have the same last name, so and I had copyrighted it myself, but you know, there was no way red bubble is going to go up against, you know, trump's campaign lawyers. Right? And so, but so what I did was I made all these stickers out of it and I gave them out every protest I went to and I'd be like here trump hates this here, you know? And so I've been like carrying in everything ever since then. But I like in my whole shop is basically 99% anti trump stuff and people don't believe it when I tell them like, look, I put this shop together hoping that it will all be obsolete the day after the election. You know, and then I'll tell you something else because people are like, oh, you must really hope that he wins again. And I'm like,
no, are
you kidding me? Good. And you know, my uh, the name of the, of the shop is fighting words, designs and I said, look, I got plenty other fighting words. I like, I want to go back to being sarcastic like I just, you know, I was never politically involved before. And now I've been out registering voters and you know, volunteering.
Well you
know
everybody who talked to me about like when I was going to start the store and everything, um, was like, no, don't, don't do anything, you know, and if you do, you should do pro trump stuff too. So you appeal to people, but you know, you don't want to upset people so don't do things that are offensive. And I was like,
you
know what,
like what? First of all if I were doing something that I didn't believe in, it destroys it for me, it just reaches all of the joy out of it. It's like every time I would try to do S Ceo or this or that the other I would get so bogged down and I'd be like oh my god and I couldn't stand it. So finally after a few years everybody's outrage has caught up to mine and actually buying stuff because they're all you know like I knew he'd be bad, I had no idea, I had no idea about,
I was just
yeah, I mean the day after the election I was out on the street I went into Manhattan for I can't remember for what reason and I'm just walking down the street like everybody looked shell shocked like we were all just looking at each other like oh my god, like you knew everybody was thinking the same thing, It was it was crazy. So um yeah it's just that and now the people like that I protest whether you know my sort of my friends who were activists, well just like, oh my god. Yeah, like what are we gonna do? So
it's
not
well
I did I did a design about herd mentality, that herd mentality like and it said don't don't let it scare you wrong and it has like this cock I bowl thing and it was like, I don't know, maybe topical for about two seconds and I don't get anything out of it. But it was still fun to, it was still fun to do it.
But
what?
well
where do
I love
banjo?
Right.
Well they have different sounds to all the yeah. Yeah, that's that's neat. That's a really, that's really cool. I mean I don't play an instrument. I took, I took piano but I mean I sucked um so I stopped doing that. I wanted to learn drums, but that was like, not in the cards for me. And I have like no rhythm at all, you know? So I would, I would totally suck at that. But, but that's, that sounds really, really neat. I mean,
every
time
there was something like, which is every day, right? It gives me, I get new ideas just off of whatever fresh hell is coming out of the news. But, and that keeps me from getting to like dejected, you know?
Under what?
I loved good omens. That was an awesome show.
That's
correct.
Oh my God, that's me. No.
Okay. Unamused cracking. I'm actually, I'm writing that down
And you and your, but you're all, you're doing that on the thing that I've never heard of, right.
Sound club.
Cool, I will do that.
I mean. Oh my God. Yeah,
I I like never, you know what, it was a really interesting sort of community like because I was writing a lot of, I was just doing like a humor blog and everything
I've done
was humor oriented before, the whole election thing. It's still human oriented, but now it's like anti trump humor oriented, so
And so it was a really great sort of um had great communities like writers communities and stuff. But there's part of me where I feel like if I discuss what I'm thinking of too much, it dissipates the energy to actually do it and I feel like I'm not like a joiner type of person.
Yeah, it's really been that way for me with writing stuff, but but I
only write really short stuff anyway, so.
Yeah. I mean I can't stand facebook really. I mean I only use I use things just to like sort of you know push like the new thing that I'm doing or to you know put up protest photos and stuff. So it shows that I'm like walking the walk as well as talking about but but it's like twitter I use because I'm like big on one liner, so if I if I see something I think of a one liner, I'll put it in there
but I don't do it enough that people will even pay attention and basically I'm one friend who likes everything I do, you know? And so that's like really depressing too because I'll write something that's
so funny and then nobody sees it
every once in a while I'll get somebody. Like I had rick wilson like one of my things and I had like Glenn Kirshner like when I was like oh my God, this is fantastic and then nothing. I mean what Like you know it's it's really cool for like five minutes and then you're like oh yeah and my life couldn't.
Exactly. That's that's fair. That's cool that you're that you're doing music, that's really neat.
I didn't
look
sam axe was even open anymore. All the ones
here I think died so one.
my
If you really want to freak people out and open mic, you started and then just like act like you're freaking out and just smash it and I'll just break up and people will be like, oh my God, she's gone insane.
That's
Yeah. Absolutely. Hey do you have a cracking on the side of your face there?
That is so cool. I thought Richard glasses, but then the way that the shadow is, it actually
looks
like a
freshman.
It
almost
puts
a cracking from from here. Does the curves of it.
But so
far.
there needs
that's very cool.
They look great. Yeah, I know
it's
like
from from, from my, I thought they were that, but then when you were talking
about the crack and I was like like,
Oh, that's awesome.
It's the latter attack, is it?
It's not hat attack, is it
Well
yeah, you lost the car
but
you've got
to have,
yeah, I have one that's that's from hat attack. That's kind of like that. It's different. Like it's like a model sort of green thing that I really love. But um yeah, I have a bunch of fedoras and then um I stopped wearing them because like all the hipster people here, like not like you, but like, hipster hipsters, you know what I mean? Like we're not
hip but they're hipsters. Yeah,
I was like I can't wear it anymore. But also I'm like 55. So I'm like, am I trying to put on something? You know, I'm gonna start wearing them again. I'm intelligent.
Me too.
All
I had a woman in a store that I used to go to and only work on on the work for plastic surgeons on the upper east side for 15 years, that's like whatever. Um but this one place they had these awesome hats like for Doris and stuff and this woman tells me she goes you have a hat face and she's like, I don't mean that in a bad way. I'm like no, no, I understand what you mean like yeah, like I love hats, they're just awesome when I
was
a little girl.
You feel weird? Yeah, that's cool. I
one of the masks that I've been wearing, I've been wearing one of those and 95 masks that wraps all the way around your head. So like the top thing is like up here, so I try to like jam it under a hat and hold it there. I've got to do the air ones because it's driving me
and then
what
happened
down?
Yeah, that makes sense.
I don't
know. I
have to put it, I
have to put a hat on so that, you know, because it turns my ears down so I like have to jam it to keep my But yeah, I wear the I wear the medical ones because I mean I'm only a couple miles from Elmhurst Hospital in Queens where like the epicenter was for a while for the first way. That
was like so bad out here and also my husband 65 and he's got diabetes. So I'm just like, I finally got my first coronavirus test actually friday because I've been out registering voters and I've been,
I
got both. I got, well they're two different natural ones. I got the one where they jam it into your brain for the rapid one. And then I got the PCR which is like just kind of swirly a swirling for your nose and luckily I was negative, but I just sort of freaked out like that. I was going to make myself sick or make my husband sick because I've been registering people and you know, I mean it's just if you're out it's, I don't know, it's a little scary, but it was a cold, it was just a cold,
that's good.
That's
good.
definitely, wow, you do aerial silks. Holy shit. Yeah,
you do, man. That's really cool. I can't imagine doing that, but I've always, you know whenever I've seen it, it's like it looks so sweet.
Is that the one where you go, like?
Oh my God.
That's why I for a few years back when I was working for surgeons and I could afford it, I had this personal trainer who's I mean she was the coolest person. It was like getting therapy but also working out blossom. But so she told me I was backwards. Like if she gave me a simple thing to do like balance thing, I could not do it to save my life. But if she gave me a second thing, like holding something and then doing this other movie I could do it and she was like you are backwards. But I could I think it's also because it just didn't engage my brain enough that I would get awkward and not be able to do it. There's something about that like
Yes exactly. That's that's that's really the best way to put it actually. Yeah. Oops. Oh we hit 30 minutes. Well you're so cool. I can talk to you all day like you you you're really awesome.
Yeah, I mean you're super easy to talk to and like there is never like a lag time or anything so. All right, well I guess we have to stop now, right? Yeah
that's too bad. But it's so cool talking to you. I'm gonna check out the enemy's cracking. All right,
cool talking to you.