Yeah just Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay.
Two.
How
are you? I'm good, how are you?
Well
well
started time around my watch
I get like how many of these have you done?
Yeah this is my 3rd 1 So far so far. I've gotten lucky and haven't had anything where someone didn't show up but you always have that 30 seconds where he set up, it's like is anyone gonna show up on the other end?
I signed up. Yeah I had one
last night and I signed up again and they're like oh we have one for you. Tomorrow is like okay not
Yeah I just I just signed up for like a week and a half ago. So this is the first round I've been on. It's definitely success round so but
I'm in Cincinnati. Ohio
cool. Yeah. Friend who also does the prolific things and he actually had didn't have anyone show up the first time. I was like so I was joking with him when I was waiting for my first person. Like, I wonder if they're just paying us to see what happens
when,
how long have you been? What happens when you do? Where is your attention? What are you doing? Excuse what?
See I have all kinds of options because I I because I'm in my walk in closet recording space. So it's like, I have my harmonicas have a banjo and my guitar, I have
I have all kinds of options. Like within Arm's Rage,
yep. That's the that's the that's the call.
Well, it's like, I have a laptop
stand that like, I normally for harmonica stands for this is like, oh, I can actually use it for lap laptop stand and have everything at the right height because it's like, I I have a setup that I use for, like, if I'm going to do live streaming shows, but that, but like I have like a popcorn tin on top of two tables and it works perfectly for being zoomed out enough to see the guitar. But like for this, like you don't need this much space. So like, so like I had it back there just a little bit. I was like, okay, I'm gonna figure out a way to get this laptop, like two thirds of innocents. Mhm.
I
under I understand.
I was debating getting a ring light
for like some videos and stuff, but like, you know, the overhead closet like has been working out pretty well for what I've needed it for. But yeah, good to know that it messes with glasses.
Well,
it's like the streaming site that I go on, like, you know, it's basically a live thing and then it goes United States up for 24 hours. So it disappears after that, which gets rid of a lot of the pressure to try to make it perfect Because it's like I, you know, I was like, I have a tendency where I wanted to make sure every single thing is perfect to the point of I never actually get anything done, anything done and it's like if I if I know it's only gonna be for 24 hours then I don't worry about it as much.
It's called
ST
elie
grape jelly and
what's cool, what's cool about it is that like, they actually
like you're actually allowed to do covers because they actually do all the ascap and BMI licensing, so
they actually have you put up your set list so that they can get all the things and so if you're playing original music then you can actually get paid a little bit for, for it for playing original songs, as long as you have them actually registered.
that's that's why I do it on that because like I put stuff up on Youtube, you know, in college for like a year and a half or I did a video every week and it just end like, I think they only tried to send me copyright things on like one of them and it's like, you know, I was just doing it for purposes of trying to put stuff out there. But yeah, I don't feel like messing with us. It just, it turns it like, you know, like the whole music copyright thing is a mess and it just turns into a whole thing. It's just like, you know, if I can just figure out ways to make it easier to deal with, that's much better to do.
you're
using it for some and it's, you know, it's like I was reading something the other day because I'm signed up for a bunch of newsletters from, you know, different places because I keep finding different sites over the years. But one of them, I was like, oh, so if you're actually so facebook actually won't complain if you're doing covers, as long as you're performing them and you aren't using any sort of backing tracks or anything. Like you say that I'm not like, you know, it's like, it's become more of
a thing where it's like, I've honestly been surprised there's not been more of a backlash of facebook trying to take everything down with all the musicians moving to facebook live, right? You know, it's like some people, you know, some people just do originals and so like, you know a lot of, you know a lot of the like bigger and more famous people are primarily doing originals but it's like a lot of the you know smaller local people because all end up just doing covers for the most part and some originals. And it's like I'm really surprised there has not been a significant backlash from facebook over that because it's like, you know, it's like you start because it's like there's definitely a um think of facebook being very draconian and trying to take things down and just everywhere being very draconian and it's like I'm really surprised it's actually made a few song,
that's cool.
Ancient,
No.
no
I thought about it, they just blast you.
Oh that's cute.
plus
amazing.
my
now.
No,
no.
Yeah. It's like, you know, it's like I always had a tendency where I didn't want to like go to politically involved with all my music and you know, and then, you know, then the day after the election, you know, I just snapped it like no to like
we're
all in on this now.
Like
some
people be upset.
Yeah. It's like, you know, it's like, I remember,
you know, watching the election results rolling, stolen home and like, you know when I went out 12, it's like you would, you know, it's just like you just have your heart drop because it's like you didn't, you know, you didn't know how bad it was gonna be, but you know, it's going to be pad like there was no way it wasn't like.
Well, it's like, you know,
it's like, it's like
one of the things I've been
doing is like, um so I so I was doing a weekly original song for a while and then like, I sort of ran out of things and then I ran out of ideas because like, if I have things planned out well in advance, it goes a little bit better. And if I'm trying to kind of come up with things like the day before, it's not going to go well. So it's like, so like, so like, you know, it's like every year or so, I like try a new tactic of putting something up somewhere else. And then, and then eventually, and then I would give it like six months. I'm like, yeah. So like, and like, I was going to restart putting stuff up over, you know, a couple of months ago and then I was and then like, you know, with all the protests, everything over the summer, I like I start I had a few songs, I was like, you know what? No, we're starting this now. I have an idea, I'm gonna I'm gonna record it, you know? And then it fell off for another couple for another month or so. But then like, you know, we feel I had this I had this already about the fly from the debate. You know, it was like when I was about to record it and then my computer died and I took it in and the motherboard was bad. So it's like I have a whole bunch of backup music stuff, like I'm finally going to get up this weekend. But it's just like, but it was like, I had a perfect song and it was politically relevant at the right time. And then I was like, well I'll get it up sometime.
It's
so fun one like you know it's actually
motivate because I hadn't written anything going. So I was really and like you know, and then I just woke up and I had this line about to fly And you know, I was like okay well this is a banjo song if I ever heard one. Because
like
just
like
I have, I have one of my like one of the other song example, I primarily do guitar but I really like band and I want to do more of it. But like I have this banjo song. So I went to college in the middle of Iowa and I wrote this song about corn. Oh Banjul.
And so like that that is my banjo song. And so now I have another band or song I was like okay I need to figure out things I can do to actually make this sound different than the other one because that's always the thing. It's like I try to not make everything down the same and one of the ways I do that is just switching instruments you know it's like if I get into a songwriting, if I try to switch instruments like a lot of times at least can't get into the same right? I can get in this particular to that instrument. But you know it's better than ending up with the same few things because like different things work better on different instruments.
and then we're another
fun
being you know.
Yeah. Well one of the other one of the other things, one the other aspect for like doing it. So my music, I put up under the unamused cracking,
the unamused cracking, you know? And I have and like, so I just took it from good omens by terry pratchett.
because there's a little bit in the middle about the crack and the crack and is not amused. I saw like that was the best band name if I ever rolling and I've I've been used it for 10 years and it is the only like I am the only person on the internet who actually used it and so like I've been using and but
I have
this whole name. I also draw a little crackers to go along with all the songs.
So like I have like I have one with like the fly sitting on the head where the cracker just looking up like okay, fly.
But yeah, there should be a song about the fly coming up this friday. Yeah,
yeah. The music, the songs I'm putting up on SoundCloud
but like if you google on um used crack and I am the only thing that shows up
kind of like, you know because you know because because I have everything interconnected like I'm some point, I'm going to redo my website soon but it's like, you know, it's like I have the youtube and facebook and twitter and instagram like all the codex back together and I try to post everything everywhere. I used to use google plus back when I was
I work with.
Wouldn't
be
Now it's quickly humor oriented.
Yeah. I was I was actually reading something about that the other day and the basic point was you get the dopamine hit from talking about it and then you don't actually ever go do it.
What?
Yeah, it's like, you know, it's like I try to stay off of social media and like, the only reason why I keep most of it is to push out all the music stuff. So, but at the same time it's like, you know, it's like I try to get people, it's like here care about my stuff and then I never actually, and then it's like, but I need to actually get it out more and using more to tell people that it exists, but it's like, but at a certain point, like, I don't want to be spending my time putting things up on social media, spending my time actually doing things.
Good.
it is,
Not,
so everything matters for one brief shining moment, it's like, oh no, it does.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's like I keep going on stuff on, you know, and it's like I keep going on stuff on and off because like I can't not do things for more than a month or two because it's like, you know, because like even when I wasn't putting much stuff up online, I was doing a bunch of open mics around here, so it's like one of them, so it's sam ash music stars for a while. But I think they like they stopped it like in the middle of last year and everyone was really sad, but they would give you a $10 gift card every week for showing up and played and played at the open mic
and
for
No.
Yeah, there's yeah, there's one that's like 15 minutes away from me, but so like now is the first, my thanks, I was getting a new guitar and like because my first guitar was a piece of crap, 100 and $50 thing that I got, you know, one of the cheap music stores. And so like the next snapped off. And so
like my dad quite nice stupidly. And I was like, you know, this is still playable but I'm not good. But you know, I need a guitar that's not gonna snapping out. Just like I still keep that around as a crappy guitar. It's like if I really want to make, you know, I really want to work something out and get my fingers a workout, I'll play because it's like impossible to play.
Yeah, I would've been perfectly good to dispatch, but not like it would've destroyed it anymore. Oh. But yeah, so it's like I went there for like five years every week. And so I just like got also like, I just got this whole music set up where I didn't have to pay for any of
it. So it's just like, you know, like I had for the last couple years I was writing a new song every single week and like it kind of got to the point where I would run out of ideas and then I just kind of like throw something together as I was walking on stage and Improvise something and it usually involved about the same 10 words, but it sounded like music. Well, I, you know, so it's like, and I was like, I can't ever not do music for long, even if I like end up like being like, oh, I can't record, like being too much of a perfectionist about it. And but in the last few weeks I've gotten myself into a mentality where it's like, I'm going to at least get into my recording area and hit the record button once a day, even if it's not good because then I'm at least making myself think about making progress. Yeah.
No, I just have really cool glasses.
The number
of people who asked,
you know,
I have a face tattoo is
like,
even
in everything.
no more ladies. I, I spent so long trying to find interesting glasses because like my old ones had like little flower cutouts on the sides. But like, I know that my glasses normally only last four years and those who are at like six and 76 years and then seven years. I was like, I need to find something better. And then I was, um, was it like a musical or a show or something? And it was next, this lady had really cool glasses. Like where did you get those? And so there's a glass of story that basically just sells really funky glasses here. And so I went down there. I was like, and they didn't have these, but they had another similar pair and I was like, I like this, but I want them to be more blue. So,
and
so then I looked up the company online and I found that I was like, yeah, these are glasses. Like
occasionally my hair gets caught on them, but it's a small price to pay. Yeah,
right. Like they're like, I am a big fan of these glasses.
It
took
me,
you know?
but not like, you know, I have this whole this whole blue hippie thing going on and like, like I love my other glasses. But like, you know, they find, well, they finally died in my car, got stolen in my class and my old glasses were it back and forth. It's like okay, they live their eight year life. I have the I have the good glasses, it's fine. There's so another funny story about that is so I had this hat Or actually another hat of this look exactly the same that I've had for like 10 years and I was able to track it down on posh mark that someone had a similar one.
And like I was like looking and like I finally remembered the brand name. Like I got it like packs on like 10 years. I was like, wait, I remember the brand name and then I pulled right up and it is actually the person listed
what?
No, it's not see from Pakistan, but like someone was selling the hat and it actually went out the same day to my car got stolen from across the country.
So like, you know, so I was like, well this was meant to be my hat
because
like
Turkey
Dora's are not easy to find.
know.
Oh no, I understand
I have so many hats. Like I've always been a hat person
like
like I have so many hats.
It's like I feel
weird
something on my head just like even if it's like too hot for a hat or like it's gonna fall off. Like I have a whole bunch of headband so it's like if I don't have something on my head, my head feels naked.
but
what I do is so I have so I have a bunch of fabric ones because like, you know, I know tons of people there may be so like, I have the fabric ones that like, tie behind your head,
but like what I've done is is like because so I do food delivery. Like I did Door dash grubhub, like all the different apps. So it's like I'm in in and out of my car on your time today, but it's like, I don't want to keep it on for all eight hours if I'm in my car firstly. So I was like, what I did, I actually just tie the engine loop so I can put the loops in and out by my head. But like, I don't even have it around my ears. Like I just actually have it around my neck and just pull
it
up and
down,
work. It works well enough to stay on for however long I need needed to stay on and it like doesn't bug my ears, so, you know? But
every
time
I
it.
Did you get did you get the Nostril
1?
Yeah I was like I got I got one test 12 months ago because so I do aerials and aerial silks and circus stuff And so the studio that I go to, some some like someone who tested positive but was asymptomatic so that you know they send out a message to everyone but it's like and so you know, so I end up being but the thing was like it had already been 10 days, I had nothing like well go get tested. So like you know luckily that was negative and you know no one else from a studio ended up getting it
on that so you know, so even though the person in class for at least a couple of different days, like you know everything they had in place made made it such that no one else got it. So that was
that is
that that was encouraging, but
I try to keep an interesting life.
well it's like I, you know the the studio that I go to has a bunch of different things, but that was my favorite and partially because one it's the hardest one that ever that no one else can stand it, like I like doing hard things and no one else can can do, I swam for 10 years and my event was the 200 fly, which is the hardest event that no one wants to do
well. Yeah,
no one likes it because it's difficult and it's like, and it's like one of the other thing is like, I'm very visual person into like, you know, I understand that a lot, a lot better than than like, so lira is like the big hoop, so like, I don't understand that at all. It's just like to make this pretty pose and you make this proposal just like, okay, so, and like, so just like you have to get these layers on, so you have this not and you have to have this not, and so like, you know, it's like you have to have this wrapped a certain way and like, it just makes a lot more intuitive sense to me.
Like, no, I I think my brain, my brain, I think my brain does that too. I completely get it. Just like you you have to distract your brain enough to make it function,
thank you. I I really enjoyed this.
yeah,
cool,
yep. You too, Bye.