shit. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Uh Yeah, mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, mm. Uh huh, Good. Hello?
I'm good. I'm doing
mhm. I'm in
north Carolina. No, you asked.
Oh, on the same coast
moment?
Well why not?
I'm not, I'm from Kansas city Missouri. I lived there most of my life and I moved to north Carolina seven years ago. I
had I love it here. Yeah,
Yeah. I'm actually in Durham.
Your
conversation.
Look
all
Uh I had one yesterday. My son's been doing prolific for a few. Uh I mean he got it, he got fired from his job as soon as Covid hit. And so he started doing prolific so he could have some spending money.
And he told me I should try it because I was buying a lot of art supplies, stunning.
I haven't had a job for 20 years. Mhm.
It's been fine. It was kind of unexpected. I have two sons who are 20 and 23 I ended up needing to home school my boys um which wasn't really on my radar
being a fun life. And uh
my oldest son got the got the diagnosis of asperger's and to them scale because in the spectrum
what was just so hard for him? I mean the biggest problem was the smells in the cafeteria. It was a small thing, but I started homeschooling ham. And then my younger son just never even went to school.
we had a blast. I loved their childhoods and they love their childhoods. And my oldest son then when we moved here he ended up graduating from a public school that was at a community college. So he so he graduated with like 35 community college hours. And then we went to um he went to college. He is an unfortunate 2020
graduate.
Yeah. He came home last March for spring break
um packed for a week um and came home and never went back to school. And a few months later we went and cleared out his apartment and he graduated with no fanfare and looking.
No, nothing at all.
No.
well accident
My husband works
oh are dragging
our
videos lagging.
I I think maybe we're caught up now I think maybe. Okay.
Yeah. He's an I. T. Guy. And so in March he was sent home and I bet he's going to be working from home all of 2021.
Thank
you.
You have more information on the vaccine than I had. I hadn't read enough on it. I didn't know that. It was a two part um recently got a shingles the shingles vaccine I say recently it was a year ago. Um and it's a two part
and it was a struggle because they didn't have enough. I had to be on a waiting list and then they had to get my first one. And then um
and then eventually that same pharmacist called me back and said hey you know you need to have your second shot and we're not going to have any. So you need to start calling other pharmacies and see where you can find it.
I did I yeah apparently um I went to E. S. First and
apparently Walgreens had no trouble getting vaccines but
the seaweed did so that was really weird. But but yeah I mean I was I was determined to get my shingles vaccines and even then it was you know it was a hassle. So so I'm glad to hear that the Covid one will be a two part
what?
I don't want to feel good.
Thanks.
Hurt
a massive introvert.
It
gets
This is more a problem for me and
my
it's you know it's me and my husband and our two sons and we're stuck together 24 7 and my kids are at an age where that's not normal. You know, it's harder for them but it's a joy for me.
they've got each other.
Mm And my youngest one's going away to college
in May
come with me.
Things start.
Um No, but three hours away. So
And
I don't know.
Although it wasn't happening.
We're we're we're mixing up again.
I think.
Yeah. And your lips in your words right now.
There is a delay though. Yeah.
Thanks.
Who
needs it? He's you know, he's really he's struggling.
No.
Well, okay.
What
you are,
You use your testing. Okay.
Uh Well thank
you.
We're
and you said you're in the publishing field. Right. What?
No,
Local.
Woman
movement.
Well
what
I
love
books were a big family.
Most of minds through the library, but I'm always listening to an audiobook. Usually have two or three books, one
reader and then a couple of like actual books that I'm reading.
I do.
They
all have their place.
Right. And
I
have to have an e book for at night when when I'm trying to read before I go to bed and my husband's going to sleep
my light on. So really like they all have their job. Yeah.
Oh goodness. Um mainly just like general fiction. I mean I guess like some of the romance genre but when I look at books listed in the romance genre they're not what I'm reading. So I mean I don't know like they look like very harlequin e um that's not what I like. Like the Robin
Car.
I mean I don't know whether that means she means robbing car. Um
Virgin
River series and now it's on netflix. I mean it's kind of a big deal her and yeah I mean I'll read anything pretty
much.
I've recently done um I listened to Demi moore's out of work and long she reads it so that was fun
and so the and it was really good and then so then after that I I listened to Matthew McConaughey's brand new memoir
on reads it. So.
Well yeah.
Yeah. Tom Hanks narrates the dutch house just just recently listened to that one.
It's
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
A lot of times if a book is read by the author I don't like it as well. I that
I encountered one like that too. I can't think of her name but yeah. Yeah.
I
remember for this conversation.
I did I didn't set a timer for the conversation.
We're doing good. We're doing that.
What
it
is.
I don't know. Have you? So this is your first one.
Okay. You have like 20 minutes worth of questions after this where you're talking about like how we like like you know how the flow was of our conversation and Uh huh. And like your, your thoughts on me and what I and your thoughts on what I think of you. Yeah. You have a lot of fun to look forward to. They make.
This conversation patterns I think mm Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not good at. Do
you think exactly what
you
know?
And
Well, let's say 20 minutes. I didn't time it. Yeah.
Work
an awful lot like my husband. Yeah. Just just so you know, dark
hair and the very white beard. It just looks so much like my husband.
It is funny and I debated whether I was going to tell you that I'm looking to see if I have a
picture.
Uh 27 28. Do you even remember? It was 93.
Yeah, I'm
not
taking
it. Are you married?
Well,
carol. My kids. Well, one of my kids is says like, no way ever like being married and
I'm like, good for you.
so
I found this picture. It's not very it's not a very good one, but you can kind of
tell.
but you definitely have the same kind of look. That's the only picture I have of him. It's because I'm with him all the time.
You're
in hurricane zone. Have you been hit?
Well we've had it, there's not flooding all over Carolina.
Um No, today is beautiful, but the last
two days it's been raining, raining, raining, raining.
I think it might be it's weird how that works sometimes, but
It's for 4 27 so I think.
What,
Suzanne
Mark. Nice to you.
You too?