hi, how are you?
I'm doing okay, thank you. So where do I find you today
Morning?
I'm down in Tampa florida at the moment.
Yeah. Indeed, indeed. Uh Yeah, I grew up in new york, um went to school in Virginia and uh lived in new york most of my life, but moved out to Denver for a few years um
about five years ago, and then moved down here and uh for personal, since I don't get into that, so I've been here since May. Um
Yeah, so that's me. Um are you in north Carolina native?
Like
Good. I had cousins in north Carolina in Greensboro, they used to visit frequently, they've since moved out west, but uh but I've spent some time around the Greensboro area and also some time around the Raleigh Durham area when I was visiting schools and stuff like Duke and all that sort of things. Some familiarity with that. Are you around those areas? Are you more
you are okay. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice. So um I'm going to talk about anything uh if you'd like to lead, I'm happy to let you leave whatever you want to do. I'm I'm
flexible.
I am. You're
my first miss thing, so because I'm
the new
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I completely understand.
You need a little extra spending money for that. Yeah, it's good for that kind of stuff. Um You totally
I think. Is that good or bad?
What are you like that first?
Why did you choose to to home school your kids?
And Okay.
wow. You got the hang of it with your older son and Yeah.
Harry.
I can only imagine.
Ground,
Did he was there a ceremony or anything or
they had to cancel all of them? Yeah.
Yeah. This has changed things so dramatically. Um I was I I work in publishing and books and and that sort of thing and I have been working remotely for a while now, even before the covid thing happened.
So I sort of, I guess I was lucky in that I was able to like, it really didn't, well it didn't change anything in terms of the way that I work, but it's it's definitely hurt our business to some extent. And so I've taken temporary pay cut as everybody has our business and you know, so it's for me as well, but I still feel lucky to be in the position that I'm in and um to be able to remotely with with really no problem. Um So I'm much luckier than a lot of other people and I recognize that. Absolutely. Um but I enjoy what I do. You know, I'm
do you work from home now? Your husband?
I'm
sorry.
Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
So would you say that your husband's working from home?
Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. I'm the vaccine stuff, I'm hopeful, but skeptical. Um, which is the way I am about a lot of things. Um, I know that the Pfizer vaccine, you know, seems to be showing some good results, but it's a two part vaccine, it has to be kept at extremely cold temperatures. So it's going to be hard, it's gonna be hard to get out, roll out. Um and it's gonna be hard to keep it in a in a way that's supposed to be kept because a lot of facilities don't have the kinds of refrigerators and things that will keep it as cold as it needs to be kept. So there's that and there's um, there's the fact that you take one dose, then you have to take another dose three weeks later. And I don't know how many people are gonna be willing to do that. And then there's just general reticence about about vaccines in this country. People are rightly or wrongly. I'm not going to cast any, I'm not going to get all that. But there are issues with vaccines and a lot of people may not take it, you know, So, and in fairness with this one, it's being rushed through its there's not gonna be a lot of data about long term effects or anything like
that,
vaccines take five or 10 years and this one is not going to take that. So in this case, those who are skeptical of vaccines to begin with, there's some merit to it. You know, it's um, it's not just a simple thing. So I don't know. I don't know. But I hope something's going, I mean, things can't continue this way. Um too many people are suffering too much and um, you know, losing money, uh, only the very top end of the spectrum is making money through this. Um, so I don't know, I to think, but uh, I just I'm hopeful that something will, you know, one of these vaccines will come and it will help and uh, we get more therapeutics that help and that sort of thing so forth. But until we do, I'm afraid the economy is going to remain sort of sedated. Um but what do I now have no idea, literally.
It is
well.
Were you able to?
What?
Hello.
Yeah it's but that's just that one you know they're made the Moderna's another company that's in their in their phase three trials and they were using a similar technique of R. N. A. Based stuff and so there's positive like people are positive about that. That's only supposed to be a one timer. Um But I don't know whether that also I haven't read enough about that one. I don't know if that has to be kept very cold temperatures as well. Um I
don't know you know it's it's going to be trickier that I think people assume but we'll see we'll see.
No I don't either I really don't. Um I'm sort of a uh introvert myself so it hasn't been too much of this like I don't really I I enjoy myself around my home. Um I can read
and watch tv and play games and all that sort of stuff and uh yes I don't
what's that?
You are okay, well
good.
You know? I love them.
Real
love me. True.
Right. Right. You know of course as a kid I was much more outgoing and gregarious but I have as I've aged significantly um I've become more and more of an introvert and uh yeah so I can see how it's harder on your kids and that's gonna be difficult to deal with, you know because well for all sorts of obvious reasons um Especially.
Yeah true true true true. Um Yeah I don't know it's it's hard but God bless you with having their two kids and all that. That's uh that's nice.
How
I hope
I hope
our outside of north Carolina.
No. All right. Well I hope,
I mean it's it's
just
I'm sorry I didn't get that. Okay.
Yeah, I know a little bit try to. My signal seems okay.
What's up
as are yours? This is good. This is a positive thing.
yeah, So he's going in May. I mean, it's such a weird time for kids. Like, you know, when I went to school, you know, obviously none of this was happening and it was just, it was straightforward. You went to school and you were there for four years and that was it. And now everything is being disrupted for these guys. You know, I have a lot of friends
who were going to school, metrics beginning to go to college and they're going, they're coming back. It's, you know, it's just logistically a nightmare. It seems to me. So hopefully by May, things will be better. I hope. I hope
we're,
yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, just let him know he's not alone. A lot of people are struggling. So it's not easy. Um, I do have like I, because because I've been working remotely for so long, I have used a number of other in addition to prolific other ways to make some extra money on the side. And also just, I find some of these things interesting. Um, I recommend one to you because I think that, uh, I don't know whether you've heard of this or done this before, but there's one place that I do a lot is use your testing. Have you ever heard of something like that?
It's a basically what it is is they pay you $10 basically, $10 for a test and a test can be, it's basically people who want you to check out their website. Oftentimes you're looking at a prototype or something like that.
you know, it's like, you know, go over here and click this button, what's your reaction to that? How does that make you feel? What does that look like? What improvements do you think and so forth? And generally
the tests are anywhere from 15 minutes to 30 minutes. Um,
and you get 10 bucks for it. And uh, and you get to see what people are working on and what people are developing. You have a vast array of different companies that do stuff on user testing. So you get to see a lot of different stuff of what companies are doing and which is one of the reasons that I do it, um, just what others are doing. But even outside of that, you know, if you do three or four tests a day and make 30 or $40 a day doing that. You know, it's 150 bucks or 250 bucks a week. And uh, it begins to add up a little bit and I find them fun and easy to do. So if you're looking, it's called user tested.
Yeah, that's just what it's called. So, you know, you might want to take a look and your son as well. It's, I think that there, I've been doing it for a couple of years. They pay regularly. You get paid a week after you finish the test. I've never had any problems getting paid and it's good. So
no,
sure. It might be fun. It might
be fun.
indeed. Um, books primarily, it's books were a little bit unusual publishing company in the, not exclusively, but for the most part, we published books that have already been published by other publishers and
we buy the rights to them and then we sell them in a different channel from where they actually sell them. So um and we pre sell all of our books to out to Barnes and Noble. So we what we basically do is um we'll get a list of books that we're looking at from publishers who we have no relationships with. And um if there willing to, you know, let license the book to us. Um then we will make a list of books, we'll go over to Barnes and Noble and present them to Barnes and Noble and they'll say okay we'll take this 1 10,000, we'll take this 1 5000 to and so we tell them um which is fantastic, is generally in regular publishing. One of the big problems is something called returns, believe it or not, when books bookstore can order. However, generally speaking however many copies of a book like that they'd like to order, It has to be with the reason, but if they end up not selling all of them, they can return them to the publisher and get their money back. So big problem for published, regular, regular publishers because they never know what's coming back to them after what they've sold. So one of the things that we've done in the way that we do it is that once it's sold, they can't return them to us um where we don't have to inventory books, we don't have to worry about what's coming back to us. Um and all that sort of thing. So, um that's a big positive. And about five years ago we started a classics line. So we do like, which like, you know, um anything from Dante in the Inferno to Charles dickens to all
sorts of books like that classic literature, essentially. Um, that's in what's called the public domain. So things that are in the public domain, you don't have to license them from anyone there available to just be taken and you can repurpose them for whatever you'd like to.
So, most books, you know, most classic literature is in the public domain. Um, and so we would figure out what traditions we wanted to do. Uh, and then we contracted with, like professors around the country to write new introductions. And we created all sorts of what's called sort of ancillary material timelines and character descriptions and all the stuff that go in the front and the back of the book.
Um, and, uh, we saw the whole line to Barnes and noble. Um, and that's been fun for me because my interest has usually been modern books. Um, and so I've immersed myself for the last five or six years in classic literature, which has been interesting. Um So that's you know more or less what we do. Uh And I'm on the production side of things so I'm in charge of like buying paper uh trouble things on schedule um talking to printers, create like setting up contracts or agreements with various different printers and stuff like that and that kind of thing. So
that's
what I what I like
to
do
Oh that makes me happy to hear honestly. What do Three?
Chocolate.
Do you do all three? You do electronic books, audiobooks and the regular good old
class.
I do
I agree, I agree, I got so into audiobooks like eight or nine years ago um and I've listened to so many books, audiobooks, there's just sometimes you know when I'm when I want to go to bed and I just want to listen to something and close my eyes you know and or what I'm out to an errand or something like that. It's terrific that sort of stuff where regular book it's just not practical. Um Yeah
that's
great.
You don't have the later on.
Absolutely. Absolutely. That's awesome. What do you like to read?
Left
open.
I don't
know her.
good.
That's cool. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah I think you know having a broad set of interests like that or a broad set of you know you'll never you'll never lack for things to read you know always there's so much stuff out there it's amazing. It. Really?
How was that? Yeah.
Well
Yeah I think like to me the narrator can make a big difference. Do you notice that as well? Yeah because sometimes I just can't I don't know it's just yeah I just don't like the inflections the intonation the way that the narrator does it sometimes. Um And other times it's terrific. I mean if you can get an actor like i what was the book? Uh I think it was slaughterhouse five which is a kurt Vonnegut book and uh Ethan Hawke read it and it was really terrific like it was really good. Mhm. Um Jeremy Irons I listened to read Lolita
huh. Terrific. Um But even people that I haven't heard of before I can't remember their names now but um you know not actors that are good um uh readers um are sometimes it makes a difference to me so.
I bet that's good. I haven't seen I haven't read
that. Yeah yeah
he's such an affable guy too he's very easy to listen to. Um So
yeah that
would be yeah.
I understand. Yeah I know I know what you mean I think I've experienced that myself before. Um It's hard I've just they all just sort of I've listened to so many of them now. I can't remember exactly which narrators. I like it which I don't but like scott brick is one that I know that narrates a lot of stuff and I don't really like him but but I seem to be in the minority because he keeps being hired to read all sorts of books. Um So but yeah
sometimes you just don't like something like that so but
I'm glad
what's that?
We've got about three more minutes left.
we're doing fine. Um
Yes this is sort of a weird thing isn't it? Just randomly talking to somebody.
What do you think
that they're looking at? What do you what do you think that they're trying to examine
the first one of these? Yeah. Yeah.
great. Terrific. Terrific. So does that mean did you get having done that? Did you get an idea of what you think that they're looking for what they're trying to study in this?
All right all
you,
Well
it's
hard. I mean I
wouldn't I probably won't be able to either. I'm not sure exactly but I'm curious that these questions are hopefully it won't last 20 minutes. I don't need 24 minutes. Yeah.
I'll get
through it. Mhm.
well
That must be a little odd for you.
Well
yeah. How long have you guys been married? Yeah
93. What
is
only
seven
I am not and I have never been um Yeah I'm okay with that
I'm okay.
Well
yeah absolutely either way is fine but I think at 20 or 23 anything can happen at that point. You know I've heard plenty of people say that when they're that young and they go a different direction it's possible
for.
little
bit longer than me down here. I still have a little bit of the but yeah man. Well that's interesting. That's interesting.
Yeah. Well maybe a picture for, yeah. Uh Well um so yeah just you know lecture does the husband know who's got a doppelganger down in the in Tampa and uh you know so
I don't know.
Yeah. No not directly we're sort of inland a little bit from Tampa. We're in a place called Wesley Chapel. Um So it's a little bit inland we got you know pelted with rain but and and some winds but nothing like I think what they got right on the coast. Um And today it's beautiful out so it seems to have passed. I think it's probably headed up your way. You're probably gonna get some rain.
is that today?
No.
yeah that's what we have the last two days. So you could say I guess is it the same storm storm system that's down here?
Yeah. Yeah. No I don't I know nothing about the weather. I just look outside if it's raining forget it. So all right well I think let me see I do have just see something here. Okay. Oh no I missed the time where it's gone. But
I think we're good. All right well it's been you know what I never asked you and
what? You never use me? What's your name?
Suzanne? I'm Mark.
You choose Suzanne. Well this has been a pleasure. I've enjoyed talking with you and I hope you have a terrific rest of the night.
Thank you. Take