Hello?
Dario?
Actually nice to meet you too.
I actually did it yesterday
voted.
No,
what
are you
here?
Yeah. I had a girl yesterday, she was in California and She was 18 and 23, so I was like, we're pretty close. So we like talk about school and stuff at first we like, so we're gonna talk about,
No, I graduated now. No more school for me. But
yeah, I actually just finished grad school in May. I did the fast track. I'm not a really huge school person, but you know, it's kind of necessary
in life, so
Accounting. Yeah.
Sorry,
I'm
cooler.
No
I live in Georgia. Mm
good.
Yeah, I did. I went to school in Augusta. It's like on the border of south Carolina and Georgia.
I
don't know.
Fine.
Let's see. So I went to Masters in kennesaw, which is a suburb of Atlanta. And then I went to school in Augusta for undergrad. So I moved back home for masters and then now I've been home since this uh lovely pandemic.
It's interesting. I actually had a job while in school. They, so I graduated early in December of 18 and then I got a job in january and then I turned part time in august since I was doing my master's, luckily they let me, and then they hired me full time again in May, luckily I was like, you know, you know, that's why bob because
everyone kind of hired me for years. It was like, well I kind of like working here
quick.
It's really funny though because I'm Lincoln I keep on getting you know this, I don't know if you have a linkedin but wanted like recruit emails, like hopefully it first time I got into and I'm like, great, I don't need a job.
I don't know. I mean I have it. It's like oh you got to make one,
I had, well technically I was born in California. I only lived there a few weeks. I don't know if that counts, but I lived in Georgia most.
it was so funny in the master's class for some odd reason. There was a picture from san Francisco in the book and then are of course I wasn't like totally not paying attention, but our guest speaker was like who's anybody from san Francisco? I was like what are the odds? Like I'm willing I
I only listen to like that key question or nothing around. I was like oh God, I hope it's not an accounting question because not random, but
you know, I was all over the map so. No, like I took ap computer science and high school because of like oh I'm really good computers like but also I I'm not trying to programme like that didn't work out. And then I was like oh maybe I like volunteering a lot, maybe it could be a nurse, no I don't want to be a nurse. So I was like you know I just get the business and then I took accounting because I like to class when I took it and having to be good at it. So it worked out.
Yeah. I know. So did you always want to do what you want to do or?
I'm
learning
learning.
no that's worried there are three people of you know certain things, so. Mhm.
You know on this night
uh do I have one sister? She's one year younger than me and she just graduated now. Undergrad and she's nursing.
he's nursing.
but nursing is like really had a man of course it has one we're in right now, so
but you got a job in um like Atlanta ish. And so she just moved up there but I'm still down
here.
the first day she's just she got a job in the bone marrow unit and like you know it's just impressing and like the first day someone passed away and I'm like I like I couldn't do that every day,
I
love that show
shit
Well
invested
and I've been in like my whole life, what are we on? Like students 16 or something?
Yeah. I mean I started since like season one, so I feel
like
I've been
good.
well I started watching it so we know I never had netflix to like my freshman year because I only took, so I signed up for like 15 credits, but I drop the course And then, so I was 12 and I was really, really bored because my mom, we have a job yet. So we just got netflix and like I like totally benched it like watch eight hours a day. Too much.
What?
Yeah. I don't
know.
I
don't want to
quit after the, the main guy died. Oh, what's his name?
I'm like, that's his nickname.
Hello,
Everybody
is like gone. And then now that I'm freezing now, I can't remember the other guy's name. They just loved, but it's only, you know, um,
you
know,
Her friend Carla.
I
don't know. Well it's okay.
No, you just left. Yeah.
They turned out like, um, he ended up being like, do you want like the blond girl in like the first episode?
Yeah sort of
and uh
like they got married and I well she ended up having like his kids and like they wrote him off like that way that they got together because he found
more.
I
know they
have such dramatic
ways for other people like that. There was like a remember what season the plane crash was when they died and I said no I thought all those people
what?
Oh of course.
I
know
I love
like drama shows like
what
was that?
what's that one? I just finished Dead To Me. That was really good.
it's crazy like this uh so the main character, her husband died got murdered got ran over by a car and then she becomes friends with this girl and that girl ended up being the one who like murdered her husband but that
was cheating but here's where the good part actually feeling a
but
then it was funny so then she ends up killing her husband.
Perfect.
With the two series. Let me make a 3rd 1 so we're good. Yeah jane. The Virgin was also very good.
What
is that sound Barbara? And I I don't know I hate it because it's like well now I like ended like forever but at the time when I was watching it was like you know of course one episode a week and a fandom like you know thanks
was it where she was drunk all
I
watched
it. This
country is and I was like what's gonna be good?
Yeah.
You know I tried to that before quarantine like when schools ended because I was like well I guess I was kind of during quarantine, it was like, like may, I don't know, but like, It feels weird cause I'm not stunning anymore. You know, I'm really working 40 hours a week. I've been trying to like now make like food now because um, has spoiled grandma cooks all the time. Have to be real in trouble when I move out and
now.
I don't like tonight grandma night because I need assistance cooking, only make breakfast and like large quantities because
it probably
won't
work for
one
person. Like
I made one case like one day and I was like, I mean, I even have the batter. It was so huge. I feel wasteful, but it's breakfast and pasta. That, that's like my main thing. I only know what to do.
Yeah, it's so easy.
Yeah. Tonight we're going to attempt to make a chicken pot pie together.
Yeah,
That's
part
of
the
No,
I I do the Marie Callender stay in the microwave. What are the foreman?
Well,
in college, you know like that the kraft mac and cheese sugar mark away. Oh,
but that was my life. I would want to lose the lasagna from it was probably Marie Callender or something. I don't know. Oh my gosh, I I lived on a boat meals.
me too.
So did you live in the dorms for a little bit or?
Listen.
Nice. See I didn't do my roommate research well enough. So I pulled the girl that once. Oh my gosh. Not being mean, but she was horrible. Horrible. I know.
So I was like that very sheltered girl who went to christian school all her life and and after. And then she was just don't know if she, like, fell off the wagon and went crazy. So, like, I don't know, I wasn't at that stage yet where I wanted to party or anything. Like, I just started college. Like, I'm not gonna, you know, to my home and go crazy. So I would like, leave at 12:00 to go to a bar within like, 12 guards would go and I'm like, this is crazy. Like, I don't care, but like, and then they came back. Of course, I get through in the morning. Well, guess what this girl did. She decided to have a party in a room making brownies and I'm like, during the morning on a Tuesday.
That
not
only
do we have a shoe box when I was like, you know, like two twins and like, literally like each other, you know, barely any space. Yeah. Just so you know I only know their needs to stay at two weeks. I moved out. It'll be my mom kid. She drove down three hours and then
myself into it was like a house turned into apartments and thank goodness. Uh my grandma has her best friends down there and they told us about it. So I lived there for three. a half years. So
I
never
wrong, I will research my roommates if I move out with someone.
I do, I have to birds.
Why?
Not so like I feel guilty. I kind of dropped the bird. Well he like flies on the floor but like clip his feathers of course. So like kind of like broken slash brand his ankle. So here I am like calling bed. Well guess what? There's something that's to take care of birds. So
I'm gonna grab an hour like into Atlanta to go. Can you guys
just
hard
work out
raised by now? He's your limit a little but it will be fine.
Yeah I know it's fun like you know it's kind of a crazy person. So I brought a leash for them. Remember it's gonna wanna walk.
You know, I don't know if you know I'm gonna show you a picture. It's really cute. Let's see you.
Okay. So um one is named Lucky because our, we used to have a yellow one and then um our neighbor found it in his backyard and gave it to us. So we just call them like you since then and then. So necessary. 18 years later my dad's coworker find the bird at his pool. He was like, hey you got a bird, you another one
we call it cause a bird rescue. It's really funny.
let's see. Here we go and see.
Well in this new petting him loops I slaved. Okay,
good.
Is this
more funny?
Alright. Here's my mom walking the bird
and actually we realize
we don't even need one anyways because we like clip their feathers so I just don't put them on anymore. I'll just come outside. I'll put them on my little finger. I'll lock.
but
your
reports,
do you have any pets
because
smaller
horses? Have you seen those?
Some are horses are huge.
Yeah, I know there's like china, it's like a great dane or something and
I
was
with my
mom. Nobody's
No.
gosh.
Oh that's nice.
We were in the world taking the animals,
we're saving the world. We're taking animals from.
You
make some killing holy cow one a little X ray, which we decided not to do, But it was like $200
my
So like my friend's dog has cancer or something. She's found $5,000 on the dog. And not to be mean, but like Holy Cow, you can buy a little bunch for $5,000.
Tonight.
I
don't think.
I don't know where she got some
money, but she's a manager at Kroger and I'm like, well, I don't know what you're paying
for
that, right?
Our
only
size
and
sheriff
here,
like
I'm going to be
way
more
5000.
Well if he's not even carrying out it's gonna be over 5000, like it's like
bring up. But yeah, that's a good profession and yours too. Holy Grail. And the low. Hello? Little cannon.
know.
Yeah. It's actually not even that much mad. It's just like a little adding and subtracting and even then I'll let my phone for calculator.
algebra
is so
amusing
you and there's
even more knowing
than that.
I
kind
of wish I like clipped out of it, you know? I don't even know there was a thing until like of my senior year where you can just take an exam in like not even have to take the course, you get credit for it.
For when when I got to college, like, I don't know, they said it like last semester I was like what in the world like I would have done it for government and I don't know, my bad glasses. Anything else? Maybe not writing some, I've been writing, but
What's
crazy
like taking algebra so many times because in like no school, it's like, you know, like pre algebra and algebra and then high school you take algebra again. And then like in college when it came they're like, oh the class you want to take and I was like, oh don't just, it was rough. I like myself difficult and go calculus or something. I'm not yet.
No, just try and make Popeye
well
Yeah. You know, it's funny, I went to the store, I got everything I guess the one, I don't know, I forgot,
you know the crest for like the pipe. I
got everything except.
Well
my dad and I went biking this morning because she was like, let's hang out together, you're waking was like great. But there's something in Atlanta called the Silver Comet Trail. It starts in Atlanta end up in Alabama like, oh my God, get up like two or three hours and I'm not personally bikes like every single day, it's like a Once a month-type deal. So I was like out of breath and dying had to stop
every 10 minutes. It was very fun for me.
I was like my test. Like let's go And I'm like, no, you
know, I'm gonna sit here, you can go into the car and let me ask you. So.
Well, it's like my butt was hurting from the seat and my legs and I won't, but we stopped to walk to see this trail and I'm like, I couldn't feel my legs walking downhill. Yeah.
But yeah, I stopped and got the crest on the way home
that was followed
on my
day. So
you know, I always put a time on my phone because I don't trust it, but I hear the full Well, you never know. Okay. So it has been 25 minutes. Yeah.
I
watched
the
movie and I didn't realize I had a meeting today until like twice before and I was like holy cow, I gotta finish this movie, but also don't pull a clark and then I met standings and so I'm gonna probably re watch the last night. Another movie. Yeah,
yeah. You did. Good luck to school. It
was the Great
Plains.