Hey, how are you?
The light behind me? I'm doing good, I'm Reagan nice to meet you.
Is this your first time doing this?
Me
too. Actually I did it. Yes. And the, I have like a guy partner and I was asking him the same thing and he was like, you know,
um So he said that like last time he did it it took him to a screen and said that like if you wanted to sign up again just go ahead and do it. And
I was like,
I didn't
even know you could do that. And so I did it and I still, have you been getting it today? But
are you in school?
And if you look in grad school or anything,
I understand.
Yeah. I mean rare to meet a person who is like really into school, so we just go and get it out of the way. What did you study in Grad school?
So do
you
like,
Yeah, I'm an undergrad. Um so I'm 20, I just turned 20, sorry, it took me a minute because I turned 20 tune and I keep wanting to say 19.
I'm a rising junior though and I go to swanee, it's like a smaller liberal arts school that's like an hour east of Nashville. Yeah,
did you go to school in Georgia or
they?
Yeah, I've got a couple of friends to go to swanny that are from Augusta, so
I've
never been there
myself, but here. Uh huh. Cool. Um So where do you go to under cry?
Yeah. How's that been for you?
I bet
it's good. I'm happy that they like that you secured a job. But so the guy I talked to yesterday um said that he couldn't find any work, he actually just finished grad school too, but just like it's the job market right now, I'm sure like I really glad I'm not on it, but
I'm sure it's really tough.
Yeah. Yeah, I do have a linkedin um I don't use it very often, but I hear it's a good one. Mhm.
Yeah, I think it's like if you don't have one, it's like why don't you have one? But yeah, so um have you lived in Georgia your whole life?
It's still like a claim to something cool. I think so, even if it's a couple of weeks.
What are the odd?
Uh Have you always known you want to study accounting or did you just decide when you went to undergrad?
Yeah. Well that's cool um that is a lot of different things that I mean it's so many options, I feel like these days you really can't go wrong with as long as you look like what you're doing.
Um Yeah, I had a pretty good idea, so I'm a politics in english major um and I do like in high school that I wanted to go to law school, but I didn't know if I wanted to study policy or like, like I don't know, communications or whatever because I think you can do a lot of different majors and still go to law school. Um but I ended up picking my politics major with my freshman year and then I added on an english major because really like reading and writing and um I
know
that like it's
awful, it's going to be reading writing happy, so it's like good to get the practice in now.
Yeah, and my dad is like in the politics and government and so I kind of grew up watching him and decided I don't think I want to do that too.
Yeah. The only siblings.
Oh she's nursing? That's cool.
Is she like is she in a job right now? Because I know that like.
I bet.
One.
Yeah. It's I mean I would I feel so like not bad for them but like I mean I feel for anyone in the health care profession right now because I know that's just so tough and like totally like unsung heroes. But like I don't know I think I'd be too scared to do that. Like you're literally risking your life everything.
No I mean that's got to take a toll on you. Like this is random but my mom and my sister like watching Grey's Anatomy and I used
to watch
really? Okay, I used to watch it with him and then I was like I can't watch this anymore. It takes too much out of
me. Just like watching people die
back to
back.
Wait, you said them like Grey's Anatomy?
my
goodness.
So you've
been following it for that long?
Oh my goodness.
That's literally been metering quarantine. But like with Grey's Anatomy I um I think I've watched it like maybe the first five seasons and then I was I can't do this anymore like
but
I
mean
that
Derek Yeah I slept it up.
Yeah. I think I felt around the time when you guys. That was that was so sad thing like I don't even care about that show anymore but like I still care about
the fact
that
MEREDITH. Really?
That's
Oh you mean the other like her friend had been
I don't know what his name was, I'm going blank on
it.
I didn't know he left to. That's sad.
I feel like
that he was like friends with their like dating or something.
I think
so.
I
think honestly it's the creator, you know Sean arrives. Is she like, right? Because I think it's just her. I literally I blame her because I watched having Away with murder and I watched scandal to and like she has no problem whatsoever being mean to her characters. I think she just doesn't care. Which is like good I guess
for
writer
in front.
I mean it's like realistically
if a hospital, I told my sister, I told my sister this all the time. Like if a hospital had that many crises like and that many terrible things happen, it would have shut down. Like nobody would go to that hospital
anymore. Like it is so unrealistic that like just things happen. Didn't like someone breaking with a gun one time and I had to go on like oh my goodness, there's just so many things like crazy things that happened in that show, it's pretty draining. So
are
you watching
thing?
Are you
watching?
Right? I said are you watching any right now? And the new one?
Is it on netflix? I haven't heard of it well.
my
No, it's fine. I haven't
seen it.
What? Oh my God.
And it's a series or it's like a movie.
You know my sister also watches that? Neither. I think maybe she used to watch it but I
never got
so the only thing I know about jane The Virgin is the girl like I think the main character um she also plays in this movie. That netflix did, I think it's called um
Someone Great I think yeah it's called Someone Great and it has like Lucky to stay in field and it's about like these this girl and like she breaks up with them and but it's really cute, it's like a have you seen it? Okay. Yeah, no
that's
the
feeling.
Yeah that was a good movie, I remember that maybe like made me so emotional, I was like oh my god it was really sweet, cool cool.
So have you been like um doing anything new during quarantine? Like picking up any new hobbies or anything?
Oh my god I bet it's really hard to like make yourself cook when someone's been cooking for you um
like definitely understand um what have you been cooking or like if you
there's
nothing
wrong
with
breakfast
the best.
This is a good thing to know how to make it so versatile, like
I think there's so many different variations on classism.
That's cool.
I
love
chicken
pox,
I've never like made one, but I like
like
Yeah, those are so good. I used to eat those a lot like in high school and then
establish himself down and I realize that it's actually like pretty bad for you and I stopped eating them, but like those are like my guilty pleasure. This.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't I haven't eaten, there's a lot of my school um So it's like like I mentioned it's pretty small but we only have one dining home and everybody goes that one dining hall because it's kinda like a really like small community feel it's it's nice but like
for some reason I just don't eat like meals unless it's from the dining hall or I go and eat out. Like I won't like cook myself, I think I don't like using other people's kitchens so I won't use the dorm kitchen or anything. So I have not been eating a lot of mac and cheese, but I do like mac and cheese, it's very good.
Yeah, so um swanee and I can talk all day about money. But um so it's different, we have all all on campus living. I don't know how to say that. I guess like everyone lives on campus. Um So it's like kind of rural, rural, there's not like a like a lot of like apartment complexes or anything around there. So it's it's actually really nice, like it sounds weird and I actually didn't really realize that it was weird until my friends, they graduated with me like started getting apartment because they went to state schools and stuff and I was like oh is that like normal to have an apartment?
But it keeps everyone really like connected and like keeps that community feels I like it. Ah
that.
that's so like having a bad roommate, I haven't had to experience it, but like my sister had a really bad roommate your freshman year and like that's the work because like literally I mean like having to share your space when someone is already kind of like a lot if you've been like like if
you had
your
own.
my
that's cool, aren't you mm
do you
have any pets?
Oh do you have any pets?
Oh that's cool.
I feel like I've done this two times before and I think I've had people if they had pets and so I was like oh yeah I have a cat or a dog, like I never expected birds, that's really cool.
Like
and
what
is ankle
all?
Yeah I feel like birds are pretty like they're pretty tough tougher than you think.
That's so funny. Oh my god, why did they actually walk or do they like fly on?
What are their names?
Thanks
or that's cute.
And I can see.
Oh my gosh,
I mean I can honestly I have never seen that before,
You
have like blown my mind, I've never seen a bird on a leash.
Uh That's
just what?
that's cool. So
do
you
like mm
Oh yeah I do. I have two dogs. Um they're both like these little white puppies or they're
not even puppy. I call them puppy. I call all dogs puppies Because I feel like they're all puppies but
my dog crashed.
You know what
what like a dog horse?
Oh yeah. I still feel like those are puppies to me. Like
I
don't
know.
Yeah, I've got two dogs. I've had one of them since we moved into our house. A like a really long time. I think we've had him like 12. No. Yeah like 12, 13 years and then the other one. Um our neighbor actually like they moved out now but they had like little kids and you know how sometimes like people felt puppies and stuff outside of Kroger? Okay so this guy was like selling puppies out of the box and like the little kids like oh I want one, I want one. And they
literally, they got it and I guess the mom like just let them have it in the moment but didn't really want it. And so she kept him for like two months maybe. And then was like I got to get rid of them were like we'll take him. So you know, just like give him back after two months.
Mm Yeah, but we've had him probably for like eight years. So a pretty long time too.
Yeah. My sister
what?
Oh yeah, they have in the world in their own little way. Um My sister loves them though. Probably more than I do. She's going to vet school maybe next year. She just graduated this year.
She's technique.
I know. And it's funny because like people always make jokes like people will pay more for their pets and they do for their kids. But like really people are willing to pay a lot to like keep, take
care of their pets and expense.
No, Seriously. And it's funny because like,
I mean it's not even funny. It's, it's more just like, it interesting because I'm sure that if someone like there wasn't as well off like from a different country, something like where to come and be like, you guys spend that much money on dogs and like I, I can't have food like that.
That's
lot.
Hi.
I
mean,
I guess they love us so much. You have to love
them too.
And
it's
funny
because
like they
do not
know
that we're
spending
that much money. Mm
Oh my God, wow.
Oh no. A county. It's funny. The guy I was talking to yesterday again, he's um, he was like a biology teacher or something and I was like, it's really funny that some people are good at stem. Like I assume you like to some extent like math because you're an accountant, but like I could never like, I'm so bad. Like anything that stimulated. So like it's a, I was like, it's so funny when people are just like good at reading and some people would never reading their lives and some people are
like, like math does not work for me. Oh yes.
Okay. Now even that, like adding something, I think I've been putting off my required math and science classes is gonna like general education, whatever you call it, take those classes. I'm a rising junior and like it's still not my schedule. So I have like three semesters left to take these, I think three classes and I've been putting it off for as long
as I can. I'm
so
sweet.
I
can't,
I'm so scared to be basic college algebra. I mean high school algebra, like I haven't done it and I think I didn't take it my senior year of high school, so I haven't been like math or science really and like three or four years and I'm really scared but I like sit down and try to do it. I'm not going to be able to
do
it anymore,
no, we didn't have that. Um So I went to christian school so I was like a pretty small private christian school and uh maybe like in my state like the other like public schools might do that but we didn't have that option I think.
I'd say I wish I could do that for math, but I know that I wouldn't pass the test so
wouldn't even
more.
Uh huh. Whoa. So are you like you have any plans for the rest of the day? What
well
good luck with that. I'm sure it's gonna turn out good. I think like anything homemade you can't go wrong with it.
The chicken?
like oh my gosh.
So you have to like go back and get it now
or did you?
that's
oh my gosh. I can't imagine like biking is a workout that is difficult.
Look
you would think of it like only make your legs sore but it's really like a total body workout. Like you're working.
gosh. I bet
that's cool. Yeah.
That sounds
like
all right. Do you know what time we got on?
Well I'm gonna get back to I was watching T. V. So I'm going to like to that. But it
was nice talking
to
you.
Well you have fun doing that. Good luck with your pot pie tonight. It was nice to talk to you.
Thank
you.
Bye.