Yeah. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello, can you hear
me? What's up my name is? Sam nice to meet you.
I'm doing great,
it's pretty good. I thought it was gonna be cold today but decided to be a little hot.
The weather
can't make up its mind.
I'm from Cali how about you,
From watching him? Holy that's so crazy. I've
never been out of California so
that's awesome. I've heard about a lot of that, a lot of people come down here to go to college so how old are you if you don't mind me asking
6? I'm a year younger than you?
too far, not too far off.
That's awesome. I know I just I just turned 25 2 in September. Well that's cool. I like it. I'm glad that we're not too far off in age. It makes me feel more comfortable.
And that's what I'm worried about. two. I'm like mm that's like my main question that goes through my head, is it gonna be a guy is going to be a girl? And how old will they be? Yeah,
That's cool.
This
will
be my second
time doing it here. My 2nd 1.
It was very well. Yeah, I'm surprised it went good the first time. So I was like, man, I got to try it out again. Mhm. And not even like for the pay, like the pay is good. But even if I wasn't getting paid for it, I would not mind doing it because it's really cool.
I like it.
exactly. It goes pretty smooth. All right. So we gotta talk for like 25, 30 minutes. Yeah.
What's the longest combo that you had?
Damn brother. Congratulations.
But
still
just
just to get that. Yeah, that's pretty cool.
I'm telling it. Like you got the Nike on. I got the Adidas
No,
I got my Nike slippers so
we're rocking. That doesn't work. It was like the two brands that I really like if I had to choose, like I'm not really into Gucci or like Louis or something, you know, not real high and Yeah.
I feel that no Bugatti is needed
now. I'm rocking in the camera so I'm cool. You know, it still gets me places. I mean it's four wheels, you know? As long as I got money for gas, I'm good.
It's actually not that bad. I have a I have an app on my phone and it shows me where the cheapest gas is and where the lowest prices. So I found a real cheap one and it's like about 2, 80 It's going down about 2 70. It fluctuates, you know? But the highest one I would have to say is about like $4. How
about
you?
No, it is ridiculous for
gallon
mommy about it.
Yeah that's like art bone shell. That's kind of average. Almost four books freaking gas ma'am.
It's expensive.
Yeah because I mean it's not too too easy to get it. I mean I understand you know it is what it is.
What do I watch? I love adult comedy. So I would have to go with like the Cleveland show futurama, all that stuff. You know the classic
South Park family Go, how about you?
I got it.
I've been hearing great things about that. That's the one with a little baby Yoda. Right. Yeah.
Death
is still happening no matter what. So you definitely recommend it, You've seen it all.
The buoy
The Under Boys
Old The Boys. Is it on netflix or hulu?
Hold on, amazon's okay. I've seen a couple
of those on there.
mm I gotta check it out. I've never seen it. I just barely barely started getting into amazon Prime, I got my ululu um and the Disney plus instead of the free trial, there's too many things out there.
Yeah, I don't use it as much, I only use it for in particular things I can't find in stores but it's rare. I prefer like I'm old fashioned, I like to buy stuff in stores, you know because I can see it and I know if it's gonna fit or be right, but
nowadays they're saying go get everything online, you know, it's all
futures.
Or opposite.
What what games do
Shadow of War? Nice. That's more updated.
No, I haven't. The only games I player like some old fashioned ones, like double oh seven James Bond or super Mario brothers.
Yeah, Gold and I,
I love the inattentive 64 type of games, the old cartridges, you gotta blow on and put it in.
Yeah, shit. Till this day, I still have my ideas, I got my gameboy, my ideas, my Nintendo.
Let's go hard.
I'm a big gamer.
The hand, how I got like Atari and Namco, you know, I said I play asteroids like centipede old
fashioned ones, you know the ones that you can get like in the arcade games, you know the old 25
cent ones
and you play
I know her. I know, but man, I live in the old generation, I have an old soul.
Yeah, who do you like to listen? So who's your favorite
artist?
I'm down, I have my google nous so I just say, hey, what's up google, you know, play some music for me
man.
there ain't.
No
question. I love Michael yet. I remember when I was driving on the road and I heard when he passed away and
I was like damn, you know, so sad. I had to pull off to the side. I was with my dad and we pulled out to the side and had a moment and they started playing all his songs and I was like damn, this shit is not real. You know. Then you get home and see it all blasted on tv, you know everywhere. And that was one big last
Kobe Michael. We're just
losing
all the legends.
You were tripping out hard. Like what
he liked to
Yeah. What rose you have?
I was grateful. I went down to the place right when he passed away like two days after and I got to put flowers and stuff.
Yeah. It was like right out in front of it. It was pretty dope. There was so many people, thousands, thousands. So many jerseys. So many like basketballs. You name it so much like memorable stuff that people put out there and just left it on the curve. But this
duke,
I'm
glad.
No, I didn't. I just went out for his death for the rest in peace, G and Kobe.
I
mean
I'm not, I'm not a big basketball fan, but I
mean since I was
little.
I
just love him as a person.
Damn. That's crazy. I remember when I was little seeing him playing so, but you never appreciated and so when he dies and then you realize all the great stuff that he does, it's like damn,
that
was
too
little.
that's pretty dope man. You know, a legend. I can't wait to, you know, I think that would be the only thing that I want to die for it is
to meet all
these
people. Mhm.
See
them
all
in one place,
let's say, do you think that there is like a heaven or hell do you believe in that? Are you religious?
I
feel good.
You're
living
in
the moment. Yeah.
That's right.
No,
that's
good.
I like that. I like that you have a good head on things, you know, you're not leaning towards one or the other, you're kind of neutral, you know? Yeah, let's
go.
Yeah. And a lot of people stress so highly about that man, those people out on the street and stuff, you know, preachers.
come
on,
relax, getting the times, let's be real for a minute. It's crazy. I've never really been to religious. I was baptized when I was younger and raised catholic and when I'm on the freeway and stuff, you know, like I, you know, salute myself for good luck. But that's really, I don't go to church and stuff like that.
It's just something I was hot.
I hear you, I hear that it's just like an average question that you know, I'm gonna ask people, are you religious or I think are you political? You know, I'm not really political either. I lean more democrat side though if I had to choose.
It's just not worth the argument sometimes for
I
know by right now Felisha, like I swear to God if I were to turn on the webcam and I see like go trump, you know, in the back or something like a flag or whatever, I'm like uh you
know,
I just be like, damn, is
this
happening?
You know,
I
had
some
wifi
problems. Oops, they
were
trump
supporter.
there
was,
there was one where I was having internet problems and I couldn't log in and my computer was messing up and I was like 10 minutes late and
I messaged them and told them, hey I'm totally willing to do this, but my computer was just giving me problems, so they just message you and give you a new link copy and paste it on your, you know your thing and you're good to go.
And
it still worked.
Yeah, that's awesome.
That's
think
I think they really need people then they're like, you know what, forget it, we'll still use your code. It's good to go. It's
not
one of those expiring ones, you know, like, oh, this code
is only
good
for a couple days.
That's
awesome. How long have you been doing the prolific, like in general? How long whole
year? Damn. That's awesome.
Just a few months ago. Just
barely. Yeah.
It
works
out. And especially for people who are on their computers and stuff and it's so
like,
it's the norm, it's the norm nowadays, technology, you know, it kind of takes over
us
every day.
Yeah. I think about like every 10 minutes or something. I'm checking my phone and it's for a missed call or instagram or something. It's
crazy,
And
you're
like,
you're hoping, you know, that something would be, they're different, but you know, not much.
Yeah. My friends like that. That's a cool website. I checked
it out a few times.
They tell you everything,
They got the memes on there and stuff.
Yeah. I don't think there
is. Yeah I think I at
least
see like 100 a day.
Mhm. And you can you remember half of them
we input so much but our brain is only gonna take
what it wants
right? Like then you're late,
I'm early.
and they'll barely catch the wave and then you will have like three or four people sending you the same thing and you're like you know it gets played out, you're like already saw that last week. You know that was funnier than but they're just barely catching on.
That's crazy freaking read it man. Yeah I've heard about it, I've been on it on google but I don't have like the actual app. Mhm.
Well
no
I think everything has that too. I have a horse race app that I use and stuff and the the NFL sport like streams and stuff when I watch football sometimes they don't have it on tv. So I played off the laptop and they have little sections right there on the chats and they talk about some crazy stuff and I'm like what are you guys doing? You know like
what the
hell?
Yeah the chat relives that's what they are like the free ones and stuff. They go on there. They talk about some crazy nonsense,
some
random
people.
I've been seeing those a lot lately on new things that I've been getting wild so that's cool man. I really had a great conversation with you and if we ever if we ever get to you know come in contact again I'd
definitely you know say what's up?
No? Yeah of course I'm not all right. I I always tell people to I'm like, you know, do you have to go like just
checking
in
what time is it over there, where you're at?
It's five am okay. So I'm a little early. I have to um to 23,
but why is that terrible?
I just
have
more
time
of the day. Your day is about
to
end pretty soon.
Kind
of
I have the Youtube premium so I'll be listening to music whenever and ever. You know, I have my app. I have I pay for my music so whenever I want to hear something I'm telling you, I just tell my little google, hey, play
this, play that.
they
emailed
me about that.
You
can
get a lot of yeah, you can get a lot of good pricks with that if you just read
it. But you know, you just have
to be
willing to use it.
Yeah, I did it for a free trial.
You know,
I got the fire stick to the fire stick and that's how I found out about the amazon thing and I watched a few new tv shows on that that you can't get anywhere else because it's just on the prime.
Yeah, they have the road crew to, you heard about that one? It's like the same thing. Just different company.
Exactly. Yeah. You go to the store, they have so many of the same things. Okay what noodle to get. They have so many different types of the noodles but it's all gonna taste the same. The truth.
You feel me like hot sauce, milk creamer, like cheese. Like there's all different types of varieties of one damn thing and I'm like, I just need this. You know why? You gotta be so complicated,
you just get it done. You do a Post me to like Grubhub, Have you ever done it that?
Have
you?
Okay, so you ordered your food? Okay, I'm a driver. I used to do
it,
I
tested
it out for a bit but it's it's really not worth it,
it really wasn't. And then now that they were talking about um they wanted to
do
like
yeah, they're having some problems about it. Same with the Uber and the lift, they're trying to vote like actual like, you know like hourly pay instead of making just what you get, but it's
going to be
too expensive.
I think the
Uber one, but I heard something about Postmates is still going to be active with just working at your own pay, you know, I don't know, I'm not I didn't really, really read fully up into it, but I haven't been doing it. You know, it's just, you have to have like money in your pocket ready to go. You have to have a full gas tank and then I feel like you do a couple deliveries and then boom, your gas tank is like empty and then you get
your
money back on. Just the gas that you use.
Exactly. You feel me. So you always got to make sure your will, your will suspension is good. You gotta make sure, I guess you got to make sure you have an oil change and it's all on you. It's all out of pocket. So you're spending more in the long run, you're putting miles and wear and tear on your car when it's unnecessary. So in the long run to me it
wasn't profitable.
Yeah. They go through some shit, especially at nighttime to, with the bars, people barfing and getting sick, forgetting where they're going, going
to sleep, not wanting to wake up. My uncle used to work for the Uber and he did it for a couple a couple months and that's all it took for him to know what it was about. He's like, no, if I'm good, this is not for me.
Oop.
Yeah, That's cool whenever you want to stop them down.
All
men.
It
great talking to you. I hope you have a great rest of your day. Okay,
take care.