What?
I mean man how you doing
how you doing today?
Where
you from?
Are you from?
Um D. C. Yeah.
What
I heard California trail, my friend went to San Diego State University University of San Diego I guess that one
26. Will yourself?
25. While I just.
Apparently it takes like three months ago though. So
Yeah that's pretty true. I've got some old guy from Arizona before.
Yeah I've done I've done this a couple of times. I've gotten three like 33 different age groups. 23 times. I did it.
We're
here
to support
you.
Nice. That was your 1st 1.
Yeah random.
I haven't I haven't had a bad conversation like a contentious one. So that,
25 I think
I had 27 because luckily some dude some like some guy was like he was like had to be like in his forties like he had his kid was there, his little kid was there And then he, that just happened to be starting to talk about some I. T. Stuff that was getting too. And he and he was in the I. T. Field. So we like, we just talked about like that for like it was like the random, the luckiest like matchup like some guy like, like new the industry and tell me what to do because let me just getting started with the most lucky lucky thing. I got his information and everything.
Yeah. I mean I still haven't, I still haven't emailed him yet. I don't know what I'm waiting for, but
at
least I got
it.
Yeah.
I gotta be the shoes on right now. So sorry.
I'm not going to matter.
mix and match.
I just like, I just like notable things like listen, it's notable like it's respectable. Like I see you not like, oh I see you got like a like okay respect like uh like in a car terms like not like a Bentley but like audie audience like uh I see you. I see, but it's not like high end, but it's still, it's still you still respect somebody with that.
Yeah, I know that. Yeah.
Yeah. I was Gascoigne's house gas in California.
That's
ridiculous.
That's ridiculous.
I mean
how
is, how is that something like 380 usually as far as like 360 something right there.
What
for no reason. I mean for for a lot of reasons but
What do you do for entertainment? Like what do you watch?
I think,
I don't know, I don't, I mean I watch like don't turn those things on, but I would like I could watch those things like I like I probably watched like millions of those shows but my South Park as much. But like all the other ones I've watched so many of those episodes but like I don't I wouldn't I wouldn't see myself putting it on. But recently
recently I like I literally just finished watching like I timed it perfectly like it was 32 minutes episode, timed it perfectly to end up to this but just watch the Mandalorian. It was elite show demanded mark Elite Show. I'm sorry.
it's like it's not like it's like not even you can see like it's not like an adult show but it's not a kids show and they still killing people. We
would get up.
Yeah. I mean I still, the first season in the second season just came out there coming episodic. You watched The Boys, I guess. The Boys and adult comedy. I will consider that
you heard a Voice.
No, the Boys,
it's on amazon Prime.
You are
the one the one with the crazy superior or they'll kill each other like crazy like this magical heads in.
I have amazon prime solely because I have amazon prime because I order stuff. Everything else. I'm sorry. I sell the sail the high seas.
Think
I'm
sorry. I was that's how I am with video games. I'm gonna line with video games. I don't like anything physical actually. I really don't like anything physical. They seem like such clutter to be nowadays. Yeah. Yeah.
We got I have this have this one like video game that's like that has a case. The one game that has a case. And it annoys me so much. I see this case because the disk is inside my PS four all the time. This is the one game. So it's just so it's just a random it's a random uh it's a random box every time I see. So like I hate that kind of carter.
Yeah. Shadow of War. Shadow War.
That's uh what's the cause The Lord of Rings Game. I don't have you heard of it?
Go tonight. Go tonight.
I was gonna go tonight guy.
Yeah. What's called tomorrow 64. I had that on the DS whenever you made it.
Well john
you got your nose
well, James you got on the handheld games.
And
You
can get
always been going to your phone. You can just get about your phone.
Uh huh. I have also when it comes to music, I was just jamming the old music today. Actually
there
were some new edition. I was a system notice in the summer uh if you uh what's it called when I was in the return of the mack today. Oh my God, that's beautiful. Someone was standing so Michael Michael Jackson, me see my daily my daily mix. I read this out to you. This is because by the time so I would probably blessed me.
and Michael Jackson beat it came on today for me the way you make me feel remember the time. Oh my God
my blue came on usher and Alicia keys come on now
I'm
impressed.
the
everybody
come
with that.
I was on I was on the run when Kobe died and then like somebody was playing like chief keef you know you know chief keef Kobe? He has a song named Kobe. So like, so I was running and I was like, hey like go that's a good song because I like, I love that song and then they said they arrested piece of this man. And so I was like what? They killed chief keef.
They
was like, they like they got you keep but there was like no Kobe died like what
it was, it was crazy and like I just stopped running. I just can't, I just walked in. I was going to
the staples center.
it's
a crazy turn of events. You go out like, like eight and then eight months later. Yeah, celebrating that title. That's crazy. Is
it?
Uh did you go out for that?
No,
they
didn't.
No
Kobe
Kobe transcended everything. You don't matter. I do
is elite.
He's a nice guy. I'm sad. I'm sad that I'm sad. I mean, I guess me too. I said I didn't appreciate the way he was in the league. I really, I didn't really really when I watched because when he was playing playing, I wasn't really watching, watching basketball. I started watching basketball 2011. So like the season after he won the title.
One
of
them
Oscar
coaching, coaching his kids team. Do you want to Oscar? These are the strength wasn't too nice.
Does
he
go with
yeah, true.
That
was
pretty
That'd be pretty cool.
I guess. I'm not religious. I just doesn't really matter to me. Like it's like I believe it's there. But like I feel like and it definitely attribute like it's like matters to people. Like it doesn't really matter to me at the moment. I'm just, I'm just like a chill counter person. I'm not worried about going, I'm not worried about going either one. Like I feel
like
It's like I'm confident, like I'm a good person enough to where I'm not going 1-1 side, you know what I mean? So
don't
worry about
it.
Yeah, I'm not like, I'm not like if I was people that worry about that stuff like they, they're like, was it was called they just they're not sure of themselves. Yeah, because if you're sure yourself, then you always be happy to go wherever it's time to go wherever you need to go.
That's why I am so like, that's not
so
like
I believe in it,
I know
I'm not going to stop me from doing that. Like I'm not gonna be like, you know when I go to hell for this, when I go to heaven for this, like like if I give something to somebody, I'm not doing it for something for some some some higher power, you know what I mean?
Yeah. Fuck your life up so much and fucks up fucks other people like it makes them worry about other people, you know what I mean? Some father can worry about their whole family, his whole family might go to hell son like come on like
chill
out.
Yeah like I.
Mhm. Yeah I consider myself a christian because like why not why wouldn't like like it's I guess I guess that's a terrible reason like I was born with it. I don't care like I don't care enough for you to try to come to me like to just prove it. No, I just believe it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. I believe I believe in jesus is okay, like I don't really care. I don't care if you don't if you if you have an opinion, you know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm like a religious, but like, I'm not religious to a point where it affects me.
I guess I'm I guess I'm I guess I'm political to sense where like, I'm aware and also if you're on the other side, I don't fuck with me. Like, so like, and then so it's like it stops right there. So like I want to argue with you. It's like because like, like if you're okay with this, then I I know you're a person, so I'm all right, okay. I don't I don't need to talk to you anymore, you know what I mean?
So like Yeah, so like, I guess I'm because I'm political to that sense, but I'm not I'm not I'm not in rallies, I don't I'm not and the Democratic Party looking for stuff like caring about all of that stuff. But but if you are a trump supporter like deep I'm good I'm good. I'm good on you by
your good. Yeah.
I
wouldn't I wouldn't know I wouldn't know what to do. I
would
do it.
I would
I wouldn't know what to do because I would I wouldn't know what to do. I would I would cut off my internet. Didn't say yeah, that's fucked up. I
don't know.
And
then
there
And
then it
was
just me. Yeah. But I think one of my one of my cut out and I got to reschedule. I
think
it was my fault.
No.
I did it off the random. I did I did it like months ago. I started a months ago, right? And then randomly I was just like, yeah, this messages here. You think I could find rescheduled from here. And I just literally reposted it like three months later. And like schedule from the
messages.
Yeah. And then it just scheduled me again. All right. All
That
was good.
Go on.
And
english.
That's
the reason
why.
That's also the reason why apparently they're always putting uh The maximum amount. When I first started it was four and now it's seven. So I'm just getting a four and so like I'm pretty good. Mhm.
What
Medicaid.
Did you when you start
make
I mean everything went up from COVID and you get to work from home and you have a little thing in the corner. So as you're working, you get a little $5 task. Okay. I'll take it little
15
on.
all
the time. Yeah. It's literally, yeah,
let's
say some.
it's the same.
It's
terrible. It's terrible when you realize like he checked it five minutes ago and then nothing has changed. That's
the
worst
field.
That's why you gotta go and read it. You always find something on there. Yeah.
always,
yeah, I use it for sports. Every, every single thing. Every single sport, I need to hear
anything every every so I go every like if I'm bored, okay, I got six favorite, I got six favorite sports teams. Let's get so like I'm never gonna fall off or something. Then also you have, when they have like randomized posts that are funny and shit. You got the marvel movie section. I gotta go in there sometimes. You know, I'm a nerd trump.
Okay. Yeah, but I really look at those I look at the memes I guess everything has means. Everything has means now.
Everything
when
there is
easy what I've been trying.
Yeah. So sad.
and then
and then everybody thinks they're the first person I saw it and whatnot. You know what I mean? When they posted like that's like three years ago on twitter.
He was
I hate people I hate when that happens. Somebody sends me something. I saw three days ago like somebody sends me something on instagram I saw three days ago on twitter. Yeah.
it's terrible.
Yes it definitely
has this terrible sections that it has. It's pretty lighthearted sections that's didn't like hardest sections. Put
over sections. You can you can get some real right wing people over there.
Remember
that.
Crazy chat rooms are crazy on streams on it's crazy.
I don't
understand
what they
they put a chat, they put a chat room on any stream. I'm watching any like, like live stream. I'm watching. Yeah.
People,
We still got three minutes though.
Oh no, I
didn't
have, I didn't have to have dinner. I have difference for college friends at seven whatsoever for yeah,
5 25 23.
that's terrible. I
mean it's not it's not terrible at all actually. It's pretty cool.
I
was
just
thinking,
I was
just,
yeah, We're just thinking about it. You guys get music at 9:00. Is that true? Is that you guys get new music at 9:00 PMclock
because we
do that Because we get it at 12. Like we get out 12. I have to, I have to say we got 12 just today to listen to music. It was terrible.
He,
I just found out because I had amazon prime, I have three months free for amazon video. I mean, I'm not, I'm not and you have video amazon music. So just on that, I'm
on that
anyway.
Yeah. It's too many of those services. You
can get
caught
air.
Like
you
said you had that Disney plus uh, lulu package.
That's this crazy package with ESPN.
That's insane. I always thought about that.
I got the google chrome is that's just the that's the that's the that's the basic extreme stream. This video.
Yeah. It's insane that so many different things out sell the same thing.
Thank you, ridiculous.
That's why the other people do it for me on when I go to amazon, the whole food tap.
Yeah. But I got a crazy. Yeah. No like yeah like yeah I mean
the
Uber Uber eats I guess.
That's
great. That's
pretty
low.
The pay isn't worth it
in
the
California having some things. Thanks and some yeah. They voted or something about that.
The people
didn't
Uber Uber and Uber Day one. Right? It's
terrible.
And
also
and then also driving around with fucking fucks up your car.
I
yeah I've heard I've heard some people I've heard some people that only like drives like Uber Uber and do it at night. It's terrible. Like they they make only like 300 200 this the time they put in the price. They tell me with what they have to deal with this. Don't make sense to me.
Little
Marathons has died.
Well, we've been we've been at it for 28 minutes, so yeah,
I'm going, juices
have a good
time.
I was Egypt.
Me too.