How are you?
Girl. I know. I work at night. So yeah, it's really early. I'm just opening my eyes. Almost forgot
it's eight in the morning there. It's 11 or almost 11 a.m.
Where you at?
I wish I was there.
Was it? Uh huh.
Well, I'm in Kentucky.
No
is
going and people are crazy here. Yeah.
In Louisville. I don't know if you've seen the news. They got them riots going on.
They had that cop shoot up my girl and they're just crazy.
I don't either. But I see it. I
don't watch the news because it's all negative all the time. So I just choose not cute. There's enough negativity already. I don't need to buy tomorrow. What do you do for a living?
Yeah. I work at uh ups and do freelance stuff at home bob seven. I tell I do is work 24 7.
I work for Line Bridge and I worked for wrapping and I do
like
use your tests and all kinds of sized up to.
Am I what?
And
I
have,
I have that ad, but I don't get on it.
Michael clicker. No, I ever heard of those.
So having capsules, Line bridge. I'm like, do different things like write stuff. They give you different projects. Like I had to repeat like 75 japanese, uh, from english to japanese titles and recorded that. I think that was the hardest thing I've ever done for. But most of the time
I write web pages and things like that. So
absolutely not.
As my first
time
ever
trying and it was then having a baby. To me. It was so pretty though I sat there in 24 days too good to
do 1700 mines to make it to the point of my quality. I have to have a big decision yet. So. But they like so
I love prolific. It's about the only sarabande company I still do because now that I
worked
in.
There. Yeah. For every day you hear it all day because I got their bar on my web browser. My computer is
both
of them. They thought they say all day
he's a servant.
This is what you mean.
The crow.
Yeah. I haven't
like how what do you mean? And I'm not understanding.
Come on five mine. No clue what to do that. I just listened to it. No clip. There's might be like they pay real small but they have so many. It adds up and it ends up quick and they're saying boring like the other ones. I do those and survey junkies about it.
So.
Brave young Ganz
that real quick too.
mine don't do that whole lot. But yeah,
I can shout at least every other day at $5 from
away
now. Believe it gets one, you can count on all the time and I play games for money. I I like use your testing. That's fun to me. I'm very opinionated person. So I give my opinion on websites and they love it. They pay me for it. I don't know why, but they do. Mhm
I signed
up for that. I never have nothing
craig.
no,
no, no user test. They pay like anywhere from 10 and 20 apiece and then they give you these moderated tests that are 60 you get on there and talk to some stranger on camera for our,
one of their top people in its $60 within a week. I love that. I moved up to that. That's great. It helps a lot.
Oh,
I know. No,
wait, you get older, How old are you right now?
Must be nice. I'm 38 9. Just turned 38. We and I actually worked too, so we're wide open and it was still paycheck to paycheck. So it's it's hard. I
read alone
is $1200. Uh and then we got the car and interns and the audio Adriana and I have a little bit of a chopping cabbage. That's
what I
do on my extra step forward.
no, nothing else side looks good. I don't even leave the house unless I'm going to work were both considered a sin to employees. So
Iraq it sometimes
order
him home.
You have
program where you know you call
Oregon
call and get wal mart, they have a 30 day free child
and
then call,
are
you
serious?
wow. I've never
heard that in my life. Yeah.
No.
We have all your big chains like Kroger and wal mart safeway
and
you
know I have all
these or nothing.
your
groceries
and
just go
get milk. All you have to just go get milk and
just
Oh they always messed my order up. There's always setting this and but it's worth it where I work at the time. It's I can do with one or two items.
That's
what you do and you have here is daughters and grow shoots. I usually order some to be delivered from walmart and I'll go pick up something from coming because they want to charge $10 to deliver. Ain't paying that. And the walmart,
they do that 30 day free trial. I just switched my name and do it again. Yeah, I
know.
That's
not
real
well now amazon I got uh, that amazon prime. I put it under my son's name. Keep that medical card. So I didn't have prices. That's me. That's not exactly on this shop and that's how I get myself. So,
but it's highly worth it. You can go get all their stuff from their pantry and just go get some milk. But I have a store next to me. So that's not so hard.
Well,
they
usually their big thing is that they don't have an item them trying to substitute. Like if you don't catch that text that they give you a text like that. That's good for 15 minutes. And
if you don't get it, they pick it theirselves. No, like I had some sweet Purcell's or send them just regular, hard practice. The elite salted. They don't give me some salt with sweet principles. Now I'm not detecting inside. I don't
want.
Well
now
they
only
target you for what you had. That's a good thing. The money part don't go up. I know I wouldn't tolerate that. That wouldn't happen.
Yeah. I wouldn't know that wouldn't go very well and no, they charged me the cheapest price and sometimes they give me extra so they do that. They will be extra something you like not catch it. They do that all the time. I don't have to go into the store and basically get it myself. No, I just don't have the time between. This is the first day I slept in this light like straight through in like two weeks.
Yeah. I said yesterday I come home and find him and I didn't sleep at all today but I didn't sleep until this morning. I get home about five in the morning.
Usually
try to sleep two can know I might get to eight usually. That's about it. My son does at home schooling now so and he wasn't going to school so now I'd stay away and make sure he's getting on the computer and doing what he said. Yeah, so it's just rough
at the moment but we're getting that underhand real quick. He's got so he's been going so let's see how that goes
this. I know it's like a whole new world, ain't it? I just mm I don't
like wearing a mask because it right the left
ankle.
I don't know I have to wear it at work and when I'm in my can because I don't love the airplanes is what we do and I pull it down but where it gets wet because we have to go we have to put a can out every 10 minutes and they're being huge silver things and they're like three times my weight, the stuff I'm pulling out of it. So it's a little hard. I got all these little pimples come around my face, I can't
stand it. And I bought some cute shields that had like a Brooke you piece right here trying to be feminine about it there. I looked like a space cadet. Nobody else is wearing shields up there. Everybody's wearing masks so I just quit wearing them. But my face didn't break out where boy goes.
the
field
has a little bit of space between your face, but I can't be the only one in the whole place out of 5000
people wearing it. I went to uh, you have the wrong way. It's a like shopping site. It's online.
They had a bunch
of mask on sale for like 2050 cents I just ordered, but I'm gonna blame this whole covid thing out there. Bright pink and that's it.
Yeah. Give it on to, I like wishing robbery. But yeah, I hate waiting for myself.
don't
like
my
mouth. Let's
go.
I just ordered a laptop from them for like $60. Never got it.
give
me my money back,
definitely. But they sat there and went around. Didn't try not to do it for like two months. I waited four months before I got my money back.
What I really was. That's why I wouldn't do it by his
desperate.
I just went to brand new center and got mine and I love it. It's the best thing in the world.
I pay like $24 a week, but it's
worth
it. It's
a HP envy flip. I can flip it back and forth and it can be it whatever I want to put these pink butterfly things on it so
I love,
I don't
want nothing
else but
it.
I went through five. I had the worst luck with laptops and I've got a desktop over there, but it's only got three gigs of megabytes on it
so you can
marry gigabyte
of RAM. So it's so slow. Except
I don't like it. No, I mean it runs okay, but then as you start, I mean you're only by now and it's just like I just honestly bunny.
You
know,
And you're staring your life. Uh you know this cost me so much money that thing has. But now I work on both of them and two phones at the same time as
what I do is so.
Hello.
I have to be able to, I usually do surveys or user test over here while I'm doing something over here.
that comes all in between whatever I'm doing. If it ain't that important, it goes away for political. I don't care. 27 you just do it. Well you have to pay attention for their Sherbet, that's for sure.
Every time. I mean, wow.
Oh yeah, some just uh
but it's
not
like those, you just click whatever you want. No. Mhm.
They
don't
work.
You
turn your head
just
try once and you lost. I did that. My son was in here. I was dealing with him when he got in trouble with the school thing. Not too long ago. It wasn't even two minutes and I turned back and I just I was lost. Didn't know what was going on on this everybody and tried to fill it out. They kicked me out and tell me I returned it. I was like a,
uh, I started everything I did about six months ago, started all by myself, no special education. And I started out doing surveys, payments at the time and I'll get to weekly checks from line bridge and get paid from acting in line bridge with a monthly check. And I do, I get paid with the surveys and beta testing and whatever. I'll be in between
and my
job
we're leaving.
Yeah, that's what mine does. But I didn't have, but now it's been once my movie. I was good. We just doing raising prolific and little things like that. You know, I have to have extra. So actually going paperless now. Thank you one
bit.
As well as your brain includes the electricity, the wifi all that. Thank God.
nope.
I'll call an act like I'm the landlord secretary when the water goes out. Give me all this info so I can do that. But that's it. Yeah.
Keep
rising zero.
Any time somebody tried to put you on hold and connects you to anything on, maybe you just keep present zero. They'll give
you an agent.
It makes me so bad. I called Paypal yesterday because I got $140 sent to me. But it was firm across these and they're gonna put a hold on it and I need that money. I had like $10 yesterday. They lost it until november 11th. I'm not allowed to have it. So yeah, I called him. I was mad and that's what they're waiting for like an hour and they said due to Covid Black, Black, Black, Black, Black, Black. I was so mad. So I still don't have the money was still waiting. Mhm. I have to wait that long for that. That's insane. Mhm. That's a lot of money to wait for what it is for me.
Yeah. I got all kinds of focus groups. I do too. Don't they pay a lot for just
building?
I've signed
up
everything.
I don't go same thing. Let's just do your No, I certainly when I like yeah, I just got done product testing lotion and sour jail and now I'm doing coffee and I've got some of that some kind of $15 foundation coming that I wanted to try but it was too expensive so I didn't and then I got this survey about foundation, I knew where it was hit so I was like, yeah I was so excited. I can't wait till it comes. Listen if it works anyway.
What
secret
I put it on the co I got google chrome. And I just put money making stuff for how to make money with a knife owner. How to make money with the computer I got. But
most
of mine
like
survey companies open doors for all my stuff. I went
from one place to another to another.
You know are you signed up with I. P. I. O. S. I'm seeing something like that.
That's the
best
one.
Yeah it's not. Yeah
because that's
that's the one that will send you stuff you can use and it's awesome stuff, expensive stuff
and they'll pay me they'll pay you to use it. That's what I'm getting at. I. P. I. O. S. Something like that. I'm I'm looking I'm looking at it right now. They like and a product report card dot com. They send you step two and they pay you now there saturday part kinda sucks a little bit because you got to have $25 to catch out. And their surveys are hard to get through. But now they send you products all the time. That's where my lotion and coffee and all that just comes from.
That's what I'm going yet. Right now. I have so many survey things over here. Let's see. Oh it should be. I be sus
yeah, that's what I'm going to get because I'm probably spelling it wrong. I'm sorry.
Use your feel like it is uh that went online. Um See during survey junkie they have a lot of surveys that pop up and usually it'll ask you like if you have kids, it's like just a square beige kind of box. That's the company I'm talking about
but
serve
hasn't.
And he says the product poor card. It pops up on their it'll say ISIS I. P. S. O. S. The letter is real close like that. But that company right there it pays quite a bit. You only have to have 500 points. Survey is a little hard to get through. But they send you stuff all the time.
And that's the kind that you can learn how to answer to to get the problem. So it helps it helps quite a bit. If you take that in your browser bar close to it it should but the I. P. S. O. S. Should
be able to get
it.
Oh they have a secret collar that's close to that name too. So if it says something about mystery calling your shops going to do shops ignore that. Go to something else. That's the wrong one. But
it's the same.
They send
me
I. P. S. O. S. Or press I. P. S. O. S. I. Dash say hi dash S. A. Y. Is what it is. It's in my email and she would look there first time.
Yeah that would help a lot. Well we should get showered jones stuff. They just sent me a whole thing
for
this stuff is perfect. I asked him what was the emotion is that? They will tell me that's not very nice but the lotion that they're fixed to come out with us $89 a bottle. And I have really dry skin from work and it's held it up. I've got like baby soft skin. Again I'm almost
out. You know what
you do?
I can't buy it. I don't know what it is.
It was the
one our product test.
I
had
it
for
two
weeks.
Yeah it's in a white bottle with a code number on it. And they send you a letter when you'll do your follow up survey and with a number in case you have any reactions.
I called as the automated thing. Your ass because it's like that covid stuff. Everybody has that message and nobody called me back. I've emailed them and they sent me one thing. They weren't allowed to do that. And I'm like,
but now the coffee, I know that it's that it's that dark voters silk stuff if I'm going to help me close to. And
I like regular folders. But this Mhm. I like it. Not one bit, but now the shower gel and stuff. It's awesome. But I don't know what it is. Sometimes they'll tell you what you're catching. Sometimes they don't.
But I've never had anything bad from them. Ever.
yeah. I was supposed to fill out some priests that Ray. I don't never do that. I just get on there. It's great. But you can ask you do them for like maybe a month. You know, if it's headed towards the product what to say and what not to say, you learn them real quickly. It's real easy. That's why I like those. And the product report card one plus you get that extra money on the side if you get up to $25. So, but now this the I. P. Whatever I gave you cash out at 15 5 or a $585 and they got their little contest. You can enter and poles and wherever else. I just like the product. That's what they're good for
been.
I'm a motor mouth. I'm sorry.
Yeah. When you have a great day,
youtube