Yeah. All right. Uh huh Mhm Right. Yeah, yeah. Uh huh. Okay, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Oh
good, my boy, a little bit early in the morning. Excuse my uh hired
Yes, eight for me. You must be mountain view time.
mm So you're on the East Coast? Yeah. All right,
I'm in California right now,
about you?
What about you?
Oh wow, nice. Yeah,
No, not at all. What's
wrong?
well, so
oh well I didn't know about that.
Oh yeah, I don't really follow the news I guess.
people
I'm currently a student right now, so I don't really have a thing I do for living yet.
was a freelance you do? Mhm.
I
see.
Are you on the Reddit page for that?
On the Reddit page? There's like a page where they kind of suggests like news sites are like new places
to learn, that's
where I
found prolific.
Uh yeah, that's where I found prolific and a bunch of other stuff like I used street these and like micro clicker, those kind of things.
It's just a bunch of, its kind of repetitive and I just do it and I'm really bored I guess. But like they just make it quick on a bunch of task or like solving captures.
just
you speak japanese. Oh
that's
that's a
big
task.
Well
know.
this
is about
the best one I've used out there. Like I use a bunch of other ones too. But uh politics the most reliable.
me
too.
And actually
a computer science student so I modified the, so it's called assistant and then I can make it work better for me.
Like you know the cramping is outlawed.
Yeah it's like an extension, right? You caliber prolific.
Yeah. So then um, it's open source so basically you can modify however you want.
Um like you know, it comes up with like a little notification telling you like, oh this is the title of the study, you know, you click on it. Um, but then I have it set to like instead of having the title just tells you like how many spots left. And if it's like, if it's only one spot it doesn't shine where like doesn't show up for me. So I like I modified it that way. Yeah.
Mm Yeah, I've given
up
junkie.
Pretty bad survey junkies. Not very good. It's like baby you take like a few questions and then they're like, sorry, you're not eligible.
Mm
Maybe
my demographic then.
I don't know either paying me so much for these things like I do um focus groups and was a cult like where they have jury duty, but basically it's like a trial jury and then you basically
like get,
you have to kind of find on like craig list like once in a while it's
kind of rare, but I've done a few of them and just sit there and you listen to like someone getting murdered, like the case of someone got murdered and you're like innocent or guilty
and you talk about that
solution,
Yeah, I'm just doing these things to help pay for bills, but uh
huh.
Hope
I'm clearly 21.
I
say,
hopefully
I can
hopefully get a job or something once I get out of college because right now the market is not looking very good.
mm that's good. Yeah,
yeah, I live in myself, so I have to go out to do like personal stuff like go for groceries, you know,
pick up something,
order
him home.
It
adds a big expensive, it's like $5 for delivery and I'm like $5 you know, I could get about another bag of chips. Okay
we don't
have
walmart nearby.
I'm
kind
of living in the middle of nowhere. Yeah
it's
my my normal house with my parents, like there's a walmart across the street but here there's like there's barely any brand name shops, like there's no carl's jr there's no like um I don't know what kind of shocked you guys have but like we have like supermarkets right? But they're like super small like uh white people markets where it's like whole foods and it's like organic and trader joe's and that, but we don't have like
we all have like normal like bonds or or or um ralph I don't know if you guys have those at the east coast. Yeah.
Yeah we don't have
any, we don't have any big change. So it's so
strange
here.
None of these like I've definitely heard of them because I come from somewhere like a city but this is bill nowhere. Alright,
amazon
amazon
still
delivers.
but
I still prefer going to the market myself so I still got for that.
I
see.
I always get
I did
that
for like
netflix
or amazon.
Good.
Uh See I already do like food delivered like I guess who delivered like Uber eats or whatever and every time they messed up my order and I get so frustrated at that. But like I'm thinking if they're doing that with groceries, like they mess up like, oh I wanted this flavor and give me this flavor, I'd be like kind of pissed
so I
just do it myself
through.
No,
see at that point like I just wouldn't want to spend my money right, like I leave without it, but then you know,
they
make
their
own decision.
right, they pick up the most expensive thing on the aisle.
It's the first thing I've woken up so early,
Crazy
schedule.
Leslie.
things are in the pandemic, Everything's flopped around, you know, everything so much different. Yeah.
Imagine.
no,
I'm not a fan but like you kind of have to like, they don't let you enter places, that one.
no.
Yeah because then you'll have something like constantly rubbing against your face then you know,
staying
home.
percent.
No
I haven't.
Oh I just found on amazon it's a bit more overpriced but uh you know delivery fast.
Yeah no I can't handle this because of how long is the wait like? Oh sure
it's cute,
it's only
$2
but
then you wait for a month. Yeah
well you should probably
go chargeback.
Okay that's good.
Yeah see that stuff I wouldn't want to handle this. I mean like a laptop for $60 doesn't sound like a very good laptop anyways.
I
was
That's good
The
payment
plans?
all
right, I'm feeling
your
laptop
from life
from like my middle school days, like it's still working and I'm like I don't need to replace it. You know it's kind of it's kind of like scratched up and all that but it's like no need to steal it. Yeah.
33
megabytes
say goodbye.
Oh that's really bad actually. Yeah.
Can open like two tabs or so it's like oh you got prolific running and
you have
something else running? Yeah.
So
they had like two streams
up and you know, see everything out there. Okay.
Yeah. And you're watching for prolific. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah, of course. But
some of them are kind of just plain boring, you know
or super
kind
of.
I've had
some
more
like they have a they have the task for you do and it's like like they threw a sound right, you don't have to click left or right based on the sound o mundane and
like
follow
up.
How long have you been doing surveys?
mm Yeah, I started
year ago.
And yeah,
no, just like generally surveys, but yeah, prolific as well. Like it's aside money to eat what I want to buy what I want.
It goes
through. Not, not read yet because parents don't cover that, but like electricity is expensive too.
I really have to pay that all separately. The water, electricity
India the wifi. It's all separate. I have to go like all the companies and something goes wrong.
No, I make a bunch of customer service calls and it never goes through, right. Just they hold you for like half an hour and just
waiting.
Waiting
always
comes up and it just starts off as the robot and it's like, oh, all over, all of our members are busy. Mhm
I feel like I'm very impatient with these kind of things and it's like, especially like some of the companies are like some of the focus groups, I do, like they're from separate companies and I'm like, is this one gonna pay out or not because
they paid
really well for different opinion, like
a fun one
on like skin
care, I don't know, like frozen pizza, I don't eat frozen pizza that I just said I did.
Where do you
find your
focus group things? Like I'm mostly just search on craigslist there like the Reddit page.
And
let's go
through the google
searches.
see.
And they like they refer you or like they have more like paths in the future. Oh,
what's that?
I
don't know if
that is. Could you wait? I'll google it. I
yippee
I
mm What's it called?
Is it just like spelling it out? I. P. And IOS like the letters or I don't know where to find us.
Could you spell it for me?
It's okay.
You know
I always
get taken off
a survey junkie, junkie does not like me. Mhm
interesting.
I
don't know
their main website but it's not like it's like a page where you can kind of like start your own marketing thing
Latin
is the
one to click
up market research with headquarters in paris France.
Okay look at this up later I guess. Mm
I
don't have to buy my own
Go
you
have to buy another bottle that you buy it from them.
Oh really? There's no branding
thing.
Oh, he's
just
send it
to
you
and unlabeled
kind of thing.
Uh It's called a number of being like, hi, what brand are you working for? Mhm.
I see.
Two.
I see. Yeah,
that's good. That's good. I did this one where they told me like, oh, they might send me, I dropped and I was like, I'm not sure if I want to use your eye drops. And then they're like, oh, that's fine. You know, have you just read the label and all that? And then I read it and then they asked me a few questions. That was it.
Well, I realized
we're already past 25 minute mark.
It's fine. No time flies.
Yeah. Youtube was nice talking to you.
Goodbye.