Uh
so Amanda. Um
so uh yeah, I just uh I guess uh tell me about yourself so mhm
um what should I call you?
Okay
uh okay Melissa and um so uh has your name?
alright as usual then these days? Uh huh Yeah, some days a nice day to relax anyway, so I really wasted day I guess.
not so bad, not right in here, but uh you know Kind of like Kulish 60s? Um Yeah, I mean pretty much just sat around and watched us play games. I can't write anything symbols. Uh Let's see what else. So what's for dinner? Or did you already eat or going
in?
anything good?
Okay, that's good. Do you like fries like thin and crispy or do you like home style? Like the thicker wedges or something?
Okay. Yeah, I like both, but then I just eat like I'm good with Andy fries, like hiking again, but like yeah mm Oh and it happens on a pizza.
Mm Yeah. I mean like I grew
up in,
in discipline. So I mean every now and then a different path, but I never understood people put like tons of crap on their kids. It's like you didn't want the pizza then you wanted to talk.
But well anything yeah. How Bacon's good bar.
I mean
chicken. I don't know.
I never really liked chicken on pizza. But what by the same healthy and I mean any meat is good especially
and predicted protein.
Yeah. Well oddly enough, like you put chicken and bacon and like a sandwich or rolled and suddenly for me like taste better. I don't know why. And a who think okay. Because like the chicken gets dried out. But
like on a sandwich, thanks. Can still get juice here and like a role or a big
one.
Just exposed.
Mm I mean, I suppose you could add the chicken and towards the end said at the beginning, but you
know,
it's kind of complicated at that point. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm hmm. Yeah. Last time I made homemade pizza almost a while ago, it's a lazy or like frozen pizza. I mean it's not great, but it's like,
But you know, homemade, you can still pre make it and then freeze it. I'm still going to turn out better than like store bought frozen pizza. I remember growing up, you know, it's not delivery. It's digiorno. Like that's bullshit. John a
taste.
I try my life even though I started making things. Mm
I do not live in an area of complete serious. Makes me sad. Okay.
I
said, how do you do to get yourself? Program Yeah. And pizza is fun. But
wow. Yeah. I mean, I know I got like three but like one is dominos and the offers. I mean it's local, but yeah, it's not really the best. But I guess they just survive.
People really want pizza.
I don't know. You see, pizza is now, I don't know how it is anywhere else. But like I see a lot more pretty curious like, Oh yeah, we saw heroes
and sandwiches, wings and stuff and like what happened, you know, surviving on the pizza? You know when you have like a giant menu on your pizzeria tells me maybe
you're not so good at the pizza.
you know, surviving. That's good. Especially now. Yeah. Sometimes how's it over there?
No problems getting around. No problem supplies all that stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here in the beginning it was a little crazy. But then, you know, people calm down
thanks.
Yeah, I mean, okay, it's a little bit annoying sometimes, depending when you go out to get groceries because they're like, okay, there's a line or something. You just got to make sure you don't take the same time
everyone else does because, you know, they got they got those things were like, yes, they're six ft apart. And I'm like, well, okay, I'm not lining up then because all the spots are taking, but you make it or that or you buy a bunch of crap and then just draw down for a while. Mhm. Yeah,
mm. Let's see what else, anything you want to know about me or?
Um Well, I've been trying to take up some new stuff, trying to learn how to use my phone camera, Like make videos and stuff. Feel old doing it. It's like, you see people can just like take videos and stuff really easy and I'm like, fuck stuff. I don't think I'm that old. But like by the same token, I just feel when I try to do the video and stuff, I feel it's a it's a phone to whatever. Um Other than that or uh
you know, I try to do some do it yourself home stuff like talking and stuff and fix the
shell.
minutely whatever tools I can get from my local harbor starts like gone. So it's like, okay, we'll get from my home depot um delivery because I don't hear it. Yeah, went
okay. Some
of it. Um All right. Yeah. I mean, I don't know.
These days are kind of boring. Yeah. What about you? Take up anything? Yeah.
Oh, you guys?
Okay. Are you still go camping or doing stuff? It seems like my customers.
That's right.
Yeah, I guess. And randy a
lot.
Like a storm bumming or uh, Argus system at
local.
Okay. Yeah. You're out in the tornado zone. Yeah. Never actually experienced tornado. What's that like?
All right. Each.
You're like scared. Just like, let me drive faster. Drive slower it away.
Okay. So actually a lot of stuff you're like, it was already like
full.
Yeah. Okay, definitely not one of those I'd like to do experience at once before I die.
I could,
Yeah. I mean like hurricane don't seem so bad in comparison. Don't Well, I guess depending you might still have to worry about stuff flying at you, but yeah.
So let's see what else. Hmm. So, mm hmm. How you mentioned you like you took up yoga than doing that while or really new thing.
No, that's good. Yeah, I mean these words, I mean you kind of got to stay active. You know, you just stand there and do nothing. I mean like, I don't know how
people get by just like walking. I mean
coming around I guess who walked enough? It would be like a decent workout. But like you got to do something else. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Like is that
if you walk enough almost anything, you do enough, it's gonna be like, it's good like, oh my God, maybe it's just me. Like I just got bored and I'm walking for an hour. I mean, I love seeing like I go through the park, you'll see some scenery and stuff. I'm not one of those people that be like, you know, like the hype for like three hours and enjoy nature. Like the 1st 30 to maybe 45 minutes. I enjoy the nature. Okay. And then I'm like, Okay. Yeah, I've seen that before and For sure pass a lot one. That's true. Your terrorist saying that. But
Yeah. But you know, okay. I mean
for me
like, you know, maybe I don't know. Well, okay. I can't get him anymore. So I just used my pulling bar. But yeah, everyone has their own thing. So
yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Well let's see some,
that's one of the things I wish I could. I'm in like an apartment building and that's just not go. Yeah.
Yeah. But like, I don't know, I mean I know like ever since this hope over things started, everyone's getting like pets and stuff and I'm like, do I really want to have to like go out and walk it even if it helps get outside and or like what if everyone goes out at the same time and that's kind of awkward.
Make the line
as three months. Mm But yeah, I don't know. That just seems like I don't need the company that bad. What I like, I mean, if I had to get that, I just wanted a dog, but I'm like,
I would feel bad having a pet is like living in an apartment. I would want to like move the house or something. Yeah. I don't know. I just like, okay, I guess he had like a really tiny pet in a big apartment. It would be kind of like the same thing
that's like a cop out pet. Like you've got like a little turtle or pet rock or some crab. I
likely. I don't know. But like a lizard's, it means like it's going to sit there for a while. My conserve energy. I don't know. I guess there must be more active lizards or something, but
I don't know about that. I'd be worried in my step on them or something. Uh
Let me a present or something. Yeah. Well like Pyramid was like, I don't know. I mean, maybe you'll catch pass uh there in the summer.
That
would
have been welcome. But yeah, I mean like cooler now, so I don't get anything more so you gotta pick. Mhm. Oh, okay. What you got? Mhm.
Okay, so it's good freaking.
so you started before and then you picked up a kit and then never frank indicating. Okay. Yeah, they all like relatively close in age or it's like kind
of Okay, so like more space out. Yeah. Does that really make a difference when they're like that different in age or?
yeah, I could imagine between cat and dog, it's like, I'd say probably a dog person, but part of me wants to like cats, but like, I don't know, several hot cold thing. It's like you want a fashion now. I'm gonna leave. You know, it's like, I don't know.
Mm you can always have broken. I mean they can get along, a lot of people say like cats and dogs. I've met people welcome seem to work out that. Mm
So you have like a favorite cat or you love them all equally?
Mm That the oldest youngest middle kid. Mm mm had a clear, what do you think? Okay.
why
it's your favorite, these just looks or personality? Okay,
Yeah. Yeah, that's a really different personalities. You never quite know until you had him awhile. Yeah monuments affection that you figure with a really good odds. Mhm.
Well that's a tough one of me.
I guess we're flying gravel then I could go when times are good. Yeah.
I don't want to go anywhere like fuck it like uh I mean mm you know God I'm sorry I went to spain once when I was like much younger and like always regretted not actually going anywhere but like the major cities. Uh So that might have been cool. Uh course, I don't know what things are like there now. I think it's actually pretty bad with the covid so definitely not now whatever it was good, that could be good. Uh And then Okay well let's see I suppose I should say the leaning tower of Pisa before it falls maybe. Uh
Oh
yeah that's true. I finally get like so called real pizza. That's a that's really where it might be nice. Yeah. Well let's go with that. Our baby.
I mean we never know if I was going back. I mean, but yeah, no, over burning question about
well, I don't know. I mean, even though you could see it, I mean I can't imagine Egypt is the most pleasant place to like
go on vacation. Yeah,
that's true. Student. Yeah.
As true. Well, I mean a little scary but I guess you could just like see it as opposed to like have to run around Arabic not really a vacation I guess. But you know, I guess
that.
Uh Anyway, I guess if I tackled a question like that, I was like, what question would I want answered from the past? Mm Okay. The question that we care about in the past.
Yeah, that's true. Mm hmm. Uh huh uh let's ignore like stupid things like lotto tickets. Um, wow. That's like, you know her back to the future thing. Anything else? Uh Yeah, actual question. Mm Future. Yeah. Uh kinda cool
to see if we ever do like
it was kind of cool to see if we ever end up with like one of those weird dystopias, like Matrix or terminator or something. I wouldn't want either very long, but it's just sort of like we were in the right direction. It's like
hope.
None.
Well, I mean we're on track. I mean we could do bad on this one. Next one probably is, but yeah, the robot thing. That would be kind of cool. I always loved those movies. I know they're cheesy, but And thank you.
I asked you to, yeah, whoever get like giant robots or space aliens or something like that would be kind of cool to see.
I mean, all
I do. You really like your brothers or something?
Mhm. Give it long enough. I mean, there are any filmmakers already resumed for a lot of stuff. So I mean, you think,
Yeah. Man, I grew up with those toys, you know, necessarily because like they transformed, but it was a little boy, you just end up like banging against each other for preserving. Yeah, I feel like such a stupid kid. So I've had transformed like three things and like probably transformed it once and just like never did that shit again. Well, I don't know. Maybe the new clothes are better.
Yeah. People collect those things
and
I don't know. I mean if I still had
like my old stuff, I don't know if I'd like selling it. I mean I guess I was like really hard up but it's sort of like kind of fun see
maybe like donated or something. But like yeah, a lot of toys. It's like you really need the imagination. My kids are so spoiled now. He's crazy.
it's so easy now. Uh Well, I guess it's hard in different ways. Yeah. Got
enough.
Yeah, it's true.
You
know, you can always ducked your screen right? Or maybe just talk later. It's all asynchronous and and another and then people are I mean in person they're less curious in a way relieved that much I've noticed related to that you can always look up something later. People like spying each other in advance. They know who to meet and come on. Where's your sense with Patrick? Just chat someone up and ask him because so black in that
sense I mean it's better. It's worse. Yeah.
Yeah but I mean you figure everything goes swings back and forth. Maybe like some point in the future that will change. Or maybe your tackle become more mercy will fall like the V. R. And A. R. And all that shit. Or maybe it'll become creepier because everyone will have like your glasses and stuff. I am. Yeah or maybe one of the Matrix. They're all like that that jack in the back of american stuff. Well that would suck.
What?
Yeah. That's crazy. I mean well I mean I mean technically like I. D. Cards kind of work like that but like having it stuck in you and like you can't even hide where it would it would really suck. Or like someone could like
pass by
you
and read it or something, grab all your data. I don't
see any
upside to this.
I mean even for like stuff like medical it's like, oh but you know if you're not doubt I think they were either medical history like I don't know man. I was like okay but what if I'm not knocked out and some of them do I really want that even I was like, no way it a little bit. Uh huh.
wouldn't opt into it. That's for sure. But then again, I mean these days you got like these electronic health records and then all the systems will eventually connect. So I suppose
pop skip and a jump in there. Even if you don't got a chip on, you know as long as they can figure out who we are like pull it up. Well I suppose in some sense I mean, again,
problem counts to it. Yeah. Chick I don't want a weird chip.
Yeah. I don't know. I don't even want a lot of crowns in my teeth, but like well, I guess I'd take it because the alternative would suck. But you know, I just keep rushing great now. Mhm.
People I guess what a smartwatch or something. I guess the cell phone is like kind of like that happy middle ground, Right? I mean, it's like it's just
convenient enough where it's like, you know, it's worth carrying around. It technically has all that data, but like you don't really feel like it's like blue to you. Well, I mean, I guess in some way it is.
held out on getting a smartphone like so long. It was like finally 2013, something like that came in was like an old Nokia phones for a while. But I'm
like uh but you know, at some point it's sort of like all right. I mean everyone is using like messaging and shit. Yeah, we kind of stupid now too. Right. Mm. Yeah. These days finally went after a few years using this stuff is just so damn convenient. Easy for everything. Hell I pay for sure on my phone now. I mean, I guess yeah, I don't know if I really trust like stuff like the watch, but like the phone I guess for me anyway, the phone sort of like that nice draw the line place. Well, I have to walk because
great. Mhm. Married, what's it think we hit like fairly right. Yeah. And too bad. Are you done this before? Yeah, I did the since like the first way. It's always really different each time. But like
at least I learned my lesson on the timer. Go a little over just.
Well, they meet it when they say like if you know the timer thing, like if you're under 25 minute mark, you might get hurt.
Yeah. Yeah. So stick around like at least a couple minutes after. At least. I don't know for me, I don't want to do that shit again.
two minutes is like that. In this case we did find pretty easy. Yeah, these are fun. So keep going.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right, well, it was nice to meet you Melissa. Have a
woman.
Yeah. See it