so it's using T. C. Okay. Ute. Mhm. Yeah. That's right. Mhm. Maybe. Yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. It was nice. And the exhibition. I like that people. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Our population. Yeah. Okay.
Hi.
I think I got my microphone on. You. Can't hear me. Mm. Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Work. Yeah
about now. Can you hear me now? Mhm.
How about now?
Yeah.
Really nice. I'm just outside of Chicago and it finally cooled down a little bit. How
about where
you
are?
No. No it's sunny but it's in the 70s and we don't have the high humidity. We had like temperatures up to 92° and they said it was supposed to feel like 105. We had that a couple of days ago but now it's just wonderful. I got the Windows Open and cooling down. We are
but where where are you in?
Okay. In California. Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay. Okay. Uh by
the way my name is Russell
Samantha. Okay I have a niece named Samantha.
okay.
So
so is this the first time you've done one of these interviews? Uh huh.
So
the first time I did it I think it took three times before somebody showed up. Oh but I'm kind of stubborn so I just kept trying and then the second time was just yesterday and the guy showed up right away and then when I finished the thing it said you can sign up for another one right away.
So
I did that and that's when this meeting came up. So this is my third official one that hopefully will complete if there are no problems with the connection.
Well my my internet is fast but it has troubles every day. Just small interruptions which I cannot get the company to fix. They just say no, everything's okay. And I'm like, it's not okay.
Yeah, so that sticks.
What?
well, so far my two conversations were very positive with two very different people and it was fun and the money is just an extra bonus. So hopefully our conversation will be fun for us to. Yeah.
A female for the first one, male for the second.
What?
Okay. Yeah. I don't know. I mean to me it's more the person than whether they're male or female, you know? And
and what, pardon?
Yeah. So it's like, you know, it didn't matter to me, you know, as long as there was a good conversation. That was cool. So, so what do you do? Your your students, I take it or you're
working
for you?
it's
going forward,
but uh Oh, that's nice. That's nice. Yeah,
I do not have any pets. I live alone with no pets, but my girlfriend has a dog. Uh nice dog, but it's kind of getting on in years, so it's a little bit sickly, but you know,
I still come in the door and its tail wags like mad because it's happy to see me and then it has to go lay down because it's tired.
Uh I used to work and I'm retired now. I lost my job a couple of years ago and I never got another job, so I just kind of fell into a retirement, but it's okay. Things are going good. I used to work for A T and T and do communications work and work was a project manager that worked on the development of cellular systems. So
you know, that's I kind of changed, I changed careers when I when I was younger I was a musician and did recordings and stuff and then I thought this is not a good way to live, I'll go back to school, I went back to school and got a degree and then got a job working with a TNT so not exactly my plan, I just kind of fell into it. Yeah.
So what kind of interests do you have like hobbies or other interests?
It?
That's too bad. So tell me about your pets then come look.
Our status,
thanks
his
best
friend.
They
have
taken
it's
huh Did you grow up with cats too?
like
great.
Yeah
there are.
Oh nice, that's nice of you, that's very nice of you. Mhm
Come
on.
If
You know.
Thank
you.
cheers
here
Today.
Well that's that's that's nice when I was a kid we had we had cats. So I I did like cats a lot and stuff. It's just that I never chose to you know to get one uh you know when I got older but I like them. And there's a woman in the neighborhood who really likes cats and she has taking care of the strays in the neighborhood. Like there we had an influx of strays. I live in a suburban area. So it's kind of unusual to have so many strays when she wound up trapping all of them. Getting getting them neutered and spayed and tagged and then released back they were feral. So she released them back out to the neighborhood. So it's like it stopped them from, you know, from spreading that they were at least healthy at that time. So, so when you said you all your cats are rescue cats. I'm familiar with a very positive benefit of people like you and her that helped those animals. Good job.
Uh huh.
since I mentioned I was a musician, so I I still play music and I enjoy creating music and doing that and I like doing other stuff like reading, I play a little bit with computer games too. I like that. You know, I'm just I'm still a kid trapped in an old guy's body, you know, and if you never lose the love for the things that you liked as a child, you're living a good life and I haven't lost that. So that's my advice to you.
Well you said you walk for your health or your health conscious so you're doing something to combat whatever it is you're eating that's Children's of food.
Well I when I was working I played bass, electric bass and then like the upright bass in in orchestras and stuff. Uh and now I play an instrument that's kind of like a combination of guitar and bass called the chapman stick. And uh so that's still continuing in the string family but it allows me to kind of play, it's kind of like a piano but on guitar or you play with your hands separately and so then I can play on my own, which is really good now that you know people are going out and socialising so. Yeah.
Right. Oh nice, nice. Do you still play or? No?
Thanks.
It's
yeah, maybe you can get back into it some day if you like, maybe. So you mentioned you were taking high school and college classes, so you you went to college early,
so
Yeah, cool. So so you finished, that was like a two year program?
cool, cool. And then after that, did you then go to college? Did that paves the way for you to go to college or?
Yeah,
Well,
no.
Okay. Okay, mm Well that's neat that at least you had the opportunity to experience what college was like and maybe sometime in the future you can go back, you know?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, that would be interesting. Yeah, you can always go back, like I said when I was a musician, I was I went to college for three years and I went to music school or I'm sorry two years, two years. And I was working so much as a musician in all different facets of the music industry that I decided college costs a lot, I'm not going to finish And then I worked a number of years and then I decided to go back to school, I went back to school I think when I was like 25 or something and and got a degree, so you can always go back, you can always, you know, change what direction your life is going. And so just with a little bit of confidence you probably do fantastic.
Yeah, well like I said with a little bit of confidence, you know, there's other students to help you out there is what to tutors and all kinds of things you know so so I don't I don't know you but don't sell yourself short because who knows what can happen in your life if you just put a little bit of confidence behind yourself.
No
wow. Yeah or or if you have other hobbies, you said you play computer games sometimes. What kind of computer games do you like?
It's
true.
basically.
Thank
you.
So it's like a puzzle, a puzzle game, you have to think logically how to do. Well that's cool. Those are the kind of games that I like where you have to think a little bit. I mean sometimes I like just a plain old stupid shooter where you go around shooting things helps you get my aggression out. But the puzzle games are the ones I've been to now. That's pretty cool. He said it's called Among Us.
Pretty
What?
so
they're
pretty
for.
Sounds
like this preparation for you to be the homicide detective. You want A B. C. C. Yep.
Years.
So
What
we're
So.
Follow
me.
That sounds interesting and strange. I'll give you that much interesting and strange. Yeah.
So
you
pray.
Yeah um my girlfriend and I she lives in a different place. Um We play a game called Portal. It's pretty old and it's kind of like a puzzle game. So like you're in
this environment it's first person. So just as an example let's say you're on the ground and there's like a balcony up there but you don't know how to get up to it, You have a gun and it makes two portals and it transfers you from like this, you can shoot a portal here and want to hear it. If you walk through this one, you appear up there and so you have to figure out where you need to go and how you're going to get there. Uh And it's fun, we play it online and we work together because there are these intricate puzzles where you have to like maybe get up there to get something and bring that somewhere else while avoiding some other obstacles. So you have to really think about it. Somebody is backing up out there. I don't know if you hear that, Sorry about that. I told you I have the windows open. It's worth it. Um But anyway, so yeah, it's a puzzle game, you have to think about it and we were playing one last night and we just couldn't figure it out because
it was just bunch of mess and it got late and we just said forget it, there's too much stuff to figure out here, but
when there's good puzzles and when you can figure them out, you know the right amount of challenging, It's really rewarding, you know, and it's funny because it's pretty old and we probably bought it for like $2 or something because it was on sale. We've gotten our money's worth out of that so much. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean you think about all the games that have been released and there's good ones that are all that are classics and new ones that are good and new ones that are just you know, bad or rehashes so But yeah, well that's fun. And so then so then your boyfriend's into the computer games too because he said he told you about that. Yeah.
What?
What?
Tell
me
people. Yeah. Well, that's good. You do something together some apart, you know? That's good. Yeah.
Not too bad here in Illinois, we did have a long period of lockdown. Um And uh I really reduced the amount I go out. I like trying to go grocery shopping like once every two weeks. Whereas I used
to just do it, you know, once a week and then the groups of people that I used to meet with, we mostly meet online now, you know? So because you have to I have to be we have to be careful because my girlfriend comes over here, I go over there, so if I see more people then who knows if I get it and bring it to her or if she sees you know friends so I don't know so I'm trying to be careful I figure it's better to be safe you know? But how about you how's it going for you or what are your thoughts on it?
huh.
It is yeah.
I
but
Perfect
but
everything
So.
crazy.
Think that
It
can't
They
do
What?
It's
gonna be epic.
ooh
there
there
sir
maybe
now
And
take them
and
who?
it's
what?
Uh huh. Yeah that's that's that's not good at all wow I don't know what people are thinking about. Maybe the guy had more mental problems or something.
There's, there's something wrong. There was definitely something around there. I'm glad you got to got away safe because Yeah.
Well, it's good to be prepared and to be smart about these things because unfortunately some people fall for that. Some people don't know how to say no, So, so good for you. Good for you.
Thank you very much for saying that. All I did to, it was get old my hair, I'm serious. My hair, your hair looks very dark. My hair was almost that dark when I was younger, I'm serious, I'm serious. And then when I was like, in my late twenties, people would kidney because like, little strands of gray hair. And then, and then it just got like this, you know, when I was a kid, I looked more like you than like me.
no,
you're gonna get yours, they're going to do that to you and then years look out.
What?
I missed what you said. What machine And you said to be what?
But
I know it was now it's funny. It's funny.
Okay. Well, as you get older, you'll appreciate looking young. It'll pay off. It will pay off in the future. Mark my word. It will pay off.
Uh huh Uh huh Mhm
Well, I think, I think you you probably came on on the hour, Something like that. So it's like it's been like 29. It's I have 29 after the hour now. So
We're supposed to do
25, you know? And if we think we're, if we think we're close, we can talk a few more minutes just to be sure or whatever you want to do.
But
yeah, because then we got to sit and answer all those questions afterwards.
Yeah. The first woman that I talked to we got along really well. We talked for I'm thinking 45 minutes. Yeah, we just like around the 25 minute mark. We both said, well it's 25 minutes going to keep talking. He said, yeah, let's keep talking just a little bit longer. And then we just talked and talked and talked and talked. So that was really that was really cool. We both got lost in the conversation and then the one yesterday at the 25 minute mark, the guy said, well it's 25 minutes, you know, if you want we can talk a little more and wrap up. And then we talked like maybe four or five minutes more, you know? So I definitely I got along with both of people but I really related to the first person more than the second, you know? So so, and I
think we had a clock. What do you think?
Hey,
cool, cool. The same with you?
perfect.
No.
No.
Somebody,
I guess she, I guess that woman must have just wanted to do it for the money or something because like when I saw this, I thought okay, it pays the light nice money, good amount of money. And I like talking to different people because you never know what you can learn from them or you just makes you feel good. So I was really looking forward to it. So when we start to interrupt you. But so how was the second one then?
I wasn't
now.
Justin
big one.
Yeah. Yeah and I think people have to honestly be interested because like I said you never know what you'll pick up from another person or who knows what? Yeah.
I think it says you only have to wait like five minutes or something like
that.
Thanks.
Yeah I I like being on time and I started a little bit earlier because yesterday yesterday I started about five minutes before and then when I went to this page it said incompatible browser which my browser is up to date. And then after I just said ignore that, then it came up with another error message. So I had to start clicking on the plug ins that I used to distract deactivate them and then it finally started working. So, so today I thought I forgot which plug in and I deactivated. I have to go through this exercise again. So I decided
I would get on a little bit earlier just so I wouldn't be late just to be considerate to whoever was on the other side.
Thanks.
They were on time. It's like the ones that didn't show up to three times where nobody showed up. I forgot how long I waited. I think I just started doing something here. So it really wasn't a big deal to have the window open. Um, but I think I waited 15 or 20 minutes and nobody showed up for three times. And so, so that was the first, that was the first call I was trying to do. So when somebody finally showed up, I was so excited and then like you, I was thinking, I wonder if there's really anybody going to show up for this survey is just watching me wait through the camera and like Uh huh. Yes.
I I made sure I didn't do anything too weird. You know, I just was typing and working, so that's
cool. You know, nobody is going to put that on Youtube and make a lot of hits from me typing an old guy typing at the computer. Come on.
Yeah. So, so do you think after you do the questions later on, do you think you'll just go ahead and sign up for the 4th 1? Right away?
Yeah, I'm thinking too because as long as you can do it four times, why not just do it now? Because otherwise I'll always be like waiting for it to pop up again. So I probably do that. But like if I sign up and they give me another afternoon date, that's going to be three days in a row where I'm like, okay, Remember remember you got a call in the afternoon, make sure your home or well, I'm home because of a lot. Well, you know, staying home, but still, you know what I mean? It kind of breaks up the day and if you want to do other stuff.
Well hopefully me being on time will help you feel better about the fourth call and hopefully it goes well for you. Hopefully it goes
well for me too.
nothing else, if nothing else I helped reinstall your hope
and both.
Um yeah, sure. Unless there's any other questions you had in me or anything else you wanted to say, But you know, we could we could stop if there's nothing else I can't think of anything else. But what do you think? Right,
okay. All right. Well, it was it was fun meeting you and talking to Samantha. I hope you have a good rest of the day and you know, hopefully the rest of your life and stuff is good. So, I have a little confidence and you know, do what you want to do. You have fun. Uh
Take care.
All right. Bye bye.