Hi,
well, let me see.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello,
Do you hear me? Yeah. Okay.
They can hear now. So how's the weather in your area?
Is
it
rainy
or is it cloudy?
here in the valley, it's usually like in the hundreds, but over here it's like been pretty cool. Like we've been having a lot more rain often
the valley.
No, no, no. It's like
in the mission area.
So yeah.
Okay. My name is Samantha.
precious. No brush it. No dope.
Now.
She's always fighting with her sister.
this is actually like my third time I tried the first time in the first time I was like left like alone, nobody showed up. And then the second time my partner did show up
and then again, the third time, like it's in a weird pattern, like sometimes the partners don't show up. It's kind of weird.
Yeah. I something that
terrible.
Yeah, no, I have fast internet so it should be okay and
Yeah.
no, yesterday I try to do one and again my partner didn't show up and I was like, what's wrong? Like get the money. And no, of course like they didn't show up. So I got so angry. I'm like, mom, these
people are so horrible, they don't want me to have any money.
you have males or females for your last conversation partners?
Yeah, because this is my
first time getting a mail. I got two females last one. Mhm.
Corner
I said, oh yeah, of course.
How?
Well
I'm 19 and I'm basically kind of like to stay at home wife, something like that. I live with my boyfriend. Um We barely got this apartment, so we've just been like
he's working
and I do the cooking and the cleaning.
Do you have any pets?
No.
And did you do anything for work?
How?
That's so good. And when you're done
I mean
what I usually do is like I take a lot of walks just to keep myself healthy. Um I take care of my pets. Um Sometimes I go ahead and play games. Um Just a variety of things. Um I used to work as a massage therapist which was actually really fun but the workplace was kind of like a bad environment so I had to go ahead and kind of like quit. So yeah.
It's a shadow precious
is currently crying in the other room. I don't know why
she just does
that.
She randomly
crying on her own even though like I'm here, I think it's just misses her daddy. So yeah he's like probably looking for him into the other room and then I have
to take
her
over here, He's sleeping and
he's my only little boy that I have over here.
I did. But the thing is my parents didn't allow me to really have a cat, they didn't like when they got older, so they would always make me like give them away. So now that I have uh my boyfriend over
here with me, he he's a cat lover, so of course we're able
to both, you know, take care of these cats. Um
They're all rescued
because
don't like um you know, not having homes for animals. So the first one
which
her name is precious. Um I rescued
her from these people. They needed someone to take care of her because her mother had died. She got hit by a car, so she was just a week old, I had to get a bottle for her bottle at her
so she's like one year old now and then the second one car name a shadow. I found her at an apartment her I was bleeding and apparently I heard um from my my boyfriend's mom who lives there, the kids
would
just take her inside, play with her, hurt her and threw her back outside. So I took her and she's also almost a year old and then checker
showed up out of nowhere on christmas so he's a christmas baby looking through, I'm like your owners,
where are they? I kept looking for his owners, nobody said anything.
So I took him. Mhm I guess I'm obsessed.
I think yeah.
Do you do anything as hobbies? Yeah.
No, I'm the same way I still eat like little kids food that I used to eat as a child and I like it's okay, you know? I'll be weird.
Yeah. What's it called? What else, what instrument did you play?
What's it called? I was in orchestra. I was actually the president of orchestra back in middle school and I played the violin.
No, because I don't know like I ended up leaving middle school and going into high school. I went into early college so it was hard to have like
that
extra time with her curricular activities. He's on the side. I had a jungle college classes with regular high school classes and it was like really hard to just like have time to end up playing it over and over again. So I ended up losing like that mentality of like how the strings were, what's a what's, you know, C Sharp. So I have no recollection of anything like that anymore, but I miss it.
Yeah, it was it's a new program that they created for kids basically, if you like, how can I explain it basically if none of your family members ever went to college there, giving you this opportunity to
get, what do you call it, An associates degree for free, like you don't have to pay anything and it's through stc, so sec grouped up with kind of the La Hoya um community high school. So it's like for kids that really wanted to go the extra mile to try and get some like college credits.
Yeah, it was a two year program and it was like really, really difficult, but I managed,
I was thinking about it but I was like really confused because like what is it? I'm trying to explain it. Uh No mother, no calls. Um So basically I got I guess this kind of fear that I was gonna fail because I barely have been able to Uh huh. I had been barely able to complete this uh program that I was in. So I kind of got scared, I freaked out a bit. Hello That okay. So
I had freaked out a bit because I was scared of like going into college and you know wasting all that money and for nothing. So I guess I didn't go because of that. And then also I was also starting my new life with my boyfriend. He ended up um getting this really good, what you call it? It's not is it? It's not a scholarship, it's
an internship. There you go. He
got an internship with a really good company and he wanted me to move with him so I ended up moving.
Yeah, I was thinking about that too. I really wanted to get into, what is it? Um Criminal justice. I wanted to end up kind of working my way to being a homicide detective but it wasn't too sure. It takes a while.
Yeah, I I freaked out and I was like I guess I kind of made an excuse, I was like oh you know my boyfriend starting you know some things I'm going to be there but it's also like kind of the other thing which is like I guess me getting afraid that I'm not going to be able to complete, it is going to be a waste of I guess money to go. Just a bunch of things.
Yeah, no for sure. Um It's called
that Okay, I think the questions
um there's this
weird new game that my boyfriend was trying to
show me it's called among us or something like us. And basically
you have to have like, I guess a group of friends or a group of people, you know, and it's like a space type of thing basically you're in this vicinity where there's different roles and tasks you have to complete like, oh,
go
fix, you know, the machine over here, go fix, you know this, go ahead and shuffle some rocks and make them in the right category. But while you're doing that, there's an impostor among your group or two and they're going around and killing you. So you have to figure out which one's the imposter.
Evidence.
And then I also played this game on my phone, which is called town. It's kind of the same thing Except basically there's 15 people and it's just random people that you're playing with all around the world.
And when you're in there you get assigned a role. You could be a sheriff, you could be, you know, a regular town person and it's going back to like Salem and stuff. You could be a witch or you could be part of the mafia and basically the town site has to be the mafia along with the witch. So
they're trying to
go
around
and hang a bunch of people within this group in order to find these people. But there's so many good liars on there. So you really never know if there's actual role they're saying or if
you know right.
But it's tough because like there's these pro players that have been playing for like years
and they lie so
easily and you're using this chat that you know, once your
night is over whether
you're sheriff or um you could be an investigator and find out people's roles. That's how you catch people if you're an investigator but you can only do one person at a time for a night. So
it's like you have a minute and it'll tell you the rules. But if they kill you they kill you each night
they
get to kill a person. So it's crazy. And then hang a person and it's your investigator and you start like crying because you got rid of a good person.
so you play
on
mobile
or you can play on the computer but I always play on mobile which is kind of neat so. Yeah.
and.
No
but
for sure you're playing every day. It's good.
Yeah for sure he's always there. He mainly plays on his xbox
or
I mean we do our own thing because he likes other games that I don't necessarily I guess take an interest in and I don't play again, he takes an interest in so we do
our
own.
Um So how has quarantined been for you? Mm
Three?
It was it's kind of been hard because um like me personally I'm more susceptible to being sick because I have a low immune system. Uh
I also have iron deficiency problems, so that's kind of why I have uh no immunity. And then
here we have a tv curbside. So
we use that at first
when this pandemic had hit, it was crazy because people who had never used curbs, they were
using it, but I kept
seeing that they were using it for the wrong reasons they were using
it. Um Which doesn't make sense to me to get like one or two items, like if to me if you're going to use the curbside use it because you're getting like, you know, groceries, like a lot of them, but some of them were
also using it just to get a parking space and it's crazy,
it's like, I didn't understand why they were doing this, you know, during a pandemic, when there's other people
that actually really need to use it. So like, I would always use it, but sometimes people would be taking it and using it again for the
wrong
reasons and it would be kind of upset because then I had to get down and there was
this
creepy person that just scared me so bad. They were in the grocery store, mind you, I was paying for my groceries and it was a little old man and he's like, he goes up to me, he's like, hi there, I'm the masked man and like I, and he's like, um what did he say? He's like, oh, you
look like a good girl, like, okay. And he's like, do you mind if you give me a hug? It's been a really tough
pandemic,
you know, you can just take off your mask and let me tell you it out. And I'm like,
I stayed really quiet and
then
the cashier, she heard all of this and she's like, sir, maybe
next
time.
And he turned around to her, he's like, how about you? He's like any takers
on.
And I'm
like, like,
he made me so scared and
I'm like, this is why I use
curbside,
nobody's scared me. Like he was old and I'm like, aren't you scared of getting sick? But really not like he was just asking everybody in the store for her.
No, I ran out of there and I started crying like like I almost almost pepper sprayed him but it was in a store so I was trying whatever, whatever let it go
and I like your hair. Like I wish I had that color hair going on. It looks
But I do that to my freaking mom. I see little hairs on her and I just pull it and she's like
me.
huh. And I laugh because a lot of people um mistake my age. They think I'm like um what did they often say? Like I'm 15, 16 or also it got me upset one time because this cashier at an A. T. V. She offered me to be buddy books. She's like, oh you want to go to the machine? And I was like and I looked at her and nice, do you know how old I am?
She's like, yeah,
it's an H. Eveybody book,
which is like um there's a little machine where little kids use a little cloth to get like these points to redeem them from the step up.
And I was like, you know how old I am. She's like, no. And I'm like, I am 18 years old. Well, I'm so sorry that like, I just put my head down in shame. Like this was in front of my mom and she's like laughing so much and it's like, why? Why?
So? Yeah.
I don't know what time or how much time we've been on here.
Okay. How much time were we supposed to complete?
It's,
I mean, yeah, let's just
talk an extra few minutes just to make sure it's okay.
What did, like, how did it go with your first partners or however many you did like?
went
No, for sure.
I give you like 100,
Um The first one I was kind of off about because Like I guess I was kind of like a little bit irritated because I waited on the time. She didn't show up till 15 minutes later and I just need the extra 15 minutes just to make sure, you know, like maybe they were running late, maybe they were doing something important. So I waited 15 minutes after the time that we were scheduled for and she's kind of like, I don't know, like she seemed very like she didn't care so much, he didn't want to do anything, not put an effort and I'm not sure. I'm like, oh, okay. I'm like, hey, I'm like, hi, I didn't think you were gonna show up. And she's like, yeah, I was just taking a swim, you're like, oh okay. She's like, yeah, she just like stayed very quiet and like put her head down for a bit and I'm trying to make conversation with
her. She's a grown woman, like I would think she has something to talk about and we go on and we're talking but it's very hard to talk with her. It's like she's really dreading it the whole time. So I asked her, I'm like okay, like we get
to the part where I'm asking about her age And she's like, oh yeah, like I'm almost gonna be 30 and like I'm like okay, well shooting like almost, you know, during that age you would have a lot to talk about during
your like, no, she like she creeped me out a little bit so I didn't really like talking to her that much. but
I did it and then
Oh no it's
fine. The second
one she went well she was more around my age, she was in college, so she had a lot to talk about. We were talking about like school stuff what I remember from high school and just stuff like that and I was like I really got along with her, we talked about you know, whatever netflix shows she watches um just stuff
like that and she ended up relating to me like pretty well.
So I guess it's just, it depends on the person whether they want to make the effort or not to like actually try and talk.
And you were my first one that was on time. The rest were full of Past two. They kept being late and I was like, is prolific maybe giving them another time like on purpose to see if people are gonna wait. And I was like, this is freaking me out. I'm like why are they always late? And I don't know whether to wait an hour to wait 30 minutes.
So
yeah, I wait like 10 minutes and 15 minutes and by then I'll know if they're not going to show up or not because that's just
it gives me a heart attack.
No,
and we're years ever like late
or like they were on time.
wondered too. I was like, I don't know. And then I didn't know how it works. So I kept signing up over and over again. I'm like, I really hope they're not just trying to record people and be creepy. You know? Like that would be weird and like maybe they're paying, you know, that amount of money to just watch to see what people are doing
christmas?
you're not gonna make no money out of me.
I was thinking about it but I'm like I don't know because I'm kind of scared again that they might, you know ditch but I'm like, you know it's whatever like if it happens it happens. So I'm thinking about signing up again.
Oh yeah. I always did my alarm in the day and I'm gonna you know, meet with somebody. But I don't know like I again I kept getting discouraged and I was like why are these people always late or not showing up?
no.
I have hope now. I'm really hoping. Oh
it then let's see here.
All right. So I don't know if you want to stop there or like what?
yeah we can stop there.
was nice meeting you too.
That's your handshake