Mhm. Thank you.
What do you hear me?
Oh hold on I can't hear you.
Yeah hold on I'm hearing some music. Is there music playing on your end?
Let me try fixing my end girl quick.
Oh okay I think I fix the problem.
I'm doing good. How are you? Uh huh.
What?
don't wake up early either. I wake up usually around maybe like 11.
but
well congrats
You
know?
Oh
and I'm halfway there. I have three.
Um So my first one, my oldest, she's running around right now she's great and white. She's a mixture. Um One of them is just full on dark grade And then where's the other 1? Mr Chunky. Um Okay
he's kind of like tiger striped, he has like a bunch of black stripes on him but
he's
brown for
because
Girl
What?
What?
it's not easy.
know?
now.
Are you planning on re homing them or keeping them?
No one can.
You know.
It's doable,
barely.
Thank
you.
Power.
No,
but
Well,
mine were all unexpected. Um My first
one, I wasn't ready to have any pests because I had, you know, just moved into a new place and I ended up, you know, coming with my mom to somewhere because she wanted okay, she wanted some kittens that people were offering, which they were new warrants. They were barely like a week old because their mom had passed away. The mom had got hit by a car and they needed someone to bottle feed them because
they
just didn't have time. So my mom went and she got to but my mom wasn't taking care of them, which made me really angry and she was just going to throw them to a random person. I'm like, I would prefer
you give me one because we want to make sure they're going to good families because a lot of the time people just army so no, precious now get
off of your sister. No. Oh my God. Yeah. Over
precious.
No. Yeah, I'm sorry
and
hey.
and
pretty that is your sister, You don't dominate her. Yeah. Uh huh.
I
Head
Yeah. And right now, you know, she's about a year and a half old but it's been going good. Um I took care of her, I bottle fed her but it was tough because most of the time she would viciously bite off the nipple off
of
the
bottle so I had to always get her new bottles so it was tough And
then
the stuff get one And then the 2nd 1 she she was unexpected as well. I found her outside of an apartment. She had a bloody I um she kind of looked very mangled like if someone had played with her and then just threw her outside and I didn't
like
that
very much.
So I took her and
of course finally our third he was a christmas baby. He came to us on christmas, we didn't know where he was from, we didn't see that anybody owned him. So of course I took him.
usually.
man.
yeah. I know. It's crazy how fast they breed,
how
has
quarantine been for you? Oh
No.
Thank you.
What?
So
we
used
to be your job before this way.
What used to be your job before this
prepare?
I don't know I was agreeing with you. I mean before this I was the same way I never really went out so it's not really much of a big deal.
I used to be a massage therapist but that was a year ago now I'm kind of like I guess how do you what's the word for I guess I'm kind of like a housewife now but without the wife part I'm just I'm a
house girlfriend I guess that's what you call it.
I'm just here at the house I cook and clean so there really is to do.
What?
That's
true.
What?
No.
No.
And what other shows do you watch?
What?
mm. And is this your first time doing a survey like this or
have you done it multiple times?
And how were your chat partners?
No.
she keeps dominating her sister. She acts like she's
and she'll get on top of her and it's weird and it's creepy. It's not natural. Often sir
pressure
you know listening or what President? Oh but
uh huh. She's
just biting her really really
bad. Oh my God.
What
when
they start growling? That's when it's bad. Yeah.
I don't know
to
me I separate them when they start growling at each other and just hissing. Mhm.
No
I mean it's fine I I like I enjoy cat people over you know young people at times because a lot of the times they insult
cats
and it hurts me.
Exactly. It's like you can like both like I don't like dogs that much but I don't insult them.
Yeah
it's in a new girl.
Same.
Work.
Plus
I
think it's more tough with dogs because you have to probably train them. If not they all pee in your house. It's not just the cat where you just put them on their litter box in their train.
I mean it's unhealthy obsession.
I want
to do I do
thanks.
I've never
tried one of those. Are those good? The rock stars?
What
what?
have
you ever
tried the cake starts?
they're really really good.
All
How many?
Stop it
Titter.
Just woke up in a bad mood. Anything violent?
and then yeah I've tried a lot of the kick starts and I liked him and for a while I had to use them because I had
got
a job at a call center and It was
every day you know wake up at six you you know you got to be there by seven and You stay there till you know five. And for me it was hard to do because I wasn't used to working make that long. So it was it was frustrating because I don't like coffee. I hate the taste of coffee, it can be anything and I don't like it. So I got that and those were really good. But then after a while it
started
tool
and I kept getting jitters. I kept it messed with my anxiety, got a little bit of a site depression. Yeah. Okay.
What?
There is.
Yeah.
What?
I
mean I
just quit because it was messing with me. It was real like I felt like I kept getting worse. I kept coming home from here and I didn't like that because usually I'm bubbly I'm happy and it just wasn't me anymore and I was like, no, I don't like this, you know? And my my job after that was being a massage therapist, which I enjoyed because the place I particularly work that they had the weird thing where you just come in whenever you feel like I guess except friday saturday and sunday, those are mandatory, but other than that, since they had a surplus of workers and you only need to work like a little bit, then they just want you to come in whenever. Like if you want to stay there all day, you can. But it's basically
since I was new, I always went last because I was I guess new there and they wanted to give the people who were there hours more plus they kind of thought I was a kid from the look, I had some, they were like, oh, you know, she's fine, you know, she can get whatever money you know afterwards. So it was actually pretty good, I liked it because everything was fine, the job itself was okay
and it was you know high paying in the way that people when they give you tips, sometimes it wasn't always okay, but there were decent people that were like okay, here you go.
Yeah. Yeah, and then after that it there was problems like all the time I guess because the people that work there something sketchy felt like it was going on like because there was a girl trying to talk to me and another worker there and she talked in another language, she couldn't talk english and I'm not sure if it was mandarin or I don't know what it was, but apparently she was telling us with her translator on her phone, you know, that she wasn't supposed to be there, that they were all kind of I guess not supposed to be there, that they went there and that they're working you know like for low pay they get a good amount of pay all of them but they're paying to be there and she wanted to go back home but they weren't letting her so that's all we heard. And then I guess someone caught on that she was talking to us about something she wasn't supposed to so she had to stay quiet after that they would not let her talk. There was always someone in the room with her and they were like watching her and like uh no no
and
she
Yes, so I got real scared and I was like okay this doesn't feel right, I'm like for one you know all of them say they came from the same place but they won't talk about it as far as that and they wouldn't let her talk to us after that. And then after all of that, just to add on top, there was always these people that they didn't like me very well because I started getting my own clients and they always requested me. And I guess the person at the front would be like, oh Sam's not here, but they clearly thought I thought I was here and there. Like, you know, you said Sam wasn't here and she's here. So everybody started getting pissed off and they're like, you know, it's not fair that I keep getting clients that ask for me and they kept saying quote unquote that they were gonna beat my ass like damn.
Like I guess it's time to quit again.
Yeah. So I was like, you know what? No, like this isn't this isn't it? Like every job I have had. I never
liked
it, but it's okay. I mean, I like being a house girlfriend. It's it's good.
Okay.
What?
This is
What?
No
Bye.
That's shadow right there.
exports.
Yeah. I don't know. At first she scared me because her eyes were really bright as a baby and it freaks me out because she wouldn't want to sleep with me. She would want to be by herself in the restroom. So I would go into the restroom at night. And all I see is like two writers looking at me like this. You know, like, like there's a demon in my bathroom, I'm like, oh God, this is where I die. But I turned on the light and it's just her and she's looking at me with like this killer
look
and I'm like, oh my God.
No one of mine this morning, I also didn't get sleep. I woke up at five because he was crying more
than usual. Stop it.
And he was he was crying more than usual, which
freaked
me out. So I checked on him later on and
he smelled kind of funny and I was like, okay, I get that you're fat but you need to clean yourself and he's not able to clean himself properly because he's very round on his figure. So I was trying to help him and I was looking at him and you know, getting white piece so I can help them and I realized he's leaking diarrhea. So it was like it wasn't fun, I had to help him, he was sick so I was trying to give him a little bath and you know just trying to check where else there might have been droppings and I've been up since then and it's excruciating.
No and then I touched his ears and his ears felt very hot like extremely burning hot. So I got a nice cold bottled water and I was just rubbing it around him to help pull him off. Right he
seems
fine,
he's acting normal. I don't know, yep.
What
panel?
that's
when you're not going to like take them to the vet.
but it was an actual animal hospital because I know I have one here too but it makes me mad how they name it as an animal hospital instead of a vet because they still require you to make an appointment and you won't get an appointment till two months later.
Yeah and I'm like how do you call yourselves an animal hospital if it's exactly like a vet you know like you schedule an appointment
and you won't get one till two months later.
No.
because my cat got sick and she had an emergency like she was just throwing up everywhere she couldn't eat and no one wanted to take her. They're like oh you know the next appointment is available within you know three months or two months. And I'm like okay you said you're an animal hospital right?
Doesn't that mean you can just bring in your animal? No ma'am you need to make an appointment.
There's
there
is
one but the nearest one near me is like an hour and a half away
like that's ridiculous.
I thought about moving to Canada honestly I was like they have free healthcare but apparently it takes up to living a year or two over there for you to get free health care. And it's highly expensive while you're over there
and I'm like
Mark
what?
she's so pretty.
Oh shit. I was just checking the time. How much are we supposed to talk for?
Yeah. We talked already for 45 minutes.
So
do you want to end it there or what do you want to do?
It's been lovely talking to you too.
You to make sure you take care of them.
Us
cat people are counting on me.
One
that
people
all right can have a good day.