you know in sports? Hello? Oh you hear me? I can't hear you.
Yeah. Yeah. There we go.
All right. Check check check check check check. Um
No it shouldn't be.
Yeah. Um Mhm. Damn it isn't here dimmer than I wanted to be. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Well yeah that's better.
Right, how you doing?
You know it's very early. I just sort of checked every box on the available
availability ladder. Just sort of assuming the middle of the day kind of situation would occur and I don't know why I assume. Okay. Mhm.
Yeah it's basically how I've been going these days. I just had a bunch of newborn kittens come into my life
so
it's just kittens all the time. Thanks. Yeah it's so crazy and it's like like during the quarantine like the big quarantine like I I've been thinking about fostering a cat
and
then this cat just arrived like showed up on my door literally just outside my door crying just like six month old kitten. And I was just like, it's kiddie and let's let the kitty inside and it was like super sweet and like incredibly grateful to be inside and just like walking around like chicken, everything out, like half food and like starts sleeping with me and like cuddled up and something like this cat is so nice. This cat is like the most grateful cat in the history of the world. And I thought it was a boy and it just kept gaining weight and I was like, this is great. You know, he's all he's all like skinny and it's like a homeless cat now, he's all fat and it's it's really great. He's really gained weight really, really fast. And I woke up one morning just there's seven cats And so now I got seven cats. Yeah.
Mhm. That's too many cats.
Yeah. What color are they?
Right.
That's
good.
Nice. Yeah. That's awesome.
I I don't know how how it worked out this way with with us but like she had six kittens to her blonde, to her black and to her great tiger stripe and they're like
they're like pairs like the blond ones like to sleep
like on
each other and the black ones, the ones they're like they're like little sets. It's adorable.
But it's maddening because it's five weeks today and they have just reached the point where they can like climb over barriers and like not be corralled in a room. Like I want them to stay. So I
am just constantly on on guard now. I don't think I'm like a
new parent. I haven't slept in five weeks.
Mhm. Happened. That's a good question. I you know, I can't have seven cats. That's great.
That's a crazy amount of cats. But like I've also never done I've never done any of this before. Like I had a cat for years, but just one and you know, and she she was fixed when I got her, so she wasn't even an issue. I've never like had like take a mother's baby so away from her and I don't feel
I really don't want to do that. But seven cats, Like three Cats. 3 cats is like the outer limit of a reasonable amount.
And so
yeah, and that's a lot of cats and especially like, like the way that she is, she's got real long body. So like, I'm pretty sure these babies are going to be like that, so he's just gonna be huge cats and I'm
in an apartment
and uh I just don't think I can I don't think it's
possible, but I don't know. I think okay,
I don't know, it's gonna be it's gonna
be a real careful situation where I'm going to grow more attached to them no matter what and I already have and I've already started naming them but I have to point before they're all just named and like settled. I just have to like, I don't know, just tell somebody that I've got cats and have them be freaking out wanting
one that I don't know.
Good.
Looking
for
Thank you.
Great.
A future. That's just what that's what the next six months
you're gonna be like.
Yeah, that's well that's what
I love about cats. Like precious and so it's
like precious. You try to say it's scary, precious. Very
difficult.
I used a dog was named princess for Antonella fancy pants and and they would only say the name is as princess fontanel, a fancy pants. And so whenever they would lose the dog and we run around like Princess Panchali first pants roger that offense
fans. It was adorable
come running out of it. No.
All
the
time.
I've been
trying to
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
that's right.
That's cool. That's nice. Yeah, I can't I just can't handle can't handle like sad animals out
in the streets. Especially because I like I'm in Georgia and like, like even even in Atlanta, like, you know, it's like just it's city, but there's enough forestry around that. There's like coyotes everywhere. Like I'm like well aware that like if you see a stray cat out and you just like let them go, they're probably not, you're not gonna see them again. Like I'm just going to get eaten by coyote and so I can't I can't do that. But now I can't do that at all because I mean I'm already at seven. No way we can go higher. We've got to reduce the number. Going up, bigger is even more nightmares. It's funny because I hadn't really thought about it. My friend was like you need to make sure that no matter what you do, you get all of those cats fixed at the earliest pot opportunity. And I was like, yeah, I mean I will I'm gonna you know when I started trying to figure out exactly what we're gonna do have been taking off in the van and I was giving him a timeline He's like four months might be I don't think finally,
I think you should do before four months. I think I think you'll have more kittens by then. I was like really? No, I don't think so. And I talked to the bed. She's like yes, you will have more kittens, you will have like 40 kittens if you do that. Just like man, I like I always knew that cat's bread like that and I just but I just didn't really think it through. I guess I didn't think about exponential growth. It was just like, man, you can have like 500 cats. Like you can go from like one pregnant cat on your doorstep to like 500 cats in like half a year. That's insane.
You know?
No
one.
Yeah. I think the cats have helped a lot, but the rest of it, I don't know like I sort of have sort of been a bit of a hermit anyway for a while so like
it made that worse but since I was already doing that everything changed very little like it was much better when when the unemployment actually paid the bills now. I have no idea what's going to happen because my entire because I do
stand up and stand up comedy and live like events and bars and
stuff and there are no bars so there's no comedy. There's no live events of any kind you know? So I've just been watching all the T. V.
All
the
time.
Do you want?
As you stand up comedy and like live events hosting events and bars and like in seeing live events hosting trivia games lots of lots of things were drunk people pack into small enclosed
spaces and like loudly into each other's spaces. Just events that will not be happening for a very long time. But you know, that's, that's fun. I like, I like this tv kitten life that I have now, you know before I had like friends and things that I did, I went out and I would places that went to events, did things now. It's just kittens in true blood. Really? That's, that's fine. I'm enjoying that. I'm not not much problem with that little isolated. Uh huh
yeah. What do you do? Yeah.
hmm.
that's cool.
wow. Yeah, that's pretty much the same thing. I think I think half of my like or half of half of like the generation or like the most frequent three generations are all just doing that like right, like the moment, at least for like the majority
of this year. It's just amusing to me to think like we're all just sitting around
like all
isn't that weird? Like it's funny because I think about like at any other time in history, if this was happening, people would be just locked in rooms with like nothing to do. You know like unless they just happen to have a library or something which nobody had like there was just nothing, you know, any other time in history,
people be like sitting in the rooms like coming up with crazy science and like, you know, figuring things out like doing all kinds of amazing kind of just pondering. Nces on on the human condition and stuff and with our generation I'm watching True Blood. I've seen it before. But I mean I'm watching it again and I've had like true blood. It's fun. Mhm. Stupid father. But
I didn't need I think if I'm being more honest with myself like
spending a year just watching Tv and like taking care of cats and like sleeping exactly as much as I need every night is like the greatest gift anyone could have given me as long as I don't die of the plague. I'm okay with this. All right. That could be a definite but kitties and T. V. Shows. I'm good.
Right. I watch everything. I watched a lot of like a lot of sci fi horror genre kind of T. V. And then just anything that people say is good. I have now watched. Yeah, I'm gonna I can't even pick out things anymore. Like when people ask for recommendations. I try to think back like okay what if I watched because I've watched everything
and I'm just like I have to count just back through things like re watching true Blood. Before that I watched Black sails. Before that I watched Bojack Horseman. I watch Bates motel. I'm watching only be named shows and then I think, ok, I can't watch anymore be named shows. It was like West Wing and Buffy the vampire slayer. Wait, I said I wasn't gonna watch be named shoes and I'm like make my way back through the HBO catalog while I'm watching Six other ship. It's very it's probably sad. It's probably because it's very reminiscent of how my grandmother used to be with soap operas. Oh my God, I just watched my stories that you get real mad if you interrupted her stories and it was the thing that had to happen every day. Kind of like that. That's how I feel.
energy.
I've done this a couple times. It's been cool.
It was cool. Uh one person who only wanted to talk about politics, so that was fine. It wasn't aggressive, so it was fine. Especially because, you know,
I think I think you can have a conversation vaguely political with anyone right now just because there's a plague and that plague is a thing and so we can all just talk about that thing and that's fine. Even if I'm talking to, you know, a clearly republican man in texas probably doesn't much. Oh really? The press is freaking out.
Go ahead.
that's
about it.
peace
we're bringing out.
Yeah.
Yeah. The kittens do that and it's like, I can't tell what's like play and what's like
bad like
sometimes.
they history there all the time. Little barely audible baby hisses and in the world and I'm like, is that supposed to be scary or is that just them messing around? I can't really tell, but like don't bite each other like on the jaw, like they like put the top of their mouth inside the other one's mouth, right? Just like, is that are you playing around? That looks really hardcore, but they're like rubber.
Thank
you.
guess. Yeah, that's true. The monster and the bite the babies to which I guess is just a feature of they're getting tea and every time they're nursing, they're probably fighting her. It's probably making it really mad, but it's turning arrest. She groans like a waitress, she rides like a single mom waitress who's like super irritated by everything. She runs around like murder. It's very funny and they're like very human sounding noises. Ma'am. I turn into a person that talks about cats too much I guess. I might be I'm sorry if I'm talking about cats
too much.
Is
that
Young people do have to think about insulting cats for some reason. I don't know why it has to be an and or thing like
No. You know, I like dogs, I just don't want a dog.
It's like
like,
you know, even the seven cats too many cats. But you know, it's conceivable that I could have all these cats. You know, you set up the bulls and you clean the litter boxes and and and that's like a
thing. Seven dogs going in our house seven times a day for each. No, you can't. You literally cannot do that
there
too.
Yeah. It's been amazing watching how quickly these kittens have. Just they just like saw the litter box and they were like, okay, and then they just hope for the first time in their lives, like two and it's just like how okay. So you just knew earth like loser finally for weeks. It's so funny. Like the food was the same thing. They just put down the phone just like cool food. Like how do you even know what food is hell? It's your food. Your entire conception of food should just be like mom. Your food is your mom. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is becoming an obsession. Uh huh.
I think I need to start a Youtube channel. I'm thinking that that's maybe a way I can keep seven cats as if I just start some too many cats like doing like online tv shows. Like it's too many cats with them. Like welcome back to so many cats can somebody send us a food? Yeah, because my, my mom watches a lot of like livestream animal stuff on Youtube and like there's
a lot of
mhm. They just do that. Like they
just got a bunch of cats and so they just set up a couple of cameras on the cats and they just leave them on and people just send them tons of food and treats and stuff. Mm hmm. Maybe I really like having webcams just run it in my house. But whatever getting hurt is expensive. I
don't know,
Mhm. They are or well, I guess I guess it depends on what you want from it. Like I quit drinking like beer and like I like beer is like real social for me. Like, you know, just something I sit when I'm, when I'm talking or doing whatever and like as a replacement for beer, specifically that Rockstar energy drink is pretty good because it bites the back of your throat, sort of like a beer. I don't know. It probably sounds weird but like it actually
it's sort of, I don't know, it does something in my head that
makes me feel like that's cool. I don't need beer. And then I and I like it more than coffee and so in the mornings
I like
it
mountain dew one. Mhm. Haven't. That is good.
Yeah, you should try that. I keep trying them. But like
I think 95% of energy drinks have article sweetener. Like the ones that say that they don't like when you actually go down to the ingredients they have like super close and some and a couple other like versions of ASP retain and all that stuff makes me sick. So I don't know, shouldn't really drink it though. I keep hearing horrible things like over and over. Like I'll be drinking one of those things out like amongst people and I'll have some horrific horror story about their cousin that got ulcers or their uncle who got uh I almost had a heart attack from energy drink abuse and stuff and it's just like this, I mean it's really like that if there was just like coffee,
it's really nuts. My one was funny, it was a comic friend of mine was telling me like, yeah, I started seeing that Costco had like really good prices on energy drinks. I just started buying tons of them and I just started drinking them all day and I started getting with this pain in my like in my like left bottom side and I thought I had testicular cancer and I was positive I had testicular cancer. I was looking at the stuff online, I called doctor and said that I would just point and stuff and then the doctor was like drinking too many energy drinks. He's like, this is a very specific pain. It's like specifically on the left, like this is this is this can't be the energy drinks and it's just like, I promise you it is, you can look at them on google and I googled it and it's literally just hundreds of people a bit like, don't drink Red Bull makes the left side to hurt really bad.
Okay, get it off the books. So that was
the funniest.
Yeah, thanks. I learned some of those Catlett for tricks a little. You're right, that,
thank
you.
interesting.
There's
an increase in
the car.
Yeah, I just there's nothing really, There's nothing that really works for stuff like that for like a 10 hour shift that starts early in the morning, like coffee, even if you can get over the taste of it or figure out how you like it. It still can sometimes just make you tired. Like
it'll wake you up for five minutes and then make you way more tired for the rest of the day and you don't know when that's going to happen or why and energy drinks kind of do the same thing. It's just, you know, I feel like It's 2020, isn't this? The future shouldn't there be better things? Like
I always felt like they were saying like that in the future we would have all these cool like pharmaceuticals that wouldn't be like, they wouldn't even be drugs, they would just be effective medications for things like this and san juan Gonzalez half and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. The
copy is stained your teeth and there's nothing you can do about that. If you drink coffee you will get yellow teeth and unless you just do stuff about it all the time and that's, it's like every person I know that works in an office, they just look worse every time I
see him, their teeth get yellow. Er I guess something about being on the fluorescent lights all the time, make some real real pale and just go hunt, just draining the life from them. Like man, really, I really need to get some time off, luckily the plague came along and gave them that time off. So are
we looking
at?
No.
mm hmm.
Yeah. I have an extra point. There's an aesthetician. She always talks about the tips. Goddamn people tip that much. I guess it does make sense. I mean, people tip waitresses and shit, it's way, way more appropriate to tip people who are actually touching you and doing things to your body. It's like, yeah, she makes a good living.
I am.
That's
like the, that's like for real trafficked people think because that's what they do, right? Like they like funnel them from like little spot a little spa, like all across the country. Never let him talk to anybody. They always keep them isolated from people who speak their language and stuff. That's crazy.
Fashion.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. But every one thing about this is sketchy as hell, so I'm gonna go, yeah, that's probably a good idea. Just knowing that you are in proximity of people who are like operated or engaged in some sort of pipeline for human trafficking. Never a good idea could always end up in that pipeline. How hard could it be for you to get mixed up and lost in the pipeline? Like, nah, it's no matter how good the tips are, they're not worth that.
I want
to.
Yeah, I'm bad. It sounds pretty sweet. You know, I like being a stand up comedian, but I like this, especially if they can turn the unemployment back on, I'm fine, I'm fine for a while. They could, if I could just pay the bills and me and and get the food for the cats, I can continue like this for a good long while. I don't, I'm not even, it's like I keep talking to friends that are really spasming out with like loneliness or I guess just sort of boredom or like stir craziness. There's like chomping at the bit to go see 10 tenant and it's like, I mean it was really
that bad and I mean, I guess maybe, I mean it's just because I just hadn't had much of a social life in a while, so it just didn't really bother me. But you know, I'm all right. I'm certainly not gonna, You know, put my mom at risk by going to see 10ants. You know, I like Christopher Nolan. All right. I think Not worth that, definitely not worth like $50
and a chance of killing my family over. Like I'm certainly not in that kind of mode. Like keep talking to people that are in various stages of just having some sort of big freak out. Like my friend was like called
the six weeks ago. I was like, I'm moving to Alaska. Yeah, right. Talking about it's like, I'm moving to Alaska. They got jobs, people working on on the drilling crews and so I'm gonna go and I was like, dude, where is this coming from? And like, he's just like, I, I can't, I can't even talk about it right now, but you know, I'll call you when I get there and I get settled and he just hung out. And I was like, okay, well that's, I want to see him for years that that's just gone. And I called him two weeks later and I was just like, hey man, how's it,
what's it like up there? And he was like, where in Alaska? It's like, oh yeah, I don't know if I'm going to do that.
Although you would go, Yeah, I guess when we never see each other, you can tell me you're going to Alaska, you could have told me you're in Alaska. I would still believe it. So I would think that you're just they're just oh kitty attacks. Oh kitty
kitty. Oh you've got pretty eyes.
So that's one of those great cats that have the like, kind of hunting eyes. I like the yellow cat eyes. My mama cats got like bright
yellow eyes. That's cool. Halloween cats.
I
don't know.
This is my bathroom. My bathroom. Okay, Okay. Your bathroom? Yeah. Sometimes my cat was just out of nowhere, gives me a look where I'm like, I think the cats thinking about biting me in the face, like out of nowhere, like I'll be like petting her and like having like a sweet friendly time and then all of a sudden should just give me one look that really gives me pause, like a hateful, angry look. Just like, I'll give you whatever you want, but don't ever like that makes me want to get you off my lap. I was I actually missed when she was pregnant because she was just so Roli poli, it's like her belly got so gigantic that she couldn't really do anything. She would lay on her back like that's what you rubber valley and stuff. But I could just like roll her around as soon as she lost the weight again and she's like less malleable. It's like I like to defend yourself. Just rub your belly.
forecasters,
thanks.
Over
there.
You could have.
Yeah. That sucks. Did you ever figure out what was causing it?
You
should be
able
I mean if he if he gets if that's like a fever and it gets worse, like he just, you'll be able to tell he just won't do anything like you and and like when they're sick like that, like all they do really is just sort of lay there with
that like sad, tired look in their
eyes and look at you like uh like that's what the mind that said. It's like when they do that when they're like help like
that.
Yeah. It's crazy because I've lived like walking distance from animal hospital, like it's less than 1/4 of a mile away, but I just haven't taken them over because you know, it's I don't understand how they, how they expect this to work. Everything online is like, you know, as soon as they're born you take them over the vet and it's just like, but you're not supposed to touch the babies and you're supposed like you're supposed to keep them all in a quiet dark place and not freak him out. And I've learned like several times over now that like she's protective of them, wait and touch them a little but there's definitely a line and it's definitely not like a I'm gonna shove you all in a bag and taking down street gonna situation.
Yeah. Oh my God. Really?
No.
Mhm. Man, that might actually be the case because this place is like a you know, located in an old house, like
an old single story house converted into a business, so probably not an actual animal hospital I might actually need.
You work for,
I swear there used to be animal hospitals that were like hospitals that you could bring a sick animal to. Like if you hit a dog driving your car, you can like grab the dog, take it to the animal hospital and they try to save its like that's just not a thing anymore like
from the way they're not on
the phone
like.
What?
Yeah, that's the way it is for us to, it's it's a humane society has a hospital, but it's the only one in the entire state of Georgia or something. And it's just like, so is this a thing where all those things did exist? And then the humane society opened their own hospital and then all the other ones closed because they were like others and they got an animal hospital. Not just be the one. Yes, that is what happened. This country is so ridiculous that we just keep doing that with all these different things and then you just end up with. No it with one animal hospital for like 500,000 people. And I guess that's just the way it's gonna be free market working itself out I guess. Like that's a stupid thing to have on the free market. Everybody's got pets, we don't want him to die. So frustrating, living the most frustrating times imaginable.
It's
hard you can like moving to Canada like enough low key way where you just go basically and sort of sort of just stay longer than you're supposed to and reapply them stuff that's fairly easy to do. But you're right, it's really a but you but you can get a job on those visas and stuff so like you can make that work, but like actually like becoming a Canadian citizen, it's basically impossible unless you're already rich because you just have to have like a really amazing job or an encrypt. That's it, Whoa. She likes an incredibly impressive education and it and it costs money, Like actually like there's money you have to pay to become a Canadian citizen and it's like six
or $7,000. It's not even
anything to sneeze at. This is my mom. Okay. The amount of
mm hmm. What are you doing? She's mad at me. She wants food, You want food. Sharon cats sharing cats on the internet.
I think 25 minutes. I was like, I was talking for 45 minutes.
Absolutely start talking about kitties. Mhm,
definitely.
I should probably actually feed this girl, so she just chopped up on the bed. She wants some key foods. But it's been lovely talking to you.
I hope you have a nice day. Good luck with your kitties.
Oh no. I'm going to take great care of. I'm very pleased. I'm going to place them with the nicest hippies I can find. They will just shower them and hippie love forever. That's my that's
my
I know, I know I'm responsible
for seven lives.
I don't
take it lightly.