Yeah, it's the first time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah yeah, competitive shooting stuff. Mhm Mhm Okay. Yeah. Mm mhm Yeah Yeah yeah yeah mhm That's something okay people yeah. Mhm Yeah Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh
I'm
yeah. Hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
awesome, awesome, awesome. Mhm uh So what's your name?
1, 1 more
time.
Larry like Larry, awesome, awesome. My name's, my name's Amy, my name's Angle. Yeah. So um where are you from?
Oh cool, cool. I'm in Georgia.
Mhm I've never been to texas. I've always heard that it's very, it's very hot and that you will drive for miles and miles and you'll just see nothing because it's so big. So that's life.
That's what I've heard.
I'm sorry.
just I mean I guess you could just talk about ourselves. I mean do you have um so how old are you? Mm 28
No,
see that was close. I I should get, I should get a prize. I should get the number one prize because that was close. That was very close.
So how old am I? How old do you think I am? It's hard with women, it's hard with women to guess. You don't want
to be wrong
and say I'm old. But you don't want to be
you know, off you want to be right. So okay, let's see. To take my glasses. You can see my wrinkles. No, I'm just kidding. Very very close. I will be 31 on my birthday but right now I'm still 30. So very good. That was good. That was good. Very good guess. So if you'd said 35 I would have been like no, no. So
um what do you do for work?
Oh cool, cool, cool. I used to work at a grocery store um Now I just um now I just stay home with the kids because of the school stuff, but I used to work at the grocery store, I worked at the grocery store for almost five years was a long time, yep.
But
I was
in the grocery store here like um has the deli department where you make the sandwiches and you cut the meat and stuff, so I was stuck in the deli for a long, long
time, that was not the fun. So what do you do at the grocery store? Are you a cashier or you work in the meat department?
Oh cool, cool. Do you like it? Oh
it depends it depends on the day sometimes
I feel
like, yeah that makes sense.
Right now I hear that
I know when I when I used to work at the grocery store it was just like there was a sweet spot like when it was too slow you wanted to be at home but when it was too busy it was just too much. But there was a sweet spot where you were just steady enough that the time went by pretty fast and then you could go home but not with all this, you know, covid and stuff going on. It's probably
hard to be at the grocery store, you know like because you're you're putting yourself at risk to be at the grocery store, you know and to work with all the, you know people and all the germs and stuff. I'd be like, no, no germs. Uh huh. So
where
yeah, to wear the masks
and stuff. Yeah. So where are you from originally? You
have
little, you have a little bit of an accent. That's the only reason I ask.
I don't know I I've never been anywhere. I I lived I lived in Alabama and then I moved to Georgia And I've been to Florida four times and that's it. So I don't know anywhere. Never gone anywhere.
Um Maybe I know a couple of people like um I have a friend who's from um she's from Albania and you don't sound like you're Albanian and I have a friend who's from who's like she's from high et. So maybe maybe um I know you're not Haitian are you? I have a friend who is
from um like um it's just it's hard for me like I guess because being southern like I can't tell the different, you know like where uh where the different dialect you know like comes from. So I'm bad at guessing
all. Oh so how long have you lived here? Let me ask you hard
questions.
You.
Oh wow. Do you do you do you miss it there or you do you get to visit
You know
everything
got
messed up. I'm sorry about
that. Yeah.
Yeah I know I know. Um especially if you don't get to visit very often it's really hard not seeing your family. My I mean my family is they're in Alabama all of them and so they're close enough I can go visit you know it's just a it's just a car drive you know But with everything going on I haven't seen them since christmas and that's hard you know it's hard when you know your mom and your your your family you know and so I definitely feel I definitely feel for you because that's got to be tough because you don't know when the next time you know you get you get to get on the plane to go visit you know? So yeah, so I'm sorry about that. Hopefully you have, you have friends and family here though to keep you company so you're not lonely. Right?
No,
no. You're
the know your history, you know that. No, you're, I'm very lucky that I have my, uh, because I'm married, I have, I have kids. I'm very lucky that I have my,
my little, my little unit because I would, I would probably be very, you know, it's very, it's deep when you think about like I'm alone. You know, that would be, that would be tough. Especially if they don't know everything. You know, some people just know you just a little
and they don't know all of the whole story. So yeah, but hopefully
you get
to,
you
know, thanks time and talk to them. So
you know, I'm sorry, I don't wanna make you sad. I want to make it to make you feel bad. But yeah definitely as long as you still do the Face Time, I know that helps. Like I call my mom every day and talk to her even though she's you know she's you know hours away but we talk all the time. So do you have kids?
No, so you get to guess how many kids do you think I have?
3? Very
close,
very close, very close. I have three kids and they're not they're not babies, they're all bigger, they're all bigger kids. Um Yeah
all I've
got
that is right, that is right. How did you guess that? That's really good. So my son is the oldest and then the girls are the younger two so that's how it worked out. But it was good. Yeah. Yeah and I think like um personally I'm like I love it that I kind of wanted more boys, I kind of wanted more boys because the boys just love their mom and
I'm like I wish I had another one, like another little baby boy, but with just three is good, three is a lot of kids, so you know we're like no no more kids,
no, no we're my husband, he says no more kids. I kind of wanted, I kind of wanted four, but my husband said no, he only wanted to, so by having three, he says that's
it, so no more babies, no more babies, we'll just have to wait for the grand grand babies and I'm like oh we old, then we have to wait for the grand
babies. So but I know I get they get to a point where like when they're not having to change the diapers or whatever, they get really fun like when they can they can go make their own drink and they can go find themselves some some food there so easy. Like kids are not hard, they're not hard when they get to be a little older, like my youngest is five, so they're big, they're getting bigger now, and I'm just like my little babies, they're not babies anymore, so that's fun.
I was
it was right before my birthday, so I was 22 when I got married, I
was 22
when I got
married uh and um but I've
known, I've known my husband since I was 16, so we got we've been together for a very long time. Yeah, so we've we've literally been together for like 14 years, so I know that's a long time. That's not, I don't know, it doesn't feel like that's normal these days, you know, with, you know, every everybody the way they are now, it doesn't seem normal. But we did meet on the computer so we didn't meet at high school. We met on the computer and I lived in Alabama
and he lived in Georgia. Yeah, so
yeah, so I'm totally tell people if you meet someone online and you get the relationship, you know, you can make it happen if you know, if it works out. So that's a good thing. So what do you do for fun? You have any hobbies?
What
was like my husband,
he plays a lot of games, he plays a lot of games on the, on the computer. You see all these, all these, that's his stuff. Um I don't really play a lot of like computer games, but my son, he plays like the Minecraft and he plays something else. Minecraft and anything that's Pokemon, anything Pokemon and so sometimes she makes me play with him. So but I um
I
play
piano. So that's like my thing. I I love music, I play play piano. I teach.
No I have my piano, I've got one in here but it's not plugged up, it's not plugged up right now, it's just it's just sitting there. But I have the big piano. And younger the kids are all in there watching a movie. I don't want to go disturb them, they're gonna be loud. But yeah I have to play some piano. I know I've been working on um one song that sounds, I love it, it's so pretty. But yeah. Um Do you have a favorite movie? No. Um
And
this is
his hard questions.
I know it's hard because it changes. I really like um like the interview with the Vampire, it's from 1994. I really like that movie, but there's a bunch of other movies
I like to and I like TV shows and stuff.
I watch a lot of TV,
it's
embarrassing.
Um and the books I read a lot of books
uh Oh my gosh, you did you see that whole show? Did you see from the beginning to the end, yep. Oh my goodness. Like I love it when um marshall visit marshall, he's looking for the hamburger, he's looking for the best the best hamburger, the best cheeseburger. And I was like this is me, I'm always looking for the best, the best
cheeseburger. I got to find the best one. And I think right now in in the city where we live, I feel like the best, the best cheeseburger is at this little
place
called Mystic Grill, that's in its in Covington Georgia. And uh I think I think that's the best burger. So that's my that's my little too. So,
so yeah, that's a funny show though. I really liked watching that one and I've been watching um shameless and I'm caught up on that. But that shows crazy. Those those kids are just nuts. I'm
like nobody really acts like that, do they?
Oh yeah. Oh my gosh and the dad, he's terrible. And I'm like, oh my God, this is just awful. Just everything. Every there's just something just scandalous. It's just awful. And I'm just like, but I watched the, I watched this shameless. I finished I finished shameless. Have you seen um do you have netflix? You watch netflix? Yeah. Have you seen um um Stranger Things?
Mm I know I've seen
I've
seen
all of that. I thought it was really good but the first season was the best one. I thought the first season was the best.
Right? And it was kind of hard to keep into season two. Like I didn't love it as much and I watched season three and I thought season three was good but
there's another show
called
I'm sorry go ahead.
I'm usually
like
that with most movies and stuff. There's only a few of them where the third movie is my favorite for me like back to the future, the 3rd 1 that was my favorite movie. Like it's so weird. I don't know why but that's the only one I can say without a doubt is the best third movie but that's just my opinion. So I know I miss going to the movie theater. That's what I miss the most like with everything going on. I miss going to the movie theater and then I miss just like, um you know, just getting out and about and talking to people like because it's so hard when you have the mask on and at the store. It's so hard to see if anybody is smiling at you if they're smiling or they're giving you that, you know, but it's all underneath the mask. Let's see it. I would tell people, I'm just like, I'm smiling under here. You have a nice baby. But I mean I'm a chatty person so I talk to people like anytime I'm not in the house. But it's hard, it's hard with the mask on, you know, and I mean I'm, I'm cool with wearing it because I want to be safe and I want other people to be safe. But no, it's, it's hard. I need to put like a smiley face, honest. So we're happy. We're not mad. But I feel like all you see is just your eyes. It could be mean mug. You could mean mug so easy. So yeah. No, Do you have, do you have brothers and sisters?
Oh, I always wanted brothers. I have two sisters. I never had
brothers.
all girls. Uh huh. Yeah,
I know. It's, that's what my
mom wanted though. My mom, when my mom was little, she was the youngest and she had two brothers and she said boys are terrible.
I don't want any boys itself. You prayed, She prayed to God. Please don't give me any boys. I only want girls. I guess
he, I guess he listened, I guess he listened to her prayers and then she had the three of us and I'm in the middle. So yeah, it's
something else.
Just a little, just a little bit,
just a little bit I took it in. Um and um like when I was in high school, I would like to learn a little bit more, but I think I'm more, I think I'd like to talk with my hands though because I talk a lot. I talked so much and so it's really bad, especially somebody standing next to me and I'll be talking with my hands and smack them in the face. I've done that before. And then I'm like, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to slap you
in the nose and then they're just like, oh my God, you have a nice day and then try to get away from me because I'm so, you know, fluid like with my movements and stuff. So Yeah, and I guess the
thing
I've learned
is like
as you get older, I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yeah. Sometimes sometimes it drives people crazy though. So you just, that's one thing I learned though as you get older, like um you find out when people don't like you, it's not a big deal. Like I think when we're younger we worry so much that, oh, someone likes me, they want to be my friend and you try to please so many people. But I think as I've gotten older, I've realized like I don't really care. You know, you you like me good. You don't also good. I don't care, you know? And I think that's a that's a big part. Yeah.
And I think it's harder for women though, honest. I think like we worry about, do I look pretty, Do I look thin? You know, you worry about all that stuff. It's just that's too much. Yes. So, but it's true that I feel like especially with the magazines and stuff, they try to tell people this is what you need to to do. This is what you need to look like. And not everybody's form of perfect is the same. So, you know. So yeah. Have you thought about getting married? Do you have a do you have a significant other? No.
Yeah. Well your finder's,
you'll
find her or him,
You find
them.
Yeah. Someone special.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I feel like when um when we're happy, like when we find like our person, like it just happens, you know what I mean? And I don't think, I don't think like love is, it's like one size like a shoe. It's not like it fits everybody. It's different for everybody. And like in the movies and the books and stuff, they go on like, oh, you know, you're gonna fall head over hills and you're going to be in love and it's gonna it's not, I don't know for me, I feel like it's not quite like that. It's kind of like you grow together thing like you have a really good friend and that really good friend, you just you do everything with that person. I don't know. Like I think friendships that build into relationships are like the best especially when they work out. I feel like that's the best. But and I think the idea of just being like like inseparable like you can't get apart from each other. I think that's just a movie thing. I don't think like my husband we we don't have hobbies together sometimes he was sitting here on his computer and I would sit on the other side of the house and I am were completely happy just doing what we do and then we'll talk to each other sometimes. But it's not like hold your hands, I wanna hold your hand all the time. Where are you my love? You know, it's not like that. So it's like I like to think that you know, maybe there's people out there who are in love like that. But I think after years, you know, it's kind of like, I don't know, like really good roommates and it's like I'm not mad when you drink all the milk so I'll
buy more.
It's easy. So but I think it will work out. Yeah. I think you will find someone. Someone for you. That would be good. Yeah. And then
if you want
to have
kids then you have babies and have a boy and a girl and you're perfect, you have your whole little family. And then and then you can say look, mom, I've got my little my little family and then she would be happy because you have grand babies. That's what all moms want. All moms want grand babies, most of them, most of them. They want lots of grand babies. I can't wait until
I have lots of grand babies. So, so, um Oh, do you have any questions? No?
just
keep talking. I know I'm a chatty person. Um No, no, I'm trying to think, Do you have any pets? Do you have a dog or a cat?
Nope. I have,
I have
all you love
dogs?
No, you should get when we kind of dog. Would you get
Like
I have,
I have
I've got two cats. The cats. Yeah.
I mean, I love them. I want to pick the cats up and I want to hug the cats and they don't like that. They're like, no,
no hug me and I'm just like, well I love you. I want to hug you. I want to pet your little head and it's just like, no. So the cat actually likes my husband, that's almost like his cat. And so they don't like me that much. But my cat is has a little tail though. I have to see if I can find him to show you because he you know, mostly cats have the long tails. My cat has little little tail and he was born like that. He was just born like that and I haven't seen cats like that. I don't know. So I thought he was special. I was like, he's a special cat. He has no tell and people ask me all the time did you cut his tail? And I was like, no, why would I cut off
my cat still, what kind of barbaric person do you think I am? But yeah, he just got a little little bit detail and so his balance is bad because most of time they use their tail to help them keep their balance when they're walking on high spots and so he falls off and knock stuff over and stuff because he doesn't have a deal. So he's pretty funny. So yeah, I know. We thought about getting a dog, but we just haven't, we just haven't yet. We thought about it. I kind of wanted a um a pug. I thought they were pretty cute. So I thought about a pug. I know. I think you're my cat now, nope. It's one of my kids. High. Hi, you need to go play baby. I'm trying to have a conversation. No, you need to go play and watch your movie please. We'll go talk to daddy. You're playing abc mouse. Okay bye. Sorry that was my little. She's silly so
yes, it never ends. You got to sleep. It's not really sleep but they're pretty good now like they don't really wake me up too much. And what's good now is like in the mornings it's like the weekend. They will they'll just let us sleep for a little while until they get hungry and they're like oh come feed me, I'm hungry you know? So
they cut to wake you up like I want eggs, can I please have eggs and then we have to get up to feed them. So Yeah.
Yeah I've got a friend who lives in texas. I've never met him but I met him online and he lives in texas and he lives I'm trying to think of the town that he lives in. His think it's it's not Waco it might be it's a little town but we've been friends for like I don't know maybe three years but I met him on the computer and he lives he
lives
I met him on a like a like a reform is called Reddit and I
like taking
on there. Yeah like it's R. E. D. D. I.
it's good. I love written um I'm on there all the time though because I like the unsolved mysteries and then I like
um I like the ones like what is an unresolved unresolved mysteries? I like that one. Um And then there's some like you can literally find anything that you want. Unwritten, it's all on there, you just gotta search for it. So if you ever look for you know you know not to talk about nasty things but you can find some really really fun stuff on there if you know where to look. So you can always find something good. I know that there's like um what is it um What is it girls gone wild? I think that is hilarious and like watch all the time. But sometimes and then there's one um
like Chevy Girls gone Wild is on, there was like no don't look, don't do it,
but it's like
they were like
one.
Yeah and like the ones with um like I like because I like to uh crochet with the yarn, so I like to get on the crochet one and look and the makeup, the makeup ones because the girls do a lot of pretty looks and I like to look at their makeup looks that they do with their eyes and I think that's pretty. Um I
like,
I'm so
random. I have a lot of random stuff that I like on there. So do you have a favorite,
right? Oh, that's cool. And what's that one called again? I'm gonna look it up.
See
C. I. F. You?
Okay. We'll look it up.
T.
O. Okay. I got
you. I got you. I will look it up to. I like I know there's one that's just like um like like I forget the anchor name, but it's like today I learned or something and I thought that one sounds kind of
like
it.
Yeah. Yeah. And I like
that one because it's just like, like somebody put one on there, like the big Gatorade bottle. Like when you drink the big like the big one, you're drinking the big Gatorade. If you take the lid, you can put it. It pops onto the bottom and I didn't know that. And I was like what what is this? That my my whole life and this lid is supposed to do that. So I didn't know. So yeah, it's fun to see what other people learn and you know you can learn from their mistakes is a good thing. Yeah. Yeah. So uh so when is your birthday?
Oh also your your birthday is is close, your birthday is closer than my birthday. So if your birthday September, you said September 26. So that means you are a liberal, doesn't it? So
if
you
oh you don't do that, you don't do the astrology physical. The leaders are fun though. I know a lot of people, I
know a lot of people whose birthdays like in september like the late september birthdays. So one of my best friends, her birthday is like hers is very early october so she's still a liberal but she's fun, they're loyal. They're very good, it's good people. Yeah, yeah.
And so um mines in december minds closer to christmas. So, and the only thing is bad about having a birthday that is close to christmas is that everybody thinks like, like not that I'm out here going, give me presents, I want lots of presents, but everybody will give you your christmas presents and they will say it's also it's also
your birthday present.
You get one for both. And so I always mad especially with the people whose birthday is in july or something. They got to, they got one in july and they got one for christmas but I don't, I don't ever get to and I'm just like, why? I mean why do I have no presence? So, so yeah,
sometimes sometimes. So uh huh So are they going to do with the rest of your day when, when our chat is over? Do you have to go to work?
That's nice.
So
what youtube? Yeah, I know.
Yeah. I've got to go to, I'm going to a barbecue and then I'm gonna go swimming. So yeah. Yeah. My, my in LAMAs.
Yeah. It'll be fun. I know the kids are excited. They want to go get in the pool was swimming. So that's fun.
it'll be nice.
Oh, okay. Well, I hope you have a good day. It was nice talking to you.
You have a good day. Take care.