Hello Heard you.
Oh thank you. So here we go. Have you done this before?
Okay all right cool. Um So my name is Ian, how are you doing today?
He's very very very um so I'm as you can see I'm stuck in my garage today. The kids are inside doing a school work so we got like 25 minutes today. Right okay cool. Um So I guess uh might as well make some conversation. Um I'm in I'm in Central Jersey. Um I've been in here pretty much my whole life. I moved to New Jersey when I was 11 actually from Kansas. Um Nobody ever nobody ever believes me when I say that. Uh But I've pretty much been here ever since. Um So I I'm a freelance marketer. Um But I do some digital marketing work for small to medium businesses. Um
And that's pretty much my backstory.
Good.
Good.
No that's all right though. I mean that's a lot of people need help so it's good that there's people to help them. Um Yeah, I'm not that familiar with Ohio. I used to travel to Dayton a couple of times a year for work. Um and I used to fly into Cincinnati occasionally. Um but it was either Dayton or Cincinnati we fall into, so that's the extent of my knowledge of Ohio.
But
yeah. Yeah, I mean, like I said, I grew up in Kansas, so I'm familiar with the midwest. But yeah, so um what else? So uh how are you doing with throughout all this Corona Madness?
No,
no,
you look,
no, you look
great.
I don't
think anything like this. Yeah. I mean, first of all, you look great for 51. I'm 44
so
I think.
Yeah, so we should be thankful for that. Um But uh, I, I agree. I mean, I've never gone through anything even close to this and honestly, I don't think our parents have either. Um
This this is
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So actually, yeah, not that you said that. Maybe maybe I should take that back. My dad is uh my dad was born in 45 so he was kind of around, I mean, I don't think he really remembers like the tail end of World War Two, but it took took a while for everyone to recover from that, so um but but in my lifetime per share,
there's never been anything like this.
But
I do. I do remember
that
It's
true,
but
like
it right, right. I mean we didn't have to like wear masks and like, you know, watch
we were going to be locked down at home, anything like that, but uh try to make the best of it. Um Have you had any close friends or family um contract the virus?
Oh, that was it,
I'm sorry to hear that. Uh
I'm sorry. Um Yeah, thankfully I haven't had anybody that I know directly impacted, you know, I've heard like friends of friends, but that's the extent of the impact on on my uh my relationship circle. But yeah, I mean it's definitely no joke. Um I mean, I haven't seen my parents since uh since it all began. Um We got hit pretty hard in New Jersey. Uh It was around mid March when everything got shut down and they're in a retirement community now are 55 plus community, so they're healthy, but I just I didn't want to risk bringing it into their development, you know? Um so uh it's been rough, but at least, you know, I guess the good thing is we have technology now where we can do things like video chat like this so I can still catch up to them and it's the best we've got, so, so that's what I'm doing. But
yeah, yeah, it does. Uh I can't imagine, you know, being locked down without being able to see my parents and family and friends that would be kind of challenging, so, but yep, so I don't know what else is going on
this.
Uh they're doing well. Um five and eight oldest corn. Yeah, so so they're, they're young. Um the eight year old just had a birthday party this past weekend, so we set up, it was like american ninja warrior like obstacle course for having his friends stuff. I mean we yeah I mean we haven't had a lot of time to prepare because not much else we can do here so
yeah yeah no definitely will have stories to tell. His friends and his older and we can joke about this stuff you know thanksgiving 20 years from now but so just trying to make some good memories that's about it.
Yeah. Um How many kids do you have you mentioned your daughter?
good.
Yeah good good. Uh huh yep. So um I don't know what what the point of this exercise is like, I mean I'm having fun talking to you, that's right, so
it's
it's enjoyable. Um I just don't know if we're supposed to talk about anything or is it just like really talk about anything?
like
just
see
how strangers like strike up conversation. Yeah. Well it's a little
bit
earlier.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. I mean it's a little early otherwise I drive a drink and make it even easier, but yeah, so uh I don't know. Um Let me see, what else do we have here? Uh How long have you been on? Uh where did you sign up for this?
Yeah. Yeah, that's where I did also. Um I've only been on a platform for a couple of months, like I figured now is a good time to like you know extra time, make a little bit of extra money or whatever and so far it's been pretty good. Um This is the first type of like this type of interview that I've done or this type of like video chat. Um Mostly been like you know, quick surveys here and there, but I saw this and I found it pretty interesting. So I'm glad I connected with somebody that's easy to talk to. I was a little bit
worried coming
But
Had
so
hard.
So how do they check that? Like you just like send them pictures of you doing stuff for like what do they do?
wow.
No
way,
So that's like serious
business.
Yeah. That's kind
of
Actually.
No way.
No way.
wow. And this is all through prolific also.
Right. Right. That's that's really cool. Actually. I didn't know
they were doing
it to that level. Yeah. I mean it's stuff that you can use anyways, right? Or stuff that you need
so
you might as well. Yeah, I'm going to have to look into that stuff. That sounds pretty cool.
valued opinion. Alright cool. I'll definitely check that out.
I
mean like
You know
what's
the,
also is that the point where you have to start paying taxes $1000? No,
I didn't
even
know that.
Okay wow, I should probably look into that, although I'm pretty far from it but still it's good to know. Last thing I need is the tax man knocking on my door. So um Yeah. All right, well we're about like 10 minutes in. Um I did see that they say to make sure that we talked for 25 minutes um to make sure that we get paid. Um I see.
you've
never
been up here.
Well
I mean
Right. Right. Um I mean it's weird because like now I mean I used to I used to work in the city so I've I've been there a lot, but I kind of take it for granted because I'm probably half an hour outside of new york city, so having worked there and like easy access to it, I definitely take it for granted and you know, I talked to people that don't get to come here to frequently or have never been here like like yourself, and it's like, it's like you know Central Park, like all these cool things that you can do now, I'm like you know what, I haven't been to the city a long time ever since this all, you know, this is crazy that started and I definitely miss it, um but so there's kind of two ways to look at it right now, like you don't really want to be traveling, but you get to do a lot of the cool tourist things without all the other tourists there either,
so uh so I mean if you can make your way out here it may not be a bad time to come check it out.
Right yep, yep. Yeah
well I
hope,
oh yeah I love the shore, I mean not not necessarily the tv show but I
love going
down
the
shore
as we say down here. But uh yeah it's the shore is a little bit different now to um the shorelines kind of eroding. So every year our tax dollars have to go to like replenish the beaches and make sure that they're still there. You got to put like you know stand back on there and put like bunker is basically underwater so that
that's right so that the water doesn't take away the whole shoreline. Um but it's it's always a good time they had done their um again this summer with Covid and everything, I only went down one. Um So I'm not sure how those businesses are doing because those
Boardwalk
businesses,
like they
I know
yeah, like that they only have four months a year to get people
to go
down there and spend money. Like nobody goes down during the winter. I mean there's people that live down the shore, but you know for those boardwalk businesses like they got it, they got to make money
in the summer, otherwise they're not making money the rest of the year. So
I definitely feel bad for those guys. Um Yeah,
I mean hopefully you can make a trip up here, head to the city and uh hit the shore too. Get some good pizza. I don't know if you like pizza or not, but new york is famous.
First
pizza.
yep.
Yeah there's all sorts of good food, like any kind of food you want, there's a good restaurant like there's a good restaurant of all ethnic cuisines like every corner basically. So
that's
that's another
thing.
Right. Right. That's that's the other thing that I missed. Two. Um But yeah I mean hopefully hopefully you and your kids can make a trek up here. Um
Yeah yeah and uh Run DMC was one of my favorite groups
going up to. So I
yeah yeah I have one of their miniature uh like action figure sets to. One of my friends got it for me for my birthday way back in the day. And uh yeah I used to spend records in the city too so I was uh I was a hip hop DJ spinning mostly like
early
oh yeah you spin records,
Are you just like
hip
hop?
Yeah. Yeah that was when was I spending, It was late nineties, early two thousands.
it got a little bit um little bit hectic living that lifestyle. Um Just
just partying
all night and everything. I mean it was fun but as you get older you can't really keep up where I couldn't keep
up with it anymore
so
I
wouldn't
set foot in one now. Like I would feel so out of place, I'd be
like uh yeah your priorities change and like you know things that you enjoy changed to like I just wouldn't be comfortable in that environment anymore. You know,
not saying that there's anything wrong with it. It's just not for
me at this point in my life. Bye.
I know I know but uh I don't feel that way though. And nor should you
like
you've got a good, yeah you got a good energy about you which is which is really important so.
no.
Well
yeah I mean we owe them a lot right like their hard work and allowed us to be where we are today so.
Right. Right. I would think so. Um then again you know it's uh some people don't take like you know things like covid seriously. So even despite what the science tells you, you know so safely the majority of us are evolving.
I know.
I know. Yeah
I know,
I know it's like you want to be doing that but then you know kind of I guess that voice in the back of your head tells you probably not the best idea but
and that's the worst thing right? Like that's that's not
only is it being selfish but it's like you just you just don't care about your impact on other people. And that's the thing that hurts me the most. Like
you've got to be better
than that. Um Especially for someone like you who helps other people, it's like you care about other people so you want to make sure that you do the right thing to prevent the spread as much as you possibly can. Um But just just it's painful to watch some people with that disregard for other people's lives and safety.
I've only
I've only
run into yeah, go ahead. Sorry, go ahead.
Yeah. I mean,
some
people
just
Right, right. I think some people just don't think about like that at all. Right. Like they're so consumed and what they're doing what they need that they just don't think like, hey, I should probably give give some space here. It's the right thing to do. And then there's the other there's the other people that just don't give a crap at all about others.
It's
like, you know.
Yeah. I mean it's it's sickening watching adults act acting like that, right? Like you expect it from a young kid, but for an adult, like come on, like you see these people in the news, they're like, they're like our age, right? And yet they're acting like three year old kids. You gotta be kidding me. Yeah.
come
on.
people
people
doing their jobs right? These people are making, you know, minimum wage um doing their jobs and you're giving them a hard time. Like that's mm I don't know what to say or do about those people.
it's unfortunate. So, you know, I I don't know where you stand politically but I do feel like this president has divided our country more and more with each passing day. Um
Just
my opinion, you know?
it
I
know
and
well
if
I don't
even
want
to hear
that,
but like but like you get you get the president of the country, like, you know, not condemning white supremacists and you know, this racism as a whole. Where do you think the country is going to go? I mean it's it's really, really bad. Um and I just dropped off my uh my ballot, so New Jersey allows um early voting.
I just dropped off my ballot yesterday. So you know, hopefully that'll make a difference, but it can't continue like this,
you know. Great country.
right? I mean, he's going to get his white power brothers behind him and you know, as his own militia so
that he can stay
in power.
I watched that debate
live and that that one line really pissed me off like to uh was the proud boys like stand back, stand by like when he's
going to issue them commands next. Are you, are you fucking kidding me? Uh huh.
Yeah. And no, that really got to me. Um
all like yeah,
it's
clear
like.
I mean
it's really clear that it was a result of those steroids and the drugs that he was on like all of a sudden angry like. Well I mean he's always been stupid angry but like the stuff that he was saying was just even more over the top. Right?
Yeah. I had I had to get off twitter because I can't like I used to enjoy twitter until
you
know, yeah until all this stuff like more division on his part. And like you see some of the stuff that people post on there, it's like really really huh?
This is how you're going to treat your fellow man or fellow woman. Uh It's really really bad.
No.
You can see my rack, you can see my rack behind me. Like I work at home like I'm not going to know jim. That's that's ridiculous.
I mean even even without this like it's going to gym skis me out just because you get all these random strangers that you don't know touching all the equipment that you use and sweating on it. Who's doing who knows what else. Like it just, I don't need to be, you know, in that type of environment.
I
know.
Well
again it goes back to like just being selfish and not really caring about other people, right? Like we've got to turn that around. You can't can't be a great country if you don't care about your fellow people in the country but uh Yeah. So I don't know um where we at on the time here. Uh huh.
Well
yeah. Yeah it looks like according to this timer we've done it. But
so
yeah it was on the last window it's at the very bottom. It says man says 26 minutes and county. So I think we're good. But Desiree I really enjoyed talking with you today.
So I hope I hope you and your family you know despite a couple early passing like I hope you're no longer impacted this um as little as possible anyway. Um Yeah
thank you. Thank you. Stay safe and have a great day and it was nice talking with you.
All
right, take care