Hi rick.
Good, how are you?
I just tend to move my thing around. My um video is like in the lower corner of my screen. Okay, cool.
Hi,
I'm amy.
Nice
to meet you. Where are you calling from?
Chicago. I'm just thinking Illinois. But yeah, Chicago is all of Illinois to me it's natural, real, but
it's like the city and the rest of the state
kind of
weird. I always think about that like everyone else is the state they're from, but people from Chicago just say Chicago.
Not really. But
How did that go?
No.
wow.
Oh my gosh.
Oh well still it's we have, I live by like michigan in Chicago and I don't know if it even makes the national news. I probably not. Um but the lake has risen like 4 to 5 ft because of all the rainfall we've had in the midwest And the Great Lakes,
you know, collect all of the extra water. So basically every time we have wave action in the lake it creates these like eight 8ft
waves, you know huge waves. So it floods where I live in the front But luckily we have this sand and grass and everything, there's probably about 50 ft before the lake and we watched the water like start to flood our front yard and it's kind of scary because um a
little north of where I live, it's wiped out like houses have had to be abandoned,
you know, they're uninhabitable because of the water so water can be really scary, you know,
flooding is really terrifying.
Still
all your landscaping.
Yeah, I mean it's kind of a funny thing to talk about the weather, but there's so much to talk about with the weather lately. It's
actually,
I mean I am really into urban farming in Chicago and so
I watched the weather like crazy and um
we've had just the perfect amount of rain, you know, for huge vegetables and everything is just growing like crazy here. But
yeah, I mean the temperature swings and the um severity of the weather
in the midwest, it's just really concerning. I mean, hugely.
And then
sometimes I think, you know, maybe it's just my my view on the world, I make more of it climate change
than
it really is. But I mean the science
is laying it out very clearly now, you know, and I I'm a will say I'm a climate change believer. Uh huh.
But
Great.
Yeah,
yeah, I guess that's the bottom line is we're
here on earth in this time period and the that's oceans are warming and things are getting more extreme and I feel the same way you do in the sense that I believe
humans have contributed to climate change, definitely. But when you look at history, geologic history, there have been these great swings in temperature in the past. So is that what's going on to like? I don't know.
Yeah. I mean one thing I've noticed since the covid pandemic and you know, we had an early lockdown in Chicago. It was in mid March and
now things have loosened up quite a bit, maybe too much.
But anyway, during that time, people weren't driving and living in a big city. You know, you get these days where it's like ozone is really bad and there's pollution and it really felt like things were, the air was clear and it felt like, you know, I mean, it just
felt like
that air was cleaner, definitely.
Again.
So are you um you're working from home now because of covid or do you normally work from home?
That's good. I go ahead. I'm sorry, I was just going to say that I
worked from
home previously.
No problem.
No problem. Um
What was I going to say that I work from home before the covid pandemic, so this is really not that different for me, so
yeah, I'm kind of saying to everyone who's working from home, welcome to the other side, yeah, it can be pretty great but it depends on your situation, I mean um like I I live by myself and so I I can get pretty focused with work when I'm working, I'm a graphic designer and definitely have to do a lot of intense computer time, but you know if I had a family, I think that would be a little different, like trying to focus at home obviously
wouldn't be as easy.
That's good. Do you notice um anything different about it as far as productivity and
What?
Right. Find me.
Yeah. That's the main reason why I started working from home. I was sharing
office space with a few other designers And like in the South Loop of Chicago, so it was like a 45 minute commute which isn't really that bad when you're thinking of the city. But I
we had a talk the three of us and decided because one person was retiring that the that's it the other people would try working from home and I
had a big concern
that it would affect my business, you know relationships with my clients. But actually a lot of my clients
started working from home one day a week. or you know, people are having kids so they work a few days a week from home and I just feel
like it's a lot more accepted now um having that brick and mortar design studio isn't really necessary, even though I missed that and I missed having my colleagues sitting in the desk next to me and trashing
ideas around or you know, even for presentations now, a lot of that is online, so I mean really what I do is perfect for for working remotely, and a few years ago I was in a relationship with an italian guy for like eight years and
we would travel back and forth between Chicago and um
where he lived in Italy and then I moved there and it was pretty seamless. I mean I, my work schedule was interesting because I would work kind of During the night in Chicago and then I would toss my projects back to my partner and actually it was like we were open for 24 hours, it was pretty fantastic. But yeah, I I miss um just with Covid, I miss being able to just meet with people and I mean in Chicago were still pretty people here are pretty um I guess the compliant with regard to social distancing and wearing masks and you know we might
have groups in the Urban Ag project, I work with groups of five people but it's I mean very limited and we take temperatures and we I mean it's serious seriously impacting um group dynamics. So I mean yeah but work wise I feel pretty much the same.
Mhm. Probably. I mean
we've
had I helped plan a conference for community gardeners in Chicago and we've been postponing and postponing and postponing it was supposed to happen in March. And finally we've just canceled it for this year. And but there's just not a I can't think of a date when when We could be sure that it would be okay to gather
300 people, you know, I just don't think it's going to happen any time soon.
Yeah. That's what some of the work that I do is with
organizations
that are part of the Hospital association
and Dental Association. That there's a big number of them that are located in Chicago headquartered in Chicago. And it's my a lot of my work spent about helping people reimagine their conferences and put them in a virtual format. So it's um I mean the trickle down effect of what that's doing, you know, having to cancel large events like that for all of the vendors that normally work with. People that put these conferences on, you know, maybe this exhibit and signage company or the, you know, printing and kind of all the people that I come in contact with through my field of work. It's just mind blowing how this has affected everything
for
virtual. Um People are using a variety
of platforms and really, you know, a lot of my clients already had pre existing systems to do webinars and I don't know, they're using things like adobe, connect webex. Not really. People don't really use zoom. You know, I mean they use zoom for meetings but not conference related things. Um
But yeah, it's actually not, you know, it's not
that difficult. People are doing it, so that's cool.
wow. That's interesting.
The air helps break it down.
Ready.
Before I started working on my own, I worked for the aquarium in Chicago like nine years and a lot of my colleagues still work there and it's just been so devastating because a lot of the museums and libraries get, well not necessarily libraries but museums at least here get there revenue from ticket sales. And as state funding was cut just keeps getting cut back. You know, it's all about fundraising
and ticket sales and so you know, they've been layoffs. You can see
that's what it you know, making it safe is the first the first step. It's the most important step. So you.
Yeah. I bet.
No,
it's
we have a I helped start a garden about 10 years ago um with some other people in a neighborhood like on a block with affordable housing. So we grow vegetables with. And for the people that live in the affordable housing. So we don't have an organized C. S. A. Program but we have pick up days, you know people, it's kind of a you pick situation people can come in and take what they want and need. And we get support from the organization that owns the housing, which is like a they're a builder, a small community development nonprofit. So
this season we planted a lot more than we normally do due to the pandemic. And we've been so lucky to have such great weather. It's been hot and rainy and so we've got like more vegetables than we know what to do it,
which
is fantastic.
So
it is, it is and the community seems to really and we have a lot more people that want to volunteer. So we have to schedule people's time in
the garden so we don't have too many people at one time and then we have like, we have a paid program with students that come high school students come And usually we get like 10 at a time. We get two at a time now, you know, so everything's been affected,
but
we're doing our thing you know and it's I think it's provided a space for people to relax and feel safe and get some outdoor time and especially in a big city where it's pretty much, I mean Chicago, I don't know if you've ever been to Chicago, but there are a lot of parks and a lot of trees and it isn't parts of it are very beautiful but some people don't really you know connect with that. And I think having the garden, it's provided something very close for kids to come and hang
out
and pick some tomatoes, you know
what?
Yeah.
It's
rewarding. I mean if I could ditch my design job and be a farmer, I
would do it in a second,
says
a lot of creative people in their mid life.
But
but yeah, I feel, I feel like it's a good balance for me to working on the computers just to go in prune plants grow ceilings so it works.
Yeah, my eyes thank me when I'm away from the screen.
Yeah, I did that a couple of years ago I had the giant monitor. It helps, it helps,
it helps
and but anyway, I don't know like how long we were going to talk,
but I think we can sign off if we would like to.
so
but
thank you and good luck to you with all your in jeffers.
Bye.