mm hmm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you.
Hey, hi there, how are you?
Doing? Well doing?
Yeah, mine too.
Hey,
I'm scott, mm
hmm.
Right, I'm in Virginia. How about yourself?
Well,
Yeah. Right. It's
light.
Mhm. Well makes me, it makes sense, you know?
Well, but I mean if you're from a large city, you tend to say it that way. Right. Yeah. Um Yeah, so this morning we had the remnants of the tropical storm ideas come through. Mm. Um uh
we actually, the center of it missed us probably
by 25 miles or so, so it was a little breezy but it wasn't anything major. Um but tons of rain um Oh my goodness, I've gotta drain, I've kind of lived like there's a hillside and then my property and then it drops down and I've got this a dream that every all of the water from the hillside drops into. We got yesterday evening, it got covered over with debris. Mhm.
And so the water started flooding across the front yard it was a mess and
so I had to run out and unclog that drain but that was the extent of the excitement.
Me.
Stop.
Yeah.
on my way
Oh it no doubt
it is, it is um yeah no it was it was just you know kind of ankle deep flowing past the front of that house but uh
but well what it does it just washes away the mulch and all the you know stuff you have.
exactly and and makes a tremendous mess in the yard so um but uh but yeah no we uh it was amazing, we had a huge drought for the longest time this year. It was unusual. And, And so then in the last like week and a half we've gotten, I don't know, 10" of rain, some some crazy number. So, but hey, we'll take it. Sorry.
there
is.
Fantastic.
Oh,
Important.
Candy,
Well, there's, yeah, it's like everything seems to be extremes now. Right, You
go,
thank
you.
Take money.
that's good. Yeah,
I don't, on my end, I don't, you know, I think it's changing. I'm what I'm not sure of it is it is how much it's cyclical versus how much it's how much we're contributing to it.
Yeah. To me, those are some really, really interesting physics type, you know, like atmospheric science tech questions. Right? But
indeed it's changing.
No.
Hi.
Right. Yeah. So it's one of these things where it's like, you know what the debate I think is anymore, it's kind of like calming down a bit at the same time. It's if we can do something that can help it, why not? That it's you know, it's one of those like, you know, you're not gonna like cut your finger off just because you can so don't do that. Yeah, silly. But you know um well sometimes common sense can rule and make things easier for everybody.
Here.
Absolutely.
What
happened?
Oh no doubt.
Absolutely no doubt the yeah there were pictures from, I don't know where it was India or or somewhere that you know, they showed before and after. You know the pandemic and how um how much the air cleared, you know? It was pretty fascinating. Oh
Um Only used to do Fridays from home and uh but yeah, now it's every day and so um uh it's actually working out amazingly well.
but
I'm
on a call. Uh huh. Excuse Me 1 2nd.
Just a quick, just a quick thing. I know. Mhm. All right.
No.
Well that's great.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I can be a little challenging. Um Sometimes um Yeah, no um The uh the day, let's say, I don't know whatever the Monday middle of March was, the 13th or so. Um we were doing an exercise to do assess our ability to tell where 100% of the time in the event of some emergency or disaster. And um and we did we just kept going. We we did it that monday and on Tuesday we said everybody stay home, keep, keep going. And it's been that way ever since. Uh
Yeah. I've been we've been really paying trying to pay attention to that and You know, at a minimum where at least 95 productive, Right? Um I would actually think it's it's beyond the productivity that you'd have in the office anyways. Uh My estimates are higher. I think I'm the ceo of the organization, so it uh I have a different view of it, right? And um what I will say that, you know, zoom fatigue or videoconferencing fatigue is definitely a thing. Um You know, I uh um Gosh, I don't know. Last week I was having like 10-12 video calls a day. Um
Different groups, different issues, different topics, whatever you name it. And, and you just had to be able to like, you know, how you just manage yourself needs to, needed to change where it was okay to click off and just be not on video for a while, you know, because it's like, okay, grief, you know, you feel like you're just having to be on more.
Uh and so it makes it kind of tough. Um and like for me and the way it was in the office, it was um there's people you need to see, you know, you just can run into them and and and make things work right on your way to the next meeting, doesn't, you know, makes it efficient. Um Now I'm scheduling meetings to do that, right? And so that makes it a little more challenging, you know, especially when my calendar is so crazy packed. So um but anyways, that's, I'm I only worked telework to one other time for an extended period of time, it was six months. Um and it was when I was building this house, um I was my own general contractor and so uh the intent was to build it and then move to California uh just because the opportunity presented itself and instead what happened, we we built it finished, it kept it still moved to SAN to SAN Diego, and after a few years came back and continued living in the house, so um uh but that's six months that I was teleworking before, it was like the most productive time I've ever had and and now I'm getting, you know, that back again and it's, I'm enjoying it from, from that perspective, plus it's totally killing my commute, which, You know, you know, I would do an hour 20 each way,
serious.
I am,
Wait,
next
I am
Here
Texas
True.
Yeah.
Three
Yeah, exactly. There's a huge discussion about, you know, the amount of of actually uh productivity that you're going to kill when you get back to the office simply because of all the different protocol you have to follow. Uh Right, and so, you know, if you're spending your time cleaning and you're spending your time, you know, why are you going to go in to meet with somebody while you're wearing a mask or videoconference from in the office? I mean, it doesn't make sense. And so um yeah, we're right now, we're pretty set that through the end of september, we're in this same stance, my suspicions, it'll be through the end of the year.
Come
on.
being here,
Exactly. Um yeah, I was out in phoenix in february, late february and yeah, and it was, you know, it was happening in the country, but, you know, the pandemic, but it wasn't full full on and, you know, there were precautions, but it wasn't, you know, a lot of hands hand sanitizer around, but other than that, it was just normal Um 500 800 people there, I forget how many, and um yeah, thinking about uh having that happened a month later would have been just a nightmare. Okay. You know, and so yeah I don't it's really difficult to think about when the larger conferences were kicked back up.
Thank
you.
Listen.
Yeah exactly. Um What kind of technology are you guys looking to use?
Yeah. Oh for making those things virtual?
huh.
that makes sense.
Sorry?
exactly. Now we did a 3000 person webinar where we brought the C. D. C. And to talk. So I'm I'm involved in um I used to do federal law enforcement but I'm now involved with the uh Institute of Museum and Library services that that basically support um uh and fund through grant making. Uh more than 100 know how We distributed you know a couple $100 million dollars a year in grants. Um And so it's the museum and library communities that were working to support. And so we did a C. D. C. Seminar webinar with 3000 people and they just didn't answer the questions well uh the C. D. C. You know gave answers but back in March they that was what they knew and um so it's really been interesting. So on top of everything I do um we have taken on a project that we're actually testing live virus on materials common to those two main major organizations.
Yeah so we've got a lab in Ohio that's doing this work and um you know we're seeing um like if a common practice when you take something back to a library is just you put them in a band and they stack them up. Right well the virus, if it's on the surface of that book and that book is stacked right? Um the ambient air in a in a standard place, it'll it'll live for three days. Um But if it's not stacked, it'll live for one day, Right? Um
Exactly. If it's got a plastic cover on it and it's stacked, it might live for five. Yeah.
And so, you know, we're trying to put out as much guidance as we can uh to help with uh you know, these organizations reopening or operating in such a such an environment, so it's pretty fascinating.
You don't
it's
and a lot. Well, thanks. Um We you know, we've got uh you know, we've done three right full rounds tests so far, we've got uh I think seven more to go, they're insanely expensive to do,
but but yeah, so you know, you try to help as best you can. Um So tell me about the gardening um like it's a whole organization doing it, but I mean like do you have a rooftop thing going on or is it like community
plots
across the?
What?
Well
that's
it, that's it. Yeah, it's
a great problem to have.
All
but
the integrated.
thank
you.
right. Well no, I mean it's a different type of part of
life, right, that if you're simply an urban dweller that you're not going to have. Excuse me. So yeah,
well that's really a phenomenal thing you got going on um you
know.
Well,
so there
you go.
That's right,
that's right. Uh
No, that's that's excellent. Yeah. You gotta have the balance um you know, being inside all the time and I'm in front of a screen only last so long.
Yeah, exactly. I even had to get a large monitor too to just be able to deal with um the eye fatigue.
Absolutely,
absolutely,
I think.
Yeah, I think so. We're think 25 minutes 26 in. So I think we're good. Um So
pleasure
talking with you, so enjoy the gardening and and stay safe up there.
Thank you. Yeah.