SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. With these people? Okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: it was a gun
SPEAKER_R: not bad. You
SPEAKER_L: doing all right.
SPEAKER_R: Right on, I'm Jason
SPEAKER_L: Evan? Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: you too, I'll start a timer real quick.
SPEAKER_L: Sweet, thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've done a couple, have you?
SPEAKER_R: Me too? Yeah, I've done a couple as well. Um just pretty recently, chilled.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's kind of fun. Honestly, just give me a break. Meet new people.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, are you are you stuck inside a lot right now with covid and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just working in my room all day every day, which I guess I'm luckily I can, but it's
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard to focus
SPEAKER_R: I am,
SPEAKER_L: sometimes
SPEAKER_R: I'm totally with you, I've been working from home, you know, since March and
SPEAKER_L: saying. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and no uh going back any time soon, so okay, I'm just tired of being inside as much as anything, making up excuses to get out and go places, looks like we we lost your camera or I lost your camera, kenya, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: sit on my screen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Mine, mine's coming through fine.
SPEAKER_L: Here's this. Fine. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if it, I don't know if it matters that the screen is on, so whatever,
SPEAKER_L: No, Well, I won't make any gestures. Um
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Cool. So where are
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you, where you look at
SPEAKER_R: I'm in
SPEAKER_L: now?
SPEAKER_R: uh I'm in sacramento California, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm in a
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: santa barbara.
SPEAKER_R: okay, we're
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: the same
SPEAKER_L: where?
SPEAKER_R: time zone at least,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you know where Jackson is? It's like a small town, like our drugs. That's where I'm from actually. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, serious, I'm actually in Rancho Cordova, so I'm I'm you know actually kind of closer that way, but yeah, there you are, I can see you now. Um Yeah and then uh Rancho Cordova been here for a while, I grew up like up towards Placerville, so that's kind of where where I grew up was up that way a little bit more so um Yeah yeah I've been the track some money expense. My uh my sister's husband is from Jackson were close to their I guess so go
SPEAKER_L: What's their name? Because it's a small enough town where I might know them.
SPEAKER_R: it is, his name is Ricky Pekka. Yeah, okay, so now
SPEAKER_L: Mm So, no.
SPEAKER_R: he's probably Probably late 30s, so I even know how it is, I just know how old my sister is, his fairly for these, so yeah, so what do you do
SPEAKER_L: So right now I'm a graduate student at UC santa Barbara. So
SPEAKER_R: got to choose
SPEAKER_L: yeah and then the psychology program here. Uh
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: huh. Uh But yeah so normally I uh test participants in the lab on studies but we haven't been able to do that for the past six months. I'm just trying to analyze old data and try to figure it out but I don't know if that's all right.
SPEAKER_R: is it, I mean it's my my daughter goes to BYU and she's just she went there this semester thinking oh I'm gonna be in class and stuff and she's totally she's she's online the whole time, she might as well have stayed home and from here, but this is crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it's all online here too and then I have to like ta classes so I have a green screen in the background because we use zoom so I can kind of hide my room a little bit but but it's just a challenge of like trying to get everyone to like communicate with each other to zoom and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's hard enough like group stuff, especially in person and when you can all meet some like I've I've actually I've been working for 20 years or so as a software remember? So um but completely self taught and I've kind of run out of opportunities for advancement um because of the lack of the degree, so I've been going to school for a while and almost have my Bachelor, so It's funny because I'm not learning a time, you know what I'm saying? I mean
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it's like I've been doing this job for 20 years, I'm not gonna learn in time, but they want a degree for anything management and above someone, okay, I guess I'll do it and they're paying for it. So whatever I've
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: been.
SPEAKER_L: guess it's not as bad
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I go through champlain College which is in Vermont which is weird, but we have, I worked for a place called the Other track and dealer dot com is one of the companies that we own and they're in Vermont right next door to this place, so we get tuition for 50% off and then they offer do tuition reimbursement, it's costing me nothing, which is great. But
SPEAKER_L: annoying I guess some time
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: commitment.
SPEAKER_R: annoying. It just kind of feels like busywork, you know how you've taken classes before where you're like, I know how to do this, like this is so irritating, so I end up doing a lot of busy word. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's like probably the equivalent of taking an english, like how to speak english type class, like glass.
SPEAKER_R: right. You know it's funny because some of the classes that have, I'm not saying I struggled with, but like I had to take calculus And I hadn't taken algebra since 1993, like just remember, you know, and it's I'm a software developer, so sometimes we end up with math stuff, but it's not like I've been practicing algebra, so just getting back to that point where I could like take calculus, it was painful, I still got a fairly good grade but it's already all gone. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. Yeah. Just a waste
SPEAKER_R: so I've
SPEAKER_L: of time.
SPEAKER_R: had to do stuff like that and sociology and and economics and stuff that I really haven't done. So some of that stuff I've learned about a lot of it's just just busy work even then because I'm like man I don't even care to retain some of this,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: know. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: too bad.
SPEAKER_R: it's like so are you going for a doctor's doctor it or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in a
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: PhD
SPEAKER_R: the ultimate goal,
SPEAKER_L: program um ultimately I would want to do a research professor, a study like memory and decision making, so I want to do that. But then also be a professor. I just think it be cool, right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah
SPEAKER_L: Super competitive. So it's like a long road. But I don't know, I enjoy it. I enjoy being in grad school, so.
SPEAKER_R: you said it's psychology. Okay
SPEAKER_L: program.
SPEAKER_R: Psychology. My my sister has a masters in industrial psychology um
SPEAKER_L: Industrial
SPEAKER_R: which
SPEAKER_L: psychology.
SPEAKER_R: I still don't even know what that means but it's like I don't know the psychology of entire organizations or something right?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: She's like yeah this is my degree and I'm like I don't know what that is or what it means but cool for you, super stuff for you and then she's like working for a state and some position that is rather unrelated to what her degrees and stuff whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's almost, yeah, the degree is just like a formality type of thing. It's like,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Right. I think it's great to get a PhD though, I mean that that's a lot different than this. She it's funny because she's like yeah I'm getting a masters and I'm like what is that going to do for you? It's not like you can go I don't know. So yeah have one on ones with people or anything, you know, It's really weird. So one of those, well if you're gonna do it keep on going, but I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm like
SPEAKER_R: sure it's painful.
SPEAKER_L: I'm 30 and I'm like still in schools. It's like
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, it took her till she was I think 28 get her masters and then she talked about whatever, but it took you a long time to get to this point. So yeah, I tell you though, you're gonna be stuck to have it because going I'm 45 now and going to school when you're 45, you're like this is super
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: late. So so good on you for that. Um
SPEAKER_L: Boots.
SPEAKER_R: My my daughter is in her sophomore year. Yeah. Good people and going just get it done because man, it sucks. Yeah, someone schooling is like meat, you're learning stuff, but it's Hennig feels like you're waiting to start likes a little bit, you know what I'm saying? I'm sure,
SPEAKER_L: exactly.
SPEAKER_R: you know? So do you end up using prolific for some of your studies then?
SPEAKER_L: So kind of funny. We are because we're trying to transition the online studies because normally would have people come in the lab and so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I've actually been testing it out, so I just heard about prolific and so I've been trying it out as a participant and so
SPEAKER_R: Honey.
SPEAKER_L: um but it's like after I'm like learning javascript right now because like to get a study working in a web browser, um
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: it's like we need it. So I've just been trying to learn that as much as possible with the hope that I can get studies up and running. But see when I figured that out, I can maybe run them through prolific. So if you ever see a
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: a memory task might be me, but
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: probably probably a month or two away from like perfecting it. But yeah, I mean that's the only way we can get data now is just have people conducted
SPEAKER_R: Isn't
SPEAKER_L: online
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: and I have no experience
SPEAKER_R: I'd imagine
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: hard, it's hard to create a survey. The participant isn't like guessing what they want you to see you. You know what I'm saying? Just like trying to keep out bias. I'm sure it's difficult because sometimes I'm like, I'm pretty sure this is what they're handing out and I try to like answer just like truthful, honest, you know, as I can, but sometimes you can like tell what people are we're checking, which almost makes you think about it. Which is, I'm sure not the intentional.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and like a lot of what we do is like it's just like a bunch of recognition memory tests and we'll just show you know study a bunch of like face images and then we touched your memory on it. Um so that's what's making it more challenging if it was just survey I think I'd be able to get it up and running. But I'm trying to see because I've seen a couple of times. I don't know if you've done a lot of studies but there are a couple
SPEAKER_R: I have.
SPEAKER_L: where it's like an actual task. So I'm trying to make it like a 30 minute memory task. Um But but uh it's been a learning curve to learn javascript.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Well, I'm a software developer and begin in child's script sometimes. This is stupid.
SPEAKER_L: It is
SPEAKER_R: Well annoyed with him. I usually write what's called C. Sharp and I've written a lot of languages but that's what I normally write in. So I get in any other language of, I'm a little annoyed but I was scripted definitely annoying so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: but slowly getting there. But then yeah, so the way I try to, so usually what we do is like in our studies is like their payment is based on their performance. So you know, you get so much money for a correct response. And so that kind of forces people to try harder because it's like you only get paid based on like your performance. Uh
SPEAKER_R: You know it's funny, I read something recently about a study and it was kind of actually related to industrial psychology. There was a they were investigating how much like a bonus payment affected the performance of employees. And it was like if the person was doing repetitive tasks where it's just like kind of just doing the same thing over and over, not a lot of thought involved, a bonus could make it so that they went faster. You could cause those employees to work harder and faster based on that bonus scheme. If there was something like what I do like computer programming or something like that, that's not, not just the same task over and over. If they have this moments payment, you do this in a certain amount of time. It actually caused them to slow down because the anxiety of having this bonus if they did it fast enough caused them to to it affected their performance negative. It's pretty interesting. I actually think it might have been a talk. It was it was super interesting just to see that you know there is uh that bonus will help in some situations but it'll actually harm you in other situations where it may create this anxiety that they get worse. Anyway, that was that was interesting stent.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've never heard of doing that because I know it's like, you know, it's like usually with like even like relatively small bonuses, people like put in a lot of effort. But I think that like you said there's these repetitive tasks. But yeah, I didn't never thought
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: they said
SPEAKER_L: it like this.
SPEAKER_R: they said if like, you know, you could do this task of it, you've got a chance to do it this difficult thing. And if they made the bonus larger created warnings like, you know what I'm saying? Because now there's like more on the line. It's really funny because you think, oh yeah, okay, I'm gonna work harder. But it's like that's almost taking a trip to their brain power just to think about that thing that they could possibly have and takes it away from what they're doing. It's really
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So it's like really, it's like literally small bonuses specifically for repetitive tasks is like
SPEAKER_R: mm Right. Yeah. Anyway, it's really I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: it's funny, it's something that, you know, I don't think about how brains work very often because I'm just thinking about how computers work. So I'm going to ask you, it's funny
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: that you talk about memory. My uh my wife was always complaining her memory for let's say she plays the piano really well and and the guitar rather well when she learns a song, like if she takes some time to learn a song and then doesn't play it for a couple months, it's almost completely gonder. She will not remember how like there's no like that automatic muscle memory like I I I'm a crappy guitar player but I can retain muscle memory of how to say that it's gone for. It's really funny because it drives are crazy. But she'll have to she'll have to keep on learning the same song if she wants to play it without the music. She's really good sight readers. Like she could have music there just like anything. My son, my oldest son Is just turned 21. He'll hear like a song once and remember all of the lyrics to that song. It is weird. It'll be like old led Zeppelin songs that I've been hearing for decades. You'll hear them like once or twice. I know the lyrics bedroom like how the heck in hill retain them for forever. So I don't get that kid is crazy. He's not used, he's working at Home Depot. It's not using it for good in any way. Maybe knowing what I'll things are on. But that memory is just weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What a lot of what I study to are these individual differences because a lot of classical psychology studies, it's like a group of participants and take the average, but like you're saying it's like, you know, everyone has these different abilities that seem to be consistent
SPEAKER_R: Only
SPEAKER_L: and so I'm trying to like classify people like based on like no different strategy and it's not necessarily memory but decision strategies. Because you know, there's a situation like say like eyewitness testimony where No, like in the early 90s there was like this thing of like these false memories, like people are accusing of these individuals of crimes, they didn't commit it. But like oftentimes like the way we think about memories, it's not like an all or nothing thing, it's sort of vague and it's like you have like a degree of certainty to it. And so it's like what really seems to be the problem is not that these people have memory problems per se or that false memories. It's just they have a weaker memory and they're just not being careful with their judgment in that situation. You know, it's like you know maybe if it's an initial police report and they're just like give us all details, you know we're just going to question these individuals. It's not a big deal but you know but one during the courtroom it's like you gotta be you gotta make sure you like that memory is strong. And so I'm kind of studying the interaction between how people make decisions based off those uncertain memories. Um But it's like it's crazy, people are all over the place, there's some people who are really good at adapting their decision strategies, the situations and others who are just like so reliant on their memory. Um
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: But but yeah, but what I've noticed is it's just like everyone's different, you know? And it's like trying to categories memory as like, oh people are good or bad. It's like like you said it's like, you know, memory for songs is like really good for your son. But you know,
SPEAKER_R: price.
SPEAKER_L: But but you know, he's probably bad at remembering other types of things or something. Maybe saturday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can't remember to like, you know, because medicine every morning or taking these out of the car or stuff like that. I'm like what? So some people seem to be really good numbers like remembering any member like the oh number from when they look forward and then you know, just those things come naturalists. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it's weird. It's a lot but it's job
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: security for me.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I actually took a prolific survey that had me watch a video by coming into an office stealing keys, going out, starting the card stealing it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: And and later in that survey they asked me to identify him out of like a lineup. And
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: it was actually, it kind of took you through him walking along him and doing this and ask you what he was wearing. You know, a lot of stuff that it wasn't obvious like what color and pipe was the car. So some of the stuff I, you know, you went into a kind of knowing that it was going to be a memory thing. So you're thinking that some of it like the color of the car. I was like, man, I have no idea what color it was. It's really strange when you think if you were in that situation, you know, I know what cars are and colors and everything. I still just didn't, it went right out. I had no idea what. Um, but actually when they clip growing up, I 100% didn't know if he was in that there was one kind of that I kind of thought looked like him, but I absolutely couldn't take another one, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: you go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's yeah, that's probably similar. I don't know if you did that step but that's kind of similar to what I do. It's like, you know, it's like it seems, you know, it's like here in the moment, right? Everything's so vivid and it's like, oh it's obvious but then it's like member, you tend to remember the gist of things, but like remember all those details, you know, series. It's like, you know, that takes up too, you know, in terms of like data, you know, like computer data, it's like taking too much storage in the brain. So it's like your brain forgets most of the details and it's easier for you to just kind of reconstruct, you know, a memory from remember the gist of it. But they add the element, you know, had the algorithms to make it a clear mental image. So But but yeah, but oftentimes you lose most of the details of experience even when it seems like it's obvious that you'll remember it. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's that's that's really cool what you're working with. I dig it. It's I mean memory in itself just doesn't even make sense to you. You know, like how how does your brain even, you know, I know exactly how a computer stores things, you know what I'm saying? It makes sense to me because there's like a physical representation of it on this disc, even though I can't see it brains. I'm like, man, I have and and I've been through biology classes and stuff, but it's still just seems like magic, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, honestly just psychology in general, there's just so much that's unknown about the parade. So it's like even as a memory researcher, I don't know if I'd necessarily know much better than you. You know, we know some of these networks, but ultimately it's like the question is like, where exactly is the memory stored? Is it like an individual neural cells? Is it how they're connected? Like, you know, the theory is, it's like there's got to be some kind of like a regular computer swords. It's got to be some capacity limit. Otherwise we could just remember every experience we had in perfect detail, but you know, that's probably gonna take up storage and it's probably not enough space, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or you know, it's it's the same with like animals being born with institutes, like they didn't look how the heck is that? Where is that instinct being stored? You know, that has to be there somewhere to where they have that desire to do this thing when certain things happen like, I don't know, it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's fascinating. That's why I've been pursuing this. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's uh that's cool. I went back, I was the weather in santa barbara, pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been pretty nice. It's like 70's now. It's been foggy the past couple of days. But I mean Santa Barbara is nice because it's like, I mean it never gets too hot. like honestly, I don't even think it reaches 90° most days in summer. And then in the winter it's like Maybe the lowest against, it's like 40 or 50 during the day. So it's like it's always like pretty good weather. So.
SPEAKER_R: kind of like san Diego then.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. So I kinda
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I kinda like it in so cal better than uh did a north al of it. But. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I hate the heat. I can't stand, you
SPEAKER_L: because I know you.
SPEAKER_R: know how it wasn't Jackson mostly?
SPEAKER_L: summer was brutal this time I heard too.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, uh and I mean, I don't know how it was there being on the coast. The smoke was so bad here that you just didn't want to leave that, I mean, it was already you're dealing with Covid, so you're not leaving the house right off anyway now, you're not even wanting to like step out your front door, it was horrible. You
SPEAKER_L: it was,
SPEAKER_R: could like taste smoke.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. My mom, because she still lives in Jackson was sending me pictures and was like, man, I mean it was smokey but it wasn't that bad like for us it was like higher up in the air so you smelled it a little bit but it wasn't that bad. Like we could still go outside, but yeah, but that was brutal.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, I've been, I've been craving going to the oceans because it's, you know, you know, let me go to the ocean, it's just not like going anywhere else.
SPEAKER_L: Hell
SPEAKER_R: This feels so, feels so good and clean and everything, so you need to make it still devotion soon. I don't think we've been this entire summer. We haven't been a whole lot of anyone. So um we actually went to Yellowstone this year. My dad lives close to Yellowstone Wyoming and the crazy thing is right before we have, there was a fire in Idaho, so his area, the Grand Tetons
SPEAKER_L: screams,
SPEAKER_R: and all of us to smoke. I'm like, are you kidding me?
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: awful.
SPEAKER_R: I came home to smoke here. It was uh so,
SPEAKER_L: That's brutal.
SPEAKER_R: yep, I don't know, have you been to Yellowstone before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I did one time I drove up there with my friend um that was uh I was like five or 6 years ago I think and
SPEAKER_R: Like when you can, if you come came out of Jackson, you like go north and all of a sudden you see the Tetons right there like, oh my goodness, you kind of come around the corner there there when we came around that corner and it was just like smoke, you couldn't even see
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: the Tetons, I was like,
SPEAKER_L: that's the
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: worst.
SPEAKER_R: you kidding me? This is like my favorite place on earth and I can't see the mountain at all. I mean it was just covered so
SPEAKER_L: that sucks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: Damn
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: all these fires I even heard like smoke like you could see it in Ohio from California at one point like it was just travelling across the US.
SPEAKER_R: So ridiculous. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Hopefully
SPEAKER_R: Well, um
SPEAKER_L: it calms
SPEAKER_R: it looks like
SPEAKER_L: down
SPEAKER_R: We're at 25.5 minutes, so it looks like we're good to go.
SPEAKER_L: sweet.
SPEAKER_R: So awesome, quick and easy. Thank you. I'm
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: fun to talk.
SPEAKER_R: afraid that I'm gonna be matched up with someone that I'm like, I have nothing to talk about with this guy and I can't stand it, but it's always
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: been great, so
SPEAKER_L: same. I enjoy these but great meeting with you. Good luck with the
SPEAKER_R: You too?
SPEAKER_L: bachelor's degree. That's annoying. But
SPEAKER_R: Already have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: but.