Hey,
not bad. You
Right on, I'm Jason
you too, I'll start a timer real quick.
Have you done this before?
Me too? Yeah, I've done a couple as well. Um just pretty recently, chilled.
yeah, are you are you stuck inside a lot right now with covid and stuff?
Thank
you.
I am,
I'm totally with you, I've been working from home, you know, since March and
and no uh going back any time soon, so okay, I'm just tired of being inside as much as anything, making up excuses to get out and go places, looks like we we lost your camera or I lost your camera, kenya, I don't know.
Mhm.
Mine, mine's coming through fine.
I don't know if it, I don't know if it matters that the screen is on, so whatever,
Um
So
I'm in
uh I'm in sacramento California, yeah,
so
okay, we're
in
the same
time zone at least,
Oh, serious, I'm actually in Rancho Cordova, so I'm I'm you know actually kind of closer that way, but yeah, there you are, I can see you now. Um Yeah and then uh Rancho Cordova been here for a while, I grew up like up towards Placerville, so that's kind of where where I grew up was up that way a little bit more so um Yeah yeah I've been the track some money expense. My uh my sister's husband is from Jackson were close to their I guess so go
it is, his name is Ricky Pekka. Yeah, okay, so now
he's probably Probably late 30s, so I even know how it is, I just know how old my sister is, his fairly for these, so yeah, so what do you do
got to choose
on.
is it, I mean it's my my daughter goes to BYU and she's just she went there this semester thinking oh I'm gonna be in class and stuff and she's totally she's she's online the whole time, she might as well have stayed home and from here, but this is crazy.
Yeah. It's hard enough like group stuff, especially in person and when you can all meet some like I've I've actually I've been working for 20 years or so as a software remember? So um but completely self taught and I've kind of run out of opportunities for advancement um because of the lack of the degree, so I've been going to school for a while and almost have my Bachelor, so It's funny because I'm not learning a time, you know what I'm saying? I mean
it's like I've been doing this job for 20 years, I'm not gonna learn in time, but they want a degree for anything management and above someone, okay, I guess I'll do it and they're paying for it. So whatever I've
been.
Yeah, but I go through champlain College which is in Vermont which is weird, but we have, I worked for a place called the Other track and dealer dot com is one of the companies that we own and they're in Vermont right next door to this place, so we get tuition for 50% off and then they offer do tuition reimbursement, it's costing me nothing, which is great. But
So
annoying. It just kind of feels like busywork, you know how you've taken classes before where you're like, I know how to do this, like this is so irritating, so I end up doing a lot of busy word. Yeah.
right. You know it's funny because some of the classes that have, I'm not saying I struggled with, but like I had to take calculus And I hadn't taken algebra since 1993, like just remember, you know, and it's I'm a software developer, so sometimes we end up with math stuff, but it's not like I've been practicing algebra, so just getting back to that point where I could like take calculus, it was painful, I still got a fairly good grade but it's already all gone. So
so I've
had to do stuff like that and sociology and and economics and stuff that I really haven't done. So some of that stuff I've learned about a lot of it's just just busy work even then because I'm like man I don't even care to retain some of this,
so
so
it's like so are you going for a doctor's doctor it or
that's
the ultimate goal,
Oh yeah
you said it's psychology. Okay
Psychology. My my sister has a masters in industrial psychology um
which
I still don't even know what that means but it's like I don't know the psychology of entire organizations or something right?
She's like yeah this is my degree and I'm like I don't know what that is or what it means but cool for you, super stuff for you and then she's like working for a state and some position that is rather unrelated to what her degrees and stuff whatever.
Okay. Right. I think it's great to get a PhD though, I mean that that's a lot different than this. She it's funny because she's like yeah I'm getting a masters and I'm like what is that going to do for you? It's not like you can go I don't know. So yeah have one on ones with people or anything, you know, It's really weird. So one of those, well if you're gonna do it keep on going, but I'm
sure it's painful.
Oh yeah, no, it took her till she was I think 28 get her masters and then she talked about whatever, but it took you a long time to get to this point. So yeah, I tell you though, you're gonna be stuck to have it because going I'm 45 now and going to school when you're 45, you're like this is super
late. So so good on you for that. Um
My my daughter is in her sophomore year. Yeah. Good people and going just get it done because man, it sucks. Yeah, someone schooling is like meat, you're learning stuff, but it's Hennig feels like you're waiting to start likes a little bit, you know what I'm saying? I'm sure,
you know? So do you end up using prolific for some of your studies then?
huh.
Honey.
because
Oh, that's cool.
That's awesome.
Isn't
it?
I'd imagine
it's
hard, it's hard to create a survey. The participant isn't like guessing what they want you to see you. You know what I'm saying? Just like trying to keep out bias. I'm sure it's difficult because sometimes I'm like, I'm pretty sure this is what they're handing out and I try to like answer just like truthful, honest, you know, as I can, but sometimes you can like tell what people are we're checking, which almost makes you think about it. Which is, I'm sure not the intentional.
I have.
Oh yeah. Well, I'm a software developer and begin in child's script sometimes. This is stupid.
Well annoyed with him. I usually write what's called C. Sharp and I've written a lot of languages but that's what I normally write in. So I get in any other language of, I'm a little annoyed but I was scripted definitely annoying so. Mhm.
You know it's funny, I read something recently about a study and it was kind of actually related to industrial psychology. There was a they were investigating how much like a bonus payment affected the performance of employees. And it was like if the person was doing repetitive tasks where it's just like kind of just doing the same thing over and over, not a lot of thought involved, a bonus could make it so that they went faster. You could cause those employees to work harder and faster based on that bonus scheme. If there was something like what I do like computer programming or something like that, that's not, not just the same task over and over. If they have this moments payment, you do this in a certain amount of time. It actually caused them to slow down because the anxiety of having this bonus if they did it fast enough caused them to to it affected their performance negative. It's pretty interesting. I actually think it might have been a talk. It was it was super interesting just to see that you know there is uh that bonus will help in some situations but it'll actually harm you in other situations where it may create this anxiety that they get worse. Anyway, that was that was interesting stent.
And
they said
they said if like, you know, you could do this task of it, you've got a chance to do it this difficult thing. And if they made the bonus larger created warnings like, you know what I'm saying? Because now there's like more on the line. It's really funny because you think, oh yeah, okay, I'm gonna work harder. But it's like that's almost taking a trip to their brain power just to think about that thing that they could possibly have and takes it away from what they're doing. It's really
mm Right. Yeah. Anyway, it's really I don't know,
it's funny, it's something that, you know, I don't think about how brains work very often because I'm just thinking about how computers work. So I'm going to ask you, it's funny
that you talk about memory. My uh my wife was always complaining her memory for let's say she plays the piano really well and and the guitar rather well when she learns a song, like if she takes some time to learn a song and then doesn't play it for a couple months, it's almost completely gonder. She will not remember how like there's no like that automatic muscle memory like I I I'm a crappy guitar player but I can retain muscle memory of how to say that it's gone for. It's really funny because it drives are crazy. But she'll have to she'll have to keep on learning the same song if she wants to play it without the music. She's really good sight readers. Like she could have music there just like anything. My son, my oldest son Is just turned 21. He'll hear like a song once and remember all of the lyrics to that song. It is weird. It'll be like old led Zeppelin songs that I've been hearing for decades. You'll hear them like once or twice. I know the lyrics bedroom like how the heck in hill retain them for forever. So I don't get that kid is crazy. He's not used, he's working at Home Depot. It's not using it for good in any way. Maybe knowing what I'll things are on. But that memory is just weird.
Only
Where?
price.
Yeah, I can't remember to like, you know, because medicine every morning or taking these out of the car or stuff like that. I'm like what? So some people seem to be really good numbers like remembering any member like the oh number from when they look forward and then you know, just those things come naturalists. It's crazy.
I
yeah, I actually took a prolific survey that had me watch a video by coming into an office stealing keys, going out, starting the card stealing it.
And and later in that survey they asked me to identify him out of like a lineup. And
it was actually, it kind of took you through him walking along him and doing this and ask you what he was wearing. You know, a lot of stuff that it wasn't obvious like what color and pipe was the car. So some of the stuff I, you know, you went into a kind of knowing that it was going to be a memory thing. So you're thinking that some of it like the color of the car. I was like, man, I have no idea what color it was. It's really strange when you think if you were in that situation, you know, I know what cars are and colors and everything. I still just didn't, it went right out. I had no idea what. Um, but actually when they clip growing up, I 100% didn't know if he was in that there was one kind of that I kind of thought looked like him, but I absolutely couldn't take another one, so
there
you go.
Uh That's that's that's really cool what you're working with. I dig it. It's I mean memory in itself just doesn't even make sense to you. You know, like how how does your brain even, you know, I know exactly how a computer stores things, you know what I'm saying? It makes sense to me because there's like a physical representation of it on this disc, even though I can't see it brains. I'm like, man, I have and and I've been through biology classes and stuff, but it's still just seems like magic, you know?
Yeah. Or you know, it's it's the same with like animals being born with institutes, like they didn't look how the heck is that? Where is that instinct being stored? You know, that has to be there somewhere to where they have that desire to do this thing when certain things happen like, I don't know, it's crazy.
Yeah, that's that's uh that's cool. I went back, I was the weather in santa barbara, pretty nice.
kind of like san Diego then.
that's awesome.
I hate the heat. I can't stand, you
know how it wasn't Jackson mostly?
Oh, uh and I mean, I don't know how it was there being on the coast. The smoke was so bad here that you just didn't want to leave that, I mean, it was already you're dealing with Covid, so you're not leaving the house right off anyway now, you're not even wanting to like step out your front door, it was horrible. You
could like taste smoke.
wow. Yeah, I've been, I've been craving going to the oceans because it's, you know, you know, let me go to the ocean, it's just not like going anywhere else.
This feels so, feels so good and clean and everything, so you need to make it still devotion soon. I don't think we've been this entire summer. We haven't been a whole lot of anyone. So um we actually went to Yellowstone this year. My dad lives close to Yellowstone Wyoming and the crazy thing is right before we have, there was a fire in Idaho, so his area, the Grand Tetons
and all of us to smoke. I'm like, are you kidding me?
And then
I came home to smoke here. It was uh so,
yep, I don't know, have you been to Yellowstone before?
Like when you can, if you come came out of Jackson, you like go north and all of a sudden you see the Tetons right there like, oh my goodness, you kind of come around the corner there there when we came around that corner and it was just like smoke, you couldn't even see
the Tetons, I was like,
are
you kidding me? This is like my favorite place on earth and I can't see the mountain at all. I mean it was just covered so
and it's
not
So ridiculous. Yeah.
Well, um
it looks like
We're at 25.5 minutes, so it looks like we're good to go.
So awesome, quick and easy. Thank you. I'm
always
afraid that I'm gonna be matched up with someone that I'm like, I have nothing to talk about with this guy and I can't stand it, but it's always
been great, so
You too?
Already have a good one.