Yeah. Mhm. With these people? Okay. Yeah,
it was a gun
doing all right.
Evan? Nice to meet you.
Sweet, thanks.
Yeah, I've done a couple, have you?
Yeah, it's kind of fun. Honestly, just give me a break. Meet new people.
Yeah. Just working in my room all day every day, which I guess I'm luckily I can, but it's
just,
it's hard to focus
sometimes
saying. Yeah,
sit on my screen. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Here's this. Fine. Uh huh.
No, Well, I won't make any gestures. Um
Cool. So where are
you, where you look at
now?
I'm in a
santa barbara.
You
know
where?
Yeah, you know where Jackson is? It's like a small town, like our drugs. That's where I'm from actually. So
What's their name? Because it's a small enough town where I might know them.
Mm So, no.
So right now I'm a graduate student at UC santa Barbara. So
yeah and then the psychology program here. Uh
huh. Uh But yeah so normally I uh test participants in the lab on studies but we haven't been able to do that for the past six months. I'm just trying to analyze old data and try to figure it out but I don't know if that's all right.
it's all online here too and then I have to like ta classes so I have a green screen in the background because we use zoom so I can kind of hide my room a little bit but but it's just a challenge of like trying to get everyone to like communicate with each other to zoom and
It's
I
guess it's not as bad
annoying I guess some time
commitment.
it's like probably the equivalent of taking an english, like how to speak english type class, like glass.
Yeah, I know. Yeah. Just a waste
of time.
I
know. Yeah, that's
too bad.
Yeah, I'm in a
PhD
program um ultimately I would want to do a research professor, a study like memory and decision making, so I want to do that. But then also be a professor. I just think it be cool, right?
Super competitive. So it's like a long road. But I don't know, I enjoy it. I enjoy being in grad school, so.
program.
Industrial
psychology.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's almost, yeah, the degree is just like a formality type of thing. It's like,
I'm like
I'm 30 and I'm like still in schools. It's like
but
Boots.
exactly.
So kind of funny. We are because we're trying to transition the online studies because normally would have people come in the lab and so yeah,
I've actually been testing it out, so I just heard about prolific and so I've been trying it out as a participant and so
um but it's like after I'm like learning javascript right now because like to get a study working in a web browser, um
it's like we need it. So I've just been trying to learn that as much as possible with the hope that I can get studies up and running. But see when I figured that out, I can maybe run them through prolific. So if you ever see a
a memory task might be me, but
probably probably a month or two away from like perfecting it. But yeah, I mean that's the only way we can get data now is just have people conducted
online
and I have no experience
with
that.
Yeah and like a lot of what we do is like it's just like a bunch of recognition memory tests and we'll just show you know study a bunch of like face images and then we touched your memory on it. Um so that's what's making it more challenging if it was just survey I think I'd be able to get it up and running. But I'm trying to see because I've seen a couple of times. I don't know if you've done a lot of studies but there are a couple
where it's like an actual task. So I'm trying to make it like a 30 minute memory task. Um But but uh it's been a learning curve to learn javascript.
It is
but slowly getting there. But then yeah, so the way I try to, so usually what we do is like in our studies is like their payment is based on their performance. So you know, you get so much money for a correct response. And so that kind of forces people to try harder because it's like you only get paid based on like your performance. Uh
Yeah, I've never heard of doing that because I know it's like, you know, it's like usually with like even like relatively small bonuses, people like put in a lot of effort. But I think that like you said there's these repetitive tasks. But yeah, I didn't never thought
about
it like this.
Uh huh. So it's like really, it's like literally small bonuses specifically for repetitive tasks is like
funny.
And
Yeah. What a lot of what I study to are these individual differences because a lot of classical psychology studies, it's like a group of participants and take the average, but like you're saying it's like, you know, everyone has these different abilities that seem to be consistent
and so I'm trying to like classify people like based on like no different strategy and it's not necessarily memory but decision strategies. Because you know, there's a situation like say like eyewitness testimony where No, like in the early 90s there was like this thing of like these false memories, like people are accusing of these individuals of crimes, they didn't commit it. But like oftentimes like the way we think about memories, it's not like an all or nothing thing, it's sort of vague and it's like you have like a degree of certainty to it. And so it's like what really seems to be the problem is not that these people have memory problems per se or that false memories. It's just they have a weaker memory and they're just not being careful with their judgment in that situation. You know, it's like you know maybe if it's an initial police report and they're just like give us all details, you know we're just going to question these individuals. It's not a big deal but you know but one during the courtroom it's like you gotta be you gotta make sure you like that memory is strong. And so I'm kind of studying the interaction between how people make decisions based off those uncertain memories. Um But it's like it's crazy, people are all over the place, there's some people who are really good at adapting their decision strategies, the situations and others who are just like so reliant on their memory. Um
But but yeah, but what I've noticed is it's just like everyone's different, you know? And it's like trying to categories memory as like, oh people are good or bad. It's like like you said it's like, you know, memory for songs is like really good for your son. But you know,
But but you know, he's probably bad at remembering other types of things or something. Maybe saturday.
it's weird. It's a lot but it's job
security for me.
I don't know.
that's cool.
Yeah, that's
great.
Yeah, that's yeah, that's probably similar. I don't know if you did that step but that's kind of similar to what I do. It's like, you know, it's like it seems, you know, it's like here in the moment, right? Everything's so vivid and it's like, oh it's obvious but then it's like member, you tend to remember the gist of things, but like remember all those details, you know, series. It's like, you know, that takes up too, you know, in terms of like data, you know, like computer data, it's like taking too much storage in the brain. So it's like your brain forgets most of the details and it's easier for you to just kind of reconstruct, you know, a memory from remember the gist of it. But they add the element, you know, had the algorithms to make it a clear mental image. So But but yeah, but oftentimes you lose most of the details of experience even when it seems like it's obvious that you'll remember it. It's crazy.
I mean, honestly just psychology in general, there's just so much that's unknown about the parade. So it's like even as a memory researcher, I don't know if I'd necessarily know much better than you. You know, we know some of these networks, but ultimately it's like the question is like, where exactly is the memory stored? Is it like an individual neural cells? Is it how they're connected? Like, you know, the theory is, it's like there's got to be some kind of like a regular computer swords. It's got to be some capacity limit. Otherwise we could just remember every experience we had in perfect detail, but you know, that's probably gonna take up storage and it's probably not enough space, you know?
Yeah. It's fascinating. That's why I've been pursuing this. But
Yeah, it's been pretty nice. It's like 70's now. It's been foggy the past couple of days. But I mean Santa Barbara is nice because it's like, I mean it never gets too hot. like honestly, I don't even think it reaches 90° most days in summer. And then in the winter it's like Maybe the lowest against, it's like 40 or 50 during the day. So it's like it's always like pretty good weather. So.
Exactly. So I kinda
I kinda like it in so cal better than uh did a north al of it. But. Oh
because I know you.
summer was brutal this time I heard too.
it was,
yeah. My mom, because she still lives in Jackson was sending me pictures and was like, man, I mean it was smokey but it wasn't that bad like for us it was like higher up in the air so you smelled it a little bit but it wasn't that bad. Like we could still go outside, but yeah, but that was brutal.
Hell
screams,
that's
awful.
That's brutal.
Yeah I did one time I drove up there with my friend um that was uh I was like five or 6 years ago I think and
my
that's the
worst.
that sucks. Yeah.
Damn
all these fires I even heard like smoke like you could see it in Ohio from California at one point like it was just travelling across the US.
wow. Hopefully
it calms
down
sweet.
it's
fun to talk.
No.
same. I enjoy these but great meeting with you. Good luck with the
bachelor's degree. That's annoying. But
but.