Yeah. And then make sure I can hear everything. Yeah. Mhm. What did you find? Yeah, but immediately you came up with potential spoilers. Oh thanks. Mhm. I need to know the conclusion. I you'll be ever, I hate it saying that attention homeland er on like for gifts and nothing came up at home under edge. You don't go to lunch. I didn't get anything. It said no results. I don't want to go it. Mhm. Hi, how are you?
Can
you
can
yeah, yeah, I can hear you okay. Can you hear me?
That might be my internet because my internet is not too great today.
Terry
turner.
Yeah, Sorry, Okay. How is that? Can you hear me?
Kind of? Okay, hold on, let me try. Let me try. This. Is that better? Mm
Like,
like lagging?
mm hmm. I don't have anything open. Let me see. Yeah, I'll quit everything and then see if it works. Yeah. Okay. Is it a little bit better now? No, not working.
You can't hear me okay.
I can hear you.
And
okay. Oh this isn't working. Yeah. I think it's me. My internet has not been good the past couple of days. No one can hear me ever. I don't understand. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Is it working?
Still not working? I think it's my fault. I think it's my internet.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Every other word. I'm
sorry.
All right. Um Yeah I'm gonna
here what you heard it for a minute?
That's so weird.
I
I
and
it worked. That's so weird. It's been doing this to me for like the last three
days. Um Like at work and everything and my my video calls haven't been working. But then like mid video call, they'll be able to hear me so I don't know what's
going on.
Yeah. But anyway. Hi,
how are you?
Good, where are
you from
hawaii?
Oh my gosh. I have not talked. I usually talk to people that are on the east coast like me, I'm from new york.
Um That's wow, that's amazing.
Outside of the city. Yeah about an hour and a half outside of the city. Yeah.
but I have yeah I've been here 25 years. How long have you been in Hawaii? Mhm. I think I lost them. Oh I thought I lost you.
Yeah. Yeah I've been here for 25 years.
Yeah. How long have you been
in Hawaii?
Yeah. Mhm wow, that's awesome. What? Um I want to go there like really bad, I've never been there before so I'm very interested to hear about it. What can you tell me about it?
wow. Um So you live in like a very small part then?
Them
very
So I live in like an upstate part of new york which when people say upstate, people usually think of like buffalo or like something like that. But um not really that far up. I live in like I guess you could say the suburbs um more so country. Uh So like we we own like property and stuff like that, but you can still get to Any kind of city that you want within like 30 minutes so it's pretty accessible and pretty easy.
But.
Yeah. Yeah. Well we used to before Covid.
Right. It's
always I used to um yeah we before everything um we have the train that runs right through our city so we could take the train whenever we wanted and and it goes directly down to new york and and of course you could drive to which only takes like an hour to an hour and a half depending on traffic so yeah it's really pretty easy um and and we could get to all different parts of it, we have family that live in the city to so to go and visit them or even to go take a flight out to you know a different part of the country or to a different country. Um We have all four of the airports really close to us too so um that's that's that was pretty nice too.
Yeah. How was how have like has hawaii been affected by this whole
thing
now?
Big tourist syndrome industry yeah.
Yeah I mean it's it's definitely one of them this city um shut down to the point of like no one being on the streets, which is very weird. Um it's that's like unheard of not seeing people in the streets of the city, so um that was very weird, but we went from a point of like in March and april of people not leaving their houses to the same thing that happened in Hawaii where people just got tired of it, so they started leaving again and started doing things like normal. So then the cases started skyrocketing and now just today, actually everything shut down again, so kids weren't allowed to go back to school um because schools opened up, everything opened up just like normal, the only thing was that you had to wear a mask and that was it. So um today was the first day that our governor was like, we have to close down again because the cases are just going right back up. So nothing we did worked, which obviously it wouldn't have because we didn't really do anything to prevent it. So other than, you know, wearing our masks, but um and then we're kind of half and half here, you'll see some, you'll see the democratic side and you'll see the republican side where half of the people are very mask oriented, they'll even have gloves, they'll have their hand sanitizer, everything that um but then other people just will not care at all. Other people are out without masks. Um don't care at all, not standing six ft, don't even believe in the virus. So um you know, just living their lives like nothing ever happened. Um But that's the kind of, you know, state that we live in and being with. I mean the millions of people here, I wouldn't expect anything less. So. But luckily my I mean my family wasn't hit at all, we've we've been very lucky and we haven't really left the house at all. I mean besides for food shopping and stuff but um you know we haven't done any vacations or anything like that, which is tiring. We want to go away so bad. But yeah, you know it is what it is. So
yeah our district has not been hit so
hard, which is good. We're lucky for um We have I think I mean our town is like probably 10,000 people and we have maybe like 100 cases in that 10,000 people. So looking at that, yeah, it's pretty bad. But um compared to like the amount of cases in new york as a whole, I don't think it's too bad. Yeah. So yeah we're doing pretty okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So um so yeah, what what what do you do for a living
being in hawaii?
Oh you are what do you
go for?
Oh my goodness. That is awesome. But do you have like a like what you want? Do you know what you want
to
do?
All
For
You do. What? For what?
Do you like have contact with people or?
Yeah. Yeah. That's that's really cool though that you're that you're going for? That. I went to school actually for forensic anthropology.
Yeah, I dropped out my last year. It was very hard but I did go to school so I took all those um you know biology and chemistry and medical classes. It was crazy. And I loved it. Um It was it was very cool.
Yeah, that's that's exactly it. Yeah. Um They work with like with like mm how far decomposed body is they work with the bone aspect of the body rather than like a full body that has like flesh and everything. So um I worked mostly with bones and uh like in the morgue and with dead bodies to like identify them and things. So yeah
it was it was it was pretty cool. It was a lot of fun. Well while I
did it.
I did yeah I actually I ended up dropping out my last year because I was in a band and I sang in a band that was doing quite well at the time. So I sang and we traveled for quite a while and then I went back to school for music. So I ended up graduating with the music degree and now I work in the music
field.
Yeah. Yeah, it is it's it's a big switch, but music has always been a part of my life, like even when I was in college for the medical stuff. So um it was always something in the back of my head, but uh just having like a reassuring uh move forward with the band and like knowing that music could actually be a career option and and stuff like that, I was like, yeah, I think I'm going to go to college for music. So, um that's what I ended up doing and I got my degree online too, which I thought was was great and it was it was fantastic. I love the college that I went to. And then I just, you know, I got a job really quickly, which I was very lucky for, and now I'm doing like everything that I love. So
it's
I mean, Covid was a really big factor because I actually got my job in the middle of Covid. I got my job in july And no one was hiring at that time. So I don't know how it happened, but it happened. So it was it was I was really lucky. But yeah, still going strong. And the company is doing all right. I mean, good enough to get through like where we are. So, um, that's really all that matters.
Yeah. I thought you didn't fight her. Come out with with something.
Like accuracy. Right, Okay.
Right. Yeah. And I think a lot of people will take the vaccine. I think people are very scared and a vaccine would make them less scared at least. So,
I
think that's a good thing.
That they don't resist it. Is that what you said?
And yeah, I mean of course you have those anti factors out there who don't believe in anything so who probably won't take it and then it will always be there. So yeah, I don't I don't know how that goes, but I know what you
mean.
Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, I think their timeline was to have it out by March of next year. So I don't know. I guess we'll see. But how um how do you feel about the online
classes versus
in person classes? Do you find it harder?
Organic chemistry? Is that what you said? Yes. And it was so hard.
Yeah. See I took it in the class so I feel like if I took it online I would probably have done much better than how I did.
But
yeah, I think so too.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I agree.
Okay. Yeah, that was before Covid. Yah,
Yeah. I feel the same way I felt like they were much easier online than they would have been in the class um which I liked. But the thing with that too is that I feel like I've studied music my whole life. So going into a music program, I felt like I almost
already knew everything, not everything, but half maybe of what they were already teaching me. So it almost felt like a breeze getting through the program because I was like, yeah, I know what they're talking about and I understand what they're talking about type of thing rather than going into like the medical program where I had to study and like look at my books
and really identify the bones and because I didn't know what they were talking about. So um I felt like even if I was in person, I would have done better at the music program just because I had more of a passion for what I was doing and um really just like understood it better.
What
did you
say?
Yeah, yeah, I was in that band for about three years
and then um and then I left to go to school for music, so
that
will,
yeah, Yeah. We were traveling around the country just playing shows and, you know, getting our name out there and you know, we ended up signing to a label and putting out our music and doing all the things that you would do to like get your band name out there pretty much. And um and it was, yeah, it was great, and then I just wanted to go to school for music, so I ended up leaving the band and um and now the band is no longer a band but it was it was fun while it
lasted.
Yeah, it definitely was, its it's an experience to just travel kind of like around the United States in a car, just forever. So um and just meet new people every night, like new people in a different state every night. Um Just coming to have a good time. It's a lot of fun.
Um I love Tennessee, Nashville. Tennessee was amazing. Um But I think I loved it so much because they have the best chicken fingers, best chicken fingers
ever.
I'm listening for the food. I really am. Um I did love it there. I also really like texas which I didn't think I was going to like, but I did like it there and I think that's about it, florida was okay but it wasn't great. Um
You
know I can
do
it.
Yeah I think so florida wasn't great but yeah I think that's about it. I really I just really like Tennessee the food was so good. So
Yeah
they really do
have good barbecue. It's true.
But anyway it looks like we did it. We're supposed to talk for 25 minutes.
it was great to meet
you.
Yeah. Thank you. You too. Um It looks like it's still daylight there but have a good rest of your night.