good. Can
you
help
me about?
And Kind of one shot? Yeah. It's a bit la G at the moment. Mhm.
My Jeanette. Ancient, perfect. I there. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Try
speaking again maybe. Mhm.
Kind of
Mhm. It's still have a robot dish.
Like
it's helped me. Maybe you have some anything's in other tabs. You know in the past that smashed me up. We've had stuff and other tabs that's been slowing me down.
I got an early. How are you?
Mhm. I might try to Can you hear me? Yeah.
Okay. I might try to shrink which device shades so I might see if that works any better. I'll see if my phone might work better. Shall
be back in a few shocked lunch.
Mm. Can you help me?
Well, not working for me. Yeah. Yeah.
No,
it's not good. I can help to have the other word.
It
might be our show but yeah. Maybe not for today. Yeah.
keep speaking.
It's good right now.
Already
got it just happened the other day. I were like five
minutes
me and this person cut and talked, shutting up shop thing where they could help me, but I couldn't tell them. Then as soon as I was about to leave it fixed it. Yeah.
Over
that's
hard.
I'm
very good. How are you? Okay?
I'm
from. Who are you about you?
Yeah, you can see um when shackle go outside to show you the beautiful weather. Why? Very fun?
That's fun. Um
So you found a new york trout? My outside of the city.
My moving around it. Just guiding a phone child here. Yeah. Perfect. Have you lived in new york all your life?
Yeah. I don't know why I did that as soon as she plugged it and kicked me. Okay. Yeah. Have you lived in new york all your life,
that's lovely.
I'm,
for most of my life it's been what 10 years now? 12 years. So you know, for for all of my life that couch one could share.
I'm now is not the best time. I'll tell you that. It's definitely fun. This is cool because there's like seven different islands and each island has its kind of own culture almost show like wow, who is the biggest island and it happened. It's like a big shitty, you probably honestly felt a lot like new york a very equivalent to it. Whereas you have other islands that like completely You know, it's there's only 500 people on the entire island. So there's a lot of like you have an island that would have a million people and one that would have 500. So you get that differentiation that, okay. It's a fun place to live differently. Um, it has its option down. I live in the tiniest out where I show for us. There's a lot of your fine. I'll be like their diets pretty. Yeah. And it's not like that much sunshine. It's just very humid. It will be on 70°,, but it feels like it's 90°.. Mhm polish family.
I think it's actually the shotgun biggest town. And who are you? So it's fairly big, But yeah, it's small. It's Marcia bourbon though. What about you? Do you
live in? Yeah.
Part of, yeah.
That sounds convenient. Do
you go into the shitty yell out then?
I guess that's nowadays. That's the crawfish for everything like I used to. Yeah.
Look,
that sounds lovely.
Who
I
spent out, um, sure who? I had 10 million tourists every month I want to say and we have one hour about, we have to our approach on the entire state. So that's basically 10 million people floating in and out of one location. So covid hit as hard and that is backed because allowed to let last ranch and church and start to live off of terrorist. Right.
I wish I'll show out because you know, everybody kind of shut down in april and mulch. Then one, by the time june everybody got tired of shutting down and a lot of things kind of opened back up. Well who is an island show is a closed chest. Um, you're certain degree if you can prevent people from coming in. You know, you don't have people driving in like you do for, you know, new york colorado, you have states should have its side were isolated band ocean. She showed back in april we had Barely any case. We had maybe a 50 cases total, which is awesome. Then we shut down and we didn't really need to because we didn't have any cases. Then by the time june rolled around we opened back up. But that's when we're actually having cases and that's only should have been shut down. But by then everybody is tired of shutting down show now we have a lot of cases I think we have like father notion that the higher something which is just that money, but because you are statues Somali State about yeah, at the very least we are very democratic state. So you know, people have been where everybody wears masks and like you don't see someone without the mask. So that's good. What about from new york? I know it was the hardest to be hurt for. Y. O. Yeah
Yeah that's understandable. Has your district you have been hit that hard or has it man? He just in the city?
That's good.
Nice. That's good.
I have
student show.
I'm
currently studying chemistry, biology and sociology. Mhm.
I'm
hoping
to go into the medical field. Rich
Covid. Iarley fetch with Covid. But yeah luckily like thank
God all of my classes online at my college. Thank God I don't need to go into clashes. I tell you to go in to my college a lot though. Yeah.
Michelle I have a few things. I worked on a student government show every week I need to go in and go to my our first and do stuff. Then additionally I work in a lab shall biology lab so we're like treatment for culture and I need to go in there about four times a week. Still show
to a certain degree. It's a pretty, I'd like to think it's a pretty shine at her lab because labs I even before Covid you need to wear gloves and you need to shine it. I shall be ton shop lunch and we are dealing with them shut D. N. A. And shallows which are super fragile. So even before we used to wear masks at the lab even profile Covid show in that sense it's pretty shanty but you do interact with other people. So that's kind of in idle definitely.
I'm good. That's really cool.
What is a frantic anthropologist do? Well did I let get that done people and figure out how they die? I'm dashing
That charge 55.
You
moved on to something else now.
Well
that sounds really fun. That's a big switch.
that's
Shell Gate And that's really actually. And your job hatchet been affected by Covid. That's good to know, definitely.
I'm glad that worked out. And it looks like in the, in the future definitely there will be a vaccine. There's been some polished of development for that. It feels like,
They finished the fashion of the, of the jug child I think. And they had 90%, sure to evaluate and 90 and everybody.
48. So that is get good news. And you know, even when a vaccine comes out, it's still going to take munch and munch to get it to everyone and you know, but at least that's on the horizon now.
definitely. I definitely
hope
that the difficulty with giving people a vaccine, I hope people don't let me just actually taking the vaccine just because it's a vaccine.
Like you've already have already seen people who are kind of a fee on the vaccine just because it's a vaccine. Hopefully that dutch has become an issue, you know?
As
you like and get though as far as that goes.
All
see.
I okay. I find it a lot easier. Um did you ever take that? Oh, come when you were in carl interest that when you needed for french chick?
That's the general consent. Most people hate outcome because it's online. I currently have 100% in it. Mhm,
that's definitely how I felt about I've never considered myself a badge student, but I feel like a lot of class change. Um Yeah, you're able to excel in because they're
online and because that shall there are a lot easier online
just as similarly. It shocks do not have a lot of my lab in all of my lab clash asIA online as well, which I feel like it's kind of touch them until because, you know, like doing process is doing preliminary s chinese action. You kind of need to physically do it too, understand how to do it as opposed to just watching someone
black.
Oh no, you did all of your music class change on, I not wish before, Covid. Yeah.
How do you like doing number 9? How did that translate to online?
I'm broke.
I am.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. That's how the advantage of going in the Champagne you're familiar with. I could see how could be allowed tough if you went so familiar with it. How long were you in that hunt? Fell by the way. How
long
were
you and you mentioned you're in a band for a while
I'm out
and you're just traveling around
the
whole country while you doing it.
The
subject. Cool experience.
Any places that really stood out to you. Anyplace schedule really liked.
You're
just in it for the food.
I think everybody has
shed
that
about
florida.
Have you ever seen a master of none. That one show on netflix that reminds me of him not loving them going to Tennessee and him loving the one barbecue show house. Yeah.
I'll always think of that when I think of tennis shed when I think of Nashville now. Mhm.
Good.
He captured it. Yeah.
I think they hoped it. Yeah.
It was good
to meet you too. Have an auction evening out there.
Thanks. Thanks. Yes you too.