Yeah,
hi there.
Do you know? I'm good. Do you know what we're doing?
Okay. I said
a time, so I set a timer on my phone so we'll know the time. But uh are we just supposed to chat about anything?
Maybe that's what they're testing us for, is to see if we get confused.
I've only done, I've only done prolific studies for a few weeks. So this is like my first one, like this. Have you done any videos before?
Well, we're both equal on this one man. Um
Yes.
Well, it sounds like you're from the United States and I am too. I'm like midwest. Where are you from?
Really well, your accent and mind sound very similar. So yeah, I'm in Kansas.
Really? I was born in Wisconsin. My sister
lives in
Milwaukee. My sister lives in Madison. I was born in WA saw.
Okay. My dad, my dad and his family are from Shoot like New London and WAPA ca. Any of those familiar? Yeah,
We've got a farm, it's right outside Ogdensburg, but most people don't know Ogdensburg. I think there's like 300 people there or something. Yeah.
That's where I always wanted to go when, when I like retire and just go somewhere. Because I love Wisconsin
country.
Well I was just there last last year to visit my sister, but I haven't been there for more than just, you know, a few days at a time in a long time. But yeah, we
went to,
yeah, we're about to be moving back north to north Dakota. So we'll be going to like the twin cities a lot. But you know, usually now my sister will drive like to the twin cities and then I'll drive there. And that way neither of us has to spend a whole day traveling, you know,
Not a lot. No. I have a nephew who lives in Minneapolis. Well he lives in um, Apple Valley. Is that the name of the city? The one where the mall of America is
and bloomington. Thank you. And then, so he's got two Children and their my dad's great grandchildren and his only two great grandchildren. So when I visit my dad we go to visit them and that's why we end up, you know in the, in the area.
I think, I think that's where my nephew, um what would he be? My like my grand nephew plays hockey. He's about seven or eight and they, you know, well you know the north, he started playing hockey when he was like threes. Yeah,
this, this year was the first year he got to specialize he's a goalie now. And
so
yeah, he's excited. We joke because we say goalies don't have to know how to skate and he gets so mad and it's like, well we don't have to skate if you're a goalie. Mm okay. Um,
it will,
you're lucky. Mm No, it's it's not a bad state. You know, I love the middle of the country because we're just kind of more conservative and slow and friendly. The further out you get to the east and the west kind of get more of a rush and I don't know, it just seems nice in the midwest, you know?
All
It's what I grew up with. It's what I'm comfortable with, but I like city to, you know, I guess, um, there was a familiar and then there's the fun. So I like going to visit where there's more activity and you know, more pressure maybe. But I like to be able to come home to relaxing calm.
So you're in Milwaukee, What do you do?
Yes wow. Do you get to work from home then
or do
you have an office need I work I work from home to with computers but I just do captioning. I don't
I don't know any of the technical
um I started doing transcriptions but then I went to captioning and I prefer captioning to transcription but but
I do that. The other. Yeah. Mm
transcription is like in paragraph form like you'd read captioning is when you attach it to the video. So like if you're watching a movie or tv or video and it appears up on the screen as you're watching.
Yeah the transcription. To me there's something about putting it in written word. I want it to be perfect but in transcription you're still recording what a person said so it's not going to be perfect and that just kind of bothers me. Whereas when you're doing captioning, it's still what a person is saying, so it doesn't bother me, but it's not all perfect, you know?
no, we can't, that's that's the hardest part to it. What a person says is their work and they're paying us to record their work not to edit it or correct it, you know, that would be a proof reader, but that's not what we do. So we're stuck with what they say, even if we know it's wrong, we're stuck with what they say. It's hard in that respect because well, like today I was doing some things and I know what the person was saying was wrong, but I I can't fix it, that's not my job, you know?
Right. Right. So what kind of stuff do you do web design or do you do the actual coding? I'm just really curious
Thank
you.
it's interesting to me but I'm not familiar with it so it kind of goes over my head And I would love to hear like about what you do but I'm sure that in about 30 seconds it would be so much that I'm not familiar with that I would be confused.
Yeah. Well that sounds exciting. I mean it really does to me because I work with computers a lot but I don't understand how they work and I like to know how things work if I rely on them. Yeah.
Right. Well that's good. So my dog just walked over. Do you have any pets? Mm
You don't
you? Uh We had a cat but he kept biting us. We tried for a whole year. And finally my son my son is an adult and we live in the apartment here together. But he just said mom I have to give the cat back, he won't stop biting. But anyway I had a cat growing up and love cats but this one was just I don't know he was a great cat but he'd get in the mood and he just wanted to bite. But anyway I've got my dogs so
he's a little shit. So you want to meet her? Hey? Okay you're here. Mhm.
Look
at him, look at high. Yeah she got her stuffed animal that she chews on and she's just sitting here with her baby pretending I guess to be a good mommy. But
She was about eight.
She
is
her name.
Yeah her name is little one because when I got her I told my kids who were adults at the time they could name this dog. So I wasn't going to give her a name and they came up with really stupid names. And after about three weeks she was the smallest one we had. So she was the little one, you know after about three weeks it was too late to name her. So.
Uh huh. Yeah. But that's one of the reasons that I wanted to move to Wisconsin to the farm was so that I could have more animals you know and and people in Wisconsin I mean I know cities to and it shouldn't lump all people together but there is more, it seems there is more animal. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. All my friends who live there have horses and cows and pigs and we used to have ducks to every summer my grandma would would, I don't know how many eggs should have and they'd hatch and I would go to visit and the ducks would just follow me around and it was so fun and I think that's where I got the love of animals and why I want to go back to the farm probably. But you know someday. Yeah.
Party.
Yeah. Yeah. Well we're moving in just two months but we're only moving straight north. We're not moving north and east so. But
Well that's, I was born in Wisconsin but raised in North Dakota and so we left there about, I left there about 30 years ago but my dad is there, he's 84 now so he's pretty sick. We're moving up so that I'll be with him to help take care of him for however long he's got left and but it's returning home, it's where I graduated from high school and college and all that. So, so I know what we're getting into, we know the weather, we know the flooding, but
yep, I went to the University of North Dakota in back in the 80s. So it was a long time ago. Yeah. Back
when the hockey
team
was
the best time. Yeah
and
that's
yeah, we love the the U. N. D. Wisconsin games. But see I went to college back in the 80's With like the 1980 Olympic team, the hockey. But we knew well we knew the coach of the team, her brooks because my dad was the faculty athletic representative and then when it came to the hockey players we knew a lot of the olympic hockey players, but the ones we knew were on the Canadian team. So it was really weird. I think we had like one or two on the US team, we had like four on the Canadian team. So it was kind of an awkward, we want the US to win but we want the Canadian you know. Anyway.
yeah, that would this um this year the hockey coach that my dad is friends with has gone over to china, so he's with the chinese team but it's the summer olympics not winter, so we don't have to worry about it yet. But I can just imagine in a couple of years we're going to be having to cheer on the chinese hockey team.
yeah, yeah, it would be neat to be able to go that.
I think when it was at Lake Placid, my mom and dad went because that was, that was a long time ago, they were much younger and all that and they really enjoyed the olympics there. That and then we lived in Utah when they have the Salt Lake City olympics but we didn't go because like we didn't have money for it. We were still a young struggling family at the time, you know, But
it was what was I think most exciting was for the opening ceremonies. They had the elementary school kids doing a song and so the kids got to go and be a part of it and we have five kids. So they were all in elementary school at the time and so they got to go for that but they were young enough that they're not really going to have the memories, you know, I wish that they had been just a little older but it's okay, it's still is fun and exciting and all that. I shouldn't complain because we didn't get it to be the most exciting. At least we got something so you know, seems kind of wrong to complain that we didn't get the best when we got better than a lot of people, you know.
Well
this is America. We can complain and
yeah, well let's see. Trying to think of something else, fun and exciting to talk about. Want to stay away from all the controversial topics. It's
yeah. Yeah. And then I start wondering about what kind of questions they're going to ask us about because like you and I just started talking and we never even introduced ourselves or anything. I mean we talked about where we were from but like my name is Cheryl. I don't know if that matters. Um
tim nice to meet you, tim.
we know a little about each other and where we're from and what we do. But I wonder if they're going to touch on the depths of what we talk about or or whether or not we sit and discuss why we're supposed to be talking. I don't know.
All
My dad went to school at the University of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and he and my mom used to live in the I'm trying to remember the apartments, but he goes back there about twice a year and just goes to the different places where they lived when they were first married. My mom passed away three almost four years ago. So my dad will go back there and he likes to drive around and look at the places where they used to live and that. And so, you know, it's it's something that he likes to do. I don't know why exactly. But maybe when I get older it will mean something to me too. I don't know. Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah. I know one of the apartment buildings uh is still there because he takes pictures of himself at the sign and the apartment building every time he goes. But like the house where they first lived when they got married is now a big parking lot. Or I think he said it's a parking
high rise. Yes exactly. It's not just a parking lot that three or four stories high whatever. And then he goes and he looks like this is where the store was. Only now there's not a store there, but it brings back the memories for him of something that he can never get back. And you know I mean we're talking back in the 1950s, it was hard to take pictures at that time. Every you know the young people were struggling financially and just to own a camera, he would tell me about how he owned a camera but pretty much it was always at the pawn shop because that's how they got by from check to check. You know, so it was hard to take pictures and then it cost money to develop the pictures and so I think going to those places is about the only way he has to relive the memories. You know now you record your whole life practically or a lot of people do not everybody but
group.
Right. Sometimes I think that the pictures and videos we have today are more of a negative because almost with writing you know people used to remember things and then they learned how to write them down and as soon as everybody could write you didn't have to remember you could write it down and with the pictures you know you had to be able to remember the memories. But now, you know, it's all recorded, you don't even have to remember kind of like with math and calculators people used to be able to add and then they got a calculator and didn't need to know how.
Yeah. I don't even use a calculator anymore. I ask my amazon Alexa thing and it adds up my numbers for me. It's getting so easy to do anything.
Yeah. All right, well, According to my calculator, we've been talking for 25.5 minutes. So I don't know about you. We could talk longer if you want. But if you're doing this like for the same reason I am for the money, we've done it. Okay. Yeah.
and my son, I was expecting him to walk in and interrupt me actually. So I warned him you stay at work late tonight. That all right, Well, I'm going to go ahead and see what the window tells us to do because I'm not sure what we're supposed to do now. Any ideas?
Alrighty. So I don't
know. She'll be
you too tim good luck with your IT. And you know, maybe I'll run
into
you in Minneapolis eventually. Yeah.
Yeah. Thanks. Tim.
You, too.