Oh no,
are you?
No idea.
The man?
I guess so. I don't actually know, I guess it's supposed to be some sort of experiment. I'm going to confuse myself.
That's really, I'm not sure if that's weird, creepy or interesting or uh
no, this is my first one. I've only been doing prolific for a few weeks myself, so this is my first real video testing.
Uh huh. Is
there anything what it meant to talk about?
Midwest?
I'm in Wisconsin,
don't
worry.
Oh, wow. Yeah, that's interesting. No, I'm from Milwaukee myself. I live in a kind of walk now, but I was actually born in walking.
all those are familiar area.
No idea. Uh huh
Yeah, it's really nice.
You know, how long has it been since you've been here?
It's
to talk to a fellow Wisconsinite
understandable. Is that have you been translated a lot
bloomington?
That's cool. I got, my little brother lives in Minneapolis. I was actually just up there on christmas to visit him. He lives in Lindale, which is I think north of Minneapolis.
Yeah.
Good
for him.
That's funny. How's
Kansas? I've never been to Kansas.
you prefer the slow quiet, relax? Not
so quick.
Yeah. When I went out in florida, I liked visiting forward. It was really adorable. East coast to, but there's something about the midwest that is just different than the rest of the country that you just get used to when you're from here. No,
I work in it. I am a Nike support.
I
do
of transcribing.
Uh, do you do transcription stuff?
It's
What's That wasn't really too
okay. So I assume that's just probably a lot easier and more workload wise. And we can kinda enjoy the video a little better.
You can guide corrected for them and make it a little bit better.
Right. Your job is to tell that what has said not, you know, correct them or insert your opinion. I mean it's gonna be difficult when you just know they're way off base. So you know, it's something I don't personally agree with. Gotta do what I do kind of the same way with. I think interestingly enough um My job with the idea is to give customers what they want even when I know personally that it's not what they should be doing, but they pay for it. They know what they want, got to give it to him and then three months later when it doesn't work, you have to talk to him again and say, okay, this is what you should do.
Mhm. I studied programming. Um I actually went Democracy engineering first Programming, but as I've gotten in my career I've transitioned to more network administration, server, administration, you know, general support. It is more networking and servers and cloud based stuff now it's not particularly interesting unless you're you're into it but
you
know it is what it is,
you know, interestingly enough you think so but not really because you probably know what outlook is right And you know what like one Drive and Google driver a little bit you've heard of them. Right. So it's all concepts that people are using now just Either one in a business at a business level or supporting the personal level. It is still based on people and what people do. So even though even though I know a lot of these bands concepts, most of what I do is supporting what people want to do their email across the web, get their work done and have it all work. So that's a pity.
Um One advanced computers and technology versus other fields. Is that a lot of information you need to know or could no is like readily available. It's just knowing where to look. It's difficult. But once you get started you can't find the right course and eventually teach yourself. You may have to become a wizard guru if you don't want to. But you can listen into space and you know understand. Especially since you do a lot of yeah you do captioning. Your system has been able to handle audio and you know immediate abilities. So you probably want us the computer that can handle that. Whether so your your video, your body of loads quicker. You get done quicker. You'll be more right. That's that's more you learn.
I don't I want
cat.
What kind of drug?
All
right. Thank you.
Good for her. Oh
so
about
halfway
there?
Well
anniversary,
when you can get Kansas,
I got something when you get to skate Kansas,
Have you been in north Dakota before?
Did you go to university and dr cole again?
Well
where
would we be going
back?
now Minnesota is the best and the Minnesota took off took over Misaki a thing. It was Wisconsin
for
a long time.
Yeah. Well at least you didn't know any of the soviet said really? Inoculated?
That's going to be odd to have the winter looks in china anyway.
it's gonna be in L. A. in 2026 accounting which would have been in Chicago so close you know one.
Right. But the excitement of being your city must have been fun.
Yeah. You can still
complain.
We can we can get away. We can play, you know. Mhm airing our grievances without fear of rest and all this.
Yeah. I wonder if they made this just to see who would be waging into those controversial topics and you know,
my name is ted
Nice to meet you too.
I'm sure that that
will come up. Probably helped us out. Probably heard a lot of people that we had the Wisconsin connection. I'm sure others who had no connection whatsoever like uh what do we say? Hello? But since we have an immediate trend, we were able to kind of build out the conversation lawyers here.
I can't tell
you why I haven't been I lived downtown about 10 down to talk about 10 years ago. It's changed so much. Even 10 years. So I got this guy be kicked for him just you know, so many years ago. Walk is a completely different city and it's completely different. So it's gonna be crazy for the kind of drive through, wow this is not the Milwaukee I remember at all
structure.
I don't really
uh you know I think what the best of that is. You know sometimes a picture can't recreate your memory and putting yourself in your mind. It doesnt picture doesn't replace that. So I think for him just just gets transported transported back to that time. Yeah you may not have the printers but he has the memories and and as long as it has those you know that's what awesome matters.
Yeah. Now they have laptops and clouds open better.
Same here and still I struggle with basic map from. So maybe there's a strand of truth to that. Yeah. Mhm.
It was but it was really nice to not have a 25 minute conversation. Was nice to have a nice 25 minute conversation. Well increased.
Uh huh. I think as long as we go over 25 minutes and record like that, it will account. So we close the window, we continue. Everything will be fine.
It's
to meet you.
Good
luck.
Maybe Good luck escaping Kansas.
Thank you.