hi,
I'm doing okay, this is the first time I've ever gotten this to work, so yeah, so I'm not quite sure what to expect.
At all. Pro uh huh Yeah. Usually like I'll go through and then like either the other doesn't show up or you know it's like you're sitting there looking at yourself or so.
it's easy to, it's definitely easy
to.
There. Oh so what you just usually discussed like different things or?
I gather like that much fun stuff to talk about.
Oh well. Okay. What came appears it?
Okay, there's the easiest ones to train.
How
do you with your training? Like what do you usually have to do?
Oh that's awesome. Well it probably attracts more people.
It.
Do you have other dogs besides the service doc that you train?
What
heard of that?
Oh wow, that's going to be a cute little
At
Yeah. Now how do how does like how do they get along like since the service dog, like is there a different way that you have to deal with the service dog? Like when they interact with your dogs?
how long do usually keep your service died before you have to move?
Is it sad? Is it hard because
Yeah, I remember watching like um when we had Disney plus there was like jobs for dogs or something like that and they would tell you the dogs can do and they had one little segment on training the service dogs and that's always interesting because they're so smart.
Yes. Yes. I have a golden retriever lab,
He's older, he's got him when our kids were like uh one so um our kids are 12 now when, so he's an older dog. And then like two years ago we got him like a little companion because we we did have a cat. And then we sweat we got this um uh Dotson uh pug max.
Uh huh. Yeah he's got like he's got the body, you know like that as long as the typical, you know wiener dog, we call him a hug weenie and you know that goes like that so that
we were really attempted because there was um like another full you know blooded pug. But you know they you know they have like breathing problems because the way those you know, so we're like okay we'll just stick with this max because he you know has um it's not like
as you know with him
but
oh yeah he's fine and he's very he thinks he's bigger than what he is because he's a tiny little you know, it's not big compared to you know. But he will like when he sees somebody outside or you know wait work, work, work, work, work, work, work.
it's kind of you know, he's just more laid back, unease chill, you know, Help. But he was very patient when uh Scout was little and you know, he would chew on his tail. Yeah all these things, you know because he's teething and stuff and when I was very very patient with that means he was thanks and uh the cat, you know, they can't will get along with them to you know, we have one cat. Um and she will you know, she'll play with a little one a little bit more. And then when she was still sometimes she'll just go and you know, snuggle up with our bigger dog. That's kind of neat. I mean I didn't really think that, like, captain dogs would get along, you know? No, but but they do you know that's that we're bad.
Yeah, like something different, like what are you
all right, Exactly, Okay. And it's crazy. It's like, I'll watch even to sometimes I'll watch facebook, the Dodo, I think it's what it's called, I have like, you know, story
and I'm like, oh, that's so sweet, I don't think, you know, my cat, my uh animals will ever be that sweet enough to do like a little video and each other's nerves before it's over and they look like but that well behaved when they record it. Mhm. Yeah.
Are you from michigan? Are you in michigan or?
Okay. Is it
is it a lot different than uh michigan, or there were some things you have to get used to?
No, Never. What, they're just very abrupt er
if you visited new york was two years ago before, like all this craziness broke out and it just amazed me like how, you know like being in the main area and everything and just walking around there, you know, it's just like everybody like it's how it's crowds going from place to put in, it was just just getting used to so that, you know? But yeah, people kind of aren't really like, hey how are you? Sorry I bumped into, you were Yeah, yeah,
uh it's like did you have, what made you decide to
want to go there? Was it just kind of like, do you still a family here?
It
I don't think I've ever visited pennsylvania, I can't,
yeah, I'm sure, I mean even in michigan, there are a lot of places that I don't think that I really
it
yeah. Yeah, it's just it's amazing because you don't really like, well even now like everybody has to be kind of more in their own little bubble. Oh go out there and like enjoy everything as much as you, you know, you
All right. Yeah, just it's it's unreal and then like,
I'm hoping that you know will eventually reach this area where we kind of like plateau and it's not like no drastic ups or you know, drastic
best.
I know, I know like they took our governor to court to take away I guess her emergency. She was making like tends to extend the emergency yeah. Down and so they took her to court and like took all those away and then they had to like, I don't know, it's just power struggles just
like I don't understand what's going on. I just want to be able to know do some normal things this of
He had like they were showing, I think it was on facebook like signs and you know how they have, there are tombstones for how and instead of having names, they had like, you know my Hawaiian vacation, all of these things that like I guess died and they missed out on. Mhm It's like crazy, but
I it's florida when they reopened up Disney, you know, and you see like all of their spikes and everything everywhere, it's, you know, it'd be nice if we know, but they depend on like tons of people coming in, not just like tiny little crowds. Mhm.
Exactly. Like, you know, see all these viral videos of people getting over to a fight of like not having a mask or wearing a mask and you know, and it's like, oh my gosh, it would be like, you know, so like people would get so nice that, but
yeah, I know um I had wanted to go to Hershey pennsylvania, but is it kind of like, what would you compare it to, like what type of uh is it like a cedar point in michigan or?
I thought,
oh yeah, because you hear all of this stuff to like what they do with the chocolate things, you know, it's like, you know, hotels or whatever that are out there.
Hi Betty,
Like christmas stuff to like,
have to make a point to visit there, because I think we may have drilled because I remember mountains driving through there when we were going to Maryland, um we didn't actually stop this day, so um but it's always seemed like a really nice place.
but
Oh yeah yeah that makes it nice, you know you
have to
work.
Oh my gosh people
it's
behalf
they're like we're just erin we're gonna book a whole month fight for anybody else
gonna argue that especially like if you know I'm just a little bit nervous like you know what's going to happen after the election
like
How long will it be before
it to a place where you know that's not like a subject of conversation with somebody like you actually just be out and you know you don't have to worry like okay well I can't say that I believe in this or you know I do that with like attack me.
No isn't that bad, you know because you just don't know like you know, it's one small thing is like a hot button issue for first, you just bring her word, you know, like with the dog.
So how do you usually take your service dog out? Like how long do you have to have her out when you're actually training
it?
that'll
No, they train you to train them.
Oh, now do you ever use some of those tips with your dogs? Yeah.
Yes,
it's cool. It's just one dog. Pick it up faster than the other out of your dogs.
just like food. I got it next.
Oh no, wait, that's for did you get them to do that? Because you have to like, is it like a, like a treat system, reward system or?
No. Pretty pretty cool. I know
my daughter was using like clicker training with her bird. She's got parakeets. Yeah and they liked like the millet so she, you know, she was like clicking and you know, no, you know, so that's it's interesting how that sound is what the respond to and it's like universal. It seems like balls. Oh
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard
that like rats were actually really
like
no,
no. What's
No, thank
you.
my daughter is you know more of an animal lover and she would have like, you know, a ton of each different. She would be at
home.
now where did all the rodents get along with each other like with the rats and the gerbils or they never like you weren't you're not
allowed to.
it's like it.
Oh that's oh It's really neat when you see that when you see like two different is you know, able to form paper
by. Yeah.
The, you know, the early socialization. Yeah.
Is he one of the bigger rabbits or is he like the smaller tour?
like climb. Let's get into trouble together.
Oh, wow. That's,
that's
let me see what I can get him to do today.
Does it like, like a, like a chicken coop or something that you have out there?
Right zack. Any other like rabbits that are wild rabbits have comes by.
And there,
Only room for one rabbit. Yes. No room with the and go somewhere else.
Like just cut on me. Not as big as you think I am.
Yeah, it's well, and especially this time of year to, because it's not too hot, it's not too cold. So like,
in fact.
It's like, you know, no, like polar vortexes or, you know, yeah. That, you know, we got here like, what was that last year? Something that, yeah, we got the Polaroid texas before Covid where the kids know
what they're going
to school
all. Oh my
No, it's kind of like more miles.
Yeah. So you don't have like those extremes, like, you know?
Oh, that's cool. That
makes
Speak, he was like here like, you know, it's nice. You'll get the snow eighties. But then the snow is like slushy like last
year is more, then you get a lot of the like, you know, I saw, you know, black eyes,
Just let it go out here play. Because I remember what was the one year my kids were playing and my son didn't realize that he had uh, like an ice chunk in the middle of his snowball, and he threw it at my daughter. And yeah,
yeah,
and I wasn't thinking anything out because they were playing, I'm like, oh you're okay, you're fine. And she's like, no, it hurts. And I'm like, oh, you know, just kind of sit down and then she's touching her head and she's like, oh it's bleeding. Oh my god, a lot worse than what I thought, let's get that taken care of
You're like, okay, like my favorite time of year has always been the fall, you know? But then it's like you get all the rain and it's kind of the grounds mushy and yeah, like it just if we could have like a super super long fall, you know? That's that's the weather for me.
Mhm. Like it's like you didn't even give me time to a classmate,
You know?
you don't you don't, it's kind of just uh you know, enjoy it while you can because you know, we were different.
Thank you.
Oh yeah, yeah, like right now just we've got a lot of trees around our house and you know, there it's beautiful, you know, I know, go up to McKenna and there's something called the Tunnel of Trees and
you know, they'll drive through that. I remember we used to go up to Canada um to kind of,
you know, and when I was younger, but but yeah, it's beautiful when you see the leaves changing like that.
Exactly. How do we get out of my friend? Us what?
Oh yeah, that that's that's something that sticks with you, I'm sure. Uh huh. That's cool. That's
it.
Look, we live in uh, like the Richfield area just outside of Davison.
The
yeah, yeah, It's not that far
the next
it's a yeah,
yeah, yeah, that's why I don't think, you know, I've had friends moved to Arizona, I've had family moved to texas. Um but I'm like, I felt the urge to there yet. I don't know if that would change later in life, but yeah.
Yeah. Well, do they come visit you?
That makes it hard.
here.
All right. That you have enough things on your plate that, you know, that's not
one.
Exactly. I get ready to go back in ICU.
Right, Let's see a leader paul. Right?
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah.
No.
Oh, the chicken. Uh
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
And because I've
heard
that they have the wild horses swim right or?
Oh that's cool. Yeah my daughter rides horses and yeah she has the book, it's it's like
yeah, yeah she's she's braver than me because like I'm not like I I don't have like can't have like control like a little bit more control because you don't know how horses will react even the best. I have a bad day, so I'm not, you know, as a willing to have the trust that I'm not going Oh
it's
the
what?
You know because like um well we're in a different environment, we were at one barn that wasn't really run really well and they had their horses in a paddock um where it would get a lot of rain and the mud was super thick. Uh huh My daughter go out in that to get a horse and she got stuck um as and she couldn't and then all the horses I guess we're coming at her um and she just happened to catch somebody, you know going by, I have to get out but she got yelled at because she got stuck. Wait
You know
they
have,
yeah. Uh and I know like some of the little ponies from you know like they're they're red small. There were the wild ponies that you get ponies, you know even their mean like
she
Yeah it's like the seashells in florida, you know the I'll take you out. Thanks
for.
It's
yeah. Hey then we're
done.
what
saved
me.
Yes. Exactly. It's always nice but it's really quick and this was my first one, so thanks. Really?
But
yeah. Well cool. I well site up again.
We pivot to next.
This what? Well you have a good rest of your day,
you
hear?