Mhm. You can, Yes. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Hi,
who are you doing?
This is like my 4th ones. Yeah,
that's what I'm not anybody not show up. I didn't show up to one because I totally forgot about it,
you
know, because not something we used to have to deal with. I work overnight. So then like 2:00 is very early for me. I should just line up early them good.
Yeah, we tend to discuss Covid a lot. That's a topic for all the times. It's kind of uh huh. Everyone is dealing with right now since we're not leaving our houses and also very interesting right now.
No, I'm, I am raising a service dog copy, so that's been keeping me busy.
He's a standard poodle.
Um yeah, I would say he's pretty easy. He's really high energy. I think Golden interiors are a little bit more low key, but
I want
um, he's doing a lot of like public work right now so he's getting used to being our own people who absolutely loves people who are trying to work on him not pulling toward people. That's part of his training right now. He picks up all of his hard work really fast, he's very smart.
Oh yeah, especially when he was really little, everyone wanted to pet him if he was a little fuzzball,
He's like 50 lb now. That also right?
Yeah, we have a springer spaniel and we just got a small monster lander puppy. Yeah you
are,
yeah, they're like a kind of like a satyr type of like a center mixed with a springer.
yeah, they're really pretty. So my date's getting to hunt with her and so that's his dog and I'm I'm hoping to get my own dog after my service dog leaves, but it's a
handful right now. So
um they're all really they get along super well. They've been he's he's a little big for the puppy right now because we just got like eight weeks old, so he's a little bit and he slaps like a puppy because he's only about seven months old. You have gates all over our house keeping them separate but they love each other, they play through the fences and
um it's about a year and a half. Yeah, so he'll be about 18 months old when you leave.
I'm sure he's my first one, so going through that yet.
They are very smart. A lot of uh oh morgan ipods
novel also.
Oh my gosh, we have to be adorable.
my gosh.
Not the same.
hugs
are really good dogs.
what kind of a doc something? Oh
my brother has a cat so when I take my puppy over he wants to pass to the poor cats of all time,
He wants to play with her but he's like 10 times our size.
a cute video.
that's the way it works. I won't
um I used me, I was in Michigan, we moved out to Pennsylvania about 10 years ago.
More well yeah.
Um The people out here are not as nice.
it's just it's kind of a it's not like new york like speed but they're kind of more on that level where they kind of go go go and they don't wanna be bothered so but not not quite as bad as new york. Uh huh.
everyone for a while there was a nice person around here, but so it's kind of like, oh sometimes actually nice to me when you go into a store and they're like friendlies, we're forgetting, it was pretty much that was annoying, everyone was nice. Oh
well.
Yeah, all my family's in michigan aside
from my parents when you moved out here to my dad's job, I'm or so, so I'm finished high school here and went to college here and then my life's pretty much here now, but yeah,
didn't he stay and we have a lot of cool stuff around us.
Yeah, I mean there, I'm hoping
back up through the vacation at some point to go switch to some of the national parks and stuff, but
I know, I know Michigan got really strict about that pennsylvania too for a while but we know we know
I'm quite a year. Okay. Uh
Yeah I know
our our numbers here are starting to go back up again so I'm afraid they're gonna shut things they're gonna get maybe.
No.
Yeah I've been pretty much just hang out at parks all summer and not all you can do so Yeah.
I live near Hershey Park and they actually did open back up but I'm not sure I'm not too keen on going there to be the most big crowds right now so
So it's hard to uh I can't even imagine the lines and softening after like stay away from each other so that's going to be in the past.
yeah, it's been really crazy.
Well I would say it's kind of like that, not quite as big. Um but they do have, they have a lot of variety and writes, it's a really cool town till just look how
it's pretty mean.
Small chocolate when you're there.
Well problem smells like it. Yeah, it's just kind like all their lampposts or like Hershey kisses and it's it's more like in town,
yep they do the park, the park has um I haven't been to it before but they have a christmas eve and they have Halloween even say yeah, it's pretty neat. Yeah.
we're right next to Maryland to, I'm like right next to a whole bunch of places in pennsylvania, so we're next to Delaware and
well at least we can get all, there's lots of parks all over the place so there's at least that
we
usually
go camping this time, you're like all the campgrounds are totally full so
because everyone's
open, it's so cooped up, they they've
been full of the fishing grounds.
They don't take bookings starting in november, so I'm curious so that's going to go, people are showing up up without reservations, I can see fights breaking out. Oh
either
way I'm afraid that there's various people. Oh
well
exactly like really frustrated right now, so it's something we're talking about.
no problem. Yeah
um we have to take him out about, he's supposed to be out like once a week to a public place, just studies getting constantly socialized. Um He has a lot of energy so I try to get him out multiple times a week. Is it
really wears him out when he's out and working. So Uh
we we have to train them for about 10 minutes a day man, a mom, which isn't that bad. Uh, I was there being trained all day long as they have to learn manners and chicken pot big years because he likes to jump on people when he gets excited that something was working at.
yeah, we have to attend classes two times like we are two times a month. So they kind of help us out and like things were struggling with and she sends a whole bunch of papers over and like instructions on how to teach them everything and
yes,
it's kind of like insider info on training. So
the poodle picks everything up really fast. Yeah,
he's a big goof, but he is very smart. He actually just learned one of the biggest things he's learned so far as he's learning how to close like covered doors and stuff. So he just yesterday he finally closed one all by himself.
They're all clicker trained so um like to teach them how to close things. We teach them how to touch teeth. So he learned like touching tape in my hand first, then I stick it up on the wall so he'd like over and touch it and get clicked and treated. And the thing is to put the table like on drawers and stuff you leave the door open. So he's learning to like push it with the tape. So. Yeah.
What?
try I was gonna train my rabbit with it. But yeah
what food? But he's not he can't keep focused for like anything.
No
that's
our breaks where I used to have some buffets, they were really skittish ones. They weren't, it was very hard to get them to work outside of their cage, so. Yeah,
no,
they were a little weird when they came out so they didn't want to do anything. So
they
don't become very smart and very very nice pats, women
that
I currently have durables to guinea pigs, two rabbits than the three dogs. So and we we did have rats in the mix at one point
now,
I mean the guinea pigs and rabbits, we kind of like on separate sides of friends knew from. I don't even care about each other, they don't care.
My one rabbit, he's indoors and he's he kind of grew up with the dogs around so he thinks he's a dog, he loves all the dogs.
it's
Oh Actually drove out to a breeder that I usually just get them from like a pet store or whatever. But I actually drove out to a breeder to get him paid $200 for him. He's like the coolest thing I've ever had, a super social and she raised him really well. So it made a huge difference. Getting one from someone that actually like paying attention to when they were little. Yeah.
he's been really fun. He's a good boy.
He's pretty, he's a howling lap. So he's about four lbs. No, we have to be careful when all the dogs and the dogs are actually really good with him, not not my poodle, he can't be around him because he wants to on some things. And
when we have a rabbit outside and she's got like a huge set up, she's got a huge friend scenario, She gets to have it all to herself and she digs him tolls
and she plays with the dogs by teasing. I'm so she'll come up to the fence and she'll run away and run in circles.
It's the dogs going,
she absolutely loves being outside. A lot of people don't like them being outside, but she absolutely hates being inside. She likes having all her space outside.
she was a chicken coop and she's got a big friends built up around us and she's got tons of space and she thinks she's, she's queen of the yard.
We want, you know, play through the funds before with each other a few times. But
the rabbits are all scared of our yard now because the puppy will chase them away. I haven't seen one in the mail.
And I don't think he wants to eat or anything because he'll walk up to the friends of nuclear kisses and he's, He just, he's a big puppy. He wants, he thinks everyone's to play with him and he doesn't realize that he's £50.. Yeah.
Oh, you know, I think the river would probably play with them, but I probably wouldn't go very well. Uh huh
all
the animals around up this time of year because they're loving the cool air. Yeah.
I
think
for,
we were going to start from that, you know, we don't get terribly cold weather here,
it very rarely gets in the team's even so Yeah.
we were one time I will get like a big snowstorm, but we haven't had like her nanny snowing all over the last couple of years.
think
that I do like snow for a little bit anyway. Uh huh.
No.
it'll melt a little bit and then it freezes and then you go to walk in your garden is like a big sheet of glass. Oh.
Oh.
Uh
Yeah. Yeah. I kinda miss the michigan winters, but at the same time they get by by the, like the sun, get month into what you're kind of done with. No,
Well that's perfect for me. But around here it tends to be, it's kind like that michigan to, you'll get like a couple of weeks like that. Really nice, perfect father. And then it's cold on this one,
you get that couple of weeks again and it's super high all of a sudden you don't
get the nice weather for very long. Mm
we've been spending a lot of time outside. You're
the colors change a lot up up there.
What?
thanks.
Yeah, we actually, my parents still have property in Sue ST Marie. So yeah. So we used to spend a lot of time up there and when we used to drive up there in the fall sometimes and then an ice storm hit us one time we were on our way up there and the bridge was closed down to go up to the U. P. I was like seven when that happened. I remember it.
You got to like, they had to like show for people across. We had to like sit in the parchment forever waiting for our turn to go across the bridge is only allowed like a few people across it at once. Last thing
You
saw police live around up here. So. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. What's not
to,
yeah, we are
family all that way. So yeah
it is. Yeah. I like pretty much all of michigan.
It's like it's like vacation other places, but especially your family there yourself, it's hard to, I haven't been up to visit people a long time. My, my dog, I had an older dog and he was like my baby and I had to stay with him because he couldn't travel that far. So I probably went back to michigan and like six years, so might have been just signals to my family.
Um, they used to, my grandma used to come down here once a year for like a week or two, but she stopped coming down because my grandpa got sick and it's also time fire.
I'm not like a super social person anyway, but we still also
parking like scape and stuff. So I get, I get enough interaction now.
Even
when I go back and visit, it was like after day I'm exhaustion.
I don't know what I guess kind of nice things that breaks. You're not like having to stay people.
My best friend still lives up there. We talk on scape all the time. So it's fun. Nice. It was just nice being in a different area where you get, you get to go and do a whole bunch of things were being able to do. So
we were going to Maryland a lot. It was actually not sure you've heard of assateague Island.
Yeah. So it's um, the misty books with a horse.
that's, that's where the horses are at.
So we go down there usually once or twice a year. Not this year. It's just been crazy pack since they opened a bunch. So we have our favorite place, it's only like three hours from us. So it's really nice. Yes.
Let's go to that and
we
want,
well, um yeah, that's in there. There's actually Maryland and Virginia said I have been to that because you feel like it's for it and it I won't go some here, but I haven't been to that yet.
A huge horse person when I was little kids. So I read all those and I think a lot of horses a lot, but I don't I don't ride or anything.
I
volunteered
at a horse rescue and they have about 30 horses and about 20 of them are in one field together and they had to go out there before and I was, I was like super nervous because there's always huge animals and they because they don't want to come back in the barn because they only get
there so they'll like rush you at the gate. And I said too much for me because before act big and stuff and I'm just not. I'm like, I don't want to get, get trampled by anyone, so. Uh huh.
yes. Yeah. Shit. No. Okay.
Yeah. There, there's been very big animals. It's just,
I'm
not, I'm not quite comfortable around them yet, so,
It's
important being here are viral videos of people getting attacked by.
Uh huh. It's
been so nice tax until we went over our
time. Yeah.
I
don't even know. You know, you've
been one
both
phone conversations.
You can,
you can probably more of them. So
Yeah. Hopefully get some of the matches. You really well. Everyone's been really nice. Just a couple of people like, we didn't have anything comment. So it's like hard to find us the flowers.
So if we have that situation, Covid's always a good thing to fall back on. Everyone has that in common right now.
yeah. It was nice talking to you
and