Hello?
Hi, how's it going?
Pretty good. What's uh what's your name,
kate. Nice to meet you. My name is Grayson.
really?
I've
done three before the first one, the person didn't show up and then the second to the person showed up.
good. I'm glad I could be here.
Yeah.
Yeah, then twice that someone actually showed up,
it was fine. It was I was a little skeptical at first
because it was like, oh we just have a random conversation, you pay us okay. Yeah,
so it came for me it became easy, it was easy for me because I teach english online, so I've I've kind of I'm naturally kind of introverted and don't like to speak, but then
a couple years of teaching online made it made it a little easier I guess.
as well.
Were you online before Covid?
Well at least if you're technology consultant, at least you knew something about technology before going
online, I've probably made it easier.
You know.
Yeah, that
was probably for me, I mean I've for the last couple years I've taught english online but I also coach american football and so with Covid, obviously sports were one of the first things to go and transitioning to try and find a way to get a little bit better remotely for a sport. That was a struggle because I had to learn how to video edit out,
record my screen and do all that
and so I'm not, I'm not very tech savvy so that was my, I've
gotten better
but that was my big adjustment,
our season just ended two weeks ago. Um
It was, it was a whole ordeal, I was in Poland and they shut down the country and so I I left right before they shut down the country I went I went to Serbia because my my fiance is from there so I just thought I'll be around family and
no, I'm back in America now. Yeah.
Um and then the Eu open to each other but didn't open to americans, they opened two serbians, but because I'm american they wouldn't let me back in the country even though I hadn't been, you know, this was like june and I hadn't been in America since january before the pandemic, but just because of my passport, they wouldn't let me back in. So I ended up having to coach the season remotely
being
it's
the
team
was
in team was in Poland. Yeah,
Um well when I finished university, my last year of university I got a call from someone that was playing in Serbia. Um
I guess he had remembered me because we played against each other in college the year before and then he went to play in Serbia. So I was like, yeah, I mean I have no I had this weird thing where I had to do an extra semester, so I kind of graduated after the fall semester, so I didn't, I didn't have any immediate plans. And so I was like, oh yeah, I'll go play a season in europe, that's, you know, I have nothing imminently planned, so I'll just go off and do that. And that one season in europe Was in 2014 and in 2020
I'm still, I'm still there, I've bounced back and forth between Serbia and Poland Since
2014. Yeah,
I did, yeah,
so I'm done.
I'm done playing, well. I say I'm done playing now the last, the last
two years
I've just coached but well, see I almost tried to come out of retirement during the pandemic. But Germany also wouldn't let me in the country. So it didn't work
out there,
which I understand because they made the the rules very quickly. So they didn't, I understand that they don't just hate Americans or anything. They just didn't think the rules through fully because it was, everything was done in a rush. But I won't lie. I'm a little bitter that they shut down the country and I had to leave because they had 400 cases a day And now they have 21,000 cases a day and they're still playing. So it got a little, I think they may have overreacted in the beginning a little bit.
Even
um well when I left Poland to go to Serbia, they were closing the borders. But I don't know if this is a thing everywhere, but apparently you can't just close your borders by snapping your fingers. It takes a couple of days. So they announced that they were closing their borders in 48 hours and so I had time to go catch a plane to Serbia. Um, and in Serbia there are much less worried about coronavirus. So it was, it was much easier. They have playing well. They usually have planes every day, but that planes now three days a week from Belgrade to Los Angeles. So it worked out fine. Mm
there.
Okay. Yeah, I was a little, I was a little skeptical but there was not very many
people on the flight
at
No I guess not. That was one thing I was trying to argue. My visa ran out in Serbia, that's why I had to come home and I was trying to argue, but things are a lot worse in California where I'm from California at the time, the state the state was on fire and coronavirus was out of control. So I said you're sending me
to
you can't send me to California but they didn't care. They said you can get married or leave. And I was like oh thanks.
Yeah, that was the whole
solution. Every time I asked them about getting a visa extension they just kept telling me to get married and I was like well that's got to be a it's got to be a better way. But apparently not. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, but it survived. I thought about it. I did think about it because we were supposed to get married this year but we decided
not to because my family in the Philippines and my family here in America obviously couldn't
come. and so we're like oh maybe we'll just get married and then I thought about my mother murdering me and I decided to postpone it. Mhm.
Yeah. She's you know she she said the phrase I I put you in the world, I could take you out of it several times in my life, I don't want to test her theory, I'll take her word for it. Yeah.
I'm I'm from California, where where are you from?
smart.
Welcome.
bigger
No.
Yeah, it's been it's been a crazy year. I think it's covid has hit different places differently at different times. It's been really hard
to really hard to keep track of everything.
she's
not.
that's the that's the big drama they're having in California as they they made rules by county. So as your county gets better you can open certain things. But I live in san Bernardino county, which is the biggest county in America by land Mass. And so there are parts
that are cities, but there are parts of the county where if you're on the road to Vegas there'll be towns with 50 people and so a lot of people are very unhappy that the rural parts of the county have the same rules as the city parts. Even even if you've never had a case, we've had five cases the whole time, you still have the same rules because you're technically in the same county. Yeah,
that, and Disneyland's melodrama, they keep pointing out that florida's managed to open Disney world and
California can't
figure it out.
What
and
what?
my friends
are
not, my friend, one of my students works at the Disney World in Tokyo and and they've they've been open
for a while. Also every Disney property other than California has has opened.
Yeah. Yeah. Gavin Newsom, I have to think about that too. Um Yeah. Well,
I don't understand the exact problem, but apparently it's a big problem for Anaheim. The city because I guess part of the reason why they have a lower sales tax than most people is because of the tax revenue from Disneyland, they have a certain tax that they put on Disney. So with Disney not generating revenue in Anaheim, I guess it's a really big budget problem for Anaheim. So they're really unhappy with the governor.
We'll
ask all the hotels that are around Disneyland. Yeah.
Yeah, it's Covid has been interesting. I'm really interested to see what happens to Los Angeles and san Francisco after this because many people live in san Francisco or Los Angeles because of work and if they don't force you to go back to the office, if they let you work remotely all of a sudden paying the extra prices and the extra taxes to be here doesn't make as much sense.
What?
Sports.
Where?
What?
Yeah, I'm a little I'm a little bitter to in a joking way that everybody jumped on the remote train because I've been on it for years because
I love to travel.
I love to travel. So I've always been really fascinated by jobs that both don't need a location and don't need set hours and so now everyone's jumped on that train and but I'm joking, it's good. I
think it's better that way.
I think there are some jobs obviously hospitals need doctors and nurses in the hospitals, but then there are other jobs that you really don't need to be there.
I am.
Or just hire better employees and then you don't need to micromanage them.
Yeah. I'm biased on the issue though. I don't know if you can tell I'm in my childhood
bedroom.
I visit
my,
Yeah. That's elementary school and that's middle school. I'm in my childhood bedroom. I visit. I usually like to visit my mom at this time like from I guess a little bit before thanksgiving through New Year's. But I mean when I move around for work and can work largely remotely the $100 a month rent in Serbia is much more appealing than rent in California. So
I tried,
Well it's €100 I guess. It's like $180 or $109 a month, something like that. Yeah.
So I much prefer that then. But when people say that, I always joke this is my joke that I say is when people say, how do you travel? It's so expensive. I say no rent is expensive. If you don't, if
you, If you pay $1,000 in rent, moved to Serbia and then you can literally buy a plane ticket anywhere you want every month now during Covid you probably can't do that, but in normal times.
you can
planet
Planet to avoid the winter. Yeah.
No.
Yeah, that's the big problem too, is in, I don't know if it's, I'm sure it's other places too, but definitely in America I've never seen, I don't see many month to month rents, it's usually at least
for a year,
six months at the
at
the least,
but it's usually a year, but in Serbia I've never had a problem finding a place and just so I don't know how long I'll be here and I'll be okay just pay this every month, okay. And
just the people, I think the people are really nice, it reminds me the most of the Philippines because my mom is from the Philippines and they're all just ridiculously friendly. I mean you'll often meet someone and then end up at their birthday party the next day. It's really it's always strange. Um And I think also, I mean the big thing I like is they don't know if this is just a California thing, I always hesitate to generalize America because it's such a big place, but I I see my friends a couple times a month when I'm in California, I mean everyone's busy, everyone's doing stuff in Serbia. I mean you get coffee with your friends four or five times a week or you just go for a walk around the city. It's a much slower paced life, which I really appeals to me.
Yeah they call it the garden of europe to so they're they're big, the economy is basically based on agriculture because things grow so easy there. That's why they're the only country in europe that whose GDP didn't go down during Covid because Covid didn't really, they don't rely on tourism. So they you know Covid didn't really hit agriculture much because people still eat. So it's a nice nice people. Really beautiful scenery. I'm not a fan of the winters though. I'm not I'm from California so I'm not a snow guy. That would be my big complaint.
I'm like 30 miles east of L. A. Mhm.
Yeah Poland's good Poland. They have a lot of nice people. It's a little depressing um in the winter because it's I think it's similar to London when the sun doesn't come out until summer. So kind of from like January two like may you might see the sun once or twice So that kind of cloudy thing always bothers me cold winters but
it's growing, it's been in the EU for like 15 or 20 years. So it's been growing really quickly Because I first went there in 2016 and then I was there again this year and just that four year period a lot of things have changed everything, especially the big cities are really growing so it's definitely worth a visit. Especially the big places like Warsaw, I would say stay away from Auschwitz if you're sensitive to, to that stuff. That was one of the most, I mean it's really historical, so a lot of people visit but it is one of the most depressing places it really gets to you
Yeah, but Poland is a great place to visit because it's right in the middle of europe. So you can go anywhere. Like I lived in the south of europe the first time it was right next to Prague. For everyone says you should go to Prague, it's one of the best capitals Germany's
right next to it. That Ukraine is pretty nice and and there's a lot of places because it's right in the middle, it's a very popular layover. So you could easily go from like France or Britain to Poland to Germany and kind of travel that way. So it's really the central location is really great. It should definitely if you're planning a euro trip, Poland is a good place to put
on the
list.
Or
just or just texas as most of europe. Yeah.
That's one thing to about I always get this number wrong but I think it's six countries either six or seven countries border Serbia. And so for me
for me it's like well we have to but in southern California, Mexico is really the only option. Canada is really far.
It's
I mean
he does not
know.
it's it's tough and it's gonna be tough I guess for a little bit while longer. I don't think the
I mean they've made a breakthrough with the vaccine but
that's
still
six months away for most of us.
it's gonna be tough because they got the
front liners and then the elderly and then people with conditions that make them more susceptible to corona and then the general population
comes last
sadly.
Which
I'm curious what will happen for me because I hope fingers crossed that I'll leave in january to go back to Serbia. So if I'm not here, if I'm not here when the vaccine becomes available, I wonder if I'll ever not ever. But I wonder if I'll get it next year. Because I imagine
that.
Yeah. Yeah. But knowing the Eu I imagine they're going to want to give it to their citizens. It's just that that's their uh that seems to be a recurring theme with the Eu um
I would think so yeah because you know Being a coach, I have 50 players and we play against other big teams so I feel like but uh government
will
do what they'll do.
I know it's a professional team. Mhm.
Yeah it's.
football. I
don't
know anything about soccer. I can't can't help you there.
Yeah it's been I've been watching less than normal. It depresses me miss miss work.
And also the charges find a way to break my heart every weekend. So that
Yeah. Well I was born
in san Diego so I didn't have much of a choice
was forced.
No.
they are.
I was
and tom brady's new team. I was joke I was forced to be a patriots fan for three years. But I'm glad that part of my life is over.
One of my one of the guys I played with in high school was on the practice squad for three years with the patriots. So
both
boy I mean borderline because he was on the practice squad so
he didn't play in the games. But
but he still he still got his two rings. So he he retired. Happy.
played,
yeah, he played four year sort of four years. But he's three years on the Patriots practice squad. Where he played in two games, two regular season games. And then he was in training camp with Cleveland where he tore his achilles and decided to retire. So he played in two regular season games and got two Super Bowl rings. So his career kind of worked out for him.
I probably would be pretty obnoxious about it. Well, hi, Hi, I'm Grayson. How are you? How's it how's it going?
Yeah, I did everything basically. I taught tom brady everything he knows and you know
tom brady talk. It's all right. He's not a patriot anymore. It's uh fucking here. Nobody saw that coming.
He he missed you. So he moved down to florida.
No.
Where? Well, I think you're you're pretty safe with tom brady. Belichick might be more of a problem because I guess he has a longer future in the NFL.
Yeah, because I guess Belichick could Coach another 10 years. I guess he has some chance if they figure it out. But brady, I
don't see him playing another 10 years. He's had a good long career. It might be time to, especially after the three interceptions this weekend. It might be time to hang it up.
It's
bad because he does seem to have a lot of weapons. There's a lot of good receivers and good running back. So it seems like he should be doing better. But time catches up to us all thankfully. If you're if you don't like tom brady.
Yeah that's good. All
the NFL players get two free tickets
so I guess he could. No
you can go watch. Yeah,
they
get
two tickets. Yeah
that might be yeah, we'll see. Although florida is a little more lax than some places.
Well, I guess if you're governor that's a good way to make, business is happy with you.
Yes. Do whatever, do whatever you want. That's businesses favorite phrase from a politician, do whatever you want. Yeah
All
Yeah it's great talking to. I hope you get a couple more of these that actually show up. Yeah.
Yeah. Well just we click out of this um screen and then just fill out the survey.
Yeah, I just close it at the top. Be fine.
All right, good to meet you.
Have a good
have a good rest of your day.
Thanks. Bye bye.