Hi.
Okay, how are you?
kate.
Okay. Hey Grayson, this is so I've, I signed up for like four of these and every time I come on, no one's here. Yeah.
Mm
hmm. How about you?
No, I was like, I'm just gonna like dance in front of the screen again until five or 10 minutes or. Mm
Yeah, no, that's good. Uh
So you said you've done this three times?
How did those go?
And
Yeah. Okay.
Sam.
No, that makes sense. I am. I do all my work online and remotely um and have had to definitely get good in that space. Um but at least then I have a topic, so right now I'm like uh but you know, I had to kind of go from like not wanting to really public speaker talking about on the phone to begin with. To like, it's, my whole day is, you know, talking to people and online meetings and doing like doing trainings online
or like giving trainings um online and things like that.
I wasn't a remote employee before Covid. No, but I was um yeah I am a technology consultant so I was working with you know people spread throughout the country. Like my I had my office and my my coworkers, but my clients are all across the country, so I was always on those online calls. But now it's like I talked to everyone through the computer. Mhm.
that's
true. I spent like all my time and I was like we don't use zoom specifically but like zoom like calls. Um and then like everyone else suddenly had to do it and I would find that like people would mostly treat it like a phone initially when I was working with campuses. But I could like or like with my clients but I could work with um but I can share my screen on it, but they really looked at like a phone call, like no one ever shared their screen and everyone started working from home and suddenly like everyone's putting on their screens and I'm like, no, I'm still like the same person, I don't want to have my camera on constantly
and everyone's coming in like with their fancy home offices and I'm like, I don't want my camera on, you don't need to see me with my hair up in a bun on top of my head and things like that, so yeah. But
uh
What
during?
So
what are you,
so how are you, are you still coaching football remotely?
Doing.
Is that where you are?
Yeah.
Mhm. So you were coaching? Okay. Wait, Poland or, so where
were you coach? Like
where's the team?
The
people
of players,
Okay. So how did you end up in Poland in the first place?
Mm
What?
That's so
So you must, so then you must played college football
court. Thank
you.
You're
coaching?
no,
that's, I just, I don't know, I kind of assumed that people can move freely as long as they haven't been. But I guess it's really just like you said, it's about like where your passport and visa say. Yeah.
I know that makes sense. Um and how did you get out? Like I didn't like what type of plane was flying out to back
to the U. S.
that's good. I
still have not gotten on a flight so I just drove down I drove like across the country but I did not get on a flight so.
No
I wouldn't think
so. A lot of people want to go to America right now
and
it wasn't a great place.
Oh yikes
and
okay yikes. Yeah.
term
now
Yeah mom's will do that.
I understand that feeling so yeah. Mhm
depends on the day um Right now I'm in florida um and where I lived here on and off but home I would say home is up in new york so I just escaped for the winner.
My goal has to be a snowbird early, not a snowbird when I'm 60 or 70, but I don't like the winner at
all, but you know, new york state is home. So, but I was working here for several years and left and got settled back up in new york maybe like six months before Covid started. So like I never really got fully back in a routine and just like going from being living in florida where it was warm and sunny and beaches and all sorts of things. And like all my adult friends were to them like being in like an apartment without being able to travel um with like just some family and like one or two friends nearby was very like isolating. So I have a good amount of family and friends in florida and they're all going to, uh, I would say I'm couch surfing. I am um doing the fancy version of that. Um, but just, you know, staying with various people and trying not to overstay my welcome and you know, do the chores and help out with the, you know, cooking and everything like that. Um, just to get a little bit of a change of scenery and change of social circle. Um, not that you can have much of a social circle right now, but just trying
to, you know, not stay in my apartment for another another 789 months like we've been doing. Um, so, and then it allows me to be down here closer to the holidays to do some smaller gatherings as opposed to uh quarantining back and forth and dealing with all the travel restrictions, even between states and things like that. So no one likes new york still for some reason and new york
doesn't like florida. So I figured out to stay put for a couple months. Mhm,
You know?
Yeah, and what I'm learning here in florida too is that it's very like county by county as well. Whereas like new york, it's a very state approach. So like what is needed in new york city is what you're going to have, even in like the town's other places, but like in florida, very county by county. So
like
what I'm saying right now, they don't have a whole lot of any restrictions and like my aunt is saying like no one, no one does anything, Even the bartenders don't have face masks and I'm like, where am I? Um but then my friends who I'm going to go see within a couple weeks is like no, everything is like it's the county, everything is restricted. I'm like good. Yeah,
You simply,
huh.
That was a good day.
I
have my ears here somewhere, so um yes, Disney, I keep, I keep thinking about that too. Just in
that Disney world has opened, has been open for months and is open
on
at least what looks like to me, I haven't gone back um but I have some friends who have and like seems to be opened up on like a large scale Um not like full capacity, but I think maybe like 50 or 30%, which at Disney World is still a lot and then you have like Disneyland that still hasn't been able to bring back a single employee and I don't know, it's a very interesting, I don't know. I mean, I definitely think maybe identified go the full Disney world were out, but there has to be some sort of happy
medium in
there.
That's so wrong.
But that's because of like, you know, like nick Newsom's policies. Right.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sure,
I mean,
I mean that's a big thing in florida to like the taxes, you are so low, there's no personal income tax and then like, you know, your sales taxes and everything are lower because of all that income from tourism that comes in. So like they, they needed or else the, the state as a whole wouldn't be able to balance their budget, I guess.
Yeah. What was I, I was also seeing that like a lot of people are moving into new york city to, which I think it's like those people who maybe make a lot of money but otherwise needed to live in like, you know, someplace else and other jobs are permanent, maybe went
permanently remote. And since they can afford
new york city, they're going to live there because they'd rather live there than, I don't know, Cleveland or something like that. Um, which I think is so interesting too, but I agree. I think there's a really good chance that my job will be remote in the future. Um, so you know, what does that mean for like where
I can live and where,
you know, where anyone can live? Really?
Sounds
like it. Yeah.
No
what?
joan I mean, and that's the big thing that like everyone is realizing, you know, I mean, my, my, my, my, my my job always had a lot of flexibility. Like it was, we had, you know, we were primarily office, but if we need to do a remote, we needed a week remote to recover from something, anything that we could do that. But there's so many people who are like having reckonings in their company, like why do you need all your call center people in the room where you can micromanage them? You know, when maybe they could work from home, you have to pay your rent so much, you still get
good productivity and you have happier employees.
And maybe you can hire better employees if you're offering things like working from home and slightly flexible hours.
I
was, I was,
I was eventually
going to ask the photos were, but they looked like a school picture.
So what?
$100?
The heck
It
During covid you can save the money for the next time. No, that's that's a very true and that's the thing I, you know, looking out that like my position might be full of your mode. It's like where can I maybe have a low cost of living but that I still want to be and especially if I don't, if I'm not tied to a workplace, maybe I want to be someplace more fun than that costs more. And then that limits it's all like a balancing act. You know, if you don't have to, you don't be within 20 minutes of work. You could live anywhere who
live in
Miami
that that I don't know how to pull it off without
buying. I'm too young to buy houses, but I certainly can't afford to rents all year.
No,
they don't like doing it
you
don't
want?
Dang. What else can you tell me about Serbia? What are the good things about living there besides the rent?
I like that,
You said Sandberg, where what it's like, is there what's like help me out with the geography?
warm, Nice. Yeah, for sure. Okay. And then you said you also lived in Poland talking about that because I'm polish, so it's always like kind of just been on the list because but also not super serious, like if I ever get over to europe, I'm gonna want to get over there just to like say I did. Um but I don't really have any ties either.
Like
I think that's, I think that's a little bit of the point unfortunately, like to make you feel that as you we'll even take it all in.
you go along.
One
day
I hope knock on what um and that that just always makes me think about how like when you overlay the U. S. Map in the eu it's like the
whole,
texas. But like that that all of that, that you can just hop over, take a little train your another country. That's so cool. Yeah.
that comes
I'm
I'm from, I'm from Canada Territory originally. Um
But no, you're right. And that's what I'm, that's what I've been thinking like I can't even go there Justin does Justin Trudeau does not want us in.
He's
I don't blame him, but like I can't go anywhere. Mm hmm.
You're sure
I saw that.
I
hope it
get him.
I'm doing
gen
pop. That'll be s for
at least me. Uh Yeah. And
and then especially, you know, I have working remote, like, like I got I got, I don't market, I don't check any of the boxes, but that's okay. I'm not that I shouldn't be the top priority.
Wouldn't
the eu have it going on too?
They want to make sure that you don't have it and bring it back to them.
Is that like
for
Yeah. Do you coach for like a league or like a school?
That's awesome.
So professional. American football in europe? Uh
you
know?
No, no, I watched all the american football on sunday.
because of that. Yeah.
the chargers.
That'll
do it. Um
Yeah, that makes sense.
Um I'm Buffalo Bills who are doing great though this year. Yeah, they're seven and 2. That never happens. They're doing burned the patriots
and
tom brady and tom brady's new tune.
Me too. For your sake. That is how are you forced?
So you knew someone
you were supporting an individual? A friend. Okay.
What?
Still?
seriously? You
get them even if you don't play?
dang. I would like wear those everywhere. I would just be like, look at me. I have Super Bowl rings.
Formerly of the patriots. Yes, those patriots. Hmm.
Uh no time. But you talk,
now, but as someone who is in florida right now, I don't blame him.
Yeah. You didn't miss? No, no, no,
that is not it. But okay, I get it. Um, no, I just um, I don't ever is awful, but I don't ever want Bill Belichick or tom brady too when another Super Bowl, so
Oh that's crazy to think to that players end up so I have to wrap it up so young.
the most,
mhm that's
bad,
Well I'm sure that he'll be able to go to the Super Bowl in Tampa and watch
what
all
of them.
That
makes
sense.
that might be the only people who can be in the arena this year.
so relax technically, technically all the cities are allowed to be at full capacity and their arenas, but they're not like the cities are saying no, but the governor said they can do whatever they want.
I guess so.
is. Well, I know that we went past 4:30 and I have to take care of some work things before
the end of the day. But it was great talking to you. This was awesome.
okay. What do I have to do here now? Do I just
So this automatically is going to record on their end. Don't have to do anything else. Crazy.
All right. Sounds
You
too?
Well I hope you I hope you get back over to Serbia soon.