Well I'm
doing good. You sure?
Oh I see. It's kind of windy over there. So my girl. Yeah.
I mean Eleanor charleston Kind of like three hours away from Chicago. So kind of
so that would be I think the west side probably. Yeah. Takes off. Oh my God
what is a
no just for about two years now. My family was in Chicago currently but I go there to see the only once in a while back um uh your talent so Yeah.
No, no I don't I don't I don't like here but it's pretty different from Chicago growing up in Chicago you know coming down here and everything it kind of just feels weird because the lifestyle is like you know you just isolated nobody to talk to. You know like if you want to do so many things compared to Chicago we have like a lot of things you could do you have like things you can do a video with your friends or anything like that. So it's kind of like a little bit or if you want to go watch a movie, you have to drive like 30 minutes or an hour just to watch a movie. Like doesn't make sense like that. So
it's all right.
I
really want to leave out that I'm done with my because I'm close to doing my masters right now. So I want to leave after I'm done with that. Probably I have been thinking of video going to Maryland texas. I'm on the show of new york because new york's life, it's not really my style. So I just want to go to a place back and just pretty much relax. Yeah, not that confused. I don't wanna see no conflict anywhere else. Yeah.
yeah. I want to be close to the biggest theater that can just out from like florida or something like that. So it's kind of like Yeah.
More really project like going to the south side because my bender and she didn't you like the place? So I just want to go somewhere different, completely different than you.
No, no, not really.
I'm there. We just the little place I've been to all my life is Chicago indiana. I've been to Maryland because my dad like moved there for a year, do some job. So I kind of like went to visit him like a while back and everything like that. So I've been to Maryland and I know what's like, so that's why I would like to go back there because I have some people over there too and everything like that, wow.
I
think
swimmers on the the other stuff. So
is because
the first time I don't like get anybody, so I was like just one tomorrow and if not just going to this is going to
have
it, you
know?
yeah, so that's what I did, but I was like if I don't get like I don't get somebody else, I'm just gonna say no, we're coming back.
so saturday is like my most free day. I don't do it there, that's the day I just put out there like saturday uh do anything. Don't call me, don't text me I'm just a day
for me for myself just to enjoy my life and you know, just to uh
Yeah, that's my saturday, but every other day of the week I'm always pieces now.
my dad, my Fridays. All right. I was I was really really but just cook, you know, do everything on friday, so I don't have to do everything through the weekend. And yeah,
that's just just so
schools
were
about, you know, you don't want to put those together. So,
So it's actually mathematics. Uh, but I have minor as well in physics. Sherman.
Really well what? Ask them.
We will choose
from.
Yeah. I was like, have people like that text me every week just like, hey, can you help me with my own work? I have an exam. Can you help me? And I'm like, okay, sure. I also have my classmates. We just kind of, but I'm not like really like the good teacher. I can I don't know how people do that. Like I pretty much appreciate like teachers with a teacher like that. I don't know if you don't have to tell you this is wake up about this because I can just think of something else and just give it out to you. We might not be right. So I don't know. So I try my best as much to just try to you know, explain things a little bit better so that you can understand me and if it's like that, but I'm already like the best teacher out there, so
no,
I probably escaped it as much as possible. What? But recently I've been going a little bit easier because I found out that people like needed help, I just try my best just to explain. Yeah, it's better than not teaching you at all because I just leave you with nothing. So uh if I don't play something you could probably get a little bit of it, so I'm glad you're getting something out of it, you know, and nothing else, you know? Yeah.
Well the reason why I actually, those maths in the first place was because when I was done in high school, I really like math and Physics and pain medicine, so I was thinking of either going for um engineering Oh world Oh, just mathematics, just like to teach mathematics at the end of the day. But the thing about me is that I'm kind of somebody who just goes with everything, like if I feel like even if it's not going well, I just said okay, you know, just let us keep going and like when I go to my talk here in the university, I kind of sort of uh I wasn't like a good teacher, so you know, it's sort of like you just know kind of like just go back
and just kind of like figure things out and stuff like that just went from it, and that's why I had to like take a master's, so just figure things out. So what I'm planning on doing is that when I when I found out that through my junior year in the investor, I was like, okay, so after I think of something else to do, so I was like, okay, I'm just gonna choose problem mechanical engineering. And that made me like choose like all the classes that I didn't want to really take, but started to start to do with engineering, religious stuff, so now and I want to do is after I get my masters in the mathematics, after they go back do something engineering like um I kind of grew so I kind of like a background of how it is and everything like that, I'm not too old, you know, there's nobody was too old to learn something, so I still have a long way out of me, so I don't have time to kind of go back and just like, you know, do something. I really, because I it wasn't something a kid. I've always wanted to do something engineering just to make something productive out there. So that's my
What? Uh huh.
yeah. So when the corona stuff happened those cool after like closed down, so we were allowed to go back home, I'm the other in my apartment with like a roommate. But I was like, well I kind of like stay here for, do I know how long, you know? So I just went back home to Chicago to just do my family and everything. So I was there
for the entire Oh, quarantine, you know, stuff look down processes. So I think I lifted a little bit. That is still, I didn't go out. I didn't do anything until I think july That's when I started like going out a little bit. I got a job in the chest because I like, I love to cook a lot. So I got a job as a chef and over there and I worked there for like a month that came back over here as well. So what we do is go is now, is there Most glasses? Like, I think 60% of the classes are online And like the 40% are kind of like hybrid or in class. So sometimes, yeah, sometimes we don't lie. I think except for like people would take like labs and everything like that. Then you have to go to class to do your lab.
But it's like space. So there's nobody doing it together or anything like that way of max as well. So it's kind of frustrating. I never think, but I mean it's just the best way to prevent things, Although like, I think the cases are kind of going up over here a little bit. It's kind of scary though because I know one of my classmates added like three so I'm just praying I don't because it's not, it's not ready. Yeah.
Saying, I know it's like 23 people like that. It's kind of scary because I live alone and everything. So like what's gonna treat me? Nobody. I'm just gonna be myself. I never thought that. So it's not really, really fun. Okay.
it's
what?
And right now you don't want to get into like infection because you probably think, oh, it's corona, no, no, it's
just,
we actually did one this Tuesday. I think my school
that for the students know, you can get a flu shot and a free covid test. So it's just like kind of because
I like, I like forecasts that day. So to, you know, just trying to figure things out and just go there and they were like a lot of people over there, you know, and stuff like that. I think, I think I didn't have a day to kind of run out the, the stuff, the testing kit then so so people couldn't get it though. But I'm gonna win. They're like pretty early. Those are, yeah,
You
know,
they cry and they just told me they just go together like, okay, sure. Let's just go. You know, you never know. Just better just to go in there with them.
attention.
Yeah. That's doesn't
mean,
yeah, that's true. That's a good thing to do. You want to walk, you don't want to lose your money, your time and everything like that. And once like for like a student as well, if you can't go to class, you know, it's kind of hard to catch up with the teacher and everything so you don't want that to happen to you. Uh Understanding, we know we're going to uh try that.
Like a pet cards. Do you have? Uh
Yeah. Do you have any?
Are
you? Yeah.
uh could it was cool.
I like
more
that's that's me
now. I'm just
waiting.
Mm. So I think it's good and I probably get a card to sometime. I really want that so much. So probably.
Yeah, I love
that.
no,
no.
My
dad was always a good god, my mom as well was always busy with stuff so we didn't really get one like that, so Yeah.
And
yeah, it's always cute just coming.
I
know.
All
Yes, it does. It like that. I just got a
I
have that.
I had so many plans for all corona stuff. No
master.
Yeah, because I was, I was actually depending on going to Finland for the summer. Yeah, but that kind of girl ruined. Uh it's like okay, sure. Yeah, but one thing I actually kind of like took was uh during like Ellie lockdown stages and everything. It took a polish glasses online. Yeah, not like online, like for school, just for like, but it's kind of tough learning polish, you know, I go halfway into was this, it's kind of hard because I know two other languages, so it's kind of like thinking I want to take a polish or spanish, I'm going man, it's cool. Yeah, but
it's
always
Yeah. Yeah. Uh
Yeah, that's something, you know, because it's been a while, I don't, I actually like I love painting as well, so because I have time for to paint that much anymore, so I was kind of just want to take something else just to do with my free time on every point that, but that's what
I did
and
uh I probably don't have afraid, right, because I'm like big into like, like painting, I want to paint paint, paint, paint, paint, doing everything like that. I got to draw and paint as well, but much like over drawer than a painter. I don't really like paint paint paint that much because growing up when I was in high school, but I was just always dress and the thing is I can't really draw for my brain, like I can't do like imaginary stuff after, like see what I what I want to draw. If I want to draw you a picture of you, if I can draw you down, I'm like imaginary guy stuff like that. No, just tell me. So if I just wanna paint, I just probably just go to walmart, just get a brush, just get some things and stuff, just draw whatever. Like I don't really going videos like what you get. Yeah, that's good.
Something even even if it's a picture of my phone as long as I can see you, I just try that. Yeah, that's
It's always impressed by anything. Let me tell you to, which I'm like, wow.
All
You mean you mean like freshman saturday or tanks given?
Uh, yeah, we celebrate thanksgiving and christmas. Yeah. For those ones that go back home just to celebrate my family. But for like a lil wayne, I just stayed back in school. You know what? You know, this year we can't really do much of the stuff, You know, you can't really go out too much, but over your people go out there like people don't really care because there was one time a friend
of mine
invited me to the bar and it was like a little bar never point because you have like a little bars in school. So I went there, took my max, then I go to uh huh And I looked into the bar and I saw like a lot of people in there without max and I'm like, what's going, what's going on? And I think that's what it was like, is this how people like go out these days? And I was like, yeah, like, dude, I'm not going in there. Like if nobody's wearing max, I don't really get like the coronavirus and things like that, I got to go back home because my ass wasn't too far from the place. I just went back home because I was just kind of like, you know, it's not me. There's a lot of people in there close together, no max, nothing, nothing. How you doing this? I just
got,
I
church church.
It's
we do like outside outside people.
Yeah, that's, that's the thing. I don't know. Uh
I
mean, where, where, what? That as a chief, it's like an italian restaurant, Like downtown Chicago. Like at first when the lockdown was lifted were like at like half of the you know capacity like that's where you can bring in and everything. But I think like for like um July ending was like about like 75% of all the other ones like still. Yeah because like when I gets busy there's like a lot of people in there so just be careful. But I was like always just cooking so I never liked meet the customers
but
so
I'm part of like really really good better. Well yeah.
Well
it's not like that it's not like that you're it.
for like no.
Sure that's true. Yeah.
everybody had pretty much like don death like Elian you probably be a little bit better right now. But because so many like really care so much and just keep doing whatever. You know? That's why I still feel like it's gonna be at them even next year, like it's gonna, you
know
when
we come back,
I
I
don't go
out.
From
Well
it really sucks for everybody. You know, everyone just about from the rich people that like, I feel like those are the ones who were like made a lot for me, but for the rest of you just have to suffer the consequences. Mhm.
You know
because my dad was like working for like two weeks I think three weeks after those stuff happened and he was just pretty much just sleeping. So I was kind of feeling bad for him because my dad loves walking and locked about just saying that I'm just being a total, it's kind of like what it's like
signs
and
this.
No.
Yeah, that's what I would say for everybody keep
coming up then
what happened?
Oh, I am looking.
Yeah, I've got the food ready and everything. I think I have like an Omer to do a thing like what to do for school. So probably much, very much do that a little bit today, then tomorrow finishing up and probably my friend might tell me most to hang out or something. I don't know, sometimes it's kind
of like,
yeah, what happens happens. I just
go with the flow and just of everything. Yeah. And
manning a week, No exit. It feels the new week and everything. Yeah.
Church every sunday I just started like just trying to figure things out. My week is going to go and just be kind of happy about myself. Yes.
Um See, I think because I can't go out there A little bit early so I said 29 let
the
music.
Yeah, I think so. I think no, thank
you.
Okay, You too and Youtube. Thanks for talking to
me.