Hi there.
How are you?
start. I think it's noisy for some reason all my neighbors are doing stuff outside today, like there's tractors and long, you know, leaf blowers and everything happening.
Oh, good. Oh good. So, hey, where are you located? I'm in Washington state.
Easter West of Chicago.
you been there long?
Have you been there very long?
Got it. Do you like do you like it there?
Got it
on it. So do you want to
leave there soon? You want to get out of there or?
But you want to, you want to be closer to a bigger city?
Oh, and you're just, you're just willing to go like anywhere you like? Yeah, a new a new challenge.
Now I noticed you didn't say the west coast, you don't like the west wing? Have you ever been out to the West Coast?
No.
got it. You know I'm just looking at I forgot to set a timer but that's okay, we'll
keep we'll
chat.
Yeah you can check back over there so usually I set my phone timer and stuck there for a minute so any
life.
Was
it?
Well
you know after the end, once you've already done it, they kind of have a thing where you can sign up again without having to wait for the thing to come.
no worries, no worries. So what are usually doing on a saturday?
and
that's good
busy, you know I get you saturday is my only free day, so I either plan a whole bunch of stuff that I don't get done thinking I'll be really productive or I just kind of crash, just don't do anything. So today is kind of half and half getting a few things done.
that's smart.
Get all your
pipes, not
that
got it. Got it. Hey, so what are you going to get your masters in?
So my teenage son that needs help with his math online that I can help?
Oh no it's just it's been so long since I've done any math, you know like that he's doing online schooling, he's a sophomore in high school and unfortunately I can't help him. I keep telling him okay go to Khan Academy or email your teacher and
hopefully
get some help.
like they don't come to me for tutoring
or?
Oh that's good, that's good. So what do you plan on doing with that, what kind of career are you thinking about going into?
What?
that's good. That's good. That's
how are you guys doing where you are in terms of being locked down or anything like that
So
You have to go in and do it.
You know I've known quite a few people that have had it so.
Yeah. No and I you know I heard stories too about people where they were by themselves and they got sick and they didn't want anybody else to get infected so they just stayed home and suffered through it by themselves
and they had pretty
bad cases of it. It was not not a pleasant experience at all.
I
know. I know. Did you get a flu shot yet? Did you get a flu shot?
good good.
thanks.
that's good. Yeah I usually don't get a flu shot this early in the season. I usually wait until about november but I saw how many people were coming into the pharmacies
and
things like that. Okay. Maybe. Ok I better get on the bandwagon.
Yeah I nanny for a two year old so I want to make sure that I'm not getting sick and bringing anything to her because yeah
you know plus for myself to plus I have you know I have to work I have a son and I just want to make sure that I'm healthy and able to go to work and
bring
home a paycheck and
pardon?
Do I have any?
Oh I don't know.
No
no my my ex husband kept the dog in the divorce but I still see him once in a while so I don't know if that worked out. I got the kid and he got the dogs so it's okay, we're fine, we're fine, we get along just fine.
I
really you know what? I would love to have some pets but I I worked six days a week so
it's really hard for me to do that and my son is home but he's just like I don't want the responsibility so
I just
I
have to try to convince.
The
does
your family did you grow up with any?
No.
It's
what?
Well I go over to my sister,
she has two little lap dogs and a cat and I'm just like ok everybody come over to anti and you know just I just sit there and literally the whole time I'm there, I'm holding one of the animals.
Yeah, Yeah, this week, this week my dog, I still call him my dog, but he's like £130.. He's huge. It's not a lot bag. He is just this big huge, super loud, energetic, crazy dog
that is
super sweet and everybody's like scared because he looks like he's going to take you out but dog but yeah, yeah, it didn't matter. I think I took into three different trainers, dog trainers
to try to under control a little bit and yeah,
kind of crazy. So what, what else have you been doing this year? Did you have any other big plans? Like were you going to
travel
anymore?
just
canceled everything,
Yeah,
Well
that's a good news. Senior time. Yeah.
Try to learn something new.
So
what kind of painting,
what kind of medium do you use? What, what materials to use for painting? What's your favorite?
I find you can see something for inspiration. Right.
Okay, that's, that's skills beyond what I have. I draw for toddlers, you know, that's about my skill level. They're toddlers are impressed with my drawing ability and that's as far as it goes.
like you made a face or a
person, I can, I can drop this character is pretty darn well, so that's my big talent now, a big thing. So what are you going to do? What is your family doing for like the holidays, are you guys are going to go back to Chicago or?
Yeah, whatever holidays, whatever holidays you celebrate?
Have
you?
No,
that would make me super and I
wouldn't do it yet either.
I couldn't do it. I mean where I live, there's really, there's good mask compliance when you're out at your stores
or I was at a Outside farm cider farm thing this weekend where they had like a pen, not a petting zoo, but all the animals that kids could see and all of that. So I would say 95% of people were masked and we were outside.
But you know, I still drive by, there's, there's a few usually bars that I can drive by and look do the same thing. I look in there, I can see, I'm like nobody's wearing a mask. You know, why, what are you guys doing? It's crazy.
You know what I live, I live in a suburban area, in a in a decent sized city and everything and our restaurants are I don't know if we're at 50%, I have gone to a restaurant, I've gone to a restaurant one time in seven months where I sat down. Um and then it was at 25% capacity. So I don't even know if we've hit 50 were allowed 50% capacity. We might be. But I just yeah, I just don't go to a restaurant. I do take out once in a while and other than that I've made a lot of food at home
this year.
You have
to do
it.
Yeah. Mhm. Well the governor of our state is very strict, so he, you know, he is very careful every week. He reviews everything and and you know, we go county by county and if if the county is doing well then he really he you know, lessons the restrictions on that county. But if it's not doing well then you get shut back down
and your numbers have to go back down right away. So
not like that there. Yeah. No wow.
I you know I don't I don't mind living under that restriction because it helps people it controlled in our state pretty well. Um We're usually one of the states were not when they was. I'm pretty interested in the whole thing. So I look at maps all the time and look at states that are doing poorly and I mean my ours is not in the good zone. I won't say that because it's still still spreading and having problems but we're not as in the in the worst zones like some other states are so
I'd rather keep it that way. I'll do my little part. What?
I do
too. I
do
I feel like,
you know, my poor kid, I feel like he's never going to leave the house because
this is your, he was supposed to, you
know,
he was learning to drive and get his driver's license and you know, hopefully start some sort of part time job next year and it's just kind of hard to do any of that right now. So
he's just stuck at home. I feel bad for him now. He's doing, he's doing all virtual online high school, so he's
not, he's not going to go back at all this year. Yeah.
I kind of have to keep going and
doing our best out there.
Yeah. Well the whole thing just, you know, it makes, its brings about depression and so many people and yeah, they, it's really hard to motivate yourself to. That's why my Saturdays are either like, hey, I can be super productive or no, I just need to crawl into a little bubble and just stay in there, you know, because I work with the public a couple of days a week and then I do my nanny job the rest of it and you know, it's just kind of exhausting being out there in that all the time and I'm super, super grateful. I still work though, you know,
I'm happy, I've been able to keep my job. I had another
job
that went by the wayside, but because of the, because of Covid and everything like that, but that's okay, you know,
keep my nose down, working hard as I can.
Wouldn't
you? Oops, sorry, I clicked over here so I can just check our time really quick. So
anything else exciting? Or you just gonna do the rest of the day or you're gonna
you got all your food cooked? Right.
You're
just whatever happens happens. Right.
thanks
That's a good thing that
Yeah. Well now that I've had this I figure I can look at my to do list and be a little bit more productive and I'll just kind of helped you know, launch onto the rest of my day so I can get a bunch more things done.
it's good. That's good. Good. All right so if we hit our 25 minutes I think we have what do you see on your site?
so
I see
28. I stay on my uh my uh Phone that it's been like 23 and I know I started a little bit late so I think we have we have to limit
well good luck with
everything.
Thank
you. Bye bye.