Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Good shit. Yeah, that's true location. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sunset. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay.
Hello?
Nice to meet you.
I'm morgan.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm in new york state. How about you? Mhm.
You
have
got pretty far. Yeah.
So it's been going pretty good. It's a nice day. You can kind of see a little out the window there. I don't know if it's focusing
you.
Well,
thank you. Yeah.
Since like it's kind of a work in progress and very just slapped together. This is fake. And I just checked it out on my computer.
you know, just
like.
Yeah.
Thank
you. Thank you. Can see,
I'm like in the process of putting fake wood on this and it's like only half time. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, I just like printed out and just like glue it to the world.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I got this printer. Um it's got some like super-efficient technology. It was only like, I think $150 or something. So it's pretty printer. But basically it can just print
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of pages and it's like less than a penny a page or something like that. Like the ink almost never runs out. So you can just like print
like crazy. Mm
I was just a normal printer. It just prints on normal paper. That's just open the paper.
Yeah, I saw something that was kind of similar in Home Depot that like it was textured and really good and really real but it was really expensive.
It would have
cost ended at like $70 to do that. And I probably did that for like a buck.
Yeah totally totally. Um if you want dark colours to look good, you have to use better paper though.
Right? Right. But if you just use the regular paper it's just like you know just the big stack you get for like three buck
wow. How about you? How's your day been?
That wasn't me today but that's me enough of the time that I can say mood. Yeah.
Um it's three p.m.
I've been there so many times. Like I never schedule these chats for the morning even though lately I've been doing better and I've been up most mornings but just like you never know I might have that late night and just feel like a
morning that happened. Uh huh.
On.
Right. Yeah I know I had to wake up a bit earlier today because I had a yoga class.
Yeah I mean we did headstands so it was like exciting. Mhm.
I was nervous as a bookie. Don't set my neck.
Uh
It all worked out.
Oh no, no. Um actually, um, I think it is it, Yeah, like in less than a week I'm going to be 36. So
well
how
you
could do my, I don't know,
I'm not, I'm not saying
I'm just
saying,
I'm just like, you know, he's probably like in his twenties, he probably thinks I'm like in my twenties or just like 20 hanging out. Mm
Yeah. No, I'm old.
You know that college humor skit, it keeps cutting between like actual elderly people talking about old people problems like, you know,
losing their memory or like, you know, people, they love dying and then it cuts to a bunch of college students just talking about how like celebrities are getting older and technology like so old. I'm so, oh
no, no, I know the college humor. I'm on discord. I um, but
I don't use Tiktok. I'm not a
Zoomer.
that's what I hear. That's what I hear. It's like, it looks like it would be fun. I never got in divine either. Like I was, I was a little bit behind. I watched the vine videos when they got posted on tumblr and then like, Tiktok became the new vine fine. Really? They missed their chance because like if they
just stuck around a little bit longer to the pandemic, they would be exploding right now. Right?
So,
right. And also, you know, people not seeing each other in person, they're just connecting to like sharing videos, so
Well,
I'm
35
for a few more days
to
cling
to that.
Thank
you.
No,
no.
But
uh, yeah, let's see. I, I like, like I know about a lot of the things I don't even use twitter, I don't use facebook. Um
I don't use instagram. I like, I tried to use instagram because I know that, you know, you can promote yourself on it and you can, you know, big connections. It's good for your career. And then, I mean, I'm not gonna use lengthen. I'm not that old. Mhm.
Uh no, I'm not using link 10ant.
At least that
is
you're getting serious. That's what it is. You're getting serious. You're gonna like, you know, use it and get jobs and stuff. Just gonna grab more water and the heavy water drinker. Yeah.
And yeah, like I don't know if I should say I use Youtube or not because like I know how to watch videos on Youtube. I occasionally watch a video
or two, but like I don't post anything. I don't like follow people and like check my follow list. I, I don't like just go to it all the time. I'm just like, you know, like once a week I'll, you know, watch a video or someone,
But I keep hearing about this keep happening. And I think about how like people have the youtube addictions where it's just like, you know, every day they're just like watching tons of youtube. Oh, I can't get off my phone. I'm just watching more youtube. I'm just so like I've stayed up for free. I am watching Youtube.
Well,
Please.
I did
use number. I quit tumbler.
Uh
Yeah. It actually does have some pretty informative stuff. But sometimes someone's like, oh, this is a really informative video and they link it to me and I'm like this is half an hour, I'm just gonna sit here and do nothing but washes for half an hour and then it's like okay, you know five minutes in and they start like, you know now promoting this product and I'm like, wow, when did you
get
so
corporate? Like maybe I should be doing that. My girlfriend tells me I should be a Youtuber.
That's
what she says. That's as he says. And I'm just like, I don't know, maybe maybe like, and I'm like who would want to just like listen to me ramble. But then I'm like I see them just listening to a bunch of other Randall's ramble and I'm like, well I guess there's like Randall's rambling
um I know Ted X. And like ted
talks.
I watched
some of those.
those are good. Like the
ted stuff. Those are like actual like more professionally produced. It's you know not just like some random person like here's my opinions.
There's nothing wrong with it. I mean anyone can have an opinion.
It could be like you know um Examples of C. G. I. From more than 20 years ago that looked like they could have been from today.
Come on
Is
the one you
to
it.
So 12
everyone
do
Jurassic park. It's just it's going to be Jurassic park
bewilder piece seen from the Lion King. Um and I would have
to think actually find more from 20 years ago but if we're only doing like 15 or so I think it's around 15 then we can do final fantasy advent Children. Because that looks
good.
You know I think that was on TV. Once in the early 90s and I was really bored and I don't remember much of it except for like the monkeys fighting.
I
I think I need to revisit it. Like it's one of those things that I feel like I just need to like sit down, get some hard ciders, get some friends, virtual friends or whatever and just feel like okay let's do this. Who's got weed?
feel like even people who were I was already connecting with mostly online they're just like stressed out more and when they're stressed out more they're just like you know not in the headspace to like hang out. Which is a shame because hanging out would make them less stressed. Yeah
so sometimes I use Skype I also know how to use zoom and all that. Like I mean I don't feel weird saying I know how to use it. Like I could take more computer apart and put it back together,
I know
how to use things but like yeah I have taken it apart but like um
you know the the zoom thing comparing it to Skype? The thing is I modified my installation of Skype because in version of Skype sucks like
every progressive version of Skype. They just keep making it suck more. Uh huh. It's
like Microsoft is trying to just kill it. And
so I basically like I installed an older version that lets you do split screen because the new version, they basically recorded it as a chromium app. I don't know why they would do this but they because the
chromium
act from the ground up and they left out a lot of features because they I guess they just had deadlines and didn't have time to put them in. So they don't have the split screen where you could be on one side and the other things that can be on the other side of the older version, that's a pre chromium or at least a better made one. And it's you have the split screen and then I also edited it to get rid of all the sound effects because the ringing noises are just so loud. So
what do you do too?
Oh God I watched this like um independent news broadcast. It's like it's kind of like it's a little more professional than most Youtube but it's like it's still kind of a shoestring operation and it's not um network quality, it's called democracy paul, I don't know if you've heard of it.
Uh But yeah, they're like run on donations and stuff and I think they play the audio only version on NPR or something like that and when the pandemic first happened and they couldn't actually bring people into their studio anymore and they started doing things over Skype. They had so many technical errors and you could just see like the boomers at the studio panicking as things going wrong on the air. And so many times during the show it's like, this is a professional news show, it's in a studio looks legit and then you do
right. And I was like, oh my God, they
eventually fixed it. They might have done the same thing I did. Um
I basically just hacked the um archive file. The eyes are the A C A R. Is like them. It's just a compressed file that has all the resources for Skype. I like replaced all the audio files with black so it doesn't make any noise anymore. And then I compared it to zoom and
I will say that one thing zoomed is better is it prioritizes audio. So if your connection is a little crappy, your video might be a little more low rez. But you maintain the connection where you can still hear the other person, which is more important. Right?
Right. Where a Skype, you just like you break up, you freeze, you can't hear the person anymore. And that just breaks up the whole flow of the conversation. Yeah.
This court. Yeah. I don't know if it's my computer, I can't get this or to run right. It lags so bad on my computer. It
the discord up. It's just like whenever I tried to voice call a video called someone, there's just so much lag. It's unusable. It is. And I don't know because most of my friends don't have this problem in my computer is not, I'd like you can run Photoshop,
It's it's a laptop. Um it's you know, it's it's a it's from 2015, but it was like decently high specs in 2015. Okay, So
it's it's
not the greatest but it's not the worst. It's
not like
Yeah.
I think the dark modes to default, right? I haven't changed it.
Yeah, I agree. The only reason I would use the light mode if I did is um you ever use fucks to like change the temperature of your screen? Like there's a dark room mode where it actually does a reverse of the colors. And then in that the dark mode would be the light mode and the light mode would be the dark mode. Yeah.
I just dabble mostly like I've done a couple little, you know, projects and stuff. Um I've been meaning to get more into like graphic design. I do just kind of for fun illustration stuff but I feel like if
you can do illustration, you can do graphic design.
It's
like a friend of mine who has like a PhD in mass who was like, yeah, if you can do advanced math, you can code. It's not that hard.
It
was what my friends and my friend basically went from, you know this PhD in math at some prestigious school where you have to like invent and defend a new formula or something.
You both,
you might, you might actually didn't ask. And then my friend now works um at like doing the back end security stuff for hospital computer systems.
Uh huh. Right right. So it's just like, oh yeah, all this computer stuff is super easy once you've done that and I'm like, I'll take your word on that. And and if we go out to dinner, you calculate the tip.
this is
My friends just like got it. My friend would laugh at that and be like, no, that's not even a real math. Like if you can do it on a calculator, it's not even math and I'm like, oh shut you see
your path. Uh
hmm.
You
have to get
certified.
I mean don't you just want to know how to do it.
Or
I have this weird thing. It's like if I show people my portfolio, if like they give me some sample project, like see how I do. And you know, they like either like what I do or I don't, it's like, I feel like they shouldn't even care about that other stuff. It's like
Right. Right. I mean, it's true in certain fields, like, um, in a lot of the arts because some people have the degrees of the certification or whatever, but they're not actually that could. And
some people are just self taught and are very good. And it's the same thing with the development I think.
Yeah. It's like, you know, if your GIT hub is good, then you don't even need the certifications. Mm.
Oh, what happened?
What
happened?
Sometimes sometimes you can rescue some of that with an un delete utility if he hasn't been continually using it in writing more files to it.
Right. Right. But even when it's deleted like that, there are some un delete utilities. Because basically, um, when you delete a file on a computer, what the computer actually does is it doesn't remove the file, but it makes that sector on the hard drive available to be written over.
And
then if new data is written over it, then you're basically not going to recover, at least without very advanced tools. Like if you're in the FBI maybe you can but like you know for regular end users like us, it's usually gone. But if it hasn't been written over yet it's just been labeled like you can write it over. You have some programs which you run on a drive different from the one you're trying to recover from because you don't want to write anything to that drive. Because if anything any bit of data you right to that drive could go over the data you want to save. So
Right, right. So you just like don't touch it and you on a different computer or different drive, you install the whatever un delete software and then you do a scan of the drive you're trying to recover and that one won't pay attention to the computer saying, oh this is blank space, this is nothing here, It'll look at what's actually there and sometimes you can recover files that way. Yes.
Yeah. It's you know it's hit or miss, sometimes you get it, sometimes you don't it's just worth a shot. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean uh I like them, I like them. I like to actually own the technology I own and not have it on me. You know that uh 90s thing program or be programmed?
That
was
Oh yeah, that's that's true. Now I was born in 1984.
exactly. And when I was like six years old, all the teachers in school would be like, you know what? You were you born in like 1984? And they were like, oh my god it's happening. And I'm like,
no, but I actually kind of like it because you know, it's memorable.
And my mom was like a COBOL programmer in the 90s and on mainframes and stuff.
But she didn't teach me unfortunately.
Yeah, she just, she said she wanted to, but she couldn't get together like a computer that had the right compilers and stuff where she could actually like have any practice. So she just like couldn't get it together at home. And I'm like, man, that's just like me. Like I look at things my mom didn't know. God, she just couldn't get it together. It's just like me and then I look at stuff my dad didn't like, he couldn't get it together. It's just like me. Hmm.
would, but the thing is what I really like in computers is I really like laptops that have the walking digitizes in the screen.
Right, right. Where you can just like the one I have right now, it's um it's actually like a detachable one where like you can pull the screen off the keyboard, people just like a duck and then you can just like draw on it and something like that
is just like so specific that there wouldn't even really be much of a chance to build it. Usually when you're building your building desktops and you're building it for power.
Right, Where was I like power? But I haven't
really like built desktops of power and more like about, you know, the laptops with a portable and the draw on the screen and stuff. I mean, I, you try to upgrade them when possible, but they don't really even make computers to be upgraded anymore. What I do want to do if I get a chance they I've seen this happen, you kind of lose the portability but you use one of the like PC I slots on the motherboard um to hook up an external GPU. Mhm.
And you
like
that,
Where they have like those Big Gpus with like the Coolant systems and everything. And then yeah, you just like have wires coming out of your tablet to this GPU and and that open with gas. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
not
it,
Oh yeah, I mean like it has a GPU on it. I think this one just has like an Intel HD 5500 or something like that. It's
it's
Right, yeah, like it's, you know, it's from 2015, you know? And it's it's just okay. It's not a great one, but it's like it has something, wow.
But yeah, I mean, I've I've thought about it especially because I like, have you heard of the art program expressing?
Uh it's really cool um it's much more physics based than other art programs and it replicates a lot of the ink physics of um Eastern brush painting styles. Yeah, and like I never had a computer that was good enough to run it really, really well. And they also say that like you need to have tilt in your stylists to like really get the most out of it and unfortunately
lot.
Yeah, like I want that in my next computer, I already know what I would want, but I got to wait for, you know? So I have the that but.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. This but it just looks so cool, like it's it's expressing with like two eyes and videos of it just like kind of blowing my mind. It's like whoa and I think you can even do stuff like where you can like tilt the tablet around and stuff and it uses the gyroscope to just like have the ink run down the paper.
Great. Right.
So they say um in the like about pages like if you're trying to run this program relatively cheaply, the cheapest way instead of getting like a super powerful tablet, Pc is just to like you know build or buy like a really powerful desktop and then just hook a tablet up to it.
Right. Right. And that seems the most practical way to do it. But it's also like, like you said this nation, you can do a lot of art that's not that in particular without that program that need it. Mhm
hm.
Yeah. So a funny story um in 1995 my mom got our first desktop computer. Um it was Adele running Windows 95. It cost $2,000. Um
It had you know and that's $2,000 in 1995. Money Ouch
Ouch.
I think the entire hard drive was 800 MB. Um I think it had 64 MB of RAM. It had no USB
like this is what we're talking about. This is this old beige brick with the CRT monitor
man.
know it was a tower was just a beige our brick and she got a lot of things included with it when she ordered it from Dell but she didn't get to the modem because she said that they charge too much to have the modem come with it and that it would be much cheaper to just buy the modem separately and install it and okay sure you know she does she has the I. T. Job, she knows what she's doing. So at the computer she orders the modem separately, she tries to put it in and it has some compatibility issues. Yeah and I don't know because I was a kid at the time, I don't remember what exactly was wrong and I don't know if it wasn't compatible with the motherboard or if she couldn't get the driver working or she didn't have the right media to read the driver and like you can't download it because you don't have internet. I don't know what the deal was. But that thing never got on the internet And we didn't get on the Internet until 2004 when
I
nine years when I got a $10 Windows 98 computer at a flea market and hook that up
me
nine
years, 9 years.
Never getting online.
No,
no, no. Like I I did use limewire when I, you know hooked it up in like 2004 on my own computer. But like, you know, no, we never had dial up. We skipped that whole generation because my mom was too cheap to get the motive that comes with the computer. I definitely respect building your own computer. Especially if you actually make it function. Um
But
like it has to function and it's
like,
but if people pay more for something that works, you know, I'm not even gonna say they were scammed because they have something that works.
We learned the hardest line
nine years.
That's like 40 years of the desert.
But
And then it never got on the internet and it just it aged into worthlessness. Yeah.
Unfortunately.
No. Um we lost a bunch of our things in a move, but by that point it was already worthless so we didn't really miss it. But yeah, it's just like a computer like that. You couldn't even do anything with it now. Like it's just an antique, if anything.
No,
it's that.
would be funny. That would be funny. It just, it kind of reminds me, um, I don't know if you're into bicycle stuff. Um, do you have any strong opinions on fixing bikes?
I have strong opinions on fixing bikes. They're terrible. They take, they take these perfectly good road bikes and they modify them into fixes, which are just disasters. And my friend one time, just not that into bikes asked me like why would they do that? And I'm like, well, it's kind of like imagine getting an ipad and then making Windows 95 run on it,
and he's like, that would actually be really cool. I want to do that, and I'm like, that's a fixing.
no,
no, no, it's it's a modification of a bike, it's a fixed gear bike. Um So it only has one gear, but it's more than that just has one gear. Um if the pedals are moving, like, the wheel is moving, and if the wheel is moving in, the pedals are moving, so, like, most bikes you can just kind of coast and not move, the pedals wheel keeps spinning, but this you can't coast, like,
if you stop pedaling, the pedal will just move around because the wheels turning, it will hit you in the back of the leg.
and you might have seen a video, It was pretty viral of a guy on a bike going down a really long hill, where he just goes into the superman pose on the bike and he's just kind of like balancing on the seat.
And
I would
Yeah, if you look at that video, his his pedals are going through spending the whole time, so he's gonna fix e bike and the reason he's doing the Superman poses because he's going so fast, his legs can't keep up, so he has to get his legs away from the pedals because they'll hit his legs otherwise. And the other thing is that while some fixes do have breaks, part of the like, hipster, minimalist fixing movements is to remove all the breaks. And then if you pedal backwards, like it's not like the bike you may have had as a kid, where if you pedal backwards is an actual break on a fixed, you can actually ride the bike backwards.
If
you pedal
backwards, if you pedal backwards you go backwards. But if you push backwards on a fixed because you're trying to go backwards while you're going forwards. It is kind of like a break. So some people just use that as a break. So that guy, if you look closely at his bike because he's going down the hill and Superman because he has no brakes.
that's so dangerous. It's like he
can't
stop. He gets yeah,
I
literally
can't stop. It's like if you know if a car comes out of driveway anywhere on his way down that hill, he's just gonna be toast.
Yeah. Right, right, so this is why I don't like fixes.
mhm. Yeah, but it's not true of all single speed bikes, like if you can't actually pedal it backwards and like go backwards, it's not a fix it.
And
Right.
But yeah. Oh man. So got anything fun later on.
I love it.
I have born grown up chores.
It's like going to do my laundry. Yes. Yeah.
Have closed.
I don't know if people need those.
Uh huh.
Oh my God. So like I bought a couple of these chats in a row and I have definitely like been about to go into recording and being like, shit, no way. Like a person's gonna like compare all my recordings. I have to put on different clothes. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean it's all the same thing because it's like if you're just staying around the house, it's like I didn't even go outside. They didn't get that dirty. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm sure they won't mind. Yeah. I was just like gonna joke. We're gonna be like that protester in Portland. Just masks and nothing else. Mhm. All right. So I can
let you do homework.
Thank you. I enjoyed it as well,
but
by