Hello.
Hello. That was quick. How are you doing?
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Probably a little bit. Um This is always awkward how to get started a conversation like this.
What?
So Well, it's just someone you've never met before. People to have a 25 minute conversation with them. I mean do you know you have a conversation you had to have a point of connection and then you just sort of thrown into it like this. There is no point of connection yet. No idea what things you guys have in common so
Thanks.
So
look,
well not necessarily a money thing. I mean some people do it for college credit and stuff like that. Um
Only
well specific surveys. It's obvious reading through the direction sometime of them that some people are doing it for credit. But it's not for its not general surveys, it's like I'd be one or two, maybe they don't do it through prolific. I don't know. Anyway. Many also could just be interested in, you know, advancing the cause of science. Mhm. Yeah.
Right.
What?
Clock.
back,
hmm.
I think those are pretty much the best one. I've, I've tried using swag bucks and I've I've never really gotten much there. And all the prolific and mechanical turk are the only ones that I've, you know, been able to like uh get substantial or just any basically money through. Uh huh.
What? Yeah.
Or
mm hmm.
But
Anything else?
yeah. Have you tried using user testing? Yeah,
nah, they're like the opposite. You'll feel 100 different qualification surveys and you might look like for one of them. It's so frustrating.
Go with
something.
My
favorite,
my favorite is the one to ask, Do you make more than $100,000 a year? Yes or no? You answer. No. It says we're sorry you don't qualify. Yeah. I like
it fine if I'm rich. Sure I'll do user testing surveys for pocket change occasionally. Why not?
Or
if
Yeah. Uh That's the uh you have from their correctly. Yeah. You do do a uh information report when you sign up with the user testing. It's been a while um and can get the information from that I mean
But
Good.
But
Whatever. Yeah.
My suspicion. I suspect it is that they actually well first either testing is doing this, they are offloading the effort of qualifying to the test taker instead of the people who are offering the tests. So in a way it's sort of encroaching into your time to do it that way. Uh Instead of coding up a system that would allow the people to be excluded ahead of time, they just they just figured well who just reject the people who don't don't qualify, you know so you have to sit and spend a half hour going. No no. Yes yes. No no yes sorry don't qualify. Okay. No no yes no no no no no no you don't qualify. You have to spend your own time to disqualify yourself and
look.
No
I
what?
That
domestic.
Yeah. I also think that they're using the screeners the companies uh to get information on people without having to pay for it. I mean if if you fill up
information who you are, what you're sort of being what your job is etcetera and you don't qualify. And that's basically some information they've gotten on you, on the on the demographic without actually having to pay out on a survey.
Yeah. I don't actually know, but I wouldn't doubt it if it happened is my point. Yeah.
Okay.
That's a good thing to talk about for eight minutes. Uh What else is there? Um What do you do watch? Why are you interested in anything right now? You're doing anything? Okay.
That
What?
No,
now.
Good.
Girl.
Good.
And I
yeah. Yeah. That is nice. How you just call it the cloud. Like it's some monolithic thing out there. Um The thing that I heard is whenever someone says the cloud, always in your mind, just imagine in it that's placed the words, someone else's computer.
Yeah. Why don't you say servers? Other servers? I mean, because the Cloud sounds like a more impressive thing, I think?
And
Nothing.
Yeah, those things describe web servers to though the way I the way I think what was cloud is, oh, it's it's a server that you don't interact with basically through a web page. It's like uh you know, basically programs do the communicating and the uploading of the information for you. You see what I mean?
But
that's the
problem,
but
What?
What
are you here?
Uh any case uh uh
me, oh, I'm a writer, sort of four of a freelance writer, but actually have a book coming out in september uh
uh No, it is nice and we'll see how well it does. It's weird. It's the content of the book I wrote over the course of several years. Um I wrote a number of articles for a website and I put them together into an e book in the pub, you know, hold them that way. And you know CRC Press approached me about it today, we want to do a print version of this. I thought that's nice. So so I spent two months getting it together, looking through the material and writing an index. Oh God the index. Oh I had to write a script in python to help me compile it. If anyone asks you to help them pilot index just run run away. It's A 550 page book. And I had to go through page
by page finding
all
I know of latex. Yeah. It doesn't do indexing though I don't think. Yeah.
Stock
what?
You
just
heard it?
But what?
I
don't Yeah.
Many
That's when I know of latex. I don't think it does content. I think it's a markup language and
All right.
What's
that?
Yes. I looked into to the words or my word processors. I use libre office actually. I looked into their index excuse but ultimately I would still have to go through the whole document and mark all tag all the index items myself. So ended up for me being just to think them out of effort, basically just manually compile an index. And I wrote a python script to help me do it. So it all worked out. Uh
What?
Yeah. And I wrote the first of these articles like 13 years ago so yeah I had no idea what a baby in a print book at this point. Yeah.
Yeah we'll see how well it does yeah in any case any case what else what else? Uh Just writing a little bit before on twitter actually for I connected about Are you family with the TV Show? Mystery Science? Theatre?
Yeah I run a week actually now biweekly twice a week. Uh Internet showing of mystery Science theater 3000 episodes. Uh where me and some friends twice a week we get together and we watch basically a bad movie and a guy in some
puppet robots who make fun of the movie. And shall we lasted a good while. There's a couple 100 episodes more than that now though, it keeps us going for a while.
Yeah and so we're going through the actually September one. The current owners of the property shout factory are doing a marathon of mystery science. The episodes about the Japanese giant monster Turtle Gamarra, which is sort of like just sort of like uh sort of like Godzilla's rival in a way. And yeah, everyone knows about Godzilla. No one knows about Gamarra
because,
well
at first but author became an ally. But Godzilla and Mata, those are uh those are Toho to homemade those. Whereas Diet, he made the camera movies. They're they're different companies, different cinematic universes, so to speak. Yeah and Gamma is weird. Godzilla, you look at Godzilla and you think dragon, you know, it's obvious a monster like Godzilla can cause some serious property damage. He's got breath, you know, he can swing monsters around by their tails. Um Yeah he goes to the water, he's, you know, he's got power, whereas Gamarra is a giant turtle. If not, uh at first it would seem to be a very destructive kind of monster. But glamorous trick is that he can pull his arms legs and head inside of his shell and fire shoots out from all directions and that propels them in the air and he spins through the air like a frisbee. Yeah.
No, it doesn't. Another
Yeah. Well, they're not these movies are not on mystery science theater because they're good in any case. Um So got all kinds of weird things with camera. Camera is the friend of human Children for some reason, despite the fact that they're basically microscopic to him. Um But now again, we're loved Children just while he destroys their cities. You know, he's all cozy and friendly with little Kenny who little kitty has had a hard life. He's living with foster parents. Apparently his real parents died and his only solution life is his pet turtle Tibby. But as foster parents don't like to be, I think Kenny is kind of obsessed with him. All he does is draw pictures of to be, you know, in school and he's always been in time with him. So they said we're going to get rid of Tibby, you're gonna, you're gonna get rid of your turtle if you don't stop all this turtle nonsense. And little Kenny is sad and then he goes outside to give a tearful goodbye to Tibby and Gamarra who was like 1000 times bigger than to be shows up and it's, it's kind of ridiculous. And because
yeah, because Kenny is friend with camera, the military response to camera lets him into their top secret meetings because apparently he has some angle on camera they think and the kidneys. Although no don't kill game where I know humorous friend of Children namely it really doesn't hate us. Greenwell glamorous knocking over buildings. It's yeah, it's pretty big.
Yeah. Actually the first they made a series of these movies, they were popular enough, they made about half at least a half dozen. And um they get sillier. The first three D. M. R. Movies are pretty are actually played straight the second movie, Gamer versus Paragon doesn't have any kids at all. But then in the 4th movie get vs Chiron comes along and the move in they started chasing kids. So they gave Gamber a theme song and they played up the friend and Children angle a lot more and they became quite goofy. Anyway
you're right
are much much worse. You have no idea how goofy a movie can be until you're seeing him reverses chiron. It's anyway, I am blabbing really But it was a productive blah. We're up to 22 minutes
I'm
sorry
with
I'm sorry what?
I'm
you
You
aren't getting tired of superheroes? Yeah.
Okay.
What?
Yeah. Yeah it makes me sound like a snob but I don't watch much tv besides mystery science theater these days, it's back in college. Uh we couldn't afford cable one semester and I just felt out of the habit of watching tv even when we started affording cable again, you know, I just like most of this stuff isn't really that good anyway, so I just got out of the habit of watching tv. It's just no, now I read web pages and braille, social media all the time. Yeah, that's much better.
Uh And I played games video games a bit but most of the things like uh pinball simulation I like pinball a lot. Uh huh.
Space Cadet. Yeah.
Okay. But no there's been no no video pinball game that really compares to a little pinball machine. In my in my experience it's not just like the rules or stuff like that. Video games are locked to a frame rate right? They don't update faster than the screen because that's the fastest that you can see, right? I mean uh maybe 5060 frames a second. That's what the game targets. That's you know and so the game engine internally run at that speed. But real pinball doesn't run at a fixed frame rate So you could actually get sub 60th of a second response times. And that's actually important in pinball and video pinball discovered often. Um depending on how the ball rolls down the flipper, there's some shots you can't make because if you think about it, each frame, the ball exists a discrete point in the game simulation, right? And sometimes those discrete points don't line up with the shot you want to make. And um that's often a big problem because they'll be important shots at the make of the table didn't consider this and you just can't make them even though you could make them easily on a real machine. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, you sound so thrilled. Uh
of
things
like
that.
yeah. If you ever get a chance to spend some time with a real pin, but there are some recreations of them uh in video form. Uh That's the pinball arcade, that's what they call themselves. By far, Sight Studios has a good collection of recreations of physical pinball tables and like computer and video game formats. Um If you get a chance probably twilight zone and Adam's family are a good machine but I don't think they have those uh easily available because they're the licenses are expensive for these machines. Yeah like Adam and family you have to pay money does he? PBS to use their their their indica their characters and images and touch. Um any case. Um it's 426 now I think that's been 25 minutes. You'd like to stop here. Yeah.
Yeah.
This is the fourth for me. That's the last one for this round. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I hope I haven't bored you too much. It's just
these are the things that is that
the things that I'm thinking right
now, so.
You too. You too. Goodnight.