Hello.
fine. And about you?
Why
do you think so?
Well, it depends how you think. For example,
we are ready to have something in common. We are both members of prolific. And that also means that
we are interested in making money online and answering
surveys. So that's that's something.
Oh really? You can, you can get college credit for answering
service.
Well personally I do it for the money to be honest because uh
even if I was interested in taking service, just let's say improve a product or service or something like that. Uh well,
I have been in prolific for almost two years now. And yeah, I found about it on the Reddit beer money for um which had usually had read but I started working full time
this year. So I am
not a member of a lot of sites that I used to use before this. I didn't use just prolific. I use plenty of other sides to make money online like slack bucks or uh
wrap points and plenty of others. And now I'm using basically prolific and Mturk which is from now on.
Yeah, because for the good thing about prolific is that when you get
even though it's not very often, at least not for me, you're almost guaranteed
to be qualified. Uh huh. Unless
the requester does something that he isn't supposed to
do, you're supposed to be qualified. And and with mturk you can still
be disqualified but it doesn't happen nearly as often compared to swag books or the other sides that I used.
I actually had a test this morning.
I have sometimes had more than 20 screeners without qualifying for a single one of them. And the, the my main issue with user
testing
is that they're screeners are, there are crap. I have received screeners asking me if I'm pregnant or if if I have demonstrated, I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding that they are so bad.
They are.
So that.
Now.
Yeah. So some surveys I have seen asking
where are you a ceo of a company making more than 250,000 a year or something like that. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense at all. But yeah, the mainstreaming screener and the pregnant screener that
those are the worst ones I have ever received.
Yeah, they they they don't do it. They don't
do it. I keep getting tests asking me if I live in some far remote away country or something like that. They just don't do qualifications well. And the other thing
is that there are some tests that they actually ask you something like I don't know. Okay, so what gender are you, what age, what is your income? And then they make a very specific question that you of course you don't qualify. So why not
ask that question first? So that I don't have to answer all the other
It will make much better sense if they actually ask you what they're looking for at the beginning.
I don't know. I have
done test with you know like
conversation
test with them and with marketing companies that they're supposed to be the marketing companies for really big companies like Microsoft google Verizon
whatever. And they keep making
mistakes
like that. So I don't know. I just I just think that the screeners suck and they could do better. And if they use demographics then we will get less tests but we will be able to qualify for more of them.
All
Yeah. That there is more common on services like on swap books and that kind of stuff. But I don't think the customer on user testing really benefits for those more demographic questions that I don't know who has an idea.
Yeah,
I suppose so.
I said, uh, I started working heavily this year full time. So I work for uh,
as a cloud support engineer. So
basically helping
customers use the cloud, you know, running
their virtual servers, companies, servers or anything else on the cloud instead of on their own data centers. And the good thing about that
line of employment is that it really hasn't stopped with coronavirus. Uh, there are a lot of companies actually their employees are working from home. Well, I am I am working from home. So, so they actually are relying more on the cloud now
than last year. So business has been doing good.
And
honestly, I can't complain because I have been working normally from home and actually I don't have to drive 30 40 minutes to go to the office.
Yeah I do agree. I mean the cloud is just basically computers running on the internet, that's that's all it is,
nah I guess I mean I totally understand you but I guess using cloud actually tells you two things. Okay so there are computers that are remotely but where are they located? When
you say cloud then you understand that it's running on a data center, one of these companies and it's public. So it is instead if you will compare to just a regular server running on premises on a company. So that is why I don't really like the term cloud but now that I have been working with this for a while
I guess that I take a look at it as understanding what it is and where it is located. Both things with just one war, so it's not really that bad. It could be worse.
Well for example on cloud providers you can run a website, so a website would be a very a
subset of what you can do on the cloud
and
the way you connect to it, it depends,
you can connect to it to a web browser or you can open, for example uh Ssh connection which is terminal based or you can use it, you can use Microsoft remote desktop protocol and
get control of the server with the photographic a user interface and you will see the same screen as using your local computer. So there are plenty of ways you can even not connect to it at all and just run specific commands remotely. So there's plenty of ways to
interact
with them.
What what do you do?
pretty nice.
here
here's
a small trick, have you ever heard of latex?
Well
uh I don't have tons of experience with it, I had
to use it for college I believe and it was specifically on the leaks which is like a subset of latex that is more user friendly. But uh
so
so
support early every person that writes a book, if they use
like that, it would do everything from them besides the writing. As long as you stick to the format, then it will automatically right the the index summary, the glow Cherie by
autobiography.
Uh everything like that, but it has a
learning curve.
it's kind of a market language to help you structure your document in this case a book. But From what I've seen
the little that I knew about it is that it's basically 10 times
better compared
to use writing a thesis on Microsoft Word or something like that and even more none of these. If you use the correct headings for the specific type of content it can it can generate and in this automatically for you as well.
I guess that latex will have
worked better if you actually had started started to write the book from scratch with it instead of just trying to generate an index after you have finished all the writing.
Well that's something that you should feel very proud about because it's not easy writing a book and getting published. Of course
I have heard about it, but I haven't watched any episodes.
The Morning.
Very nice.
No,
I I know about Godzilla and I think the main enemy
was Matra something called like that. I don't remember.
doesn't sound plausible at all.
three at least call cilla. You thought? Okay so he's a giant Liza so there are iguanas so he's just a large you wanna and okay he can breathe fire so it sounds like more logical. I don't know.
it sounds like, yeah.
south to survey.
Well there were good for at the beginning
and then there seems to be worse.
Yeah I mean
it's just fine. My my
other
my other hobbies are just, well I do like watching tv and I basically watch
most of the superhero
shows.
So for example I finished Arrow and now I'm seeing and watching flesh and then I see supper girl and I think I'm going to see the Bad woman when I try to see all the D. C. Shows and I see all the marvel movies so usually
that's what I do.
Well not really
I I don't have
much time for anything else. I used to be a pretty heavy video gamer but now with work and all of that I maybe play once or twice a week and that's it.
That's that sounded sarcastic. Uh huh.
I used to be pretty good that Pinball that windows included back in Windows 95 I think.
Yeah especially there that was that was really good.
No that's interesting.
Yeah no I mean I mean I never analyzed pinball like
that.
I I
do
enjoy the games but I haven't played I haven't played any people games in a long time so but I don't remember that there were a few good pinball games besides that basically that, wow. Even on the ponds, I think,
Yeah. I
have some stuff to do anyway. And this survey is kind of long. This is the third time that I have done the, the video, the video thing.
yeah. Okay.
Well, it was nice talking to you and learning more about people.
No.
that
That's
that's that's just fine. The 25 minutes were over quick. So thank you and hope you have a nice great rest of your day.
So yeah. Bye.