Good, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Um where are you based?
Oh nice. I'm in California,
uh, barrier san Jose area. Do you know that place?
I see. Uh Were you did you were you born and raised in Indianapolis?
Actually
I'm born and raised here, so I've
lived my entire life here.
Yeah. Well according to my parents, this used to be a very farmland area and now it's become so industrialized, I guess a lot more city, you know? So
how long have you been in Indianapolis then?
Did you move for work or?
I see.
I mean I do video chat a lot with my friends, but it's the first time I've ever done a like a study that required a jet.
Oh, with the same, same like a researcher or
I see.
How is the coronavirus affected work for you?
I see.
I see.
it seems like everything is kind of peeking or getting worse actually. I think it's worse than when it was back when everything started closing down. But open things up now too. So
Yeah, I think we're gonna have this for a really long time. Maybe even more than a year. So
Brought to you mean like broadway shows
in new
york?
Mhm. Have you been going so crazy at all or do you enjoy working at home?
I see.
I see. Can I ask what kind of area that you work in or be out of work?
Does your company provide like data services to other companies or
Crazy? Are you more on the analysis side or are
you more are
I see
I see. I guess I'm a little just curious about like uh the technologies you use. So you just mentioned sequel. But like uh do you have like python? And I guess normally when I think of like data analysis, physicians, I think of
Um when you had your last conversation, I'm just curious about like the demographic of the person you talked with. What were they like on the west coast East coast, were they in the technology field? I guess the reason I'm asking is that I'm just curious if like, you know, I guess I wasn't, I guess most people who have the time to do this, I like in the technology field or like have time
to do it. So
please.
Yeah. You know, Yeah, I guess I was a little surprised. I I thought I would meet other people who like we're out of the job. We're like, we're doing a lot of like micro transaction work. Um
Yeah. Well I was thinking like what's the percentage of people who would be on here that already have full time jobs? Um And you know before I had this conversation with you I was thinking that like uh it would be very low um But I don't know. Well I mean this is just one data point but.
How long have you been doing, salad?
Uh huh. Uh Sorry this might be a personal question I guess. I'm just curious. Well I also started a prolific maybe. Well I started earlier but I didn't really do a lot until quarantine hit again because then now I have a lot of extra time. I'm just curious how much have you learned so far delivered
Uh
I see
I
don't
do
I see I just want to say wow because I've only well I don't do that much I guess I'm not as much as you but I've only gotten I think like $30 so far.
I
see.
Um do you do any other micro transaction services?
How did you find full of it?
I see, I uh like a long time ago I was doing Amazon tick for a while um just for like it was still very it didn't pay very well and I stopped that and then I started up again and then I thought man this is like terrible, like you
do
like
10 cents, five cents.
So I looked it up online and I was like what else could they do? And that's how I found prolific. Um But I guess the thing that kind of like surprised me about prolific was that it was the UK based, I was like oh will I be able to get in, but
you know that's funny because I I went through a phase where I was doing contests as well. Um
I'm just curious what what what are some more interesting things that you've won?
Movie?
that's pretty cool. I I entered a few contests like that where Owen a free dinner with, you know, X and I have no idea
who.
Excellent,
I don't want any of them actually, so I never got the experience, but I
want to
say go ahead.
Oh, I was just gonna say the most expensive thing that I want was just tickets to a a tech conference, I don't know, have you heard of? Uh He always called anything, it was a graphic conference in L. A. Anyway, it's not my field of expertise, but it was I think those tech conferences are super expensive And I think this one was like $1,500 for tickets, so.
But you uh don't do that anymore or you
don't have time to
do
it anymore?
I see. Did you keep them organized at all in the sense like remember winning like a $20 Amazon gift certificate and I had no idea where I got it from.
I see. Um Yeah, I'm just curious a little bit more about your background. Well, let me see if I just feel like there's some similarities between what we do. Um and I'm curious if you've also gotten into into fire uh financially
independent, retire early.
I see.
Right, right. I see. Yeah,
I see. Yeah, I haven't gotten too deep into it, but Well yeah, I just feel like it kind of all fits into kind of this thing of like trying to make money on the side, trying to win contest, trying to get more money. Um So
yeah, I work in at one of like the big tech companies in Silicon Valley. I work but something in the cloud area, so like AWS Azure google cloud. Um so that kind of a
mm uh what else do you do for fun on the side?
you're a pinball machine.
Do you have a, I used to have one of these like small pinball, I mean, I don't think correct to call it a pinball machine, but it was something you can just, it's a portable one, you can put it on the desk, it's like really small,
Hi city. Yeah, I never really got too deeply into it but I'm just curious uh did you play the Windows XP
Yeah.
Um I guess another personal question uh in what decade were you born? And I'm just care so for it like in the same age range or not? I
was same here. Okay.
was one culture shock or not? Culture shock, but the interesting thing that I saw recently where uh you know how like when you uh fake being on the phone, you like put your hand like this and now I
think people just do this.
Uh Yeah since March, so I've just been here at home. Um it's okay. Uh you know, I was doing this article about like it's supposed to be an introverts paradise. Uh and I definitely agree to some extent, like it is nice. I do miss the office and meeting with people. Um but it's not as bad as I thought it would be. I think there's a lot more people who uh maybe our it's probably not as good for them, but I think for me, at least I think it's been going generally well, uh I do enjoy it. I like it. I was also at a point where uh the funny thing is I switched teams right when this happened and um, I haven't met my team in person at all. Um
so getting ramped up and getting up to speed on this new team was a little interesting. So that's, I think that maybe the bad part about it, but otherwise the flexibility, the comfort of your home, it's been pretty nice for me.
And is it clearly zoom that you're using or do you use any of the other services like this?
Remember 10 years ago, Google Hangouts had a lot more features. Uh and then they switch, like they had like this moustache feature, you could have mustaches on people and then it was a lot more dynamic and then google dropped the ball. I felt like they had all this stuff before and then they got rid of it. And they anyway,
social
or google.
Yeah, I guess I wouldn't be too surprised. Wow.
Thank you. Have you had dinner yet?
Have you had dinner yet?
I see.
okay. I guess it looks like we're over time now, but And you, yeah. How
do you close
this? Or do you just close the window?
I see. I just have one question. What do you think they're trying to figure out what this video recording thing?
Isil?
Yeah. I didn't even make the connection to coronavirus. I was thinking more along the lines of like maybe they're just mining data for like, uh, conversational. Like you no wonder people pause when people speak. Anyway. I guess some
ai machine.
Well, it was nice talking to you. Um,
Good
night.
You take