sure it is awesome.
Hello?
You can hear me okay
but I can hear you fine,
I must have accidentally still
had my computer on mute.
No
problem.
Pretty
good. Yourself?
You're
not the only one actually.
I I only just got a couple hours ago
being
year old.
I'm in Wisconsin.
How about you?
Well how what's the matter? I was totally staring entrepreneur. What's the weather like there? Uh huh.
Is a comfortable
Yeah, that's a really, I'm I'm actually dying today because it's I mean I live in Northern Wisconsin so if you know anything about the midwest, it's
not always
hot Today is nearly 90 with a high rate of humidity. Yeah, so it's yeah, I mean I woke up feeling like I was sweating just breathing.
we do not.
no, we have windows open either bringing in air to just circulate air or blowing out all the hot air because it's just and
yep, pretty much when it
gets at night, especially if it does cool down, we draw the curtains back, open the windows and pull as much cool air
in and then once the sun gets up we shut them off and keep all that nice cool air in. Because today I don't know, we we've been going through ice here so fast, we keep an empty pale ice cream pale in our freezer full of ice and even that hasn't lasted more than a day,
both mostly for drinks. Um I actually have one of these like large mugs, I've only ever used it for water. Uh I'd say the past week I've gone through three or 4 a day. Yeah, it's been ridiculously warm here and I like the warm weather but not this.
Yeah, like that's moderately comfortable, especially if you can control it, you know like my my action I her house. We used to keep it 75 - 80 throughout the entire year. Um We drop it sometimes in the summer rico that would get humid. But I mean like I could live in 80° comfortably if it's controllable. You know I've been to Arizona in May And it was 106.
Yeah. But it was it actually felt fantastic. And then we were on a road trip and then a few days later we were in southern California and it was about the same temperature. But you could immediately feel like you were just dying because the humidity was so much higher. I mean even here, You know, I mean it's 90 with high humidity Doesn't matter. It could be 50° and high humidity and you're dying truthfully. The humidity level that kills you.
Sam.
Yeah. Like I guess I'm just sitting here. I'm I'm just not doing much. And it's like, yeah, I feel I need a shower.
It really is
not close enough.
The closest one is Lake Superior because we live, we live right in the twin ports, Duluth Superior and it probably feels good right now. But I mean like Superior is not the warmest body of water. It's usually an average of maybe 50°.. Yeah. Police
preparing.
All
Thank
you.
And
be
normal
again. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think we got lucky if you could call it that, that it really hit during the colder months here in the States because most people are kind of used to.
I mean at least in the colder areas anyway. I mean I assume anybody that lives in the warmer states, like you guys, it still affects you guys moderately in the winter months because you don't get winter the same way, way here. Um
But
once the warmer months really set in for everybody, it starts to like, that's when it really started to hit
me on the whole can't go anywhere thing because it's like, well now you can actually get out and about without having to worry about, am I wearing too much or not enough clothing to be outside for a walk, especially here when the weather changes every half hour, but like any sense of normalcy right now is kind of welcome. So yeah,
going
for your, your little weekend trip would feel
like one of those vacations you just desperately need.
Wolf.
Kind
of like
childhood where you're just like, you know what, it's springtime? It's like one of the first rains, but you don't care. You just want
to be
outside.
In
this.
Thank
you.
Just checking
it
all and yeah, I mean I'd be out there with your on the ground to have been like, oh, this feels so good.
It's
Uh currently not employed certainly.
Well, it's more trying to figure everything out. I've got some medical
stuff to that. I'm trying to work with
the doctors on and figure out. Do I
can we figure this out to get me yeah. Into an ability to work or is there enough to qualify for disability? Like I'm in this middle ground? Like
that's not severe
enough
to just automatically qualify for disability even though that would take anyway. Uh
So it's like can we figure it out so I can be normal and work or
is it kind of lost cause and just filed for disability because that could take a year anyway and just end with everything going on right now. It's like well we're kind of stuck as it is. So how are we going to do? Oh
mostly was retail or food industry? So the last one I did was retail that took such a toll on me. I never used to be too bad with being around people I guess. I mean it sounds like
I used to be
fairly friendly outgoing person and then I don't know if something just switched in me somewhere.
But
Well
yeah I was I mean it
was before
all this
shelter and place stuff too, but it was it's something where there was a day I noticed that like even on my own just having to go to the local grocery store to pick, think just triggered anxiety.
And me even got to the point where even going outside knowing that I was having to go somewhere public got to me.
Yeah and it was just like okay and it's it's gotten better what
it's still there and it's like okay this whole shelter in place thing really doesn't help that now it's like
well now
we're
forced
to be solitary and you know so
Um I'm on a few treatments and there's one where I have to take I get weekly injections and I can do them at home. I've got no problem with it. Um
But
I made the conscious decision before all this crap happened that it would help me if I just let them take control of the injections, forced me to go into my clinic once a week and be around people,
you know, and it was working for a while and then all this crap happening. It's like, well now what am I gonna do? I have no choice what to switch to doing it at home again because limited staff and everything. It's like I'm making steps forward on my own to make this better and now you can come in and be like, no, that's not gonna work for us.
I feel
baby
steps,
I'm
going
to do the whole like,
like I've been doing these surveys and whatnot and everyone where it's like, you know, how often do you sanitize your mailbox? I'm like, over like, what are you talking about? Emily, consciously, I know that there's the possibility of contracting it if, you know, whoever delivered the mail had it. You know, I I get that like, I know why they're asking the question. I'm like, like, no.
Yeah, and I'm not the kind of person to be like, I have to wear a mask when I go out, but I know the reasons for it and I mean until it didn't really register until maybe like early March, but it was like, I get why they want us to wear masks, it's not just because they think we could be sick,
but it's to help prevent the spread of it. People like, maybe we have it and we don't know, so I'm spreading it unconsciously.
And there's also the fact that like it protects us from getting it as well.
And you know, some people weren't really, I think a lot of people weren't getting that concept, there's like, well I'm not sick, I don't need it. It's like, that's only half of the reason, you know?
Yeah, that's the that's the worst part is because, like they said that the incubation period can be a couple of days to a couple of weeks. And, you know, if the symptoms don't show for a couple of weeks, I mean, you're going to go about your regular life for weeks. I mean, and
the
average person comes into contact with how many people in two weeks, You know, even just in a workplace setting, you know, for, for instance, if you were retailed, like a cashier, how many people do you think they come into contact with every day? Practically.
Right. And so, I mean, if your symptoms on shop for two whole weeks, then you have to account for those whole two weeks of people you came into contact with and be like, well, I
could have spread it to X. Number of people and then they have to trace all that. And it's I mean it's a lot of leg work for the people trying to figure all this crap 02 and.
Always
you know
so lots of
people.
After
all
this.
Yeah after all this I mean even some of the little things get to get to people. I mean you know not too downplayed everything but I mean with all the recent riots and police brutality and everything like a sympathize with the people. But I think to some extent has been also blown out of proportion. Like some of these big companies are like taking certain items off the shelves or rebranding or renaming products because they may be viewed as racist. It's like you know, I don't know if you heard about it, but like Mrs butterworth
of them, it was like
butterworth
and then realizing that I'm like, well what about Quaker oats? You
know,
like
Yeah. And it's like
yeah, like I
understand
it from a business perspective, but it's like come on, like they've been in some of them like, like and you might have been in business for like over 100 years. You really think that's gonna be a problem now? Like that's what you focusing
on
region.
Right. Yeah. You know? Yeah.
It's agreeing
with
the
choice.
It's kind
of like this is more that like existential confusion of like how is this going to help the situation, you know? Like
Nothing.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. I I feel the same with a lot of that where I'm just like this, Yeah. You know, when it comes to that kind of stuff, there are very few things that I favor or oppose. I'm just like, no, this has no bearing on
my opinion whatsoever. Like I did one the other day about um an upcoming show that after previewing it, I was like, okay, yeah, I'd watch this and then finding out that it's with, with National Geographic and Disney and I'm like, cool, good for them has no bearing on my ability to watch the show. You know, it doesn't make me favor either company more or less just because I know there are associated with it now. It's like, no, I mean it's a cool show, great if it's not, well they had bad conceptualist or whatever like, but you know, but like, cool, it's not going to affect me on on my ability to watch or not the same with certain social influencers like whatever. Very, very few. Well I year towards without much motivation I guess.
excess
No. Yeah, I'm on my way to 35 and it's like, yeah, it's kind of one of those things that at certain point in your life, you're just like that's also a waste of energy
because it's like
why
it's my life like who cares?
it's
it's
and
Oh that hurts my soul.
It
there's like
the political system where all these people go on these campaigns. It's like, well people are getting like backers and sponsors and everything that fund their camp, their political campaign to be like for me, it's like, it's essentially the same thing is like they're getting these people will call in that the patient will be like, hey, I want this person, you know, right? They are
what status
into an actual social norm. I mean it's been that way for a little while, but like celebrity status meant
exactly like and
over
the last
couple of decades, celebrities weren't just musicians and actors and all that. I mean politicians are celebrities now and I'm not just talking about trump because trump was famous before.
But
actually
political careers are celebrities now and it's like I get that they have important status that doesn't automatically make them a celebrity. Like, so according shift was deemed the term for stars. You know, I mean that's been a term for decades. When did it become a social status?
Yeah. What was a, oh, I was watching something the other day and it got me thinking about, I was watching a documentary on netflix. Uh, do you have netflix? Yeah, I mean, I mean given everything going on right now, like who doesn't?
Yeah, I also recently, well semi recently did Disney plus my gas group.
Yeah, like my sister's got you and then we share
her
account and then my mom got netflix and we share her account and then I've got prime video and Disney Plus and we share that. It's like, yeah, because why like why bother
especially especially given everything right now is like that one of the best I guess. Yeah.
of what you're using for it, like they're kind of a godsend in a way because they're so universal. You know the previous generations were great for for gaming but the newer ones aren't just naming
from
Yeah, exactly. And it's so I mean for lack of a
convenient,
but I mean it really is, you know, the conveniences such an overly used word in a lot of modern society, but that's one of the most convenient inventions. Um
Yeah, I was watching uh athlete a
Yeah, so did you watch it? Yeah. And uh so the part where they were talking to the former president uh nah sticks and he said that he invokes his uh
was like,
I was like, see like I support the fifth amendment, but there's a certain line because it's like maybe I just want to go and punch the guy. I'm like, seriously?
Yeah, and it's like but
he still but he still didn't do anything, he still
and
because I was with my mom actually, and because I was like, there's very few things in life that actually like inflicts like rage in me
and
yeah, and I was just like,
yeah, like those kinds of topics, I'm just like, Mhm. Like you here, you've heard rumors about that kind of stuff going on, like abusive coaches, whether physically emotionally, sexually whatever, you know that it happens at least because you know, that there's rumors about it and then, but when someone does like that, you know, in your face, like a documentary and proven like I felt a mix of emotions of like the rage of how the hell did they let it go so far? Like why would this whole organization
just yeah, like,
like it just pissed me off at the same time of having this overwhelming like happiness and sympathy for the victims because they were finally getting voice and you know, it, certain things like that were just like this guy deserves to be in jail just as much as the guys that were actually doing it because he helped let it happen and for decades, I mean it wasn't just, you know.
Yeah. Yeah. That was that was a relief because Michael, I mean it's maybe, but I mean maybe it's better than no, because that's what they were getting before because nobody was looking into it, you know? And I don't know, I think and hope that with all this sheltering that something good comes out of it, that may be as a species, we start respecting each other a little bit more
and
and start seeing people, you know, and it's like because we took
so much for granted. I mean I already think that to begin with, but even I took things for granted, you know? But I think
Yeah, exactly. I think it's ironic that I think that uh we realized so much on internet and social media to indicate with everybody we were buying it constantly computers, cell phones as everything. People are on it constantly. I mean I have well had not on social media much anymore but I had a really bad habit of I guess subconsciously belittling those have been like like who gets up and first thing they do is check facebook or twitter or whatever like who does that
you know? But
but I wasn't on it constantly, I wasn't the kind of person just like need to tweet everything out but but I didn't realize after a while I'm like I do I don't do much but I just thought I'll just be on it and scroll through but I
still
want
it.
Exactly. And you know there's still people like that but and but the funny thing is it like we took it for granted and then and the whole interacting like physical interaction with people, you
know, hanging out with friends and everything like especially the younger generation got to do it all the time, you know? And then I'm hoping that with all this crap going on that people finally
realize how much we took
because we do rely on technology and social media to keep in contact way too much and then we were suddenly forced to, you know, we had no choice. We couldn't go out and hang out with friends anymore in person.
Different.
I mean it was it was years ago but like my cousin and I we used to hang out all the time. I mean we were young but like I mean I remember the days where we just get in his car and go for a drive, why just to go for a drive
nowhere
in particular. But like the younger generation they still get to do that kind of stuff. But now like we're forced to be in solitude and we have to rely on technology to communicate. So I'm hoping that once all this stuff blows over the people suddenly realized how much they were taking for granted the whole we can see each other in person and we should do that more than constantly using technology. I hope
so. I mean one of, I don't know if you heard about it or looked about any of it up. Um But one of the things I came across a couple of months ago was a massive decrease in popular pollution.
I I saw a map like like L. A. And san Francisco specifically where it's like it was a noticeable drop in air pollution and it's like like that alone goes to prove how much we're doing to the planet
and you think like okay cool. Yeah and most people's first reaction would be that's what we're doing to the planet like yeah not just the planet but to us because we're also breathing crap in. You know it's
mm.
Yeah it's kind of the same standing I'm in is like there's there the cynical part of me that's like
what the newer generation take so
for granted.
But
yeah but there's the side of me that's hopeful when you see like like you said the ones that are taking affirmative
action
and not just
not just the protests but the actual like the ones that are
helping. It's like that even if it's the tiniest bit but that gives you that like glimmer of hope for
humanity again, it's like like please more of this. Well he
we
need
it.
Uh Sorry what?
Oh yeah. Adam yours
The future,
The night
before.
That's cool.
You
too.
me too. I hope everything continues going on a steady incline for you. You know? Getting better and everything.
Yeah, me too.
Oh yeah, that's the plan.