Yeah. Uh huh. Hi, can you hear me? What? Yeah what
question? What? Hi you hear me?
Uh huh. Oh looks like you can hear me
What? Oh good good good.
Well
okay okay great. Hold on one second because now I have something else open. Okay
great
how are you?
Pretty
good. Um I'm a little bit sleepy, I just woke up from a little nap
and
so
Yeah Well I actually slept slept for 12
hours straight last night. No.
Yeah I am Yeah I went to bed at like 10 45 and I woke up at almost 11 I was like wow. Mhm. How about one of the country when what part of the country are you in
Wisconsin?
I'm in austin texas.
It's actually um warm and it's a little hazy today a little bit. Um The skies aren't very clear but it's nice out.
Yeah I'd say it's comfortable. Um I used to live in Houston and it's not as hot as Houston
it's
called.
Oh, do you guys have um, central air conditioning in your homes?
That's why. Yeah.
So you have to sit with a fan on top of you?
Well,
where?
For drinks or just to like put on you?
Well here in texas, we don't ever have to experience it unless we're outside because we have central air and all our houses and apartments. So, You know, we, I mean I keep it at 72 in my apartment.
Yeah, but it was dry.
It really does. And I, I sweat a lot, so I hate that.
Stand it.
Yeah. That's a growth feeling.
you have any bodies of water near you that you could go jump into
around one?
Yeah
I'm not a big lake person um here in Austin, we have a lot of rivers And that's the thing to do and that's
what my family has been living here in Austin for years and years and so I've been coming over from Houston three or four times a year and we always go either to being down the river or you know we just go float somewhere or hiking or you know there's always some water to get into. You know we have the stupid pandemic right now so you know we're not doing any of that luckily um My friends and family and I were able to go to a church camp last weekend for my birthday and my sister's birthday, so everybody that went got tested the week before and we stayed away from people until the, until the weekend, so we felt pretty
safe.
Um and we were able to let you know, let our hair loose and just party and go swimming
in the pool
and
just have the
Uh really like taking a toll on, you know? Well everybody really
staying in anyway. Right,
Yeah.
Not at all.
What?
I agree
with.
Hi.
Yes, we needed it. And like I'm in a group of friends that includes like a lot of my family members. So like my mom and my brothers and my sisters, we pretty much all have the same friends. I know that sounds really weird, but we're just this little tribe and we go and like We just went overnight and it was literally just 30 minutes away from my apartment. But I felt like I was in another world. I was like, you know, I was just like, oh I never want to leave. And it was for a lot of the time we were there, it was like torrential downpour
in but we didn't care. We were out in it, we were like running around in the rain and like getting all in the mud
and you
know.
we
were
just like, yeah, even my little dogs were with me and
one
of my dogs, like he won't even go outside if he hears rain
if
I opened the door and he hears the rain downstairs, he's like looking at me like I'm not going out there, but just on sunday he was just soaking wet. Just loving it.
was so fun we
had.
Yeah. It did. It really, really did.
So you work from home? You work from home now?
Sounds like that. You're not happy about that.
or
my
Look,
But
but
about
Right.
No.
Who kind of work did you used to do?
No,
I don't know that.
No,
it's not, you know, it's not
you, it's people,
people
fucking
talk.
Well,
So you were having some agora phobia.
That's good.
because
this
is
working
Because this isn't treatment for phobias to get exposed. Yeah.
Yeah.
Any
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Well I have something similar that happened to me, like I am an alcoholic but I have quit drinking last year
and I moved to Austin and everything was great and I was staying with my mom for the first three months and then I got an apartment upstairs from her and like less than a month later the pandemics happened and I started drinking a little bit again. Um And I have since stopped, well I drank until my birthday weekend so I just stopped like two days ago. But I know
how
it feels like I know it feels to have started making strides forward and then have the pandemic be like oh no fuck you, you get to deal with this shit a little bit longer. Um and you know, so I mean it has been affecting people a lot in a lot of different ways. Um I just wish that all those stupid, I will not be muzzled, people will just, you know, have a little respect for their fellow human being and you know, just fucking mask on. So this can all be over sooner. The winner will, you
know, come
together.
It's
Don't scare me that much.
What?
People who couldn't get really sick and
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It goes both ways for sure.
Well, some people that have it um that don't know, they haven't.
I
don't,
So many.
Here.
Well, most of the people in my family were working from home, except for my brother in law and my sister, he works at whole foods as a manager and she's a manager
of a restaurant.
So,
so
there are lots of people, they wear masks all the time. Uh and luckily no one has contracted it yet, but I, my mom just had a heart attack last year and you know, I have high blood pressure and I'm overweight. So, you know, I'm at a higher risk for complications. And so I was like after my birthday and we come home, I'm just gonna go to the store once a week. And I also donate plasma and that's twice a week. But that's a medical setting and they take your temperature and everything. So that's like going to a doctor's office. Um So those are the only places I go to I get to work from home luckily. Um So I'm just really grateful that I have that available to me because I would just be scared to death if I had a job where I had to go be in front of people. I'm already scared of that as it is because I'm scared I'm going to cut somebody out that
hate people.
I
hated Problem black. Oh
Yeah. No it's Aunt jemima. Yeah.
I don't know about Mrs butterworth but
I know about
there's
a lot of
there's a lot of stuff that they're doing that isn't really what is needed.
I mean they're just little tiny things that they're doing for image purposes.
It
is.
Well
the second I don't think I don't think it's bad that they're doing it at all. But I don't think it's gonna be, what needs to be
done. There's way more that needs to be done systemically. That's not gonna, that's not really gonna do much,
but
it
is
something
that shouldn't
be done.
It's just like a micro a little micro action that isn't, you know, like I did a survey on prolific the other day about a Pepsi commercial and it's the Pepsi commercial or one of those gender girls gives the cops uh Pepsi while they're protesting. And I was like, this is so contrived and dumb. Like, like, I don't care, I don't give a fuck about the Kardashians
or the dinners or any of them and nothing they do influences me.
So um no, this commercial was stupid.
People.
Yeah. I don't do celebrity culture or any of that. Maybe in the past I did a lot more But I just turned 47 and I do not give a flying
fuck about those people.
Yeah. It really is.
I
mean
Yeah and I can't believe there's people who actually just send money to celebrities like words and stuff that have all this shit already. They just then they're good hard earned money and like oh I was watching this documentary about this um korean no it was a tie girl group but they had like hundreds of members in it and every year they would do like this ranking system you know people would call in to vote and it would cost money to vote and so they would like pick their favorite and then try to get as many people to vote for them as they could so they could make their managers money
basically.
It was the biggest
racket and then not only that but they were like destroying these poor girls. Sales is self esteem, be in a ranking system of against their friends and it was like the work.
Oh my God, I
felt so bad watching these poor girls
like
Excuse
me.
Yeah. You did something good
like you
were held for
the team
No, no,
I
know what you mean.
When the internet happened and everybody could, everybody could see everybody, everyone could be seen and like everyone could have a voice and you can talk to whoever you want to do.
I have netflix, prime video hulu and I use Prime Wire to watch other shit.
I have, well, I don't have Disney Plus, but my friend does and I have a log in.
Thank
you.
No, I don't pay for any of them. Actually. I'm on my mom's Prime, my sister's netflix, my friends Disney Plus. And I gotta tell you through Spotify for free. I know I'm
yeah, I got an Xbox for the first time in my whole life. I've never owned my own gaming console and I never played games since I was a teenager and then I was like, my brother plays G to all the time and I wanted to play games with him. So I bought an Xbox, but we've never played G ta together though. One of
Oh no, I use an Xbox to have um I have my netflix, my prime video. Everything I watch on those
is on my Xbox. I love it.
And
you. Yeah.
They're really yeah.
Oh yeah, that's all that.
yeah,
that part.
Yeah. And then when the guy said, and then when the guy said, I respect your right to invoke the Fifth Amendment, it was like, but don't you think you have a responsibility and you see the guy just crumbled. It was like our watch people die inside
our
Yeah. What a fucking
pussy.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That pissed me off too. I
started screaming at him
fucking myself, screaming at the tv. I was like fucking piece of shit.
For money.
Money.
Well you know at the end of the, at the end of it they said he's under investigation so hopefully he's gonna go to jail too.
I hope so
too.
No.
community was the most important thing right now. The build community.
Me
I
I used
to be
on it
way more. I used to spend hours and hours on facebook. Um I've never done twitter, it's never been my thing, I've never done instagram, I'm just on facebook and reddit and I would spend hours on facebook and I would post every fucking thing and now I do go on their first thing in the morning just to look. Um But I put it down and I don't have to post everything. Like I posted one picture for my birthday, just one and I have my phone in the cabin the whole time. I didn't even care about my phone. Um But I do get up and look at my facebook every morning, I just look at it for a minute you know like but I don't I don't I don't feel the need to tell everybody what I'm doing all the time.
correct.
true.
How important that is. Yeah.
I would have been driving back and forth to Houston almost every other weekend to go visit my friends. You know I would be the river going to my sister's house. It's called cat Borders. Um You know we just like always hang out there, but we
can't do any of that shit, like have a backyard dinner party next weekend where we're going to sit six ft apart with masks on horrible,
this
one
absolutely.
yes, yes, I've heard of it,
Absolutely, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, I'm with you, I really hope something good comes out of it. I hope um
you know, I hope trump is not the president in november and hopefully we can start healing. Um And I have faith in these young people, some of the young people in our little friends group, they're really amazing and they do amazing, amazing stuff, like they're going out being street medics for the protest downtown and um organizing, getting involved with Democratic socialists of America and like organizing the community and like, I mean they're way smarter than I am and so I'm just like so happy to have them in my life and like, you know, we all these little chats on telegram and some of them are political and some of them are about the protests and so I get to learn so much from them because they have so much knowledge that I don't have because I come from a totally different generation. Um and so you know, it's just really hopeful. I'm I'm halfway hopeful and halfway cynical just because you know, I've been around a lot hopefully. Um you know, we're not as beat down as we think we are and we can rise like a phoenix out of the zappa's.
What?
No, I don't,
I don't know.
Yeah. But no, don't get them off yet.
I'm
looking
it.
Doing
talent.
Hey, I
never
got
your name.
I never got your name.
Album. I'm Cindy. Hi. Well
we've been over to uh for 37 minutes. Yeah. Um I have to work at
three
and so we have to do this survey afterwards so I'm gonna I would keep talking if I didn't have to work at three but I have to walk three.
Um But it was so nice to talk to you.
I'm
so glad I got to. I hope everything works out for you.
Yes. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. I really enjoyed with you today.
Get a good rest of your day and try to stay cool. All right.
Yeah. All right. Bye.