Uh huh. Hi, how's it going?
I can set a timer on my phone. Have you done one of these before?
Thank you
earlier.
Yeah, I've had to that um that
happened to, so I have
a time rap. What's your name
are
you from? Okay. I'm a list. I'm from pennsylvania so pretty far.
for sure. You said you've done two of these before.
I think I've signed up. They've done this like three times that I've seen that I signed up for. It's
just good.
But I've had to, well where no one showed up and it's like it stinks better.
Exactly. How's Covid where you are?
I'm sure. Yeah. My little brother went to Ohio State. I don't know if you guys like do anything with them, but yeah, he was like feeling similar. So are you able to be like living there and everything right now?
The
package.
And
you're doing the classes? Yeah, I teach free K. So I was like curious kind of how your school was handling it.
Your
labs
and stuff. Right? I think that's what he was saying.
joe.
They
have
to be
there.
We are.
that makes sense. Gotcha. Yeah,
I think they're saying that they're going to put out new rules on monday. That's what the news is saying, like new restrictions, I'm assuming like they'll shut all the restaurants down again. Um It's pretty restricted
here already, like masks everywhere. Um So we'll say, I don't know, it's going to be a restaurant right now. Crystal
that's
I've heard of it. I don't think
there's anything, you
know? Uh
That's
crazy. Yeah, you don't have a lot of people there, you're just like kind of handing it all out, so that's like a good aspect of it.
it's like door dash now, isn't like what they're doing to. Yeah.
interesting. Yes. Now with weird. Yeah, I'm a pre k teacher so like our schools are like on and off constantly, so right now I have some kids that are virtual and then half that are on site, but like the virtual ones, they're like so little, it's, I don't know, kind of a joke, but it's
tough.
What are you going to school for?
It works out for you. Yeah,
I'm sure it's doable.
that works out. Are you doing like internships or anything that you're like able
to do? Are they all like kind of,
you can probably do it. My friend just did an internship, She's in grad school like Harvard I think and she just did one over um like zoom like at home. So I guess they're doing, I'm
It's
like okay.
And you record yourself.
Yeah. No, it's how they are able to
be at school and everything.
That's tough. I can't imagine being in school and dealing with all of this. When do you
graduate?
I don't see it happening
within a year. Yeah, we'll
vaccine.
It
would be nice.
definitely.
papers
like.
no, for sure. Um I was supposed to have my wedding with my fiance in um september and we had to move that a bunch of times. That was definitely not fun, like the major events like missing them.
So hopefully by the time we do it in june it will be like a little better. But who knows?
Forward.
What
are you
doing?
Okay.
That's crazy. It didn't even things like I've heard a lot of schools are like not they're doing a whole, I guess this brings next semester is entirely virtual because they don't want like everybody coming home with Covid and are like coming back to school from home with Covid. I
don't
know.
was with us too. Yeah.
No,
Yeah. I have a friend that goes Harvard, he's like doesn't need to be there at all, but she locked into her least. But I think it was like a week before the pandemic started. She said it was like really bad timing. I can't imagine. Yeah. Hopefully like you're getting discounts or something from school.
I
think my brother said the thing, he didn't get
one.
It doesn't
add up.
I think my brother literally was like through the same situation. He thought he was getting one for sure. And then he said he was in like with whatever category that they exempted from it.
You
got
what you needed to. You would think that they wouldn't take you out. Yeah.
polite
talk.
definitely. Well, that's good. At least. Better thing I guess. Yeah. I just wonder what's going to happen if we like shut down again. They're saying it's all the numbers are the numbers spiking where you are well,
now.
think I've heard that. Yeah.
You guys? I think I actually
heard that on the
news.
that's
good.
Were they in the beginning?
can
you
hear
That's crazy And you guys still like
how are you? You said it's like masks everywhere now.
No.
Eight
I
mad.
I mean uh
for the people at stores that have to stand at the front and like yell at the people not wearing masks
it's a
tough
no and that's like her job
like she doesn't
I know
people are going nuts because they're quarantined I guess. Yeah I've seen like I've seen just like I think at Home Depot one day um there was someone like screaming at the front guy and I was like it's just like I don't know it would really stick to be in that job right now.
I know definitely. My kids surprisingly are like so good with the mask. They're like so used to it. I think it's like the little kids are really good at it. But then like once they get a little bigger they're a little more disrespectful and like character very but my kids
are like really they're like awesome. They just listen to what they're told and we're at the whole time.
like
tonight.
I don't I feel like I don't
know your
side.
I don't know. That's tough. Yeah.
I feel like the C. D. C. Or whatever. It has like guidelines for each um like employment place like schools, their stores and restaurants. I'm like waiting to see what these new restrictions are gonna be. Have
a lot of like places closed near you. Like small businesses and stuff like that.
Just
yeah they've been corporate places.
Yeah. Have you been like going out and everything like the weights? Like I've been to some restaurants that are
completely like I guess sporadic seating around everywhere for like 6ft apart. But then I've been to some restaurants that definitely didn't follow that. So I'm wondering like how many are breaking the rules and I guess like what are
the rules?
O. G. Is.
I'm
Yeah. If they're just like completely ignoring the rules.
Oh I'm surprised they didn't like shut them down.
Shut
them down.
She's that's crazy. Huh? Yeah. It's been a year for sure.
Yeah. Do you do a lot of surveys on
prolific?
Like
of them. Yeah.
Crisis.
Oh yeah. That's what I do when I'm at work. And I have, I've been doing it since I think um like the beginning of quarantine, like april ish. Um But it's definitely cool.
Um responded. It's like a good one. That one's like individual studies, but they're like really high paying, but it's like harder to get them. Uh Because like, I feel like the best one, how it like screens for you. Do you use like any other websites? Yeah.
I was gonna say that's where I've used Reddit,
that's how it's
not miss.
Yeah.
I
think
I was
like, um I saw like a Tiktok video one day of the respondent one. And then once I was like doing that one, I looked up more and like this one came up there's like a ton of apps and stuff like quit me or something like that. Q. M. E. Um But you have to take all those like pre screener things and you like don't get half of them. I don't know. It's like tedious. Yeah.
No. Yeah it's worth it for sure. Um I know like the responded ones. Um I have one that's like sending me like oral care products right now and you like write them but they're like I think it's like eight weeks long. Um but I ended up paying like over $600 or $700 by the end of it. So I like the ones that like like this one even like lasts a while. Yeah
I
think
this is like the third
time I've gotten like I guess they do like rounds of these. This is like third round I've been in.
Fuck
that's
I
would definitely
do
that.
like not much.
There's
a random stuff that'll pop up like I've done like a $15 1. Those are like but they're like rare with the browser extension on your computer. Yeah.
I know you have to be quick, definitely. Someone that I was talking to on here the one day said that there used to be like an app that would send your phone notifications before they made the browser extension. I wish they still had that.
I
think
you can like
change the intervals of like how long it takes a rush.
I was at the lowest one. Yeah, I remember
playing with it one day.
You
guys like
a ton of throughout the day.
I
think
it's possible.
really? I feel like
Tuesday.
I feel like there's never any on friday mm
we
just
started.
Good.
interesting,
keep
coming.
But
I have some really bonuses I don't know which is cool, but it's definitely worth just like the extra time for sure.
I got a
And then even like when I first started it was all covid related. Covid was like new at that point, so there was a million. I know it's gonna be weird to not get the election ones. I know, I feel like, yeah, I mean I haven't obviously checked a lot today. Are there like any on the weekends? I feel like I randomly get one or 2.
definitely. That is money. Yeah.
Are you like in, I guess you're in the city, are you in the city
where you're at?
I was gonna say have there been like protests and stuff where you're at
because I'm like right outside of Philly and there's been a ton going on.
Yeah. I like the black lives matter especially.
gosh.
Yeah. How far are you from Chicago?
That's
crazy.
I don't
know.
So he probably heard all of it out his window.
no.
Yeah, gee is that scary for sure. Um I'm like right outside of Philly but I have friends that live like in Philly and they were saying like all the stores like target was done and boarded up by like three o'clock I think at one point. But like swat team and everything had like the National Guard had to come in. It was really, really bad right in the city.
Oh I am sure that's true. Yeah. We don't have anything like that around like new york. But no, that's crazy. Uh No. And then I feel like it's not gonna end this election with like the trump and saying everyone's cheating like it's going to be a mess for until january,
Defin. Alright my timer just went off for 25 minutes.
All