Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Hello?
Good, how are you? I
have I don't want
I tried to do to the first
one. No one showed up so
I
I'm
Jacob, what's
your name? Uh
The last person I talked to he was from one island so definitely get people all over. It seems like the uh
Yeah I mean the one the one that no one showed up to, but then the one uh that was the guy from Long Island. Yeah.
I
guess this type of anyway.
Well at least you got one now. Uh
I'm in school so I go to Illinois State University and so it's it's interesting down here. It's not because the Illinois state University is like we're like in the middle of Illinois, kind of halfway between Chicago and ST louis Chicago. It's not that bad. But there's definitely some dumb college kids.
I mean
I'm
like have an apartment and I'm not like in the or
anything.
we're entirely online, at least at this point in the semester, like at the beginning of the semester, they wanted to have some classes whether you would still like go in and do stuff. But
all of my classes,
I'm
not sure because every single one of my classes are online. And then
my girlfriend, she's also, all of her classes have been online, but her roommate, because there like theater majors. So one of their classes that is required is um called stage combat, I think. So that's like a physical class. So
I know
that
they
had that
one. Yeah, that one's in person, but I think the way they did it was like reduced the class size and I'm like had some people on like say monday and then other people go on Wednesday, like stuff like that.
But
But
I would get a like do delivery
at it from like a, I don't know if you guys have jimmy john's over there, but
sandwich
story.
like do delivery there. But so like it's never like the delivery places and stuff like that have been considered like essential
the entire time. So it's like,
just drive around and leave it at their door. But
a lot of places have just switched to leaving stuff at the door instead of like waiting to hand it off a cash payment. But even then it hasn't happened recently. Been closer to the beginning of everything. I had some deliveries where they'd be like cash payments and leaving it at the door and they just like leave an envelope with the cash or something like that outside. So it's like Ok. Yeah.
I
mean
cybersecurity. Yeah. So I mean with that as my major, I think online classes anyways, it's not like as bad as it could be
Everything
is computer centric anyway. So
hoping
to
I've applied to a couple I know towards the like beginning of the semester, a lot of places we're talking about maybe not doing their internships next year or like back on them and stuff like that so kind of worried me. But I've done like some online, like not even zoom like a virtual interviews where it's like a video
of just like prompts
and I I
myself, yes, I've done like some of that and I've just been submitting resumes and waiting to hear back kind of, but
write
it
up
probably either next fall or the spring after that. It depends on if I do end up getting an internship because like, because if I don't get an internship that I have to take extra classes, so depending on that one, I might be able to graduate in the fall, but I don't know if I would want to graduate in the fall because at that point, I'm not sure if they would be doing like an intern in in person graduation, because it's not like it's not going to happen this fall, it's probably not going to happen in the spring. So I don't know if
I'm right,
and
I mean it's not like that important
to me to have that, but it would be definitely
experience, you know,
it, especially if that's like one of the first big things
I do,
like after Covid kind of, I think that would just make it even just even better.
up.
And I just had to uh I just I was supposed to initially go up for thanksgiving to see my mom and we had to cancel that because she's
she's got a bunch of health issues and so does her boyfriend and it's like, like probably not going to be able to do it this year. And so I was like, all right, I'll go see my bed instead. I was planning to hopefully see both because that's what I usually do because they've been separated uh And then but he lives in Chicago
and then
he
has a girlfriend who also has a son, and then I have a sister
and they're all in Chicago and he's like, I'm not even inviting them over. He's like, I don't really want to risk all that. So.
I mean one
of the
problems though, it was like at least for in a college town like ours. I don't know how it is. Other places you have to sign if you're not living on campus, if you're living in an apartment, you have to sign like a year ahead to actually get somewhere half decent. And so before,
before Covid happened, we already signed for apartments and then everything happened there. Like it's online. It's like, well, I'd rather Not be paying to live down here if I don't
have to, but we're all locked into our leases now. So.
I mean like the is weird the stimulus check. I like the one stimulus check that they did, it didn't apply if you're a student under the age of 25. I think it was because I'm
like,
I
didn't get one, but like I've been filing independently for like three years and like I'm 22. So like, I was like, I should get one and I was like waiting for it. Like it's probably just late, right? And then like after a while I like looked like looked
deeper
and I found that I was really disappointed.
It's like just a really arbitrary category just in the middle
of it
all.
I mean they they do have like, I don't know. I think most schools there's like a covid grant because the government
did still like send out
money to schools, but it's like a $500 here. And so like I would have preferred 1200 instead of five.
They've been they've been spiking for awhile. I like, I don't know if you've seen if you have like an iphone like on Apple news, they have their own kind of like map of everything. It's
like get that every now and then and Illinois's but like one of the top like increases for
But
it's like
it's
weird though because I feel like at
least
closer to twist at the beginning of everything, Illinois was like one of the more strict like there were more strict with like the rules with like masks and everything and
we were, it was pretty, I mean I had to drive around when I was delivering and like may or june I had around like a piece of paper that said that I worked for like an essential service if I was like going to work, if I was coming home from work and I didn't have like the big sign my car. So
if I did
get
like that's what I was doing, they would have the
But
I mean pretty much, yeah, I know my girlfriend worked at a grocery store and because we are in we're in like the middle of Illinois, so there's a lot of rural areas around us. So there's
like Chicago is like super democratic and then it's very republican and everywhere else in Illinois, so there are people just like refused to wear the masks
or like the like taunt you if you're wearing
masks and
stuff like that,
whatever. But
my girlfriend,
like
someone over the summer like pretended took off on her because she told them they were supposed to be wearing a mask. It's like,
it's
like it's also like a grown man, like what are you doing
with?
I haven't had any any situations that have been too bad at my job related to that, but happy happy to not have to deal with.
with.
Yeah, I mean I just if I'm like, I don't know, I think a lot of people at my work because well I mean we have to wear the masks like when we're in our store and when we're making the food and all that. But I don't I don't know if it's technically required because like
we're driving
to the delivery, I don't know if it's required at that point. Like when we're in our car from the store to the customer's house because I don't wear my I keep my I
don't
think anyone
else does that. I work with, I think I'll take it off, but
with
And
actually my girlfriend and I we went to, we did like a little bit grocery shopping today and then she wanted to stop somewhere to get some food, like go through the drive through and they shut down. So I think a couple of places I've been shutting down, but a lot of places I think a lot
of what is around here is like chains and stuff like that. Not so much, like
lot of them have been saying they've just been fine
with.
I
know I mean everywhere I've been they've got like signs of saying don't sit at this table or go to the next like where they like spaced out every other table or something like that. I've only eaten in somewhere once. And it was it was pretty spaced out when we went there. I do know that at the beginning of the pandemic there was right next to the place that I work is like a smoked up. Uh They weren't considered essential but they kept doing business.
They had to get like like the it's like there's like two of them I think in the town and so like one of them got caught and then like two days later they came for the other ones. They're like, these guys
are open. Yeah.
They got shut down. But they're, I mean they're back open now because
you
know,
I think it was just like if you don't stop doing business right now, you're going to get fined and something like a little stop. Yeah.
It's Yeah,
I
do. Well, so I just got into it probably like two weeks ago. So I think I've done 7080
something because
I mean I'm at my computer anyways with classes or whatever, so I just got to go back and if something pops up, I just
do it really quick. So
do you do any other like websites that are similar?
no. I was just kind of, I don't know if you need to read it before.
That's
That's
father. Yeah.
I've
just
been
like,
there's like a, it's like called Beer Money. They read it and they're like, their whole thing is just like posting up and like about websites or you can make a little extra money and stuff like that prolific. And then like, I think there's one for like games which is like g to you, I think, and I think I've seen down there and so like, you can find different websites to do like different things, whatever you want to spend your time doing to make a little money. But
that's
pretty
good.
But
I've found anything too crazy and prolific with my experience. Something like, like obviously like this video thing. And then I think there's one other study that I'll end up, it's like every day for like 12 days. I just go in and I think it's like, uh like to see how creative I am finding creative solutions for something. So I just, it's like a two or three minute thing every day.
I think I'll end up getting like
$15. But
that's
like
other
than that everything I found on prolific, it's like maybe like $2 at most but
it's like it's all like quick stuff so it's like it's
fine.
I usually usually whenever something pops up there, I'm too slowly. Yeah.
I wish I was looking at the browser extension and it's like the refresh refreshes every minute or something. I was like
trying
to find
way
I think the lowest amount of time is a minute. So I was like trying to find a way to get it to go lower because
I think so.
I was trying to look to see if I can do it to do it faster to try
to
notification.
During
the week.
This last
week I got like 10 on Tuesday and like eight on Wednesday.
Like
nothing any other day. It was like I was like yeah
I think I started on a friday and it was like I got a bunch but I don't know if that was just because like I just made the account and
they're like
here
just like throwing me a bone or whatever. But I didn't see someone, someone was saying like They only do the higher paying ones because if you do a bunch
he's like it slows down for you or something like that. But I don't know. I don't know how. Yeah so they were like I don't they're saying I don't do like the small ones like the fast ones but they're only like 10 cents or something like that. He's like I don't do those. I do the ones that are like a dollar or more just
to make sure that they get
more that are
high
quality.
I just do whatever pops up that I'm able to pretty much. There are also a bunch. I think another reason I was getting a bunch when I first started was because it was like the week before the election and like
they were they were all like election related. It
I haven't gotten too many this weekend. At least I've been I've had it open and I think I've heard it like pop up a couple of times like with the extension. I've heard it like one or two come up but I've been busy but I haven't seen. I think I think I might have done one. Uh
Also been not like at my computer as much as during the weekend say this week.
it's
more of like a suburban kind of atmosphere and say it's a two cities but they're like mostly college kids, it's
you're
not related to the election.
There was there was some black lives matter. I think there was like a protest and then someone actually ended up at like one of the gatherings. I think someone drove their motorcycle into the crowd. So
that happened uh And like when everything was kind of starting to like ramp up with that, I think a lot of places were like boarding up but nothing too major happened around here, Chicago got pretty bad though. But
about two hours. My dad, my dad lives like on the north side of Chicago, so he's up there and actually when it was all happening I was like looking at the news and I've seen pictures, there was like a picture of like an upside down police car and stuff like that. And I was like
looking
at it and in the background I saw like a store that's right down the street from my dad's house.
And
apparently,
he was like, I was talking to him like when it was happening kind of and he was like, he was like saying, I hope they don't come here. And I was like looking at some like article and it showed like the intended path of the protesters like where they were going and it was like two blocks away from him. I was like,
I was like, you better watch out tonight like
I don't know. I don't know if the National Guard came to Chicago or not, but it was pretty bad because in Chicago there's like the trump tower, I'd assumed that that was a pretty big place for them to go.
we'll keep we'll keep it up for sure.
All
right. Sounds good.