SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Okay. Okay. Talk to you because Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Oh Oh, what the fuck? Mhm Mhm Yeah. Mom. Okay. Mhm Right Oh, sorry, once let
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: me go go, I'm not sure. Didn't show up. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I can't see you at all.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, just one second, ma'am. I forgot about this, then woke up in a panic.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh my God like and then it's like well nervous I couldn't get my gear and find it mm
SPEAKER_L: Here we go. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see you. I did the same thing. I'm up at 5 30 every morning but I got interested in the movie last night and I didn't get to bed till two so I turned off my alarm and then it's like I'm Jody, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm taylor nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: You too? Oh that's good. That's funny that we both kind of forgot about it.
SPEAKER_L: And one of those weekends, I have a super long double shift at work
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: yesterday, so I was exhausted.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh yes and you're probably thinking oh I don't want to do this this morning?
SPEAKER_L: I'm hungry coming up kind of on time though and I wasn't on for that much longer before you popped in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you in um nurse or nurse or doctor?
SPEAKER_L: No, I actually, I'm still in school, I'm going to be a teacher, but I work at a grocery store right now. Um So
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: I imagine with Covid it's been a little bit crazy.
SPEAKER_R: You know where are you? At what stage? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So it's and I'm pretty close to Indianapolis which is shutting down again, so it's been
SPEAKER_R: Is it?
SPEAKER_L: us.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. See I'm in michigan so we're not too far away from each other and yesterday I don't know what was going on I mean. Mhm. You know it took a little side road that you usually take to get to Myers and I sat there to get on the main road for like 10 minutes and people are like you know like why aren't you moving um people trying to get out of the bank, you know just stopped dead. So I got on to finally got onto the main highway and traffic was just backed up like I've never seen during that time of day that it was and stuff finally it starts moving and then I get it stops right in the middle of the highway and there I sat and it's like uh not good not good not good. Couldn't get anywhere what is going on? So I think people are freaking out again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I definitely we are
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: having
SPEAKER_R: are you doing
SPEAKER_L: food fly off of ourselves right now. People are so rude. It's just been, it's often I can understand the panic, like I think that there's been a lot of here that's going to kind of seeking in the last month or so over the last couple of weeks. But also I feel like if your panic buying food, you're not leaving enough for everybody else and I think
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's just so
SPEAKER_R: You know, I don't get it either if everybody would just shop as normal and it can't find beans or whatever. Well you don't eat things that week. No, I mean I I feel the same way and people are so they're rude, they're obnoxious there and it's like why what's up with this? You know? I don't think I've ever thought that we would see this kind of panic in the United States.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I'm only 23 so it's been I haven't
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: had that much experience. But I also I didn't really see this coming and I never really thought that I would see it coming. Um Maybe just lifetime, but not during this time of my life.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I don't know, I I've never seen this kind of illness or anything in my lifetime either, but I've seen the United States go through a lot of ups and downs and but never this kind of mentality on it, it was always will survive. Like even with that, I don't remember what it was, where they thought when the clocks are going to switch over to two point, remember the more I used to my daughter and me both, we took good care of the elderly ladies um cat when she was gone. So she was kind of starting to you know, save a few things, but just normal like let her make sure I got a little bit extra toilet paper and you know, just like normal eating. It wasn't any, this is just unreal to
SPEAKER_L: Make
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: social media really does kind of exasperated. All I feel like if there wasn't that aspect people would not because I feel like people egg each other on a little bit
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I think you're right. Oh guess what I got today and oh I couldn't, you know, fine. I think the biggest thing for me was the toilet paper issue when it first started.
SPEAKER_L: well and my my parents, I'm living with them right now, I'm finishing up school. They even stocked up and they're like what are we gonna do with all this toilet paper we
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the rest of the year and would be fine.
SPEAKER_R: And so people aren't stocking on it now by you so much
SPEAKER_L: No, no.
SPEAKER_R: darting again. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: store personally bought in stock but I know like in the heart of Indianapolis they're not finding it as easily anymore. Sitting with like it's just infecting wipes the cleaning sprays that's all flying off. So it's like starting in Indianapolis.
SPEAKER_R: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Really moving out to the suburbs right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See that's what I think is going to start happening here too. We're in kind of like a little, it's a little town, but a big town, I don't know, it's hard to explain. We're close to Grand Rapids if you know anything, but like a you know, maybe 20 miles from their 25. But it's uh mainly how do I word this tactfully a lot of rich people here that live in this little lakeshore communities and the surrounding and they're mean, they're just playing me because they're used to getting their way, you know, it's like you think don't get me on the ankles with your basket please. That's terrible to say. But what it is,
SPEAKER_L: It is.
SPEAKER_R: that's where we live, but other than that what you're going to school for.
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to school to be a secondary english education teacher. So my last master classes,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'll be student teaching next semester. Um But all the schools in my area are starting to go back to online, so I'm feeling very nervous.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, a little bit, I worked for the school systems for the last 10 years, but I wasn't in teaching, I was in the um while I've worked transportation and maintenance and I quit just before Colvin started because we moved. It wasn't that far away but it was far enough that you know I kind of got into the system before too late because it's hard to explain. But their unions, I don't know if they are by you with their unions here and all of that and I was paying into a pension I would never ever ever get because you had to have so many hours to qualify a year and you couldn't hit it unless you had a full time like position that was 40 hours a week, at least 12 months out of the year. You can't hit it. So finally I thought you know what this isn't even worth it because I'm paying for everybody's pension, I'll never never get one, you know. So I finally thought, no, it's time to move on, but to see those schools shut down like that, I couldn't believe it happened. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I just feel like there's not really a good solution right now.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I think they're students are struggling so much fully virtual and we see like rising abuse rights with the virtual,
SPEAKER_R: What happened?
SPEAKER_L: but with the the fully in person we have like I I'm a substitute teacher right now also. Um Well, I'm taking classes and working at the grocery store and when I was substituting on thursday, literally, almost three quarters of my classes were gone because they're quarantining anybody who has been in contact with somebody who's tested positive. So so many people in the schools are gone and they have way more teachers who need subs than we have subs to fulfill. So I I think we are like, my school corporation was probably going to move to virtual within the next couple of months. It's it's just crazy. There is not a good solution and we don't want like we've already seen um are like testing numbers
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: suffer um for our Children, they're already going down from last May to this fall, her last spring to this fall, so just a couple of years I think to recuperate these losses.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh man. You know, you're kind of cutting out here for some reason. Can you still hear me? Okay?
SPEAKER_L: I can still hear it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I lost you. I don't know if you can hear me? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I just can't see you. Okay. Um I home school, my son, but I also had helped through the church because they had like a home schooling program, but this was like, you know, 25 years ago and he was the type that needed that. And it worked out really, really well. But not all kids are have the personalities for that and they're not as um they've just been thrown into this. It hasn't been a decision they they and their family wanted to make and I think that doesn't help.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that the kids that are really going to do well in the virtual learning are they have a lot of like intrinsic motivation and they don't need other people hounding them to do their work or to get onto their classes and we're just not seeing that right now.
SPEAKER_R: right. I see you now again.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's good. But um yeah, I just feel like because of the circumstances, it's just not been good for really pretty much anybody.
SPEAKER_R: Right now do you think that, I don't know I'm just to the point I don't even follow the numbers any, I mean I hear them but I don't go online and specifically look at everything. But do you think opening up the schools is part of what made this start all over again?
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: don't know. I know my district personally, which is the only one that I really
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: followed our
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: numbers. We don't have kids getting sick from other kids in school, which we've learned through the contract tracing. Our kids are getting sick outside of school. Ah And then we're not seeing that many people once they've all been quarantined through the context tracing, actually developing covid. So I know. So that's just my district. So we're not really seeing a lot of covid starting in the schools, but I'm sure there are other districts that they probably are, that maybe
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: you don't
SPEAKER_R: big
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: picture.
SPEAKER_L: any measures or the kids aren't wearing masks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know by us in in our like where we live, I can't say all of michigan but I mean I know they're wearing masks, you can't go anywhere. Like sometimes I'll jump out of the car and forget to put my mask on and then you see someone is like, and then you got to walk back and get it. You know, everybody wears a mask. I don't think there is very, very, very few that I see people not wearing them here. I worked through the last covid um when it first started, I was a front liner and I work, we worked um, it's like, uh, it's called a commentary where we make food for all the restaurants, all of the stores, all of, you know, and we're like elbow to elbow, it's just no getting around it and you're reaching and you're working up in someone's face almost all day long and they didn't have you wear masks at first because nobody really realized this thing was gonna blow out like it did. So I would say the first like two or 2, 2.5 months, we were just working as normal and none of us got sick, not one person in that factory, so it's like, okay, and then we started wearing masks and then it was a real pain because our glasses would fog up everything. But no, that's just a different story. But I think why are some people catching it and others not because I mean, we were elbow to elbow you you reach over and touch someone. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: It really is crazy. My mom actually caught it in May
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: um And I'm one of five kids and then my dad lives in the house to none of the rest of us caught it. My sister, we think had an early about of it in january. Um Nobody else in the house caught it either, which we weren't really like, we weren't wearing masks in the house, we were still
SPEAKER_R: Nothing
SPEAKER_L: talking,
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: so it's just kind of crazy um the way that it does affect some people and really does not affect others,
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if it's your immune system. I mean, like, maybe people have a weaker immune system or something.
SPEAKER_L: We're not really sure. My dad has diabetes, so he is like immuno compromised, but he been perfectly fine throughout it all. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do too. And so is my daughter and we've been fine, so it's like,
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I wish that there was more knowledge that we had, but obviously it's so new
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: that it's hard to like gathering about knowledge and gain that knowledge, but it's just
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: so interesting and so different the way that it is working.
SPEAKER_R: there's so many questions that can't be answered right now with it, and that's I think what's maddening about the whole thing too, you know, I don't know, but how it's I mean, a lot of us could just be carriers to without even having any symptoms, we don't know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: feel like that's kind of why the masks are a little bit important um Or at least why I like tell my customers who are like why are you wearing a mask? You're just spreading the fear. Um But the math, so I think you don't protect you really, they are just protecting the people around jail and I feel like that's like like it's an inconvenience but at the very least it makes me feel like I'm doing a little bit of a part in helping because and I could be asymptomatic and I see so many people a day when I'm working at the grocery store at the school. I just feel like it's better to have even a false sense of mind or a false sense of peace of mind.
SPEAKER_R: Right, Yeah, and if everybody wears one and everybody's projecting everybody, so it's, you know, it makes sense, But anyway, Winners coming. We're all going to be sitting there wearing masks anyway, happen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Make my face a little bit warmer
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: anyways don't,
SPEAKER_R: got it, you got it. But, you know, I don't know, it's just it's just maddening. I don't know, I don't know what you think, but I think we're just spiraling into the end times. I mean, it's just going to all line up then, it's just part of all of it. It's all the big picture here and we're just seeing what we've never seen before.
SPEAKER_L: It's definitely crossed my mind a couple of times. It just feels like the last, pretty much like the last 20 years I want to say has event after event after event and I know what comes after this, but I feel like it will be worse, which is like, but I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: will be worse,
SPEAKER_L: we've been trending towards,
SPEAKER_R: yep. I guess we're, what we say in birth pains right now, if you think of what we're going, this is nothing nothing compared to what is going to be happening, you know? And I don't know. And then have you followed any of the um I haven't because I just I don't know why maybe I'm in denial. Have you followed anything with the elections since the biden was?
SPEAKER_L: I've looked into it a little bit just because um like I'm pretty neutral towards both of them. I don't really like either of them. I did felt um just because I feel like it's my civic duty, but I was not going to be devastated if either of them one. So I have looked a little bit into it, especially since trump has been like threatening all these lawsuits and he's actually like pushed a couple of lawsuits forward um and I watched like joe and kamala speeches and stuff like that, but for the most part I've tried to stay kind of a step back just because I don't like I'm not the kind of person who is going to get super political on facebook or my relationship like that just because I don't like as a teacher, I'm not going to be able to be political and I feel like it's good
SPEAKER_R: In that,
SPEAKER_L: for myself.
SPEAKER_R: right? Yeah. I don't I would never do any of that stuff either, you know, But when I heard at first and I've never been the type even, you know, it's like, okay, this is who I like and this is probably no, but this one this time really hits the heart of me. You know, I'm thinking why at the beginning did they find, well first mailing ballots I guess we're in the middle of epidemic or pandemic or however you say it, but my husband died along horrible death because he had lung disease. And even for him to get a mail in ballot at the time you have to jump hoops you to get doctors to sign off that yeah you can't be around people and you know everything else. And so he voted that way for the last five years of his life and all of a sudden they got mallon ballots because of this pandemic and no strings attached whoever you are you can you know and I that was a big red flag for me right then and there.
SPEAKER_L: I do think it's a thing that trump has demonized the mail in ballots when he actually, if you look at his voter registration, he submitted a mail in ballot.
SPEAKER_R: Did he? Yeah. And I don't know I just know how tough it was before. And so but anyway were they said in the news they found all of those um bags of ballots from overseas that had been sending here from the troops that were in a bitch, you know, and different things and it's like I can see where people would think that maybe there was a little bit of, you know, not not up and up on it I guess, you know, But it is what it is and there's nothing we can do to change it, but it's still it's just kind of iffy. But I think the mail and thing was my biggest thing only because of what I went through with my husband and how hard it was to get it, get it to begin with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. I think it's tough. I do think that we should have more accessibility within our elections and I appreciate the fact that mail in ballots allowed that accessibility. And I I empathize with the fact that it was so hard for your husband to go through that. But I feel like that's more of an issue with the system. Like we should not have had all of those hoops to jump through. And I think that we need to put systems into place now that are going to make it more accessible while also making sure that it's being um treated with the same 60 that in person voting isn't going through the same level of just like making sure that it's all correct and going perhaps
SPEAKER_R: So legit.
SPEAKER_L: it's it could be a good option, especially if, you know more things like Covid continued to somehow pop up. Um I just think that we need to plan for it better and explain it better and have a set
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: of steps in place to make sure that people can't even, you know, make the accusation that there has been fraud. We need to make sure that we I've kind of covered all of those basics.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, and I think it was just all thrown in so quick that everybody's like, geez, you know, so it's like uh it has definitely been an unprecedented year for a lot of things for us.
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, and I can't even imagine the turmoil you're going through right now because you chose to be a teacher and now here you are, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm I'm so nervous for the next six months, but at least at the end of it, I'll have my degree and I will hopefully be able to find a job I'm planning on moving in May, which is another kind of scary thing on top of everything else going on, but I think it'll be it'll be okay.
SPEAKER_R: it'll all work out, it just might take some time. Where are you going to move?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So my boyfriend, we've been together for two years,
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: he lives
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: Chicago right now. Um so I am hopefully moving up there to be with him again, looking at engagement and marriage within the next like, year and a half, two years, which is crazy. But um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I just like, I love my family, but I also feel like I'm kind of at that age where it's time to focus on like we're having a family of my own.
SPEAKER_R: and you know what, Chicago and Indianapolis are a train right away or a car, but I mean, you can just hop
SPEAKER_L: It's really not that far. I think I'm the oldest out of all my siblings, So I think my parents are feeling a little bit heartbroken, but originally I was supposed to actually do my student teaching in Chicago. So they have an extra five months of me which I think they appreciate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. I know, I moved, I've always lived in holland and then my son got this crazy idea he was gonna move to florida because his wife's family moved there. All that all fell through anyway. But in the meantime I thought, well if you're moving to Chicago or to florida, then I'm going to move Grand Haven because I was getting ready to buy something. Well, I bought a little condo in Grand Haven and then they decided not to move after selling their house and everything. So it's like, okay, now it's not that it's that far, but yet you don't just hop in the car and see the grandkids, you know, it's like, so we finally after six years we moved back to Holland again so I can be closer to them. But it was just like then it was like, okay, it's gonna take me 45 minutes by getting traffic, you don't just hop in, go pick one of them up for school and take them home so it's good, you know, I'm glad I'm back, but yet there's a lot of times I regret still not being there. So it's one of the decisions, you know, and you got to do what's best for you
SPEAKER_L: Actually, I've actually visited Holland before. I it's such a beautiful town.
SPEAKER_R: is it is, it's nice. It has gotten so big in the last few years, I grew up on the south southwest side I guess you'd say. And yeah, okay, I hadn't been there for a long time because I moved to Grand Haven and you just, you know, I used to always drive the lakeshore home and stuff. There were places there that it's like where did that come from? Where did this come from? Oh my gosh, I had an opportunity to buy that property when I was younger, why didn't look at it now? You know? I couldn't believe how much it grew. Just wow. And even holland at the lakeshore now, I was like crying were growing up. It was just louis pad knows with the cold ox and you know that kind of thing. It's amazing. But you know, I don't even know what time we got on here. I think we got a few minutes yet because I had trouble, I don't know why I had trouble connecting.
SPEAKER_L: I think in my mind I said we needed to stop at like 8 37 because that would be
SPEAKER_R: That sounds about right. That sounds about right. So we got a few minutes yet, so yeah, I don't know. I just think everything's gonna all work out.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: It might like.
SPEAKER_L: are hoping or hopeful that within the next year that we will see stuff kind of simmer down a little bit and we'll hopefully a little bit more understanding. Um I know they like have like a vaccine in the works, but I know how how confident I am and that as of right now I think that we
SPEAKER_R: Wolf.
SPEAKER_L: need a lot more research and information.
SPEAKER_R: I know. And I wonder too, like I've had all my vaccines growing up, my kids did. Some people choose not to have their kids vaccinated, which I do not agree with at all because I better safe than sorry, type of approach. But I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't really know. Like I like I also not anti vax tal. I've had my vaccines growing up. I plan to vaccinate my kids. But I think the fact that it's new and it's been like trials like it just does not seem as safe in my mind. But maybe that's just because it hasn't always existed. You know, like at
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: least when I was growing up, like you got the chicken pox vaccine because it's been there for a while,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: it's been tested and you know, it's going to be okay time. It just feels so, so new and so different and I think that just makes it feel a little bit scary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's not going to get the testing that a lot of them had because of the time constraint and that's what's scary. Do I put this in myself not knowing now if I'm going to get it? You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: The crazy thing is I'm hearing like radio ads and they're like, you can volunteer to be a Covid vaccine tester. And I'm like, why are you advertising this on the radio? I feel like that's just such a crazy thing.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. And I think people that are doing it are either really into it to help or they need the money and they're getting paid some major money for it. They would have to pay me some major money to do it.
SPEAKER_L: Three
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what major money is, but I don't think 15,000 would be helpful to me, that's a lot of money, you know? So it's like uh but so you graduate, you said in six months? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: graduate? Um May 8th but I'm not very hopeful that I'll have a graduation ceremony. They have not done yet for even our um 2020 grads. But that's okay. I'll do my virtual commencement in my virtual little tassel toss uh And I'm also this is my fifth year, so it's been long and winded anyways, so I think at this point I'm just ready to be done.
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep. There's a lot, there's so much to learn, I mean I didn't have the opportunities growing up to go to college and stuff. Holland was a little town if you went and had to go so far away and you know, it was just different now and now it's like wow, everybody's got an education, you know, I wish I would have took typing growing up, but we had the old typewriters that hurt the fingers, you know that type of thing. But um I worked with a lot of kids when I was on the front lines that were in school and they usually didn't, they came in and worked like during spring break and during christmas break and just you know that are they? And then they worked Saturdays and I think not having the graduation for them because most of them were ready to graduate was so devastating for them, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just really like my younger brother, he's 17, he's in his junior year. If this stuff isn't, it calmed down by the time he's supposed to graduate in 2022 I'll be so devastating for him. Like graduating from high school is such a big deal and I feel so sad for all these you know high school students who so far have it and who probably won't this year
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know, I know. Even with my son back then they had a big graduation ceremony because the home school program was in the grassroots back then, but it was it was at the church and the pastor had, you know, opened it for kids that were more Kalata kids back then even worked part time or full time and school was there part time. So it worked out whatever the kids situations, but I can still see them in their purple and white, you know, and throwing their hats because they still got that even though they were home school because they were they still met and uh you know, they just, it's hard to explain how it was, it was home school, but it wasn't home school, if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: now, one of my best friends growing up throughout high school data on the home school program to, but they all have like a bunch of their kids would have like meetings with other home schooled kids and their programs. So they were, we're close even though they weren't, you know, together throughout the day. So I think I have
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: enough. Oh
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, so that's how it was, so it worked out really good, but man, I really wish you a lot of luck through this endeavor with finding a new job, I think you'll be able to bet.
SPEAKER_L: I I've heard a lot of teachers that are very frustrated and kind of done with this whole education getting this method limit, so.
SPEAKER_R: and I think some of them that are close to retirement, a lot of them if you go, if you look at like where I came from, a lot of them already have their time and they already had their pensions, they've already got everything they need, they're not going to lose that much to retire a little bit early. Yeah, they just don't want to because I mean you need that, you get that kid addiction. It's hard, you know, like even me, I want to go back and just sub on the bus or something or work the playground once in a while just to be around the kids, you know? So I think a lot of them will retire a little bit earlier than they plan. That will open up a lot for you
SPEAKER_L: Well it was so nice talking to you. I'm glad
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: that you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I know I still got stood up a couple times and I thought, oh yeah, you have a wonderful day,
SPEAKER_L: It chilled fine.