Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Okay. Okay. Talk to you because Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Oh Oh, what the fuck? Mhm Mhm Yeah. Mom. Okay. Mhm Right Oh, sorry, once let
me go go, I'm not sure. Didn't show up. Mhm
Sorry, just one second, ma'am. I forgot about this, then woke up in a panic.
Here we go. Uh huh
I'm taylor nice to meet you.
And one of those weekends, I have a super long double shift at work
yesterday, so I was exhausted.
I'm hungry coming up kind of on time though and I wasn't on for that much longer before you popped in.
No, I actually, I'm still in school, I'm going to be a teacher, but I work at a grocery store right now. Um So
I imagine with Covid it's been a little bit crazy.
So it's and I'm pretty close to Indianapolis which is shutting down again, so it's been
us.
Oh I definitely we are
having
food fly off of ourselves right now. People are so rude. It's just been, it's often I can understand the panic, like I think that there's been a lot of here that's going to kind of seeking in the last month or so over the last couple of weeks. But also I feel like if your panic buying food, you're not leaving enough for everybody else and I think
that's just so
Yeah. I mean I'm only 23 so it's been I haven't
had that much experience. But I also I didn't really see this coming and I never really thought that I would see it coming. Um Maybe just lifetime, but not during this time of my life.
Make
social media really does kind of exasperated. All I feel like if there wasn't that aspect people would not because I feel like people egg each other on a little bit
well and my my parents, I'm living with them right now, I'm finishing up school. They even stocked up and they're like what are we gonna do with all this toilet paper we
can
the rest of the year and would be fine.
No, no.
store personally bought in stock but I know like in the heart of Indianapolis they're not finding it as easily anymore. Sitting with like it's just infecting wipes the cleaning sprays that's all flying off. So it's like starting in Indianapolis.
Really moving out to the suburbs right now.
It is.
I'm going to school to be a secondary english education teacher. So my last master classes,
I'll be student teaching next semester. Um But all the schools in my area are starting to go back to online, so I'm feeling very nervous.
I know. I just feel like there's not really a good solution right now.
I think they're students are struggling so much fully virtual and we see like rising abuse rights with the virtual,
but with the the fully in person we have like I I'm a substitute teacher right now also. Um Well, I'm taking classes and working at the grocery store and when I was substituting on thursday, literally, almost three quarters of my classes were gone because they're quarantining anybody who has been in contact with somebody who's tested positive. So so many people in the schools are gone and they have way more teachers who need subs than we have subs to fulfill. So I I think we are like, my school corporation was probably going to move to virtual within the next couple of months. It's it's just crazy. There is not a good solution and we don't want like we've already seen um are like testing numbers
suffer um for our Children, they're already going down from last May to this fall, her last spring to this fall, so just a couple of years I think to recuperate these losses.
I can still hear it.
I can hear you.
Yeah. I think that the kids that are really going to do well in the virtual learning are they have a lot of like intrinsic motivation and they don't need other people hounding them to do their work or to get onto their classes and we're just not seeing that right now.
Oh well that's good. But um yeah, I just feel like because of the circumstances, it's just not been good for really pretty much anybody.
I really
don't know. I know my district personally, which is the only one that I really
followed our
numbers. We don't have kids getting sick from other kids in school, which we've learned through the contract tracing. Our kids are getting sick outside of school. Ah And then we're not seeing that many people once they've all been quarantined through the context tracing, actually developing covid. So I know. So that's just my district. So we're not really seeing a lot of covid starting in the schools, but I'm sure there are other districts that they probably are, that maybe
you don't
have
any measures or the kids aren't wearing masks.
It really is crazy. My mom actually caught it in May
um And I'm one of five kids and then my dad lives in the house to none of the rest of us caught it. My sister, we think had an early about of it in january. Um Nobody else in the house caught it either, which we weren't really like, we weren't wearing masks in the house, we were still
talking,
so it's just kind of crazy um the way that it does affect some people and really does not affect others,
We're not really sure. My dad has diabetes, so he is like immuno compromised, but he been perfectly fine throughout it all. Uh
I feel like I wish that there was more knowledge that we had, but obviously it's so new
that it's hard to like gathering about knowledge and gain that knowledge, but it's just
so,
so interesting and so different the way that it is working.
feel like that's kind of why the masks are a little bit important um Or at least why I like tell my customers who are like why are you wearing a mask? You're just spreading the fear. Um But the math, so I think you don't protect you really, they are just protecting the people around jail and I feel like that's like like it's an inconvenience but at the very least it makes me feel like I'm doing a little bit of a part in helping because and I could be asymptomatic and I see so many people a day when I'm working at the grocery store at the school. I just feel like it's better to have even a false sense of mind or a false sense of peace of mind.
Yeah. Make my face a little bit warmer
anyways don't,
It's definitely crossed my mind a couple of times. It just feels like the last, pretty much like the last 20 years I want to say has event after event after event and I know what comes after this, but I feel like it will be worse, which is like, but I
just,
we've been trending towards,
I've looked into it a little bit just because um like I'm pretty neutral towards both of them. I don't really like either of them. I did felt um just because I feel like it's my civic duty, but I was not going to be devastated if either of them one. So I have looked a little bit into it, especially since trump has been like threatening all these lawsuits and he's actually like pushed a couple of lawsuits forward um and I watched like joe and kamala speeches and stuff like that, but for the most part I've tried to stay kind of a step back just because I don't like I'm not the kind of person who is going to get super political on facebook or my relationship like that just because I don't like as a teacher, I'm not going to be able to be political and I feel like it's good
for myself.
I do think it's a thing that trump has demonized the mail in ballots when he actually, if you look at his voter registration, he submitted a mail in ballot.
Yeah, I know. I think it's tough. I do think that we should have more accessibility within our elections and I appreciate the fact that mail in ballots allowed that accessibility. And I I empathize with the fact that it was so hard for your husband to go through that. But I feel like that's more of an issue with the system. Like we should not have had all of those hoops to jump through. And I think that we need to put systems into place now that are going to make it more accessible while also making sure that it's being um treated with the same 60 that in person voting isn't going through the same level of just like making sure that it's all correct and going perhaps
it's it could be a good option, especially if, you know more things like Covid continued to somehow pop up. Um I just think that we need to plan for it better and explain it better and have a set
of steps in place to make sure that people can't even, you know, make the accusation that there has been fraud. We need to make sure that we I've kind of covered all of those basics.
I agree.
Yeah, I'm I'm so nervous for the next six months, but at least at the end of it, I'll have my degree and I will hopefully be able to find a job I'm planning on moving in May, which is another kind of scary thing on top of everything else going on, but I think it'll be it'll be okay.
Uh So my boyfriend, we've been together for two years,
he lives
in
Chicago right now. Um so I am hopefully moving up there to be with him again, looking at engagement and marriage within the next like, year and a half, two years, which is crazy. But um
yeah, I just like, I love my family, but I also feel like I'm kind of at that age where it's time to focus on like we're having a family of my own.
It's really not that far. I think I'm the oldest out of all my siblings, So I think my parents are feeling a little bit heartbroken, but originally I was supposed to actually do my student teaching in Chicago. So they have an extra five months of me which I think they appreciate.
Actually, I've actually visited Holland before. I it's such a beautiful town.
I think in my mind I said we needed to stop at like 8 37 because that would be
I
are hoping or hopeful that within the next year that we will see stuff kind of simmer down a little bit and we'll hopefully a little bit more understanding. Um I know they like have like a vaccine in the works, but I know how how confident I am and that as of right now I think that we
need a lot more research and information.
I don't really know. Like I like I also not anti vax tal. I've had my vaccines growing up. I plan to vaccinate my kids. But I think the fact that it's new and it's been like trials like it just does not seem as safe in my mind. But maybe that's just because it hasn't always existed. You know, like at
least when I was growing up, like you got the chicken pox vaccine because it's been there for a while,
it's been tested and you know, it's going to be okay time. It just feels so, so new and so different and I think that just makes it feel a little bit scary.
The crazy thing is I'm hearing like radio ads and they're like, you can volunteer to be a Covid vaccine tester. And I'm like, why are you advertising this on the radio? I feel like that's just such a crazy thing.
Three
graduate? Um May 8th but I'm not very hopeful that I'll have a graduation ceremony. They have not done yet for even our um 2020 grads. But that's okay. I'll do my virtual commencement in my virtual little tassel toss uh And I'm also this is my fifth year, so it's been long and winded anyways, so I think at this point I'm just ready to be done.
I'm just really like my younger brother, he's 17, he's in his junior year. If this stuff isn't, it calmed down by the time he's supposed to graduate in 2022 I'll be so devastating for him. Like graduating from high school is such a big deal and I feel so sad for all these you know high school students who so far have it and who probably won't this year
now, one of my best friends growing up throughout high school data on the home school program to, but they all have like a bunch of their kids would have like meetings with other home schooled kids and their programs. So they were, we're close even though they weren't, you know, together throughout the day. So I think I have
enough. Oh
I I've heard a lot of teachers that are very frustrated and kind of done with this whole education getting this method limit, so.
Well it was so nice talking to you. I'm glad
that you. Yeah.
It chilled fine.