if
I can't see you at all.
Mhm. Oh my God like and then it's like well nervous I couldn't get my gear and find it mm
Oh I see you. I did the same thing. I'm up at 5 30 every morning but I got interested in the movie last night and I didn't get to bed till two so I turned off my alarm and then it's like I'm Jody, what's your name?
You too? Oh that's good. That's funny that we both kind of forgot about it.
Well
Oh my gosh yes and you're probably thinking oh I don't want to do this this morning?
Yeah. Are you in um nurse or nurse or doctor?
huh.
You know where are you? At what stage? Mhm.
Is it?
Okay. See I'm in michigan so we're not too far away from each other and yesterday I don't know what was going on I mean. Mhm. You know it took a little side road that you usually take to get to Myers and I sat there to get on the main road for like 10 minutes and people are like you know like why aren't you moving um people trying to get out of the bank, you know just stopped dead. So I got on to finally got onto the main highway and traffic was just backed up like I've never seen during that time of day that it was and stuff finally it starts moving and then I get it stops right in the middle of the highway and there I sat and it's like uh not good not good not good. Couldn't get anywhere what is going on? So I think people are freaking out again.
What
are you doing
What?
You know, I don't get it either if everybody would just shop as normal and it can't find beans or whatever. Well you don't eat things that week. No, I mean I I feel the same way and people are so they're rude, they're obnoxious there and it's like why what's up with this? You know? I don't think I've ever thought that we would see this kind of panic in the United States.
you.
Yeah. And I don't know, I I've never seen this kind of illness or anything in my lifetime either, but I've seen the United States go through a lot of ups and downs and but never this kind of mentality on it, it was always will survive. Like even with that, I don't remember what it was, where they thought when the clocks are going to switch over to two point, remember the more I used to my daughter and me both, we took good care of the elderly ladies um cat when she was gone. So she was kind of starting to you know, save a few things, but just normal like let her make sure I got a little bit extra toilet paper and you know, just like normal eating. It wasn't any, this is just unreal to
me.
Yes, I think you're right. Oh guess what I got today and oh I couldn't, you know, fine. I think the biggest thing for me was the toilet paper issue when it first started.
No,
no. Yeah.
And so people aren't stocking on it now by you so much
darting again. Mhm.
Beautiful.
Yeah. See that's what I think is going to start happening here too. We're in kind of like a little, it's a little town, but a big town, I don't know, it's hard to explain. We're close to Grand Rapids if you know anything, but like a you know, maybe 20 miles from their 25. But it's uh mainly how do I word this tactfully a lot of rich people here that live in this little lakeshore communities and the surrounding and they're mean, they're just playing me because they're used to getting their way, you know, it's like you think don't get me on the ankles with your basket please. That's terrible to say. But what it is,
that's where we live, but other than that what you're going to school for.
What?
Mhm. Yeah, a little bit, I worked for the school systems for the last 10 years, but I wasn't in teaching, I was in the um while I've worked transportation and maintenance and I quit just before Colvin started because we moved. It wasn't that far away but it was far enough that you know I kind of got into the system before too late because it's hard to explain. But their unions, I don't know if they are by you with their unions here and all of that and I was paying into a pension I would never ever ever get because you had to have so many hours to qualify a year and you couldn't hit it unless you had a full time like position that was 40 hours a week, at least 12 months out of the year. You can't hit it. So finally I thought you know what this isn't even worth it because I'm paying for everybody's pension, I'll never never get one, you know. So I finally thought, no, it's time to move on, but to see those schools shut down like that, I couldn't believe it happened. Mhm.
What?
What happened?
What?
Yeah. Oh man. You know, you're kind of cutting out here for some reason. Can you still hear me? Okay?
Oh, I lost you. I don't know if you can hear me? Yeah.
Oh, I just can't see you. Okay. Um I home school, my son, but I also had helped through the church because they had like a home schooling program, but this was like, you know, 25 years ago and he was the type that needed that. And it worked out really, really well. But not all kids are have the personalities for that and they're not as um they've just been thrown into this. It hasn't been a decision they they and their family wanted to make and I think that doesn't help.
right. I see you now again.
Right now do you think that, I don't know I'm just to the point I don't even follow the numbers any, I mean I hear them but I don't go online and specifically look at everything. But do you think opening up the schools is part of what made this start all over again?
Yeah.
I think
so.
The
big
picture.
Yeah. I know by us in in our like where we live, I can't say all of michigan but I mean I know they're wearing masks, you can't go anywhere. Like sometimes I'll jump out of the car and forget to put my mask on and then you see someone is like, and then you got to walk back and get it. You know, everybody wears a mask. I don't think there is very, very, very few that I see people not wearing them here. I worked through the last covid um when it first started, I was a front liner and I work, we worked um, it's like, uh, it's called a commentary where we make food for all the restaurants, all of the stores, all of, you know, and we're like elbow to elbow, it's just no getting around it and you're reaching and you're working up in someone's face almost all day long and they didn't have you wear masks at first because nobody really realized this thing was gonna blow out like it did. So I would say the first like two or 2, 2.5 months, we were just working as normal and none of us got sick, not one person in that factory, so it's like, okay, and then we started wearing masks and then it was a real pain because our glasses would fog up everything. But no, that's just a different story. But I think why are some people catching it and others not because I mean, we were elbow to elbow you you reach over and touch someone. I mean,
I'm sorry.
Nothing
this
I wonder if it's your immune system. I mean, like, maybe people have a weaker immune system or something.
Yeah, I do too. And so is my daughter and we've been fine, so it's like,
of
Come
on.
there's so many questions that can't be answered right now with it, and that's I think what's maddening about the whole thing too, you know, I don't know, but how it's I mean, a lot of us could just be carriers to without even having any symptoms, we don't know. Yeah,
Right, Yeah, and if everybody wears one and everybody's projecting everybody, so it's, you know, it makes sense, But anyway, Winners coming. We're all going to be sitting there wearing masks anyway, happen.
You
got it, you got it. But, you know, I don't know, it's just it's just maddening. I don't know, I don't know what you think, but I think we're just spiraling into the end times. I mean, it's just going to all line up then, it's just part of all of it. It's all the big picture here and we're just seeing what we've never seen before.
it
will be worse,
yep. I guess we're, what we say in birth pains right now, if you think of what we're going, this is nothing nothing compared to what is going to be happening, you know? And I don't know. And then have you followed any of the um I haven't because I just I don't know why maybe I'm in denial. Have you followed anything with the elections since the biden was?
In that,
right? Yeah. I don't I would never do any of that stuff either, you know, But when I heard at first and I've never been the type even, you know, it's like, okay, this is who I like and this is probably no, but this one this time really hits the heart of me. You know, I'm thinking why at the beginning did they find, well first mailing ballots I guess we're in the middle of epidemic or pandemic or however you say it, but my husband died along horrible death because he had lung disease. And even for him to get a mail in ballot at the time you have to jump hoops you to get doctors to sign off that yeah you can't be around people and you know everything else. And so he voted that way for the last five years of his life and all of a sudden they got mallon ballots because of this pandemic and no strings attached whoever you are you can you know and I that was a big red flag for me right then and there.
Did he? Yeah. And I don't know I just know how tough it was before. And so but anyway were they said in the news they found all of those um bags of ballots from overseas that had been sending here from the troops that were in a bitch, you know, and different things and it's like I can see where people would think that maybe there was a little bit of, you know, not not up and up on it I guess, you know, But it is what it is and there's nothing we can do to change it, but it's still it's just kind of iffy. But I think the mail and thing was my biggest thing only because of what I went through with my husband and how hard it was to get it, get it to begin with.
So legit.
Mhm
Yes, and I think it was just all thrown in so quick that everybody's like, geez, you know, so it's like uh it has definitely been an unprecedented year for a lot of things for us.
Oh my gosh, and I can't even imagine the turmoil you're going through right now because you chose to be a teacher and now here you are, you know?
it'll all work out, it just might take some time. Where are you going to move?
Have
to
take
Yeah.
and you know what, Chicago and Indianapolis are a train right away or a car, but I mean, you can just hop
Yeah, that's good. I know, I moved, I've always lived in holland and then my son got this crazy idea he was gonna move to florida because his wife's family moved there. All that all fell through anyway. But in the meantime I thought, well if you're moving to Chicago or to florida, then I'm going to move Grand Haven because I was getting ready to buy something. Well, I bought a little condo in Grand Haven and then they decided not to move after selling their house and everything. So it's like, okay, now it's not that it's that far, but yet you don't just hop in the car and see the grandkids, you know, it's like, so we finally after six years we moved back to Holland again so I can be closer to them. But it was just like then it was like, okay, it's gonna take me 45 minutes by getting traffic, you don't just hop in, go pick one of them up for school and take them home so it's good, you know, I'm glad I'm back, but yet there's a lot of times I regret still not being there. So it's one of the decisions, you know, and you got to do what's best for you
is it is, it's nice. It has gotten so big in the last few years, I grew up on the south southwest side I guess you'd say. And yeah, okay, I hadn't been there for a long time because I moved to Grand Haven and you just, you know, I used to always drive the lakeshore home and stuff. There were places there that it's like where did that come from? Where did this come from? Oh my gosh, I had an opportunity to buy that property when I was younger, why didn't look at it now? You know? I couldn't believe how much it grew. Just wow. And even holland at the lakeshore now, I was like crying were growing up. It was just louis pad knows with the cold ox and you know that kind of thing. It's amazing. But you know, I don't even know what time we got on here. I think we got a few minutes yet because I had trouble, I don't know why I had trouble connecting.
That sounds about right. That sounds about right. So we got a few minutes yet, so yeah, I don't know. I just think everything's gonna all work out.
It might like.
Wolf.
I know. And I wonder too, like I've had all my vaccines growing up, my kids did. Some people choose not to have their kids vaccinated, which I do not agree with at all because I better safe than sorry, type of approach. But I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
Why?
what?
Yeah. And it's not going to get the testing that a lot of them had because of the time constraint and that's what's scary. Do I put this in myself not knowing now if I'm going to get it? You know what I mean?
Mhm. Yeah. And I think people that are doing it are either really into it to help or they need the money and they're getting paid some major money for it. They would have to pay me some major money to do it.
I don't know what major money is, but I don't think 15,000 would be helpful to me, that's a lot of money, you know? So it's like uh but so you graduate, you said in six months? Yeah.
yep, yep. There's a lot, there's so much to learn, I mean I didn't have the opportunities growing up to go to college and stuff. Holland was a little town if you went and had to go so far away and you know, it was just different now and now it's like wow, everybody's got an education, you know, I wish I would have took typing growing up, but we had the old typewriters that hurt the fingers, you know that type of thing. But um I worked with a lot of kids when I was on the front lines that were in school and they usually didn't, they came in and worked like during spring break and during christmas break and just you know that are they? And then they worked Saturdays and I think not having the graduation for them because most of them were ready to graduate was so devastating for them, you know?
Yeah. I know, I know. Even with my son back then they had a big graduation ceremony because the home school program was in the grassroots back then, but it was it was at the church and the pastor had, you know, opened it for kids that were more Kalata kids back then even worked part time or full time and school was there part time. So it worked out whatever the kids situations, but I can still see them in their purple and white, you know, and throwing their hats because they still got that even though they were home school because they were they still met and uh you know, they just, it's hard to explain how it was, it was home school, but it wasn't home school, if that makes sense.
It
yeah. Yeah, so that's how it was, so it worked out really good, but man, I really wish you a lot of luck through this endeavor with finding a new job, I think you'll be able to bet.
and I think some of them that are close to retirement, a lot of them if you go, if you look at like where I came from, a lot of them already have their time and they already had their pensions, they've already got everything they need, they're not going to lose that much to retire a little bit early. Yeah, they just don't want to because I mean you need that, you get that kid addiction. It's hard, you know, like even me, I want to go back and just sub on the bus or something or work the playground once in a while just to be around the kids, you know? So I think a lot of them will retire a little bit earlier than they plan. That will open up a lot for you
to.
I know I still got stood up a couple times and I thought, oh yeah, you have a wonderful day,