So no this is Mhm. Okay. You're going to shit. Yeah. Mhm. Look at them all and yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. I actually did some other stuff. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Well I hear you too.
Honestly this I expect
businesses in the world, I did this a few months ago and it took me like four tries to actually get someone she should know.
How are you doing?
So where are you from?
You have too much instead of actually my daughter is now.
Uh So you're in college? Uh We hear you
okay. On my own junior region.
Uh huh. It's more
than I am
from a criminology.
It was a mechanical engineering for one semester
and I did so bad at it that I dropped my G. P. A. Down to the tune and I just dr I switched opium. Yes, you can try to get what you pay back up. Oh
Criminology is that I actually should have gone in the first place. Uh
There's something I've always been into right? Uh Yeah. Own every uh every season, a criminal mind, C. S. I. All that. So so I was super into it, but I'm on the ROTC. Well I thought I had to I thought I had to get a because scientific major, I went with engineering. It didn't work out. Yeah, it's not, the army is actually super chill and you don't care. And they were like, oh yeah dude, like we really don't give a shit like okay to danger since what I did,
the science is being called table.
It's very shit show
all this. Mhm. We have labs on thursday site
That
made a little bit ago, it was like 3 to 3 - 5 30. Um And like we have to like social distance and we have to wear a mask and stuff. And when you're trying to like walk through like the brush, like planning to like attacked positions and stuff. Masters isn't great, but we have to wear like um like safety glasses and stuff like uh requirement and everything falls out. The master obnoxious is I enjoy. Mhm.
Uh
How is that? We investigate that too.
holidays. Thank you.
the appreciation to I'm gonna buy actually to the freshman. Um And they like really want us to crack down on people like, right, I'm not trying not to be that mean though because this year kind of stuff. It sucks if we're coming in. All right. Do you get any like clubs to isn't any clubs in everything? Oh,
And
okay. That's the club's got shot down one of them. Yeah, I'm actually I'm the Far City
water polo player
at Penn State. Um All right. They completely canceled our practices and all about tournaments because yeah, we have been asking. Well, I mean that kind of sucks and we don't have P. T. With you on any more um physical training in the morning. Yes, they can't do that safely presently. So
good old chuck e
yeah that it was weird. Uh
My intention backhands and I was supposed to I supposed to go down it was the defensive forensic science center in a fort Gillem Georgia to go Link dry early August for like three weeks and Cupid No go on. That kind of was mhm. Mhm.
I'm hoping to do our aviation. I'd like to I'd like to be a black hawk pilot. Uh huh. Yeah.
From army ROTC. Specifically we have to, we can response, they can, if you do like Air force or navy they like get active duty but they still can keep put the actual like aviation, like engineering, whatever the army we compete for. Yeah, actually, you know, aviation engineering. But we also compete to be active duty. Mm So I'd like to do active duty aviation, which just so happens to be the hardest one to get. Um If that doesn't work out, I'm good like doing like active through the military intelligence. Uh huh.
Hell, I'll even take aviation as a reservists and National guard when I'd like to be active duty. I always wanted to be in the military so I'd like to do that like right now I'm just trying to I was applied
nothing.
Yeah, I'm pretty much guaranteed unless I like yeah,
medically disqualified. All right. In such big trouble that they have to kick me out. Uh So what do you plan
on doing?
Sorry, sorry. Moving app development.
it's pretty cool. I'm not I mean you can talk all about it or you want, but I am not technologically savvy mom. I like anything
more mechanically inclined. Uh Yeah, my my dad was there force are, he was he was enlisted maintenance.
Uh mechanics were like, like all the skills, he kind of passed the food to me now and we have a sore in cars. Uh huh.
I've got a I've got a 65 uh Oldsmobile cutlets, but but we basically put back together so it was pretty beat up. Um I think I should drive it. Yeah, we can finish it. Uh and then immediately as soon as it gets sent off to be repainted, it sounds like the writer and they're not always some spots. Uh
huh. You are, it's back now. It's my dad sent depictions, but it's my car. I'm the one involving himself to be able to drive it. He sends me a selfies of increasing
around it and uh
very jealous make it real time.
Well how would the with the way cars are going with all the computers and stuff inside man. You don't have to have growth has to be Well and this with the older cars and
my uh my name cars in 98 Ford explorer. Yes. Right. I can't, I know nothing about like the new like sensors and computers and I have plugged your car in and like, so they can yeah, I will shoot in stuff and I just way over my head. Okay.
Right. And what are you supposed to do?
All right. We have these 11 so far. Have a have you done this before? One of these videos trends?
Nice suit. Mm three breast. Yeah. My uh my last one was a while account. Um and I talked to some girl in,
yeah, I don't know. We talked about who was it? Simple beard. Some Oh, this guy in like, I think like the 18th and 19th century they would like make like um like scenes out of like taxidermy pitons. It was the weirdest
thing. Got and she had like naming consumption. She sent it to me and mhm.
Having a tea party. Yes, there is um walt took powder if you look this up. Uh look of walter potter, um kittens having a tea party. Yeah. All that. So I can you like new. Like so much about it was kind of, this is going on here.
What do you see the monkey love. That was it
casket. You've got a, a monkey. Somebody's help monkey riding like a miniature go
I think.
So weird and keep the tradition going. We have this weird accidentally stuff. Mhm.
What does the scheduling, what goes through is that that he's like, I'm going to make all these out of like all these seats out of taxidermied animals, not something I would go
many games going up to him.
I don't like I don't like that animals. I'm finding out dead people, but to animals and disgrace.
Yeah. Oh well another ones get built on the tile
and I get to it before the rats get it. Mhm.
Mom uh Good work. Yeah, like I mean I worked as it, I worked as a assistant
coroner. So like um and people that find that I couldn't
like fucking accidentally these cats and like have it in my house, like every time I walk downstairs there is on the man fool your bunch of dead kids his home and dressed up.
I don't even like those um those dear guys that they put up everywhere. Oh
we were like You know sometimes they like 50 M. divide with the place they had like a uh they have a like texas Roadhouse and uh and like hunting shots and self like I couldn't put one
in my house. Mhm. Good thing to look at. Good morning. You know my wife, my two Children and the dead deer head that I have stuck on the wall and killed my living room. Uh
Well um I'm trying to think. I've been struggling to find something. I tried wiggling it the other day. I cut I cut like the corners off of this piece of wood and then got sick of it. It's like this sucks.
Well come on, tried wiggling. No I'm not. I'm into caving. Um Yeah, we go and explore that all the kids we can find and stuff. Mhm. On That's right.
My case suit is in this plastic bags from sunday. I don't bother, you know? And it's the money and I'd like to close it off outside
on Uh huh. I think we'll draw a little bit, but I'm not very good at it, so Yes, that's about it. I'm kind of worried. What about you? What are you into? Mm.
wow, what kind of games do you play? Yeah.
Yeah, I played a couple of pounds of Among us with some friends. Oh, okay. So I switch I got a couple games on the same uh like Panama um
Destiny Dying Light, uh
Kingdom Come Deliverance, Men of War. I have that new mountains. Lake landlord's game. All right. The Storm to Vietnam And the Winter three. Yeah.
And are you going to put a lot of video games, a lot of uh huh on,
I don't know. I don't, I guess have the motivation to do it recently. I fell off the wagon with that one.
Right now
you have nothing kind of step.
First series of the four core.
Yeah, sure. Yeah. I want same. I really went to the series now. No, I'm working. I'm gonna just started seizing farm like a, like a weird nexus watch and like Van Helsing nightfall in late fall. I highly recommend it. Especially because they need more viewers to keep it from getting canceled. Yeah, and it's right, right. It follows well this well actually, well speaking of Templars.
I really
enjoy, you can hold it up. Yeah, the real focus. It's actually authentic. It's a Or silver corn uh, in 1139 instead of what really? It was carried during the 2nd and 3rd Crusade,
alcohol. Local and better hangs on Superintendents, vodka, bunch of crosses and stuff. Antique sausages. Thank you.
like this stuff. Um, like I took a class on the level. Yeah, It's a lot that we influence the crusades and the templars, I will say. It's a little, it's basically like, like, uh huh real life. The absolute Yes. I think they talk along with descriptions of the Holy Grail. Something like that's a real thing in the show. I kind of like, that's like a mix it in. Yeah. Shell.
Um, once you're going to monster night stuff, um,
I've always wanted to get into the combat label, the market, local european machinery being on basically put on the armor and then with blunted weapons, beat the shit out of each other. So very cool. They actually have a many academy who away from my office, I went to a bunch of times you're looking at german long sword right here. Some reason something I wrote this song,
the, the, those those Children warm out on history and they are full combat combat stuff.
I am saying that right competitors because I'm
into that as well. And we're tournaments on the east coast. Um, our office think of that. This goes all about everything. They competed now comic because their settlement. It's like a Yeah, actually
pictures with
Orange.
What's your favorite color?
Not a good time.
Um, now, yeah, it's always just been, I think my parents kind of fit for me. Like a lot of my, my child is Orange from, well, thank you. Not every episode. That's so crazy. Crayola Factory, which has my name on it. And it's Orange. A lot of stuff. My name is. So, think that I think they have the highest.
All right. Um, So it is 7 26. Uh huh. I think we both got on like right around seven. We want to give it one more minute just to
yes. And hanging out. Yes.
Yeah. Whatever your name.
Have a good rest of your year.
You know, saying good luck with you. I hope you're freshman year gets a little bit better.
Have a good