Oh thanks. Hello? Mhm
Hi, can you hear me?
Yes, how are you?
Good. What's your name?
I'm Elizabeth,
nice to meet you. So what do you what do you do?
Okay. I don't know very much about that. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah I work for the my city as well like and we have a purchasing department so I guess I have actually been on the phone with them a lot this week, said in the
um I work for are Superior Court in well in court admin. So we kind of worked for all the all the courts but but
it is
yeah. Ok. Yeah we um that's probably the one I kind of have leased to do with like is the municipal court because they tend to run like I'll pay a few bills every now and then for them. But um yeah we have were quite small government but
where
are you where do you look like? What city are you in?
Okay. You know I mean um Right outside Atlanta. Yeah. that's cool. How long have you worked for the government?
Okay. I just hit four years. Do you guys have a program where you get like vested? Do you have?
have
similar. But I know some we do get we get a pension, which I guess you don't really see very much anymore. I'm not really.
I know we have to be there for 10 years, but some places it's only five
is ted Okay. I know if you is it Fulton County in Atlanta? Like the big The main one. I think it's only five. That
that's because I was sorry. I always thought that was my dogs right beside me. I always thought that was not very long. But apparently that's a long time to stay there. It is what? I don't know. I've never worked
there, so, but Okay. So what do
you
like
to do
in your free time? Mhm.
I feel that's me, apart from travel.
Yeah. Yes, I traveled
cheap, very cheap so but that's Mhm.
Oh no. What was it?
I'm
cause it's
a big group. Yeah. Oh that's
Hopefully. Yeah, I feel like I got like I'd like to travel and I got stuck in Peru because of Covid, so it's yeah throwing a bunch of like spanners in the works, so. Mhm.
But it's
oh yeah, you have my mind chewing a basket right now. That's why I keep looking over there because I can hear her doing it and it annoys me, like she knows I hate her in there and she's doing it right in front of me. Um
Oh don't they like the warmth of them, like if they get warm
or
the keyboard?
Oh that's really cute. I have a she can see her and she's about to drive me crazy. I got her right after I got divorced because my ex didn't like at and I was like well I can get a cat now and I never thought I was a cat person until I got her and she is wonderful. Apart from right this moment when she's chewing stuff, I can see her but I
love her.
How many do you have to?
We have three. Okay. Yeah. I've got two dogs, two little dogs and right there
and but one of my dogs is really sad. He's um he's terminal. So they yeah I found out actually it's all borrowed time. Last august and they gave him about two months. I've had an extra year. But it's it's very it makes me sad. I'm more sad about him being sick that I am my divorce. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. They're my Children. But yeah, I love animals. Sometimes I sound like animals more than people.
but so where are you from Knoxville?
Is it Minnesota is that where it's really cold? Yeah.
sister went there and visited and said it was freezing. Mhm. What
does
it get
down to?
Oh my gosh. Yeah.
My God, that's freezing. I didn't realize
that. I mean yeah, that's really really cold. Few girls.
Who? That's
very cold.
Yeah. There's um I want to do the trick is the Trans Siberian railroad, it goes across Russia, but I want to do it in the dead of winter because I just don't think you'd
experience cold like that many places, you know? Uh
I've got to try and I got to take me years to save up for something like that because that I think that is pricey, but I'd have to find somebody that would I want to do it with me too. I think my dad would do it with me, but because he lived in Russia for a while and yeah, yeah, this years ago and he likes to travel. But uh I just want to experience that. Just not for a long time, but just try it
just
just to see how it is and I want I want to do that railroad anyway. So but I was reading there's a town in Russia and excitement to be one of the coldest places and it gets like I think the record was minus 88, but I may be completely wrong on that. But it gets very very like they
had pictures of people with like icicles in there eyelashes and stuff.
The coldest I've ever been in my entire life was I went to Iceland in the winter and I, they had this place where you can swim between two tectonic plates. And it it was it was the cold actually was warmer in
the water. Like you get in your in the water for not very long, maybe 15, 20 minutes because you just kind of not the current, the water just kind of pushes you through and then you get out. But it was the I mean I had icicles in my hair when I got out. It was
so cold and there's nowhere you're in a dry suit, a wetsuit, but your hands are in a you're in a drive suit but your hands are more like a wet suit so you can it gets through and your hands and you just can't feel what it's painful and then there's no you change in a parking lot because it's in like a there's no buildings, it's just kind of outside. So it was the walk back to the van to change was painfully call, you know you're just kind of shaking. So it
was
I would
recommend it to anyone but I would not recommend it in the winter. I'd say going you can do in the summer, I'd say go in the summer. But
yeah, that cold, you just like to your bones.
Just so but so have you has your like do you work from home with Covid with the yours?
Ernie.
I feel like that's similar to our to ask. Although a lot of I think a lot of our finance department is working from home, the court system a lot, it's kind of mixed but I'm trying I work from home three days a week and I like, I enjoy it. So it's, I like my commute coming downstairs.
Yeah, I know. So there I saw a funny meme of a guy who I guess before, Covid had just spent a fortune on like a nice bike to ride to work. And he's like, I'm still determined to ride my bike. So he rides it from the bottom of the stairs down the hall to his kitchen. Fair enough. So, But it's funny. Yeah, I know a lot of people who seem to like the the mix of going in and not, and I'd always read before a couple years ago, I read about a company that it allowed. It was a small company, like a tech company, but in loud it said to its employees, you can work anywhere you want, we don't care where you work, we don't care how long it takes you as long as you get your stuff done. It's like
it could take you 50 hours, it could take you 20 hours like we just want your stuff done and I was like that's such a you just don't hear that these things but
I mean.
Week.
Yeah I mean if you can get your I mean I understand if you're like if you're waiting on the you know the public become or you're you know you have to be somewhere. But yeah I mean if you can get your stuff done in 34 hours, is there any point sitting somewhere for the extra room time? Just a I think I wonder if this will change the way people view work.
don't think.
Yeah. No I agree. I think government. Yeah. Well it'll I think government will move a loss they'd be slower on the uptake whereas I think a lot of private companies will move faster. I think a lot of from what I'm reading like google and those who are giving their option the employees the option if they want to make it permanent so which men?
Yeah. And if you can I mean if you can do 90% of your stuff at home, what's one day you know if you need to take care of a child or something like why not? So it's I know it's done wonders for like pollution apparently like you know the less driving and stuff.
No I guess we'll see one of my old
bosses. She said that I guess her brothers like says he's super smart but he was listening to some podcasts and they go talking about how usually after pandemics you see a renaissance of change and which I guess makes sense, so which we'll see.
No I did. My mom is actually from Alabama, but I grew up I grew up in England, my dad's british, So we um we I was born in California, but we moved to England when I was three and I grew up until I was 18 there, I moved here for university. Yeah, but yeah, covid throwing a spanner with that because I was trying to figure out how to go home for christmas and I'm not 100% sure I'll be able, we'll say they're trying to do a bridge Making it because I don't originally if I went I was going to quarantine for 14 days, not be able to leave the house and I was like I'll literally go quarantine and have to turn back around to come back home. So yeah, I do miss England mhm This, it's hopefully, hopefully I'll be able to go home. Have you ever, have you been to England visited?
Where do you get you go to London?
That's
it.
Okay. I don't think I've ever been to leeds. I think I've been to Canterbury Year. I mean years ago and over. I've been to the white, I've seen like Dover Castle and stuff, but it's been a long time. I always forget when I was married to my ex came over for the first time that he was like, well how do we get to, you know the sights? And I was like, I can tell you where to shop Or where to eat in London. Like, you know, I, I don't know how, I haven't been to the site since I was like six. So, but like I would usually go up to London if I wanted to go shop or go, we go to the theater or something. But I love it. London Such a fun city. Mhm.
Yeah, it's yeah, there's just so much I always now having lived over here when I go home. I always appreciate how old everything is over there too. I just, I used to take for granted because it was just normal. My God God is just what we were used to. But it is
Reading it's so new and just, I mean all of the buildings so it's, it is interesting and everything. I guess you have too much more space here then over there
and I will say public transport. That is the one thing I missed. Like they, I know the trains and separate expensive but you can get around.
Yeah, new york they do in boston they all have good some of the big, well I guess older cities I do like boston because there's so much history there. You see a lot of
I love
boston
usually I would definitely recommend I'm going well me and my friend I'm going to lose my vacation time if I don't take it and so we're going to Philly pending everything. You know his stuff going on for like a long weekend. We're going to fly into Philly and drive up to new uh port smith, New Hampshire I think it is and then fly back from boston. So
he said I love the east northeast so hopefully she don't think she's ever been to boston. So they have a line in boston on the road like in the on the pavement and you just follow it and it literally takes you to all the famous sights in boston. It's like kind of like the yellow brick road. I don't think it's yellow, I think it's red but you literally just follow the line on the sidewalk.
Okay. That's it. Have you traveled a lot like west coast or?
It is?
It's nice.
I'd love to go back. It's been a long time since I've been there.
Oh sorry, you just got married.
And
that
is,
Well that'd be
That
was
this
year.
I'm sorry. Austria.
Austria
are they going to postpone a year? It just
felt
do
you got
a good rate?
Why didn't you get all of it back if
and
it
that's such crap. I've
that is.
I spent when I got back when I finally got back to the us from being stuck so I had to stay improve like an extra 10 days or something in quarantine because they just shut the country down like it's still shut down. You can't, I don't
think
we had, I had to get a government repatriation flying out and the Person I was with is an American. He was stuck there five months or he could get in here to fly home. Like he, he got a repatriation flight via Mexico. Like Mexico was helping people get out and he managed to get on one of those to them like travel on further. But I spent Probably 15 hours on the phone when I got back arguing with Expedia and my credit card and all the flight and I think, got. I think I got most everything back. But it was, I had, so I wanted to do much impeach you in Peru since I was 15 and I finally was like I'm going to do it and I was sitting three hours away from Machu pichu and everything was closed down
and I couldn't
I was so mad. I was like I've spent all this money to get here, we got to do the beginning of the trip which was awesome. But yeah it totally ruined. And I was like now if I want to go back I have to pay for the flights, the hotel again. You know
all
the
frost.
Yeah I was so mad. I was so yeah so I know I mean I know the feeling. I just can't believe you, they only gave you 70% back. That's no well
Well you can plan another one
Oh I will
say
you,
is
that
that's
true
and it's
that's true. But I will say Traveling within Europe is a lot cheaper than traveling around the US. from what I mean you can when I was 18 I backpacked a little bit and we got like train tickets into rail and I there may be a different price because I was using my British passport. It may actually be cheaper for if you don't have your, I'm not sure but you can get train tickets that allow you to take trains in. I think we chose three countries but you can do 123 and up of countries and just take trains around
everywhere and it's and even flying in within europe is a lot cheaper. And my sister got tickets one time from London to Copenhagen For £39 return which is like $50 round trip.
Yeah it's a lot cheaper. I mean this was a couple years ago but it is a lot cheaper than Flights within the US. I mean you'll pay like what $600 to go to the West Coast from.
If
yeah you can get cheap. But yeah I guess I always think the U. S. Is huge too. So going
I'm hoping like even with everything is going on, maybe they'll cut some of that. I mean like I know they've changed they used to charge you a change ticket fee and now I think they've scrapped that. I'm hoping that maybe some of the costs for that will go go down a bit. So
this I mean I'm sure at some
point
I got Philadelphia it was one way for $45. So. Well I mean we'll see. Hopefully they'll they'll stay down would be nice. No.
I would. I'm always looking for deals that's but like when I do travel I use a lot of miles or I try and I keep keep everything very like the cost very low. Like I'll do hikes that. I think I did one hike in Guatemala. That was $250 for five days and that was everything it keeps, that's five days of food activity, everything. So I travel cheap. She's as possible. Mm But well maybe you can plan something, you know?
Oh, that's cool. How
is that
of it?
those
stars.
That's
I couldn't even imagine how much something like that would cost shipping.
That's a long, wow. Yeah. Because you're even, that's a long drive. Was
that
4, 3 days through?
Who that? Yeah, that's um, yeah, I wanted to drive to, is it where is the dome, the dome hike somewhere in California? But it was going to be a, You know, 27, 30 hour drive and I was like, I don't want to drive. Yeah.
Do you
I guess is the two of you could at least split
just, Yeah, that's a long way to drive. One of my goals is to get a van and change it into any way you like a mini house. No, I don't want to live with it. But to do trips like that, to see more
of
they add up those.
foster
foot. Yeah. I pay I have a dog sitter and cat sitter who comes, she'll come usually when I travel christmas I bought them because the holidays and but that's like a huge cost for me. So
it adds up
when it's every day, you know, the day. So yeah, I haven't actually boarded the cat usually have somebody stopped by, but the dogs cost a lot so but she's I I would say they're worth it. She's slipping.
Yeah they make every day better. Mhm. But I'm not sure how long I didn't set a timer did you say?
I think well I had a timer started but then I didn't go.
I know that. Yeah I should have. I
think we're close we got to be close to 25 minutes.
Okay. Well that's good. Is this the first time you've done so I did one yesterday? You can do six. The person. Yeah the guy I spoke to a guy. Yes sir. He was nice. He's like it was his second he said you can do up to six I think I had no idea. So
but yeah you can sign up for another one.
I think you do a survey after this and then at the very end it gives you a link. I think if you want to sign back up is what happened when I did it. So it was very nice to meet you. I enjoy
yeah I really enjoyed talking to you snow.
Well I hope you have a good rest of your week.
Well thank you.
What you got thursday and friday. I have to go into the office tomorrow going Tuesday thursday so
was that's yeah that's nice. You get to pick you know pick the days I've kind of set Tuesday thursday now.
Yeah that's good. Yeah. Yeah I'll go in if my boss if she has something she'll ask me to cover a day I'll go in good. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Well come in. Yeah I just trying to avoid busy times you know if I can and
just just trying to free covid freaks me out so I'm try and stay away from Yeah, people as much
as I can,
it makes, I think what I had a coworker and he was actually probably one of the first people I met here and he had underlying lining health issues, but he got it and in days he passed away like within, I want to say he got sick on a wind, started not feeling good on a Wednesday and he passed away, he went to the hospital sunday and he passed away Tuesday. It was,
it was
like flocking.
it was awful and so sad. I broke my heart because I mean he's probably one of the first county people I had met. Um it was, it was just kind of a, you know, when you just don't expect
some people just don't show, you know, don't, I got sick back last christmas january and I wonder I'm not sure that I haven't had any test but I wonder if it was because it was right before
done
but they
kind of
it
I
want
I wonder
if people just didn't. Yeah because I I got sick and I usually get sick that time but my parents got what I had but they said they had trouble like they felt the shortness of breath. I don't remember because it was before it was really kind of I was aware of what was
but I just remember feeling awful and headache like really bad headaches which I think is a I don't know a sign. But yeah it does it's scary so last
name.
Well
Yeah you don't
know it.
you do.
Well everything
and everything is changing so quickly like you know they say how it travels that it doesn't travel that way. It's everything's coming out so quick and I just people just don't know we just don't know. Let's just do the best we can so we'll see
but we'll stay safe out there and
well thank you and it was very nice talking to you. I really enjoyed it. Uh huh.
Need
you too. Thank you.
Bye.