Hi.
Yeah, can you hear me?
Good, how are you?
Carisa? What's yours?
Nice to meet you?
I work in public purchasing.
It's I just I work for my city and we do all the purchasing for it.
so what do you do?
that's interesting. I used to work for our municipal court. We
only dealt with traffic tickets but
got
it
in Knoxville.
A little over five years now, I think I joined in 2015.
Yeah. Um Oh goodness, what is it? So there used to be like a really good pension plan, but it's not very good anymore, and I've got like the hybrid version of it, so I have both a pension and like a four oh one K. Type thing and
I think it.
No, you really don't.
I think ours is 10.
Oh, that's short.
interesting.
So
what
you
want?
I'm kind of a boring person to be honest, I don't really do a whole lot.
I I wish I could travel, I can't afford that,
no.
and the one thing that I really actually did got ruined by Covid, so
I sing in a choir and so we can't have rehearsals because
of Covid,
so
but hopefully next year.
Yeah.
Oh well that's one of my cats,
sounds about right now. This one if there is a computer making noise, she has to investigate.
I
think
I think that's part of it. Uh One of our cats likes to hang out behind my husband's laptop because it has massive heat output, so it's his favorite place to lay.
and
my husband was the same way, he was never against cats, but he was like they're they're okay, not my thing and then I talked him into adopting one, and he has been full cat dad ever since
we have three.
Oh
coming three babies. So
I guess that. Uh huh.
No, uh I've kind of bounced around a little bit, I was born in Virginia and then I lived in Minnesota for 10 years and then I came down here.
Yes, it is not.
And
their
winters
uh regularly below zero, like all the time.
I think they're winters have been getting steadily worse, like even in the short time that I was there the last year that I lived up there. And I mean, I was like in really northern Minnesota my last couple of years. But uh There was a couple of days where the governor literally closed all schools because with wind chill it was between -40 and -50.
Well
I mean that's kind of abnormal, like it typically does not get that cold but it's not It's not outside the realm of normal to have like negative 30 on Sunday is
it
is very cold. I did not enjoy it.
Do
it would be interesting to do but I also really big baby about cold so I don't know if I would ever actually do that.
just
just wants to see.
no.
no thanks.
Well
goodness.
that
sounds like quite an experience but oh goodness.
Changing
culture.
It's bone cold. Yeah.
Yeah it's a very new thing and I'm definitely enjoying it but
we do still need to go into the office every now and again just to check in and cover some things that can actually be done from home. So.
It's a very nice commute. I just have to walk down the home.
interesting.
Like that's such a rational approach because
I mean so many people don't actually need to work a 40 hour work week
every week.
I think it's bound to change. I don't think it will permanently change for like government employees. But
I think a lot of private companies will have a hard time convincing their employees that they have to come back and work in an office again.
I mean at the very least I'd like to see a policy for like us if you're sick but not sick enough to not work that you can work from home or if you have a sick child that you can work from home, there's no point in taking sick time if you don't need to actually use it.
Yeah. I know. I've seen that.
What?
we'll see you. So judging by your accent, you did not grow up in Georgia?
One time and I really would like to go back. I had a good time.
Uh Yeah. We spent most of the time in London. Uh And then we took one day where we did like a bus tour and we
went
out to go, where do we go? We went up to leeds and went out to the Dover cliffs and the Canterbury Cathedral.
There was so much diversity. Like I knew it was a pretty big multicultural hub, but I I didn't I didn't know what to expect and I definitely didn't really expect the level of diversity that actually we ran into.
No I mean living over here everything has to seem like a baby in comparison.
Yeah. No everything is pretty spread out here.
Yeah. You don't have to own a car there. You pretty much have to own a car here unless you live somewhere like new york city where pretty much everything is public transport.
I want to go.
Haven't
been.
I thought would be fun.
That's very cool. No, far as the east Coast is concerned, I've never been further north in D. C.
I haven't really gotten to travel that much. Like uh I've never had enough money to for one thing. Uh
But when my family would take vacations it was we're usually going to see other family. So I've been to Illinois a lot because that's where most of my family is. And I've been to Arizona a couple of times because that's where my grandparents had been. But otherwise
Arizona is gorgeous. I love it.
I tried to talk my husband into going this summer because okay, Covid ruined our honeymoon. Uh,
we've been married for a little over a year now, but we put our honeymoon back because the choir that, I mean does big trips every two years and so we were going to use that as our honeymoon.
It
was going to be
two weeks spread over Switzerland and Austria.
So yeah,
it was
gonna
be fantastic.
Yes, it was supposed to be in june,
it's
ruined. It absolutely stomped on those plans.
They
just refunded. Well, they re funded as much as we could because it was a group trip traveling with a travel agency. So
there
was
right, I mean, it was great rate, but we only got about 70% of our money back
because they went through a travel agency, so they have all their fees that
are supposedly
not refundable and
it's such correct. Okay,
I'm
can't
get in, can't get out.
I
would be so angry.
you
have to
pay for everything all over again
and have the time to do it and
just whatever pay for vacation stateside at least. So
yeah, I mean we complain another one and as as much as he was disappointed that we didn't get to go because both of those countries are on our bucket list of flip basically all of europe is on our bucket list for wanting to go to. Uh he wasn't sad that we weren't going with my choir anymore.
He's
like,
well this way, this way we can plan, well that's just the two of
us and we
can do what we want to do instead of being on a schedule,
which
that's
that's correct. But we probably would not be able to do two weeks in europe for the price that we were going to be doing two weeks in europe.
Well that's cool.
That's the same.
Yeah, because unfortunately
we don't have a lot of just like small airlines that can hop you from place to place. Like there are a couple uh like if I wanted to fly down to florida, I could probably get a round trip ticket for 100 bucks
so it's bound to be more expensive. But the other problem is they airlines don't have any incentive to make it cheap on you.
I hope I'm not,
I'm
not terribly optimistic that these changes are going to stay, but it'd be nice.
I think he really nice. I'd like to be able to just fly places for not a whole lot of money that be
I hope so. I have to say about poor because we did use a good chunk of what we had saved for Uh trip we took we went out to Denver for five days
so
that was it was gorgeous.
We got a new telescope for the whole thing because he oh gosh, he loves
loves
stars, it's his favorite. So
we got this massive telescope then we had to of course dr because shipping that
it would be so expensive and you would have to pack it so carefully so that the mirrors didn't get an aligned so we drove.
That's
very long.
It is so we split it into two days I think it's 27 hours total.
it's a very long drive. It's a very long grad to do by yourself. His
we
yeah we walked off so like one of us would start and drive about halfway and the other one would take over and.
I
mean I would have a lot of costs because I mean paying for the hotel that was
that was a lot and then we had to board the cats because we didn't have anyone who could take care of them. So that
was also
Yeah. I mean it wasn't terrible but it was
so
Yeah their butt holes but they're worth it.
I didn't either.
Oh wow. That doesn't work out too well you don't start.
I
Uh oh there's a timer on the other tab, we're at 29 and some change.
well,
I'll just see if I can find my way back to signing up for it again.
it was nice to meet you too.
Same.
You too, it's
it's Wednesday, so we're halfway over.
I think I'm gonna go in tomorrow after leaving, just get some stuff done,
Yeah, I think one of my coworkers has basically said that she goes in at least every Tuesday and I try to pick days where like other people aren't going to be in just that, we still have all the coverage.
Yeah, I'll get that to where my boss will text me be like, hey can you come in on this day? Okay.
no, I get that.
the
I hope that I don't get it, I'm not terribly freaked out by it, but still trying to be cautious.
that's
that's
fact, yeah,
yeah, like I've known a couple of people who've had it, but they've all made it through, like uh one of the men in the choir that I sing with, Uh he's an older gentleman, he's 70 something and him and his wife got it and she was basically fine, but he got hit hard.
it was right before everything started
shutting down and
I have a coworker
who got
really sick and we kind of wonder if she had it
because
she also calls a lot, so
what?
so you weren't really paying attention and tracking? Oh, I'm having this issue.
no,
I got to do our best to avoid it. Like my dad is high risk and my step mom, well she would be high risk too because she smokes and then, I don't know if I fall into high risk or not because I'm previously a cancer patient. So
it's like,
am
I high risk? Am I not? Am I still immuno compromised? Am I not? I don't know because
there's no real data
on how long you stay immuno compromised?
We will.
You too?
me too. I hope you have a good evening and
good rest of your week.
Thank you.