SPEAKER_L: me. Mm. Yeah. Mm hmm. All right. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mark. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right. Mhm. Mhm Hi,
SPEAKER_R: I don't, yeah, sorry for running four more minutes later, I was just trying to find the
SPEAKER_L: nowhere.
SPEAKER_R: link.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I had to sit there and be like, wait, this link doesn't work. Okay. Here's the copy faced. But hi, I'm becca.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Rebecca too.
SPEAKER_L: fun. Cool. Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Um You know I've done like the group ones but I've never done like a one on one chat, so this will be my
SPEAKER_L: I did. I think actually specifically for this study the last round that they did, but for some reason my microphone wouldn't work. So we
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: ended up, I use a white board for my job. I I do transcription and I'll take notes on it. And I literally just wrote my answers because I could hear her. So I just wrote answers and held it up for the whole thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I figured that out, I'm sure that was probably like part of what they were studying, how people like respond to technical difficulties.
SPEAKER_L: I actually wondered I was like, well, if there's technical difficulties this time, then I'm going to probably assume that there's some part of it. But who knows? We got paid for the whole time. We weren't sure if it would since there wouldn't be any audio from me but we did so I did at least, I don't know. I've never met her again. Okay. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So what are our
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: instructions?
SPEAKER_L: think we're just supposed to chat. They didn't give me anything specific on topics so Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Oh, interesting. Do they want to like have a habitat?
SPEAKER_L: they're just like yeah I get you know I think last time we think that the gal and I ended up talking about cooking and it was it was
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: it was fun. So whereabouts are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the san Francisco Bay area.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Alright. I grew up in South city. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'm in san leandro if you know that. How about
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: up in Salem Oregon so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I actually taking a drive up there um in actually Wednesday. Um My boyfriend
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: lives up in um Washington State, so can't really fly these days, so.
SPEAKER_L: my sister was like you should come fly to see it's like no she's like I'll pay for the flight, it's not about taking like no thank you. I don't want to. Especially now that like american Airlines is where he is filling their stuff back up again like no, no thank you. But at least you're able to drive to go visit him. I don't have a car. So going to visit my
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: half. My, my girlfriend lives in pennsylvania. So
SPEAKER_R: or no, that's a that's a long voyage,
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to actually, I'm going to take these off now that the screaming inside has stopped. I live on site of a daycare and so behind that wall has been loud toddlers for the last couple of hours but they finally stopped being noisy so I can hear things.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I don't know the pacific northwest Oregon on quite a bit the last few months, like driving up there and in fact it's a very very pretty part of the country I really like hadn't hadn't discovered it or spend much time up there at all until like the last year. So
SPEAKER_L: Where are you from originally burger. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Southern California. So.
SPEAKER_L: so you get, you get the war, you get the idea where the beach is actually something that's a fun thing to go to. I had a friend visit me from florida and she's like I wouldn't go to the water. Okay, we're going to Ghirardelli Square, we can, you can go see the, we just went right down to the beach right there and I'm like, if you really, you put your feet in that water and you really want to go swimming, I will take you to ocean beach, but you aren't going to want to go swimming. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. Yeah it's uh not quite the beach that I think people imagine California it's like 11 state it's the same and it's like very different depending on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My dad's side of the family all live down there. My my uncle's got a condo down in Fullerton. So when uh when we want to go see family will go down there and go take over the condo and go hang out at the beach. But the rest of my family is in Manteca, so uh not too far from here, but it's always nice when I get somebody who's like, hey, I know I lived there too many of my friends, I'm like, I lived there, I lived there, I lived in eight states as an adult, so. Right.
SPEAKER_R: that's a lot of um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: a lot
SPEAKER_L: Sure.
SPEAKER_R: of moving around which is your favorite state so far.
SPEAKER_L: home san Francisco California always, but Oregon has been pretty good to me. Um uh you know, I don't have a whole bunch of allergies here, which when you grow up in the berry, I'm allergic to eucalyptus and not always
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: in the big area, like I hit puberty and like all of a sudden it turned on the allergies and it just became, I can't breathe. Okay, Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting. My husband had the same experience since he used to be down here and he moved back up like no more allergies. It must just be something about
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: this area.
SPEAKER_L: and it depends on what allergies you have, like, I'm allergic to cottonwood, which I discovered the last place, the last thing I lived in before I moved to Oregon was when I was colorado, and I walked outside one day, the year that I lived there and honestly I thought it was, some kid was like washing cars. I'd never seen the cottonwood fluff floating around before. My girlfriend at the time, she was like, no, that's from the cottonwood trees, and then I started sneezing like, hey,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and sellers, yeah, there's a there's a cottonwood tree across the street, but if you consume local honey, it really does help with allergies. Uh So
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: I was great until lockdown this year because of course lockdown means no local farmers market, so no
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: local
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: heaven,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: but I'd rather be safe and have allergies.
SPEAKER_R: that seems like a whole trade off and on
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: um lockdown in every reopening in Oregon. It
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: seems like one of the states that's been doing okay.
SPEAKER_L: They're okay. Um Marion County, where I'm at is one of the worst ones were just now moving to phase two, but it's we still have a decent uptick. I um because I live in a daycare, I'm really, really careful, like I don't work here, so I only see the kids if I need to and use the restroom while the dick. I've got everything else I need out here. Um But uh so I make sure you know I'm wearing a mask when I leave the house but I haven't gone probably more than half a mile from my home since March. Like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: the bus system got shut down so I had no way to get to the grocery store. Um thankfully amazon can take E. B. T. Cards online. So I was able to get some of myself. I work from home doing transcription which pays the bills but
SPEAKER_R: of course
SPEAKER_L: not very much more. So I just I signed a contract today to do independent contract work for gallo. Thank
SPEAKER_R: well congratulations,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully that will no longer be initial just be like yeah I'll order it off a safeway or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Uh No it's I can't imagine not having a car right now just because you can't like I just wouldn't feel safe and wouldn't want to put other people at risk using public transportation. That
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which is why I like the buses opened back up after only a couple of weeks but and so I've been ready to have to use it. I haven't had to I'm lucky my doctor's offices like four blocks away from me. Uh The dispensary is four blocks away for me. The corner store has everything I absolutely need if I can't wait. So and just stay close by. I live across the street from a big park so I go exercise their um
SPEAKER_R: that's nice. Liveable,
SPEAKER_L: yeah my my local friends will come and we'll do social distancing picnic. It's
SPEAKER_R: you know something.
SPEAKER_L: nice it's like I got to see them a couple of like a couple weeks ago. First time I'd seen any of my friends in months when it wasn't through a computer screen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm sure that was was nice. A lot of my
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: son that you left the Bay Area um in the last few months because you know why you pay for the roof before here if you're not like doing anything, you don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Seriously I uh I spent most of my twenties in san Francisco proper and I left home and then I came back but lived in the actual city and I'm a big karaoke find. And all of my friends that we were doing karaoke when everything shut down, they switched and they've been doing a weekly zoom karaoke party, which I finally get to participate
SPEAKER_R: Also.
SPEAKER_L: in because I'm here now that I can be online, so I'll dial in on monday evenings and my other half's on the east coast and so she'll dial in so we can sing cheesy love songs with each other and everybody go, oh God make them stop. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So simple, you know things are good that will do that kind of bonding experience when you can be a clear they're important
SPEAKER_L: so how how long have you and your boyfriend been together?
SPEAKER_R: but you know now
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're right about that for how long we've been together, we've known each other since we were 13 and 15. So most
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: of our lives it just took her 25 years to catch up to where I felt.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's great. Uh give you up in san Francisco area as well
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. We went to school together, we went to a tiny school in Pacifica. I don't know if you know pacific yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah I'm driving down and it's pretty that
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: granted like where you see the, that uh just shows up, I don't know where.
SPEAKER_L: And you've got the taco bell on the beach. That is the only taco bell in the world that serves food beachside that you can walk up in your, in your wetsuit and do stuff. I remember seeing that I'm one of those like interesting fast food joints was like, hey, I know that place if you, if you drive up up one there and you turn left on linda mar and drive back a mile is where my school, it's a K. Through 12 school. And like I started there in 86, I graduated from there in 99 and we met when I was in 7th grade and she would have been a sophomore. Both stayed after school to watch a boy play baseball. And then we grew up and realized you forget The Voice.
SPEAKER_R: Why it's a great story uh like they had a k. Through 12 schools in that part those parts. Um.
SPEAKER_L: It's called, what is it called now? It's called pacific Bay School now. But it was on the Heights christian academy. So tiny private school. But um like preachers, kids private school, not like rich kids private school. Like when I finished, it's much bigger now. But when I finished, I think there were 300 kids K through 12. Super
SPEAKER_R: that is
SPEAKER_L: super tiny.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So I'm a journalist, I write about like medicine and health so as you can imagine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's definitely been pretty weird to, you know, I cover something that's a little like niche and and people don't necessarily like weren't before this weren't following it in the same way like you know a specialized field and now it's like normal topic of conversation like you know which drugs are in development?
SPEAKER_L: Gosh.
SPEAKER_R: So for the coronavirus, it's definitely been weird having kind of mine just like daily life like the top story because
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: corporate rating old medicine is not, it often doesn't make headlines and like mainstream places in a way that
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: probably like politics. So
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. Well like in Gillian's announcement today has twitter like losing their mind. But
SPEAKER_R: yeah people just like most family and friends like didn't follow gilliard announcements before so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, because I do transcription for a living. I've actually, I transcribe stuff with people doing interviews. I get lots of medical stuff I get before this, it was college classes and legal proceedings and I get those too. But now it's so much, it's people having conference calls about what to do about how the specific company is handling it and listening. I don't know, invariably it seems like these people doing research studies only have people with super thick accents on the phone. I'm like, I believe that, you know exactly what you're doing, but they can't understand a word you just said. So it was fun. It's one of the reasons why I had the headphones on because I'm so used to I can't do it with no, when I'm trying to transcribe, you know, you've got to be able to hear every little nuance and not only that.
SPEAKER_R: I do too. I mean I'm not I don't need like a perfect transcript from my notes. Um So like two sentences here and there when I just pull a quote for for an article.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I want to respect the work that you do is really create a GPO precise and like careful
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of crazy. I mean, working for a place like rev, you know, most people um you have to pass, you know, basic spelling grammar and how accurate test, but you don't have to have a degree. And it has massively spent at my typing Before that I was
SPEAKER_R: what.
SPEAKER_L: typing. I mean I typed like 65 or 70 words per minute, which is totally unacceptable amount. I'm completing projects now with 83, words per minute. And that's adjusted because I correct myself as I go. And plus I learned constantly. It's so cool. It seems like every day I'm learning something now, I've never did well doing school where I have to learn the thing, let me choose to learn the thing and.
SPEAKER_R: that seems like a good fit for for a lot of people. Um That was cool to be able to like learn new things depending on what you're transcribing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and because I get to pick from what I'm transcribing, like you can supposedly when people upload files, they are clicking, how many people are in there um and what the subject matter is, or at least from the from the topics they give and most of the time, nobody, they don't click it. And so then I just have to start listening and I'll select the category myself. But it's the body cam ones are frustrating as all get out. Like everybody talks about body cams and there are really great thing for visuals and stuff, but the audio aspect of it, if you're trying to transcribe a body cam, you're hearing everybody talking around you and you've got the radio sits right next to the body cam. So you keep hearing the clicking. Not
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like any time I'm like, oh, look, legal, body cam, multiple people done. Like I can do to people speaking, I can do a few more in certain situations, but only like if it's something scripted and they're going from one person to another. People talking over each other. Exact
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't have a transcription of like television shows in college for like grad students who were you know writing like there is a patient is on um you know certain T. V. Shows and it's so hard to contrive like people talking over each other because you can't in order to do. And it's very.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's kind of been saying it's fun for me right now, um because one of my favorite shows is about to come back from hiatus and so I keep coming across interviews about the show on my job, I'm choosing not to listen to them because I don't want to be spoiled okay. So I was like,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: no, but like I I accidentally spoiled myself for Supergirl once, I spoiled myself for this last season of The Flash, it's like okay, no, spoiling what on earth I want to be surprised. Plus I'm writing my own fan fiction and if I have it's right speculative fiction, so like if I have answers, it's no fun. Yeah, I'm I'm a big fan fiction nerd, so yeah. Mm
SPEAKER_R: What is uh what are some of the like are the shows you've written or books or
SPEAKER_L: tv
SPEAKER_R: tv shows or movies?
SPEAKER_L: shows for me, um I started with Xena way back in the day, like 99 2000 started writing it. Um Glee is probably whatever in the most of and I mean that's the most, one of the most prolific tv shows when it comes to fan fiction in the world, it past supernatural before it had, I think before it made it to its fourth season and supernatural like 15 seasons long. Um but these days it's Carmela, it's one on her by just this is my second that I've written for them and some stuff in the air over Supergirl arrow. Um so it depends just on who somebody will be like wait, there's a flat bunny go with this and it's like okay, I wrote like one random black one, a couple for bones, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It seems like really
SPEAKER_L: come here.
SPEAKER_R: like cyber community online writers that are defined it supportive or people.
SPEAKER_L: Um for the most part is I find um I have an ongoing argument with my family, my sister has a degree in english and my sister does not consider fan fiction real writing. And I'm like I have friends in my fandom who are professors of writing. We have a there's an amazing author in the glee fandom who wrote this wonderful, wonderful story a couple of 100,000 words long. She's a creative writing professor at N. Y. U. She did this for fun. And it was just like well why doesn't why don't people create their own characters? Just like you don't tell everybody who learns how to play the guitar. You don't, to me and everyone who learned to play the guitar, that they learned how to play their own music, you work with other stuff. So when you're doing fan fiction, when you are taking somebody else's characters and you're playing with them. And I'm I grew up in the time when you know, fan fiction was was a taboo that you didn't talk about it, you didn't acknowledge it exists. Like every now and then I'll see a series of tumbler post about that and I'll reply because I've got these earl kids who are like why would you put all these disclaimers like because we used to have to or we would get arrested potentially uh and Rice notorious for sending cease and desist letters and I've never been one to write fan fiction for for books though. Uh yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's it's I don't know it's a little bit different, especially the not there's still writing, they're writing the series but tv shows you've got so much space that you that you can work in. So I mean that works movies too. It's just the things that have hit for me. Um I mean I came from a time when you didn't see a lot of clear content on tv so we would write it ourselves, we're like and now it's I specialize in behind the scenes canon. So I want you to read my thing and go like oh yeah that totally happened on the show, I just didn't see it
SPEAKER_R: Right so it's consistent with the story as
SPEAKER_L: And not
SPEAKER_R: you saw it on the T. V. Show
SPEAKER_L: exactly a us have their alternate universes have their place and they're wonderful. And a lot of times you if you get somebody writing something long, it's absolutely cannon until they start writing. And then, you know, the show continues on, it goes one direction and I'm reading it's like a 500,000 words story right now from from an author who watched the first two seasons of What on Earth and then started writing and then watch the third season somewhere in between. You can absolutely see the moment that she goes, oh crap, this is not what happened in the in the show. Well.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Um I don't really like wasn't when I was a teenager did a little bit of dabbling
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: um in like harry potter fan fiction uh with some friends and and read some online. There was definitely I think as you pointed out like there's not any queer representation in books. And
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: so it seemed like that was a lot of what was written about, like imagining relationships that weren't in the book because there just wasn't shown there.
SPEAKER_L: that's what my part my partner used to write harry potter fan fiction though. I love the woman but she she should snap in her Miami at post post school like you know her Miami up down
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: the road but that was still like babe of everyone you but we also have
SPEAKER_R: that will
SPEAKER_L: fundamental differences of opinions of her whether or not snap was a villain or not. So she's like but he always thinks I'm like but all these things.
SPEAKER_R: that's true all girls, the answer is like you're meant to be debating that question
SPEAKER_L: The following
SPEAKER_R: point, it's not like an easy answer as to whether he
SPEAKER_L: coming.
SPEAKER_R: is like a villain or a good guy.
SPEAKER_L: we're working our way through um Have you read a laurel K Hamilton's Anita blake series? Are
SPEAKER_R: I'm not
SPEAKER_L: you the Empire person that don't spark?
SPEAKER_R: more growing up nothing anymore.
SPEAKER_L: So you needed like novels. There's 26 books. The 27th 1 is coming out in August and I read constantly. I mean I read before the pandemic, I was reading a million words a week right now. It's closer to two which comparatively
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: the whole Harry Potter series is 950,000 words. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I read because I literally was sitting here reading when while I was waiting on you. It's just what I do. Um But um I read right before the 26th book came out, I reread all the old ones in like a month and my now girlfriend was my best friend and I talked her into reading the series with me and it took us four months and we'd be on the phone every single night, three or four or five hours talking about it And breaking stuff down. We actually just literally were re going through the whole thing right now, waiting for the new book to come out. And we stopped on like the fourth book in the 1st 10 chapters took us three hours to talk about just because now we're looking at because I had read the series the first time, but now she's read it. So she knows the motivations of these characters that we find out down the road. And it's so much fun to get into these conversations and debates and you learn so much about your partner when that's the thing that you're debating, like we do we discuss
SPEAKER_R: Partners.
SPEAKER_L: politics and stuff, but you can only go that far with that before you either confirm, you agree on everything or you reach discussions that you can't move on from. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: sense. Let's take home. I'm sure that's a
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: nice way to
SPEAKER_L: First? First?
SPEAKER_R: rediscover the series two if you've read it before and probably
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: probably being at a second time
SPEAKER_L: yeah. It's fun because you never know what somebody's going to pick up on based on their own life history. Um We have, there's a there's a scene where a character is terrified that she's pregnant and she's sobbing and almost willing herself to death. In that moment she's injured and she's and one of the other characters like fights and like gets her attention and convinces her to live and does not ever say you have to live for the baby. All they keep doing is reaffirming her, need to live for herself. And we got to the end of it and I'm sobbing because I've suffered depression most of my life. I see how wonderful the thing is is that my partner has seen depression, but it's never experienced it. So she just like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: why do you love this scene so much? And I'm like, let me explain it 45 minutes later she's crying, she's like, Okay, now I get it. But I love being able
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: to figure those things out. I mean that's why what you find in a good partner, you able to keep talking about things no matter what. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely be able to.
SPEAKER_L: Well then you understand you live far away from yours. Yeah. That's hard though man. At least you guys can drive up and down now. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: well it's a lot easier to be like different diving distance rather than like flying, especially a few days with airplanes, things kind of Unpleased thing. They are unfortunate.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how how long this relationship would have lasted if we didn't have that 25 years of of knowing one another. Because I mean we haven't seen each other in person 14 years I think 13 or 14
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: years. But you know it doesn't stop us from being disgustingly cute. My phone has lit up at least twice while we've been talking and probably at least one of them is some disgustingly cute text messages. Like I'm busy not touching it because if I look at it, I will just look like an idiot get over the plate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's great. Um with this was something about five minutes.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're right at it approach.
SPEAKER_R: So what do we have to do anything like official too?
SPEAKER_L: I think, yeah, once we know it's been 25. Yeah. Because it's 427 and you logged in like right at like 401. Yeah. How long is I? I clicked the link early, so how long does it have the thing open on for you? Whoa. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so so I I think I couldn't quit the next button, let it like prompted me in an act like how is the technical quality? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that's the click after you're done. So, yeah, we should be good. And all right. Well, I was chatting with you always random that
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: we ended up
SPEAKER_R: curriculum,
SPEAKER_L: having the same name. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we'll have an expected
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: today.