me. Mm. Yeah. Mm hmm. All right. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mark. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right. Mhm. Mhm Hi,
nowhere.
Yeah. I had to sit there and be like, wait, this link doesn't work. Okay. Here's the copy faced. But hi, I'm becca.
That's
fun. Cool. Have you done one of these before?
I did. I think actually specifically for this study the last round that they did, but for some reason my microphone wouldn't work. So we
ended up, I use a white board for my job. I I do transcription and I'll take notes on it. And I literally just wrote my answers because I could hear her. So I just wrote answers and held it up for the whole thing. Yeah.
I actually wondered I was like, well, if there's technical difficulties this time, then I'm going to probably assume that there's some part of it. But who knows? We got paid for the whole time. We weren't sure if it would since there wouldn't be any audio from me but we did so I did at least, I don't know. I've never met her again. Okay. Yeah
I
think we're just supposed to chat. They didn't give me anything specific on topics so Yeah
they're just like yeah I get you know I think last time we think that the gal and I ended up talking about cooking and it was it was
it was fun. So whereabouts are you?
cool. Alright. I grew up in South city. Yeah.
I'm
up in Salem Oregon so Yeah.
But
my sister was like you should come fly to see it's like no she's like I'll pay for the flight, it's not about taking like no thank you. I don't want to. Especially now that like american Airlines is where he is filling their stuff back up again like no, no thank you. But at least you're able to drive to go visit him. I don't have a car. So going to visit my
other
half. My, my girlfriend lives in pennsylvania. So
I'm going to actually, I'm going to take these off now that the screaming inside has stopped. I live on site of a daycare and so behind that wall has been loud toddlers for the last couple of hours but they finally stopped being noisy so I can hear things.
Where are you from originally burger. Okay,
so you get, you get the war, you get the idea where the beach is actually something that's a fun thing to go to. I had a friend visit me from florida and she's like I wouldn't go to the water. Okay, we're going to Ghirardelli Square, we can, you can go see the, we just went right down to the beach right there and I'm like, if you really, you put your feet in that water and you really want to go swimming, I will take you to ocean beach, but you aren't going to want to go swimming. Yeah.
Yeah. My dad's side of the family all live down there. My my uncle's got a condo down in Fullerton. So when uh when we want to go see family will go down there and go take over the condo and go hang out at the beach. But the rest of my family is in Manteca, so uh not too far from here, but it's always nice when I get somebody who's like, hey, I know I lived there too many of my friends, I'm like, I lived there, I lived there, I lived in eight states as an adult, so. Right.
Mhm.
Sure.
home san Francisco California always, but Oregon has been pretty good to me. Um uh you know, I don't have a whole bunch of allergies here, which when you grow up in the berry, I'm allergic to eucalyptus and not always
in the big area, like I hit puberty and like all of a sudden it turned on the allergies and it just became, I can't breathe. Okay, Okay.
Well,
and it depends on what allergies you have, like, I'm allergic to cottonwood, which I discovered the last place, the last thing I lived in before I moved to Oregon was when I was colorado, and I walked outside one day, the year that I lived there and honestly I thought it was, some kid was like washing cars. I'd never seen the cottonwood fluff floating around before. My girlfriend at the time, she was like, no, that's from the cottonwood trees, and then I started sneezing like, hey,
and sellers, yeah, there's a there's a cottonwood tree across the street, but if you consume local honey, it really does help with allergies. Uh So
I was great until lockdown this year because of course lockdown means no local farmers market, so no
local
heaven,
but I'd rather be safe and have allergies.
but
All
They're okay. Um Marion County, where I'm at is one of the worst ones were just now moving to phase two, but it's we still have a decent uptick. I um because I live in a daycare, I'm really, really careful, like I don't work here, so I only see the kids if I need to and use the restroom while the dick. I've got everything else I need out here. Um But uh so I make sure you know I'm wearing a mask when I leave the house but I haven't gone probably more than half a mile from my home since March. Like
the bus system got shut down so I had no way to get to the grocery store. Um thankfully amazon can take E. B. T. Cards online. So I was able to get some of myself. I work from home doing transcription which pays the bills but
not very much more. So I just I signed a contract today to do independent contract work for gallo. Thank
you.
So
hopefully that will no longer be initial just be like yeah I'll order it off a safeway or whatever.
Yeah. Which is why I like the buses opened back up after only a couple of weeks but and so I've been ready to have to use it. I haven't had to I'm lucky my doctor's offices like four blocks away from me. Uh The dispensary is four blocks away for me. The corner store has everything I absolutely need if I can't wait. So and just stay close by. I live across the street from a big park so I go exercise their um
yeah my my local friends will come and we'll do social distancing picnic. It's
nice it's like I got to see them a couple of like a couple weeks ago. First time I'd seen any of my friends in months when it wasn't through a computer screen. Yeah.
No.
Seriously I uh I spent most of my twenties in san Francisco proper and I left home and then I came back but lived in the actual city and I'm a big karaoke find. And all of my friends that we were doing karaoke when everything shut down, they switched and they've been doing a weekly zoom karaoke party, which I finally get to participate
in because I'm here now that I can be online, so I'll dial in on monday evenings and my other half's on the east coast and so she'll dial in so we can sing cheesy love songs with each other and everybody go, oh God make them stop. Yeah,
so how how long have you and your boyfriend been together?
Yeah, we're right about that for how long we've been together, we've known each other since we were 13 and 15. So most
of our lives it just took her 25 years to catch up to where I felt.
yeah, yeah. We went to school together, we went to a tiny school in Pacifica. I don't know if you know pacific yeah,
actually,
And you've got the taco bell on the beach. That is the only taco bell in the world that serves food beachside that you can walk up in your, in your wetsuit and do stuff. I remember seeing that I'm one of those like interesting fast food joints was like, hey, I know that place if you, if you drive up up one there and you turn left on linda mar and drive back a mile is where my school, it's a K. Through 12 school. And like I started there in 86, I graduated from there in 99 and we met when I was in 7th grade and she would have been a sophomore. Both stayed after school to watch a boy play baseball. And then we grew up and realized you forget The Voice.
It's called, what is it called now? It's called pacific Bay School now. But it was on the Heights christian academy. So tiny private school. But um like preachers, kids private school, not like rich kids private school. Like when I finished, it's much bigger now. But when I finished, I think there were 300 kids K through 12. Super
super tiny.
Yeah. So what do you do for a living?
Yeah.
Gosh.
Good.
Thanks.
Makes sense. Well like in Gillian's announcement today has twitter like losing their mind. But
yeah, because I do transcription for a living. I've actually, I transcribe stuff with people doing interviews. I get lots of medical stuff I get before this, it was college classes and legal proceedings and I get those too. But now it's so much, it's people having conference calls about what to do about how the specific company is handling it and listening. I don't know, invariably it seems like these people doing research studies only have people with super thick accents on the phone. I'm like, I believe that, you know exactly what you're doing, but they can't understand a word you just said. So it was fun. It's one of the reasons why I had the headphones on because I'm so used to I can't do it with no, when I'm trying to transcribe, you know, you've got to be able to hear every little nuance and not only that.
that makes sense. Yeah.
It's kind of crazy. I mean, working for a place like rev, you know, most people um you have to pass, you know, basic spelling grammar and how accurate test, but you don't have to have a degree. And it has massively spent at my typing Before that I was
typing. I mean I typed like 65 or 70 words per minute, which is totally unacceptable amount. I'm completing projects now with 83, words per minute. And that's adjusted because I correct myself as I go. And plus I learned constantly. It's so cool. It seems like every day I'm learning something now, I've never did well doing school where I have to learn the thing, let me choose to learn the thing and.
Yeah, and because I get to pick from what I'm transcribing, like you can supposedly when people upload files, they are clicking, how many people are in there um and what the subject matter is, or at least from the from the topics they give and most of the time, nobody, they don't click it. And so then I just have to start listening and I'll select the category myself. But it's the body cam ones are frustrating as all get out. Like everybody talks about body cams and there are really great thing for visuals and stuff, but the audio aspect of it, if you're trying to transcribe a body cam, you're hearing everybody talking around you and you've got the radio sits right next to the body cam. So you keep hearing the clicking. Not
like any time I'm like, oh, look, legal, body cam, multiple people done. Like I can do to people speaking, I can do a few more in certain situations, but only like if it's something scripted and they're going from one person to another. People talking over each other. Exact
Yeah, it's kind of been saying it's fun for me right now, um because one of my favorite shows is about to come back from hiatus and so I keep coming across interviews about the show on my job, I'm choosing not to listen to them because I don't want to be spoiled okay. So I was like,
no, but like I I accidentally spoiled myself for Supergirl once, I spoiled myself for this last season of The Flash, it's like okay, no, spoiling what on earth I want to be surprised. Plus I'm writing my own fan fiction and if I have it's right speculative fiction, so like if I have answers, it's no fun. Yeah, I'm I'm a big fan fiction nerd, so yeah. Mm
tv
shows for me, um I started with Xena way back in the day, like 99 2000 started writing it. Um Glee is probably whatever in the most of and I mean that's the most, one of the most prolific tv shows when it comes to fan fiction in the world, it past supernatural before it had, I think before it made it to its fourth season and supernatural like 15 seasons long. Um but these days it's Carmela, it's one on her by just this is my second that I've written for them and some stuff in the air over Supergirl arrow. Um so it depends just on who somebody will be like wait, there's a flat bunny go with this and it's like okay, I wrote like one random black one, a couple for bones, so yeah,
come here.
Um for the most part is I find um I have an ongoing argument with my family, my sister has a degree in english and my sister does not consider fan fiction real writing. And I'm like I have friends in my fandom who are professors of writing. We have a there's an amazing author in the glee fandom who wrote this wonderful, wonderful story a couple of 100,000 words long. She's a creative writing professor at N. Y. U. She did this for fun. And it was just like well why doesn't why don't people create their own characters? Just like you don't tell everybody who learns how to play the guitar. You don't, to me and everyone who learned to play the guitar, that they learned how to play their own music, you work with other stuff. So when you're doing fan fiction, when you are taking somebody else's characters and you're playing with them. And I'm I grew up in the time when you know, fan fiction was was a taboo that you didn't talk about it, you didn't acknowledge it exists. Like every now and then I'll see a series of tumbler post about that and I'll reply because I've got these earl kids who are like why would you put all these disclaimers like because we used to have to or we would get arrested potentially uh and Rice notorious for sending cease and desist letters and I've never been one to write fan fiction for for books though. Uh yeah
it's it's I don't know it's a little bit different, especially the not there's still writing, they're writing the series but tv shows you've got so much space that you that you can work in. So I mean that works movies too. It's just the things that have hit for me. Um I mean I came from a time when you didn't see a lot of clear content on tv so we would write it ourselves, we're like and now it's I specialize in behind the scenes canon. So I want you to read my thing and go like oh yeah that totally happened on the show, I just didn't see it
And not
exactly a us have their alternate universes have their place and they're wonderful. And a lot of times you if you get somebody writing something long, it's absolutely cannon until they start writing. And then, you know, the show continues on, it goes one direction and I'm reading it's like a 500,000 words story right now from from an author who watched the first two seasons of What on Earth and then started writing and then watch the third season somewhere in between. You can absolutely see the moment that she goes, oh crap, this is not what happened in the in the show. Well.
No.
But
that's what my part my partner used to write harry potter fan fiction though. I love the woman but she she should snap in her Miami at post post school like you know her Miami up down
the road but that was still like babe of everyone you but we also have
fundamental differences of opinions of her whether or not snap was a villain or not. So she's like but he always thinks I'm like but all these things.
The following
coming.
we're working our way through um Have you read a laurel K Hamilton's Anita blake series? Are
you the Empire person that don't spark?
So you needed like novels. There's 26 books. The 27th 1 is coming out in August and I read constantly. I mean I read before the pandemic, I was reading a million words a week right now. It's closer to two which comparatively
the whole Harry Potter series is 950,000 words. So
yeah, I read because I literally was sitting here reading when while I was waiting on you. It's just what I do. Um But um I read right before the 26th book came out, I reread all the old ones in like a month and my now girlfriend was my best friend and I talked her into reading the series with me and it took us four months and we'd be on the phone every single night, three or four or five hours talking about it And breaking stuff down. We actually just literally were re going through the whole thing right now, waiting for the new book to come out. And we stopped on like the fourth book in the 1st 10 chapters took us three hours to talk about just because now we're looking at because I had read the series the first time, but now she's read it. So she knows the motivations of these characters that we find out down the road. And it's so much fun to get into these conversations and debates and you learn so much about your partner when that's the thing that you're debating, like we do we discuss
politics and stuff, but you can only go that far with that before you either confirm, you agree on everything or you reach discussions that you can't move on from. Mhm.
But
What?
First? First?
definitely.
yeah. It's fun because you never know what somebody's going to pick up on based on their own life history. Um We have, there's a there's a scene where a character is terrified that she's pregnant and she's sobbing and almost willing herself to death. In that moment she's injured and she's and one of the other characters like fights and like gets her attention and convinces her to live and does not ever say you have to live for the baby. All they keep doing is reaffirming her, need to live for herself. And we got to the end of it and I'm sobbing because I've suffered depression most of my life. I see how wonderful the thing is is that my partner has seen depression, but it's never experienced it. So she just like
why do you love this scene so much? And I'm like, let me explain it 45 minutes later she's crying, she's like, Okay, now I get it. But I love being able
to figure those things out. I mean that's why what you find in a good partner, you able to keep talking about things no matter what. Yeah.
Well then you understand you live far away from yours. Yeah. That's hard though man. At least you guys can drive up and down now. That's good.
I don't know how how long this relationship would have lasted if we didn't have that 25 years of of knowing one another. Because I mean we haven't seen each other in person 14 years I think 13 or 14
years. But you know it doesn't stop us from being disgustingly cute. My phone has lit up at least twice while we've been talking and probably at least one of them is some disgustingly cute text messages. Like I'm busy not touching it because if I look at it, I will just look like an idiot get over the plate. Yeah.
I think we're right at it approach.
I think, yeah, once we know it's been 25. Yeah. Because it's 427 and you logged in like right at like 401. Yeah. How long is I? I clicked the link early, so how long does it have the thing open on for you? Whoa. Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, that's that's the click after you're done. So, yeah, we should be good. And all right. Well, I was chatting with you always random that
we ended up
having the same name. Yeah.
You