I don't, yeah, sorry for running four more minutes later, I was just trying to find the
link.
I'm
Rebecca too.
Um You know I've done like the group ones but I've never done like a one on one chat, so this will be my
no.
I figured that out, I'm sure that was probably like part of what they were studying, how people like respond to technical difficulties.
So what are our
instructions?
Okay. Oh, interesting. Do they want to like have a habitat?
But
I'm in the san Francisco Bay area.
Okay, I'm in san leandro if you know that. How about
you?
I actually taking a drive up there um in actually Wednesday. Um My boyfriend
lives up in um Washington State, so can't really fly these days, so.
No
no
or no, that's a that's a long voyage,
Uh I don't know the pacific northwest Oregon on quite a bit the last few months, like driving up there and in fact it's a very very pretty part of the country I really like hadn't hadn't discovered it or spend much time up there at all until like the last year. So
Southern California. So.
That's funny. Yeah it's uh not quite the beach that I think people imagine California it's like 11 state it's the same and it's like very different depending on.
that's a lot of um
a lot
of moving around which is your favorite state so far.
All
that's interesting. My husband had the same experience since he used to be down here and he moved back up like no more allergies. It must just be something about
this area.
No.
I didn't
no
I'm
just
that seems like a whole trade off and on
um lockdown in every reopening in Oregon. It
seems like one of the states that's been doing okay.
So
of course
well congratulations,
let's
go.
Uh No it's I can't imagine not having a car right now just because you can't like I just wouldn't feel safe and wouldn't want to put other people at risk using public transportation. That
that's nice. Liveable,
you know something.
Yeah I'm sure that was was nice. A lot of my
son that you left the Bay Area um in the last few months because you know why you pay for the roof before here if you're not like doing anything, you don't know.
Also.
Mhm. So simple, you know things are good that will do that kind of bonding experience when you can be a clear they're important
but you know now
and
yeah that's great. Uh give you up in san Francisco area as well
wow. Yeah I'm driving down and it's pretty that
granted like where you see the, that uh just shows up, I don't know where.
Why it's a great story uh like they had a k. Through 12 schools in that part those parts. Um.
that is
yeah, I'm sorry.
Mhm. So I'm a journalist, I write about like medicine and health so as you can imagine. Yeah.
Um It's definitely been pretty weird to, you know, I cover something that's a little like niche and and people don't necessarily like weren't before this weren't following it in the same way like you know a specialized field and now it's like normal topic of conversation like you know which drugs are in development?
So for the coronavirus, it's definitely been weird having kind of mine just like daily life like the top story because
corporate rating old medicine is not, it often doesn't make headlines and like mainstream places in a way that
probably like politics. So
yeah people just like most family and friends like didn't follow gilliard announcements before so.
I do too. I mean I'm not I don't need like a perfect transcript from my notes. Um So like two sentences here and there when I just pull a quote for for an article.
I want to respect the work that you do is really create a GPO precise and like careful
what.
that seems like a good fit for for a lot of people. Um That was cool to be able to like learn new things depending on what you're transcribing.
No.
Yeah. I don't have a transcription of like television shows in college for like grad students who were you know writing like there is a patient is on um you know certain T. V. Shows and it's so hard to contrive like people talking over each other because you can't in order to do. And it's very.
I'm sure.
What is uh what are some of the like are the shows you've written or books or
tv shows or movies?
Yeah. It seems like really
like cyber community online writers that are defined it supportive or people.
Okay.
Right so it's consistent with the story as
you saw it on the T. V. Show
interesting. Um I don't really like wasn't when I was a teenager did a little bit of dabbling
um in like harry potter fan fiction uh with some friends and and read some online. There was definitely I think as you pointed out like there's not any queer representation in books. And
so it seemed like that was a lot of what was written about, like imagining relationships that weren't in the book because there just wasn't shown there.
But
that will
that's true all girls, the answer is like you're meant to be debating that question
point, it's not like an easy answer as to whether he
is like a villain or a good guy.
I'm not
more growing up nothing anymore.
well.
Oh my gosh.
Partners.
Yeah that makes
sense. Let's take home. I'm sure that's a
nice way to
rediscover the series two if you've read it before and probably
probably being at a second time
I'm
but
definitely be able to.
well it's a lot easier to be like different diving distance rather than like flying, especially a few days with airplanes, things kind of Unpleased thing. They are unfortunate.
So
Oh that's great. Um with this was something about five minutes.
So what do we have to do anything like official too?
so so I I think I couldn't quit the next button, let it like prompted me in an act like how is the technical quality? Um
And
our
curriculum,
yeah, we'll have an expected
today.