hi how are you doing?
I'm calling from florida.
Okay. Yeah it's hard.
Mhm. Yeah so from where you are can okay Kennedy God. Okay.
So
don't,
yeah so how is the weather used to be there?
It's hard. Uh
I can
Yeah exactly here it's going in 90s and touching 90s.
thing
what
happened?
Yeah exactly it's nice.
Exactly. Yeah it's a nice study but I think now it's going to be at the annually because I've got a few chances and they told that it's after four means you cannot do more after
four. Mhm.
I used to work in an I. T. Company. Yes. Okay. Ah
so and how from how long you are doing your prolific?
Okay that's great. And but good part for me is that Covid has given some benefit to me that I have started in uh this covid time from March. I've started I've never knew about it and it's a good earning thing.
I want to.
that's that's that's an extra inning so it's good to keep it at side we,
Yeah. Nice. My kid likes a lot. Used to ask me mama can we have such parents? I said no not right now we'll think later when you'll be able to take care of them then because my mind idea busy with their work so it's not possible for them to take care so we'll we'll get it for some time for
you.
Okay but actually with the cater sometimes there's a lot of work already. He's a five
year old.
I have also 15 year old. He's yeah.
that's good.
So
busy beyond the problem is sometimes this time is kindergarten is starting so lots of new things
and his mindset have to go according to that. So it's better to give him time first letter.
And
because of this covid we have a lot of extra work cooking a lot and all these times better to get away from all these things.
wow, that's great. Yeah, I know that gets used to entire large for sure. But
access
Great.
You know your experience, I think by this way, I think early for getting the kitten for me. What?
Yeah. And this time even uh we won't break from our, this routine, what is going on. So and getting one
more, it's better to let the kids go for school then it starts to start
I used to work from home.
I mean
in in the covid situation me and my husband we are both in the same kind of profile job. So we both are an I. T. Specialist and uh companies so different companies though we have but we both have a good parties. We are working from home. It's good for the kid also and for us also that we don't have to go um because it's.
And uh but personally I have interest in these things but some people over there in India used to do these things just because they have to come abroad.
Much living.
Wouldn't
this?
Exactly. Yeah. That's very ridiculous to listen.
Not
for
no,
this
happened. I used to learn all these things in history and all these things but now
when I hear I used to see some discrimination also.
Dude.
But
truly speaking I'm also not that type of person that who used to live only in indian community. The community currently I'm living in is mixed community. I never moved myself in the indian community. Indian people mostly used to live near the good schools. They used to make the community over there so that they get their community also and they used to get a good school link for also there for the kids. But I used to live in a community where I have all variety. My neighbors are they are americans. So they are very good. They used to go for fishing and all these stuff, they used to tell us their good friend of us. But yeah, that's bad that the people you don't used to get along with, the people, they used to make their own community
their own stuff like this. And they used to being
too, that only they don't want
to be um means out
spoke making terms with other people.
I know I can, I can yeah.
War
No,
no.
Even if I have been to London for some year and there is also sometimes a lot of discrimination.
I've
been there for one year then replying to move somewhere else and we came here and though my younger brother used to live
and
he's settle in London. But I don't like that place. There is a clear discrimination between the uh huh I mean the british is and other people. It's a
horrible thing.
In this age, in this sanctuary, if we are doing like this, I don't know where our kids will
go
like.
And
they don't understand this head will come in front of them. Also if you are
teaching the same thing.
He
Yeah. There are some areas here also where the people used to say that I'm in actually Jacksonville City, so.
Okay.
It's not,
Augustine.
It's
from
discovered their time. We haven't been there, but otherwise we usually used to go
there very um often like uh in a few days or like it's a beautiful place to roam
about.
What,
what?
Eric
Yeah, that's exactly that that place because of tourists. It's expensive. But if you live nearby. Oh then it's okay.
Exactly. But these things that does not allow us also because of Visa conditions and all those stuff so we also have to rent out only every time. Um So it's very
tough.
No I actually it will take some time to get that kind of assurance that we're going to be living here for many years further. So when our visa used to get until that situation then only it's good to buy the things
b
it
is like uh I like uh intra company transfer Visa and we call
it.
so but it has a time limit that first it goes for three years than for two years than for more two years than it needs a green card, all
those stuff so we are into in between of that. So once we'll get the assurance for some
It's some document called iPhone Ivan 40 even we used to get those things then usually people used to buy the things
ah that is not matter for us. Yeah it's expensive. But that company used to take care of.
Yeah because our companies are learning a lot from us. They are paying the normal wages. Yeah and they are getting a lot from the company to the vendor. They are to whom they are doing contracting a vendor
and
So
But
of my good friends you
uh lost his job in covid situation and then they need to return back to India. That is very.
Yeah. So and going back to India after living here. Nobody wants actually.
because here you can make a lot of money and there is a some very good things for the sake of kids. We can say the
education
and
is that not much good for us because we have to pay a lot for that.
Well
Ask him.
Well
Except
Even when we moved first time here
and my husband told me that we have to pay this much
for every month out of our salary that time I was not working. I just started to a few years back only. So he told me that this much I have to pay for you and for kids for the insurance. I said really this much and then we will go there that we have to pay a copay every time and so many stuff. Oh
And then what happened in 2017 I got one in strength surgery means a kind of it. That was an emergency. My uh I used to get a lot of acidity that time after my kid birth. So I just used to take it some simple pills like intake and all. But suddenly one day I got a lot of pain and the doctor tell he has to do with Ebola abstraction. So in that surgery and my husband told him also just diagnosed him. If I'll get some better she'll get better, I'll go to India and do there or I'll call my parents for the support
so that we are alone hair. Nobody's here to take care of my kids and she will be hospitalized and in surgery. So it will be tough for us. Doctor said no we have to do it immediately otherwise she will die. And that time we did that surgery. I know that's good that I'm safe. But it costs a lot for
us for many years. We paid installment for us now we are finally done with that.
So
the
inner
thank you. Yes.
that's great
New Zealand's okay.
Yeah I hope
so. Good luck for that. Yeah.
but you know it's very ridiculous. Even if we are paying a lot every time we have to get that means I went to the emergency at seven o'clock I remember that they still because I went to the emergency at seven o'clock and they admitted at one o'clock and it was radical as I used I used to cry a lot that day because I was saying to my husband why we were here Willie that did make me worse living here that feel me because they are not taking care. They're not putting even if I'm getting the high temperature or the use of emergency. I told him that even it is such a good country and they don't know the meaning of emergency.
Mrs.
Yeah
This is just out of humanity. What they have done means these
things are not expected from any human all over the world but I don't know why they are still used. People used to come for the treatment here. Sometimes our indian celebrities and all used to come because they have money and all those stuffs but we mediocre people have to struggle a lot for
this
one.
Exactly that's
true.
No
I don't have this misconception. I know so many uh known
people not very close friends.
Yeah they haven't
I don't.
Yeah I know many friends of my means. They are now they are americans but they are from France and all these countries. So they used to tell their stories that it's not like that the parents came here and they are not struggling. They struggle allowed now they are into my company they are doing the same thing which I am doing coding and all these stuff and they have struggle a lot for buying their homes and all these stuff for studies. So it still means now they used to call themselves americans only but yeah I mean they have moved
from the
so how does it work like which platform you're using for that?
no
that's right that's great
with that kind of focus group you're talking?
Yeah so I've applied so many but I got only one call from out of that.
I can sure.
can only
I am
so
lucky that I got because you know for the stuff we have to do further in future, I also need a lot of
So
can
I know you're okay.
Ch R. Y. S.
I.
at all.
D. H.
E. N.
E.
T.
A.
It's chrissy
rotor mill.
That's good thing you're
running. I'm very
means
six
except.
On
Even I was very means when I started this thing prolific. Great.
I used to get surprised why I don't know from
years means I could have made a money
from
like
So it is sometimes I've done some service kind of thing branded survey and survey junkie on my phone. But it's hardly some means very
less
man.
For men
it's,
there are so many, but I have sources there. Ah Life point is there?
but they're very time consuming.
Uh huh.
that's
clean.
Really nice to know. Your experience
is the first time I'm talking to such person who has all these things to share
and means such a lively person I'm talking today. Mm.
it's
yeah it's a good learning. I'm very lucky today that I'm talking to such experienced person. It's a good
learning for my life even.
that
okay. So they used to make different ideas for applying that. Oh.
so the same study the girl is doing with us? Oh
See my thinking is better to look for other options if you are done with one thing, I don't know why people do with these stuff but I think that if I'm done with one thing, better to look for other
options,
maybe
I'll get a little
bit less than other study or another thing.
But.
Exactly. And it takes a lot of time and mind to do all these tools to get the numbers and what you are saying to get the emails creating and
That
that.
she was able to do because she has
to do on phone
call. Otherwise it's not possible at all to do such things.
that is also main
thing. Maybe that
Even I tried so many times. Uh I made different different means. I made accounts for once. I I even forgot
which we have sites I've used once.
I have found that how to get the focus groups me and my husband. So we got some links,
we went there and register but we've never
got the call me once I have done and once my husband and that was the only experience with God. We used to think also why God has not given us these
focus.
How many are there? Yes
So my name is mega
Manisha Gravel. I'll send you the request.
Mika.
Some people take me would
you
you can't see me
and
mary
G. Elephant G. Girl
mary E.
Yeah so M. E. G. D. For glass.
actually this is my husband name but I used to put after me.
and this is my last name I think then you'll find easily
W. L. W. And yes one.
Yeah. Make a manage a gravel. I'm going to find him.
Thank you. Oh
Yeah. All right.
Is this you? Okay?
I sent you my request.
I
got
in with, yes.
I'll also ask my husband
to join if
he's interested.
Okay. I'll go through it and we'll message, we've been aware if I need anything if I need to do.
Thank you. Thank you very much for helping.
I
I really pray to God
to keep such people long life and healthy every time.
And
yeah. And uh and I also learned a good thing from you that if any of my friend means we can share such thing from a friendly.
So
And
But
That
That's
he's currently in India right now. Oh, that's great. You put all over the world are doing this and I am not aware.
Mhm. That's great.
Oh, I like my other um relatives also
if they are interested means.
It's easy.
Yeah. That was the only first I had experience and I was paid around. I didn't remember $125 for that. It was a study for the virtual means. The medical, medical appointment and all these things should go a
virtual or not for that. It was the study. I had a nice experience. Hope I'll get more from
yours.
And the good thing is we are learning also from that what studies are going on currently around us Like that's also a
good part.
And
there is some more other things with that I haven't
tried. But my um younger brother told me that there are some websites which used to send uh, samples to your home and
Well, that's great. How
do we spell that absent A P
S
S. O. An absolute. Okay.
in that also we have to fill something or after a feedback.
feed
that kind of thing. Okay.
You're making me crazy listening
after all
these things. You are making me crazy like.
Act
that's good. Like that's good. Like after ah even after a job we can have something here at least.
Any
other out of apps on, you know, which I can register?
Really? They defined Okay. Because it's risky.
My husband, my brother
used to do in UK, but whatever sites he used to do, they don't run here.
Yeah. Really? That's
amazing to know. I'm very late in knowing all these
things, I guess
then.
will be
well.
But they means we have to do only few things, not more because they used to.
Okay. I'll go through the, how it
works and I
came
to know from him.
that's good.
No, What was that?
Tell
I
I N
Hi.
Intel is after Z what it
is.
Okay. Zoom. Okay. Intel is um, yeah.
Okay.
believably.
huh.
Thank
you.
That's beautiful.
We
have to give something and then they used to pay us, Is it like that
you're telling?
Wow, that's great.
All
of this.
Great.
that's
Thank you. I think the world is very very very well. We have to certain researches.
Yeah. That's fun loving also.
they've is happening with me. Okay.
Yeah. Well, thanks a lot for all we
have talked. Nice.
So like if my salary is near
to 44. Uh huh.
this
so how much is the minimum that we should put it there?
So, but I'm telling you more lesser mine alone, my salaries like lesser than it's around 40 44.
But
So
when
they used to asking the survey branded survey or all these
things I used to put for the household 75-90 between 75-19.
No no not exactly.
See we are talking I think you can guess how the person
I
am.
I don't really want in these things truly.
Be sure from my side for all these stuffs.
Yeah.
But
I just want to have If you in a month because
I'm already working it's very tough to manage with the 9-5 job. All right so just feel more a few extra things
to.
Okay that's good. Yeah that's also a good time here. Exactly.
If
I am doing this uh this one what we are doing right now just because it's still I'm getting $15. It's a lot for
half.
But focus are really very good. I know one experience one day I had and it's really nice to me.
me
too
No not crazy. It's work
means when we know the other things the worth
of that value. Why should we do
if,
sure
thank you.
Thank you.
Well
well
Well
what's that?
This could start to available to security cannot be
phone which is you've got.
Thanks.
I
don't
think
anything
catholic.
Well I don't know and good.
Anything.
Hi
I'm
movies Eddie.
but
did you already
help
you?
that's
What?
Yeah it will certainly they call them.
This
from
what
do you want to go
january
decorate the medical messages.
I think this is what I think.