Kamala Harris administration about a comprehensive plan To meet the challenge of COVID-19 and turn the corner on this pandemic nasty, clear science based guidance dramatically scaling up testing many states and local governments and resources. They need to open the schools and Okay. Mhm. Oh Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh okay. Right. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. No. Oh. Uh huh. Oh hello.
I am fine. How are you know where you calling from?
Okay. How is it down there is a hot,
it's hot here too. For connect. I'm in Connecticut but it's still hot.
Yes, I've been
here
in New England. Yeah.
It's hot. Believe.
it or not. It's pretty hot here. I leave for me. It is anyway, it's in the 80s. So that's
hard for me.
Have you had a lot of calls and people not show up? Maybe
One
time
I've had, it happened several times. But I keep doing it. So it's unusual. $10. Right?
When you get to talk to some nice new people that you never met before.
What
Well that sucks. What did you do down there?
I'm disabled. So I don't do much of anything anymore. So. Yeah.
Oh gosh. I don't know. It's been in that a year and a half, two years. Something like that.
It is. It actually is. I haven't tapped me out. I've left it in there. I have probably over $600 in there now. However, that converts from pounds $2
or however, but I converted it anyway. I looked online to see how much I have. So it's about $630. I just, you know what I do? I just leave it there in case something goes wrong. It's hard wrong then. I know I have money there so I don't have to worry about. Yeah.
I mean they don't take long to transfer it over. I did. I cashed out one time and it goes right to paypal. Easy, easy. So me and the kitties, I have three. There's two of them laying over there. You can't see the one but kitty cat.
Parts
are easy though. Yeah. You know I mean you're empty their box once a week and feed them and that's pretty much it. They do what they want to do their sleepyheads over here today Just
I
know I had one. How many do you have?
you're busy, busy. Yeah. My granddaughter will be three. Yeah,
he's a bit 1, 2. Well
even.
Well
Yeah it doesn't need one now. We'll just pick it up and drag it around and get scratched and you
know,
last I have a big cat. Partnering tube cat is £17. He's a big big, big kitty and money was the first baby that he ever saw. And I was worried about it because you know, you don't know how they're going to react and you know whether they're gonna be mean or hateful to her or not. He is so good with her. He it's funny. She'll be on the coffee table coloring. She had talked and he's just laying on the coffee table like here she is. You know, and then she takes the chalk and she tries to draw on his white belly, you know,
You know, that's when they grow up together though, you know what I mean? Because then the cats used to them, you know, I have two kittens that I got and they're they're not used to her. They run And it's funny because they're faster than she is. So she can't they take off hard away from her you know? But ali she's here all is right with her. He loves her to death. You know I think it's because the mama lived here when she was pregnant and I think these animals know when when people are pregnant and he was just you know he was used to her. The funny part was when they first brought her here she was in the car seat and she was asleep so she didn't move so he was like right next to her car seat and all of a sudden she moved her leg and he just jumped like oh my God it's alive what is it? It
was funny. It was funny. But he loves her. You
run
I mean you know wait till he goes to school that way he doesn't drive her crazy. You know if you get a cat you know um That way the kitty has a break from him and you know there, yeah. So you know the kid he can get used to him and have have a break so he's not chasing her around all day. Um Mommy does that to my kittens and they hide up here in the bedroom when she's here it won't come out because I know she's gonna be some morale.
People.
All right. So are you working from home or did you lose your job or what happened?
Okay. You're not still
working?
You know it's interesting. I used to live in texas and there's a big indian popular population in texas in Dallas area because they all come down there to go to school. So I you know had a lot of indian friends and it's just amazing how much you guys are into. I ki and tech and computers and all that stuff. I hate that stuff. I am glad there's somebody in the world that likes to do it because I don't want to do it, that's first work. But because they were all you know in decoding and doing all that stuff and I'm like I don't understand any of that stuff.
Oh yeah that's true, that's true. You know it's interesting because um Connecticut, there's a lot of Pakistani people here too and I talked to a guy that on the gas station about it and when he told me was that one person comes over they make so much money, then they go back home, they send somebody else over and that person works and save so much money then they go back home. I said isn't that interesting how how that all works because you know for you know if they make a half a million dollars here and they take that home that's a lot of money you know and I said that's an interesting way of thinking about it and doing it. You know everybody in the family gets their chance and he actually lived over top of the gas station so we had no like you
living expense you know and I just thought that was the most interesting thing I've ever heard. You know americans are lazy, honest to God we're just the laziest bunch of people you want Everything for nothing, you want to get $25 an hour to push hamburgers. I mean it's just ridiculous you know you know I got really angry with somebody one time we were at the casino and there was this sweet little Mexican lady and she was walking like you know wiping down the railings and you know the railings were all made out of like wood and stuff real interest
and she was in there and she was polishing all that stuff and I don't know what some guy said about you know hiring immigrants or whatever it was and I said would you do that for minimum wage? And he
just looked at me so stupid and I said would you do that for minimum wage all day long? Would you clean the casino cleanup after all you people that are so dirty and nasty? I said would you do that for minimum wage? I said if not then shut the hell up.
Yeah. Yeah. You know and it's just I used to live in pennsylvania too and they used to hire migrant workers to pick tomatoes or strawberries and things like that. There was this one guy there, he was about six ft five and I said to him, I said, how in the hell do you pick tomatoes? And he said mrs I get on my knees and he uses got down on his knees and crawled through the tomato thing and picks tomatoes for God only knows what little bit amount that these farmers pay. These migrant workers. It's not a lot. And I said, can you imagine an american doing that? Absolutely not. There's
not an american
alive that's going to get down on their knees and crawl through the field to pick strawberries or tomatoes
are going to do it. Not for what This poor man got paid. It was so horrible because they were afraid of them because they were black. Like the name the neighbors and the store. We're all scared of these people. And I'm like why are you scared of people just because their skin is different? I don't understand this. Racism is ridiculous. It just makes me so
mad.
Well
It's all over the place. It's not just You know, it's not just in the south, it's up here too, you know, you see everywhere and and it's a shame you know, I just I will never understand that my mother didn't raise me that way and you know, I grew up in Baltimore, that's where I was originally from and Baltimore is like probably 75% black people. Um So you know, I was used to that I grew up and I went to school with them and I you know was around it all the time. So that kind of stuff never fazed me. But then you moved to places like texas and you moved to places you know in the south somewhere. And they're ridiculous. They're
absolutely ridiculous. When I lived in texas, one side of the town was black people on one side of the railroad track and the other side of the railroad track was the white people. And I don't know where the poor Asian people were because I can never figure that out. But they gave me grief one time because I had a black babysitter and I said why are you giving me grief about that? Well well do you really think that's okay? And I said why wouldn't it be okay? She takes him to church every sunday she takes them when they go places they went to the afro american festival at the college. I said she's teaching him about their culture. What is the problem with that? I just I couldn't figure it out. I hated it and I had to leave. I came back, I came back to the northeast because you don't see that as much here. You don't have as much racism up here as you do other places. Everybody's accepted. I have neighbors who are hispanic. I have neighbors who are black. I have neighbors who are asians indians, You name it. I've got them all. So because I live near Fighter, there's like a million indians who work at Pfizer. I don't know what what exactly they do over there. But the whole area like around uh the Pfizer community is all Eastern standard time people. Yeah. So who cares? I find it really, really upsetting. You know that people can't get along together and you know be friends. I like to learn from people. I like to learn different things. I like to cook. So I like to know how to, how to make certain things. My son like that kind of food, you know and like so hot, especially the hot and spicy stuff. So you know, I always like to learn how to do that to my japanese. The last person I talked to I'm here was japanese and my son is learning japanese
an important article.
It was
what?
Well
this,
I would everyone read it. There's a specific channel and read it. It's called public freak out. That's what it's called and it's videos of people acting really stupid And there was one from Rhode Island on there and I'm close to Rhode Island. I only live like five, five Rhode island
and I was watching it and it was like you could tell that the person was that was speaking was from East India as someone and this old white man was like calling him the N. Word and just being hateful and like you know trying to hit him and fight with him and stuff and I just will never understand it, I don't understand it. I get
it. You don't want you people here he tells him I'm like what does that mean? You people you know I mean how do you talk to somebody like that? I could never do that. I could never be like that you know I don't judge people, I judge them by how they treat me. You know if they're nice to me I'm nice to them you know if they need help I'll help them I don't care who they are you know it just is so amazing to me that you know and then they'll say they're a christian which really cracks me up, you know it's like donald trump, he's a christian alright, he's just crazy is what he is you know I don't like him if you like him I'm sorry but I don't like donald trump at all.
Come
on.
Yes I've seen that too, I've seen that we want
to.
What
for?
it's
a shame it really is and you look at that poor George Floyd and what that man went through that's just horrible. It's just hard
my
friend
mankind is having a real hard time, I don't understand it, you know and our Children you know I look at people like that and say what are you teaching your kids, you're teaching your kids how to hate, that's horrible, you
know that
absolutely,
absolutely. I mean if you take some white person and you drop them in the middle of Harlem or someplace like that where they probably shouldn't be, um you know, I remember one time I got lost in philadelphia, I
was just trying to find the highway, I didn't know where the hell I was. And this man I I stopped and this man said to me, you need to go up here to the highway and he says you need to get out of this neighborhood and he wasn't meaning it in a bad way. He says you're not safe here. So, you know, you wonder about that too, you know, as a white person, sometimes, you know, we're misjudged too because of all the hate that people have gone through, you know, they just see everybody as that's white as somebody bad, you know, and I can understand it, but I'm not that way you know so you gotta you know just be really you know careful sometimes where you're at you know. But uh yeah that really surprised me and kind of scared me a little bit you know.
I've been to Jacksonville. Yeah
I've never
read down there. What is that that town called? Oh shoot it's the old town so oh
I've seen Augustine. Yeah yeah yeah it's beautiful there. I loved it. They're really
pretty. Very nice
chap.
Well
there's
a really nice Cuban restaurant. I can't remember what it's called but it's very nice. And we had Sangria there it
was really good. I'm saying
green like a wine. Uh It's kind of like a fruity wine and there's actually fruit in it. So it was really good.
I mean we didn't get we didn't get drunk or anything but I mean it was so tasty, it was really good in the food was really good and I really really enjoyed my time there. It was really pretty you know I often thought about moving down there but then you know it costs so much money to move. It's just.
Well it's not that so much but to rent a truck to drive 1200 miles, it's like $3000. That's a lot of money to move. I don't even think my stuff is worth three houses so you know that's a lot of money to move you know but I'm trying to buy a house so I'm crossing my fingers that I'll find something that I like because I'm really tired of living here. So I was something that I want, something that's my own that I don't pay another person money, you know buy a house you don't when you're renting you make somebody else rich, you know. Um at least if you have your own house, you know, you're working.
For you,
you can't buy anything.
So you're just on a what? A visitor
visa or how is it?
Well,
Like the
work Visa or something. Okay.
Two.
And
It's expensive to get a visa.
Well that's good. That's good.
Absolutely.
I'm sure of that. I'm sure it's
great that you guys can come over. I think that's great. Yeah.
It's a shame you know, there's a lot of good people that want to come and they can't get here, you know. Yeah.
Of
well, and then it makes it hard for them to find another job maybe. Yeah,
I get it. I get it.
I
medical
that kind of step. Of course.
Yeah. It's probably cheaper over there. You know I've heard um I had a friend who um somebody in their church had
got sick and didn't have insurance and they paid for him to go to India to have heart surgery because it was so much cheaper to do it there than it was to do it here. Which was ridiculous. Right? You had one of the most wealthy countries in the world and it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous.
I have a new condition right that I've just been diagnosed and I have to have it has to be made through a specialty pharmacy. One Is $20,000 a year. The other one is $800 a month. Which works to like $9600 a year. Um
Thank the Good Lord for insurance because I don't know how and how I would pay for that. Um And I would die without it. Probably. So why is it so expensive? Why
in any pill $20,000 a year? That is absolutely ridiculous. Yeah.
Beautiful.
No.
What? Yes.
What?
Thanks.
Job
is
that
anything? It's amazing that you pay all this money out of pocket every month for insurance and then it's still not enough. You have to pay the cold page, you have to pay the deductibles, you've got to pay all this. Why are you paying for insurance if you have to put out all this money anyway? That makes no damn sense. You know, fortunately for me, I don't make enough money. So I get Medicare extra help I guess. Um I have one of those um shoot, it's called the Medicare Savings program.
That is for the deductible. That pays for the cold pays, I paid maybe For regular medications. I paid like $3.60 down.
I'm not sure how much I'm going to have to pay for this one for these new ones.
So hopefully it's not a lot because I don't know what I'm gonna do. I have to go, I have to go to the pharmaceutical company. They have programs so maybe I can qualify for some help from them as well. But
it's
crazy that you have to take something so you don't die and then you still have to fight with people to get the medic.
I
I understand exactly. I used to work in the hospital so I know exactly what you're talking. You know, you know as I told them one time I said, you know it's a complete eye opener to be the patient Because after you you know you worked there I've worked in a hospital like 25 years okay so I've seen the whole other side and then you become a patient and you see how they treat you you know and I said this is absolutely ridiculous that you know you get treated you know you need to have your money before you can even even get to see anybody almost anymore. It's just absolutely ridiculous. You know payment is expected at time of service. Well okay maybe I don't have it at the time of service. How about that? What are you gonna do? You let me die? I mean seriously I worked at one hospital and my grandma had gone to the other hospital in County, the other hospital was private. The one I worked at was a public hospital, city hospital. They put a guy, I'm not kidding. His lips were purple. They put him in a cab and sent him to my hospital. Because we accept anybody because we got because we're not funding from the government, right? They put him in a taxi cab when there was an ambulance sitting right outside to make sure that he had oxygen or whatever. They put him in a taxi and sent him to our hospital. And I was sitting there watching all this and just like, like freaking out about it. I was like, you've got to be kidding. What if he what if he stopped breathing in the cop in the cab? Oh my God,
that's scary. That's really scary. I'm telling you because if that was my relative, I would have been flipping out on these people after slipping out. Like how in the hell can you do something like that? You have no conscience at all. You know if I was a nurse I would have said okay I'll take them you know at least have a nurse or something with him so that he doesn't you know pass out and not stop breathing in the cabs for God's sake. Uh huh.
What?
You
have to struggle
for everything.
You
know I had to laugh. I had a friend also that I talked to online who was in Iraqi right? And they have this total misconception about America and he was like well you guys have everything and you guys waste everything and we are wasteful. I will say that americans are, I said what are you talking about? I said I broke it down for him. I said this is what I make every month and this is what I pay and he was shocked. He said you pay that much for rent, you pay that much for heat, You pay that much for electric. I said yes I think you think we're all rich. I said we're not we're all struggling just like you do
it.
No,
no but but like the um the arab countries they think americans are all rich, we're not rich,
they have this misconception from from their government or whoever but you know we're not rich. I mean the donald trump's and people like that are rich but you know
most of the country is not you know struggling, you know.
I
found um a way to make extra money. I've been doing market research, a lot of market research studies. I get paid very well. I did one today for $300 and another one for $125. Where in the world can you make $300 for two hours of work?
it depends on what the study is today. I was using um I don't know what I used today actually. You zoom for one of them. Um
Sometimes it's go to meeting, sometimes it's webex. Um It depends I have a group on facebook that I run um And we post all the studies in there that we find for the day and then people just apply to them you know and a lot of us make a lot of money. I mean last year I made just doing market research maybe I don't know 3-5 hours a week. I made $17,000
just like you would buy you know as a part time kind of you know.
Yeah focus groups. Yeah.
Got to join my group. Mhm.
Yeah I tell you what it is. You go to facebook, okay you're probably going to have to add me as a friend on facebook, write
my name down. You'll be the second person that I've brought to my group. Mhm.
From
this day.
don't free you need extra money like everybody else. Okay wait
mining
down.
It's it's C. H. R. I. S. S. Y.
Now are I.
S. S. Y. Okay last name R. O.
Th.
A. R. M. As in mary E. L.
E. As
it
ever
E. L. Yes that at me as a friend and then I will put you in my group.
Think
Very good. Very very good. Nobody ever gets it right. That's funny. Yes. Um Yeah I will add you and then you have any questions you can ask me. Um We have about 1700 people in the group. I have about 20 or so recruiters from the companies in the group. Um I've been offered a job like three or four times from different people. Um I can't give up my group though. Uh They went immediately.
No,
all
react. You know I said when I started figuring out that I can make all this money, I had to share it with somebody, you
know, because I think that's this is my, my way of living life. If something good happens to me, I have to give it back to somebody else because
all that good keeps going around in a circle, you know? Um eventually something else good will happen to me, you know, because I helped somebody else. So you know, I always feel really good the other day, I forget what I bought. What did I buy all I bought a freezer and I post I posted it up in group and I said I wouldn't be able to buy this without doing these market research studies. And I said I want to know what you guys have bought. You know that you couldn't have done without group money And somebody bought an electric bike. They're expensive, they're like $1,200. Other people have bought vacations to you know, all kinds of things they bought their car they bought and that makes
me feel so good. It makes my heart feel good that I can help somebody to do. That makes me feel so good. Yeah.
Oh I like horrific. Really?
It's
I
know
I get so mad too. I wish I had known about market research 10 years ago. I could have made all this money. Oh
Not
worth
it. It's not worth it. Survey. I started doing that first and I was making maybe about $125 a month because I was doing multiple companies. You know, what's that other one called? I can't think of the name of it. It's not serving
it's I'm just
sending on it.
But I mean you're lucky if you get $20 or $25 out of each one. Yeah
I was doing it and I was putting it to my amazon you know So I was feeling good because I never had to spend anything on amazon and then one of the girls that I don't even know how I got involved with her. She's from California and she is from she's from the Philippines and she said I want to tell you about this but don't tell anybody else. Right.
Okay. So she told me about it. And I got in one. The first one I got in was $175 and it was one hour long and I was hooked. I was like how do you do this? I said I need to know explain it all to me. So then I got more and I got more and I got more and I thought, you know, I need to help somebody else out. We started this group and then I thought, you know what, I'm going to market myself to these recruiting companies and see if they will come into the group and direct post their market research studies to my group rather than, you know, all over facebook or wherever. Will you come in my group and post here first. You know, so we get a first chance because everybody in my group is good. They know that they're not allowed to cheat if I catch him cheating, they're gone. That's it. You're done over. Um There's rules and regulations or nothing crazy. It's just, you know, don't lie, don't, you know, don't treat anybody in the group with disrespect, that kind of thing. Don't disrespect any of these recruiters, you know, that kind of thing. Um and they are so good to me like every every holiday season from from black friday to christmas. I do, it's kind of like a trivia contest, right? I'll look online and you know, look for trivia questions regarding focus groups or market research or something I said about myself in the past 12 months that was either stupid or funny or whatever and they have to figure it out. And I got from the recruiters, I got $500 in gift cards to give away
and
so I giving them up you know like started with the $10 ones first and then you know the very last one was a $50 gift card. So um we had a good time doing it and everybody I was happy and you know it was the holidays and everybody was enjoying it and I love doing it and so we're going to do it again this year. Hopefully I get a little more money. Uh huh. But it's fun you know it you know when you're home
it's.
continue.
You know what sometimes with his providence that brings people together, you know that maybe I'm
supposed to, you know, I'm supposed to help you, you never know.
Well
it has been like I've been doing it about three years, I've had my group and It
have about 1800 people in there and that's not a whole lot. I don't, I don't need it to be like, you know, the more people you have, the less chance you have, you know, um, and there's other people doing focus groups on facebook too. So, Um, you know, I don't want to get 20,000 people in there. So I always make sure that it's somebody that isn't gonna, you know, isn't gonna lie or cheat or whatever. And you know, these recruiters will come to me and they'll say, do you know that member? So, and so has three different names in three different emails and you know, is trying to say that they have cancer when they don't or um, you know, they get caught, you know, at things and I'm like, okay, well they're gone. I tell them if a recruiter comes to me about you, you are done.
Oh yes. They'll use, they'll get google phone numbers and there's other apps that I say google and now she's talking over here. Um, they'll get those kind of phone numbers. There's an app that will give you phone numbers. What the hell is that app called? I can't think. Um, you get a fake phone number. So one girl, she tried to do this study three times in three different memes.
Yeah. Because it didn't have, they didn't have you on camera. It was just a phone call would change your voice or she could change, you know what I mean? But she got screwed up because She didn't have paypal addresses for all three people. So the papal screwed her up. You know, I mean, this is what I said. You think you're smart, but you gotta, you got to remember
we'll
have
another one.
exactly.
Why
would you do that? And she cheat somebody like that? That's just really,
I mean is it worth all that? I mean honestly, I mean, you know, and it was a decent study. It was a $300 study bet. Um you know, I mean he came to me and he's like, this girl is trying to screw you out, screw screw me over baba
body. He was
glad you know, and I was like, okay, let me figure this out for you. So I went to her and she bald faced lied to me and I knew she was lying because I had the screenshot of the Paypal transaction. So um no, and
if
it's,
I don't understand it, but I mean, you know, I'm sure there's other people out there doing the same thing, you know, especially now since times are hard, you know, people don't have a job and things, you know, I know that
it's
true. But I mean honestly if you talk to a recruiter, you know, I've said to recruiters, you know, if you have anything for me, I could really use it, you know? Um you know, I'm not telling you, you have to, but I mean if you have anything you think I can do, I'd be more than happy to do it and you know, they'll call me and say you want to do this study now. So I mean it's all in how you approach it. I mean you don't have to lie about things. Just say you have anything else for me that you you think I can do, just let me know, you know, and they will, well if you're a good respondent and you we talk and you're not afraid, you know, I'm gonna I'm not afraid to talk obviously. Um I'm very very outgoing. I like to talk to people I like to learn about people you know and you know you have to be that way to make money.
thanks
and
No.
Good.
No
no you have to go and you have to fill out the screeners and the screeners are on facebook um In our group that's what we do we put all the screeners through their um because like companies like Fieldwork and Schlessinger um who else focus forward? Um There's a bunch of them there's so many different groups. There's in the group um in the files there's a list of all these focus group companies there
your company and their facebook page you gotta go like their facebook page too because then they will start coming up in your feed and see what what they're doing. And they'll send you emails too. But you can go to my group and all of us in there. That's what that's what we do. We go looking all over the internet for stuff and then we posted in there. Yeah.
What?
Hang on, let me get it. I've got shit on my desk. Yeah,
wow, where are you? My my computer is slow today. Wait a minute. Let me open another facebook tab and fight it. Uh
Not
yet.
No, no new requests. It says still. All right,
hang
on let me get my let me get my list for my keyboard. Okay spell it. Uh huh.
Oh now wait a minute. I'm still stuck at the G mary G
mary in.
brother. I wish I could get you to type it out for me somehow. Maybe this let me or I could spell out my name for you somehow. I don't think we're understanding each other. Okay that's that's a good idea and I wait let me get it. Okay. Okay. Next mm.
M. A. N. I. S. H. Ok. Now why did it take away the first part? Damn it. Hold up your page again. M. E. G. H. A. Why does that go away? Okay. Mr mhm. Yeah. Yes. Okay. There's a bunch of you.
Oh okay. Wait a minute. A. G. R. A. W. A. T.
Agra wall. Okay. Now do I put that after manage?
Okay. Jacksonville florida. I find you.
but you don't have a way for me to friend you all I can do is message you now wait a second.
Hang on, let me find a piece of paper. Damn it. Uh huh. Oh just today.
that's me.
Hallelujah. Huh? Yeah I got you. Yeah let me go to group on a second. Got to go into group. Okay. Okay. I mean she she should come right up because I don't know anybody else. But that means okay. You're did
you
get
okay? All right, anywhere in.
It's
absolutely
absolutely. That's fine. Now. You can see there's a lot of information.
Absolutely. Anything you need just ask me. Um
You're very welcome. I hope I hope I can
help you
from.
keep you know I pray to keep friends forever. You know I mean it's it's so nice to meet new people. It's so nice to learn about people. You know I'm one of those that until the day I die I'll still be trying to make friends with somebody you know and
that's how it should be.
Absolutely,
absolutely. Um just
make sure that they know what they're getting into, you know or that they know to behave themselves. Um There's several um I'm not always posting but there's bunches of moderators in there. My
friend Diana as a moderator ed post a lot of stuff. 01 of my um one of my other moderators is from India, my sweet little child. I call him um let me find his name. I can't think of it. Shit. What the hell is his name? Shake, Shake your fine is his name? Yes, he's a sweetie.
He's like my kid, he's like 20 years old. No lie.
He's young and he's going to college in India and so you know he can't do a whole lot of studies from India but every now and then he gets one that will pay you know from Paypal or whatever. So he gets,
Absolutely love him. He's like he calls me mom. Uh huh. And his mother is happy that he calls me mom because I helped him. So um you know sometimes there's certain things that what was it that he wanted me to order him from amazon, I forgot what it was but for some reason or another they couldn't get it in India or it wouldn't shipped to India or something. So I ordered it for him and then I shipped it over there.
He's a sweet kid. He really is
open.
Yeah, sure. I mean you know it's not it's hard for people in other countries to get paid because sometimes it's checks. Um if they send a gift card that has to come to the United States address, you know what I mean? So it's kind of hard hard if they're over there and they can't get paid if it's a papal address, they can kind of get away with it because, you know, they don't really influence,
but most of these companies want people who are in the United States, so when he does a study, he says that he's from new york or wherever, you know, But as long as the papal address he can get paid, they're not gonna they're not gonna look to see if you're, you know where you're at. Not usually.
good
almost
done. You know, You know, I did want to say there was eight people in the thing and it's fun, you get to get to meet a lot of nice people. The problem is is you never see them again, you know, you're in the focus group and you never see them again, just like
absolutely.
And you know it's always good to know you know like for me I do a lot of medical studies and you know say it's for diabetes or whatever there may be a new drug coming out that I don't know about you know and so they show it to you, you know what they call it product X you know and and then when it comes on the market and there's a commercial or there's a ad in a magazine I go oh that's product act you know maybe I should ask my doctor about this one because I know that I did a group about it.
What
it's.
yes yes. Their sights on. I have a couple of them listed in thing two. Um I got into one it's a epson all the absent products. I gotta a really nice absent Printer. The one that doesn't have the cartridges in it. A $700 printer to test. I just got a $700. I'm standard the chest and you get to keep it. Yeah
I got
E.
P. S. O. N.
Yeah ups and launch labs I think it's called. Um It was another, I mean I mean one I haven't gotten anything yet but it's a sort of perfect sleeper one for mattresses. My girlfriend, my girlfriend in Alabama, she has a whole garage full of stuff that she's gotten doing these things. I said oh my God get me into this community that you're in. I have to be in it. It's called try it sampling community. But you gotta, you gotta be either invited or you have to be, you have to know when the open enrollment is and I can never get in it. I'm never fast enough because it goes like that it's done. And I keep telling her, I said you better tell me when that thing open because I want to get in it. She got outdoor furniture and she's got ceiling fans and she's got you know all kinds of really cool stuff you know? And I'm like oh my god I went in this thing. So bad. Yeah.
Yeah. You have no you don't have to, well once you get it you have to you know review it or however if
you.
but I mean you still get to keep it for free. I mean you can only imagine. I got one time I got um I got a like a beer cooler thing but you can put put soda in it. It's about yea high at home. Um I think 70 Cans of Soda, It was like a $240
your
time.
I've got so much free stuff. You have no idea. Uh
All kinds of crazy stuff that
it's it's fun. You know I mean you get products you're free to test, I mean it's
just
um there's a couple I have to send it to you is through amazon. They, you review the product, they you pay for it first, they product gets sent to you, you review it and then they re find you,
through Paypal, the Paypal, they do it. I've got I get paid all the time. It was for this girl. Anyway. Um you don't have to be careful. You can't do it a lot because they are amazon watches, you know, you don't want to lose your, you're reviewing privileges because I did for a year and I don't even know why because I didn't do anything. So you gotta be careful. I'll buy like two or three different things and then I won't do it for a while
company,
I got terms. I got that for free. So
it's
what,
there's a
lot of stuff going on, you know, any way to make money or you know, find a new, you know, she's got, she's got me an email the other day with all the products that they had and it's a lot and she asked me did I know anybody else? So I will certainly give her your name if you want to try. Like
I said,
you can't do it all the time because they'll catch you. Yeah. You know like order a couple of things, you know if you want a purse or you want, you know, she had all kinds of stuff from eyebrow pencil to you know, you know, anything you can think of. Um The last thing I ordered was speakers from my computer because there they're screwed up so I'm just going to get a new new set.
No you're just basically you do a review, take a few pictures and that you just send um the pit when uh amazon sends you like they'll tell you that your review is accepted. Just copy the link and send it back to her and then she paypal's you
you
and
he always
he always sends a little more than what you paid. So you might get If you pay $25 for the purse she'll send you 27. You know what I mean? Just to be nice. So I'm like OK I got a free product
and I got $2. No I just wanted the first but the $2 is fine dollars here. Or $2 there. Do you ever do um you wanna shoot, what's the name that calling? Tele zoom? Have you ever done that
from tele zoom? It's called that you can look up on the internet. I
am intelligence.
I.
T. E. L. L. I. Z.
00 M. Intelligence. They do basic.
Well.
Om.
Yeah.
They send you little think your email every day. Like I feel okay
And give me like three away. Some of them are $8, some of them that are $5. It's really quite
easy to do. I get running from them every week every week. I think it's stupid.
It's
it's not hard to do But I get $30
week. You know, 30
doubts.
Well
I'll ask you some questions then though. Maybe do a little um exercise where you're they're having you evaluate like a web page or something. So ask you questions like find this, look for that, you this you know it's really simple And then they pay you $8
For $5, like a card sort you know a card sorted, you know you have this card
short
and then they want to know why you put them in the columns that you get.
Why did you sort it the way you did, Maybe it has to do with investments are big. You know you might you might put your checking account and your savings account and your uh huh your paycheck or whatever you want and then you put in your stops and you're mutual funds or whatever in another account and then you put and what did it, why you sorted it that way? Yeah, it's easy. Those are like $5 and those are really super I like
doing here's
it's amazing the things that
I found that I never knew about. You know, people tell you, have you ever done this? Have you ever done that? I'm like no, okay why not?
As long as it's safe and it's not illegal, I'll try at once. Yeah, as long as it's not illegal to do it.
Mr
you know, I'll talk to you more on facebook. I'm sure if you have any questions you just ask, okay because I don't mind. There is actually a mentor program um in the group where you know, you can I think I have one right now, but um if you have questions or things like that, you can ask me to be your mentor or whatever and I can help you with any questions you have. Um you know, there's there's certain ways of showing out these screeners, it's not necessarily lying, but it's increasing your odds, you know, because I finally figured out that they want women, if you're gonna look for a woman, you want women who are like Mid 30s to mid 40s, they want people that have a college degree, they want you to have at least a child, they like you to be working. Um You can make, You know like I fudged my income, I have my income at like 75,000. Um I have a bachelor's degree, you know those kind of things. I actually have a degree, but I always tell people, you know, if you fall within those guidelines, you have a better chance. So if you know, I don't know how old you are, bad um
tell
him because we're not going to pick you because they think that you make enough money already, you know what I'm saying? They're gonna say, oh she, she makes good money. Let's let's give it to somebody who doesn't make a lot of money. You
understand what I'm saying?
I would put 75 When they ask you what your income is, your income range, wherever 75 is. That's where I would put it.
Just make
it around 75. They're not gonna know, they're not going to check your employer. They
don't do
that.
True.
Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. You know, just put that. They're not going to check. You know, I said to somebody, I don't care if you lie about ninny penny, stuff like that, But please don't like have 3, 3 profiles and shit like that.
I don't know.
I
know
how worried
you're not going to do that. You're not going to do that. I know that,
you know, I've been told by market research or companies, you know, the recruiters, They know people lie, they're not stupid. Okay, as
long as you're not lying about major things, you know what I mean? Um You know, it's okay to say you're you're 45 when you're 20. As long as you looked at, you know, I
get I get away with looking 45, I have to laugh because when I have my hair up like this, I look old. Right, Let me show you something. So when I do market research, I've done two of them today and then I get my hair out of the not here. Okay. See I'm not as old as I may be. Look, I got all this white hair in the french, but I'm not I'm not an old lady. Actually. When I do this study, I always pull my hair down because then I don't look 70 years old, you know? Oh it's hot here. So I've had my hair up.
What?
You can get
some in the evening. I have one another next week. This from 7-9 30.
and he
was good. You know I don't like to get up in the morning. They want They weren't with you like 8:00. I'm like no don't you have an afternoon
This
is
Well like I said the one I had today was from 1 to 3 o'clock And it was $300. You know if it's $300 I'll get out of bed, Okay I'll get that
nine
p.m. And it is $50. I'm not doing it in the morning. That's not worth it. No I'm not calling out of bed at 9:00 for a $50 bill. Yes. I mean that sounds crazy you know But I'm just not doing it
it
with
I think
my time is worth more than that. I had a study a couple of weeks ago. They were paying $25. It was a three day online board. And I said you've got to be kidding me because normally like a three day online board you get Like $75 single 1 2nd. It's 90 calling me. Hello? Yeah, this is me. I am very good honey. Mhm. Absolutely. I sure do have a couple minutes to see if I qualify. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't want to try to tell us anything. And the wonderful contact
with people for the first history in the study where we interested in her. Okay. I'm 47 worked on my. Yeah. Yeah. I have three UNDER 18. Okay. What is the age and gender of each of the Children with a two year old female, 10 year old Male, 16 year old female. I know. Uh What's your current employment status? Are you a full time full time full time homemaker. Oh, employed. I'm sorry, report. And sometimes the type of work people do effects opponents who I are yours, any member of your household currently or formerly employment,
foreign occupation. And as I say, these huge state yes or no offering Children our market marketing,
more market research firm or department of the company, an advertising agency or public relations from no media companies such as a range of vaccines to personal attention. No graphic er patch packaging from no, a company that manufactures contribute to ourselves. Who more beverage products. Okay. So are you okay saying none of the none of the above? Yes. Okay. Uh huh. Where all the working members of your household, including yourself employed? Where um uh cT medical billing solutions, that's where I work I've been called. Yeah. What is your position? I'm the owner. Okay. Mhm. What about your spouse? I don't have a spouse, anybody else in the house of? No, just me more charming, participated in a discussion or one on one research interviews. Oh it was last year sometime. I don't remember exactly why I'm up and over. Oh yeah, for sure. And are you currently scheduled to participate in any market research studies? And his primary berg was primarily
responsible for the grocery shopping in their home. I'm primarily responsible for the grocery shopping. Okay. Well Sugarplum Foods. If any of you yourself purchase in the last six months. Yes or no operator should be about salty snacks, sessions, ships, yes. Chocolate candy or barbs. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hard candy. Such a jolly rancher. Yes. Back in like little. There we go. To. Yeah. And you actually, you have persistent chocolate where all the brands talked with a purchase. Oh boy. Um, lindt Ghirardelli, nestle Hershey's um, recesses. I think that's why not. I don't know. It's naturally a chocolate candy. I can't even remember. It's probably, yeah, they make those ones with, they make those ones with a little like, uh, oh, like the stuff you make sure they make the ones that have, like the rice krispie stuff in it. What does that call him? Nestle crunch bar. That's it. Nestle crunch fire. Uh, can read through the almond joy. Oh, definitely. I'm enjoy. That's my favorite. I forgot that. Have Butterfinger. Yes, Cadbury Yeah, it's a crime. Um, every once in a while I didn't know. What was the, what was the time frame within the last six months? Oh yeah. Okay, Ferrero Ferrero Roche a yes Hamas. Um no gender bender. What is that kick out? Definitely. Right. Mm. Yes that works Morris. I don't know what that is. So I guess now I have no good. Ah yeah and gnocchi with Yeah and now yes, definitely. No. What? Hey Russell Stover? Yes. At christmas. Okay. Yes. So I sound like a total chocoholic carry. No, you should have heard. I read every single reason thinking there's like 100 of them and there's like four of them that she has of jeez you're like some chocolate but I don't like it. I like it too. But yeah, some people, some people like it a little bit too much. Absolutely, absolutely nothing wrong with that other than to do a little hunting. Absolutely. Or be diabetic. Maybe they actually say what a dark chocolate doesn't look great. It's good for your heart. Dark chocolate. Okay then. How about twigs and whoppers? Yes. Twix no whoppers. Just Twix york. Peppermint patties. Yes. And then how about like a private label or store brand? Not usually now. Okay. And then what should the foreign brands of chocolate and thanks very unlikely to purchase in the future. Is there anything that you can think of actually down and real quick? Why don't like street down there? You know, there's one that you don't like home enjoy butterfingers there. Crunch of Rojer Delhi. He foresees junior candor kick hat when M and M mars to the way. Now former. I will probably eat anything honey. Try anything once I'm just saying. Right. Right. So you mentioned that you purchase I mean some races. Some sort of reason which has fallen
to have you yourself. Okay. You want me to read down the list? You want to know if we're I've purchased peanut butter cups. Have you purchased the big ones too? Okay, so the big big yeah, the chunky ones. Yeah, the big ones. I've also ordered the plain ones too. And the ones with it, the ones with the nuts in them. Okay. So releases with another trump for correct. And those are the ones you Right. Right. Yeah. And that's bad. That's about it that I can remember. Right. Okay. Uh huh. They've got so many products. It's so hard to I mean but the lady I literally I mean I was reading like five times a few points that you have that. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna fess up to eating all that chocolate. Okay. And to the best of your ability, please subscribe the recent big package. That's a big one. What do you remember from it? It's just that it's an individual one and it's kind of thick and I think it's orange and black with a peanut butter cup on it. Just like the other ones. It's just a big cup on it, as far as I can remember. Honestly don't pay attention to the packaging when I'm hungry, I just grab it immediate. Exactly. I'm not paying attention to the package. I just tear it up eggs on it and it doesn't, you heard the open? No, no, no. It's just a it's just a it's a thicker peanut butter cop. And it usually only comes like an individual. It's not like you get, I can't remember if you get two of them or not. I think if there's another one that you can buy, you can either buy them individually or you can buy them with two. Perfect birthday. Okay. And you mentioned they can purchase, oh and also for the deer are chosen for the I would need to send a picture of a they took on. It will be okay. Yeah I got to go to the store tomorrow anyway. You might have to go by. Yeah I'll go get one of you go and then let me get let me give you the email that that would be done. Okay wait a minute we wrote it down. Okay go ahead honey. Okay so you'll need to do on that piece of paper. Write your B. Mhm. We don't need to put the recent because packaging that piece of paper was that with her name on it. And they're going to send it to conversation.
I'm sorry I didn't catch the first part. Oh confirmation uh
reveal it. F. I. R. M. P. I. O. M. Elliot with two L. 2 TP. That's
I got a confirmation that is a confirmation or confirmations confirmation. Okay. Okay confirmation at Olivia Benson dot com. Okay Perfect. And then in the subject that he was supposed projects legal project three balls. R. E. G. A. L. Please include your first one. Okay. And then you can actually purchase any
or colossal. What multiplication? Which is the following combination you look for when purchasing a chocolate for Andy. And I'm just gonna read down these people say yes or no. Uh Solid like darker way. Um I don't need any of them. Solid dark nope one chocolate. When you mentioned when you purchased one in the last six months where you lived
through
like
always
over where you're looking more like when you when you're hungry for a chocolate bar. Do you think you wanted to call it chocolate forward? Did you think
you wanted a chocolate club? Yeah, I would look and be looking for a racist copper, you know, something that was more than just a plain chocolate bar. Okay. So you didn't want for solid chocolate? Trying to put it any type of trunk with caramel and it's out.
Like snicker. Um, but if you didn't look for a solid chocolate bars, they know you didn't look for solid. I didn't look for a solid chocolate bar. Okay. So chocolate, any type of chocolate and caramel for that? Yes. Okay. And trump any type of chocolate coconut. Absolutely. That's my favorite and any type of formwork has not. Yeah. Okay. And then
definitely
when trump living weight person.
Yeah, that would be kit kat chocolate. Any type of chocolate caramel and Um, like three musketeers.
Yeah. Yeah, that has caramel in it. I think chocolate transported caramel, nougat campinas, they have peanuts and I can't remember. I'm sure I have. I just can't tell you the name. It doesn't have to be the name. It's just like the type. Yeah. But have you, have you voted for any chocolate peanut butter and you get all together? Yeah. Okay. And then chocolate and like a crispy, right? Yes. That would be like ness lose and chocolate and caramel are and crispy red. Yes. Chocolate. Pretzels and caramel. Yes. Chocolate on talking
now. Okay. Yeah. Anything
else?
Just
chocolate bars and daniel. I don't know what I want until I get to the display. I understand I'm gonna throw with you. Okay. Uh, let me, I want a real quick on it. Also anybody in your house that is on the floor. No, no, no determine which would be special. No, no, none of the uh, and you yourself for anyone in the household place. No, not at all. Why are they asking that? I don't know. Are they sending me something in rubber? I don't know. I just asked the question will give you the answer. Okay. We should have fallen
categories that represent your total fairly powerful that when you say under £45,045,000,, 60,000
6, 75 to whatever show hunter. But and then what is the right level of education? I can't complain. That would you say some high school when fascist? We didn't have school? Yeah. We got a completed quality checks on both school and then which of the following best describes for us.
And tell me what you described. Very outgoing, very outgoing and talkative. Okay. And how comfortable are you with express your attention is very comfortable. Yeah. And what is your favorite commercial about back Bruce Backen. That's why. Oh, jeez, commercials about snacking doesn't have to be chocolate. There could be any number
he took commercial. You remember
I like the cheese at commercials with the cheese. Cheesy guy, then
your
we call him and he says it ain't easy being cheesy. What? Cheetos Cheeto guy? The Cat The Cat or tiger. Yeah, I think he's cute. Yeah.
Yeah. A lot of interesting candy commercials. I do like the M and M's commercial though. Now. I think about it, they come up with some really creative stuff in those Eminem's commercials.
So those are my two favorite Cheeto cat or whatever he is and the M and M's