Okay. Hi.
Oh.
Yeah
I think that I just went ahead and started a timer so hopefully that'll help. I
I've done one of these um but it was like three weeks ago. Um and that one like they paired me with a probably mid forties man who lived like maybe two hours for me. It was very weird. I
don't know if it was intentional or not but
we
knew a lot of the same things. Okay well dude who are you, what is your name? How old
are you?
Think
about it? Okay I'm paige I'm 24 um
and I live in the Nashville area and I'm sorry if you hear my dog, she's a big
barker. Yeah
they did that, they have to be doing
this on purpose. Right,
interesting. Okay. Maybe I'm just I'm just getting some convenient ones. I fly from everywhere all the time
but I
have never actually been to like the city,
city part so. Yeah.
Oh see I love the cold, we
don't get nearly enough snow down here. Yeah, I moved here,
I moved here just
over a year ago and we didn't get any snow last year. I'm just hoping
for
something that's here.
I'm
from
Southwestern Virginia,
pretty close. Yeah, it's
a familiar area.
Um I lived near the area, I
didn't really go that often um But I liked the city a lot, there's a lot to do there, which is
it's a nice area.
My best friend lives in Raleigh and she loves it there.
It's
miser.
Uh What, what are you going
to school for?
That's fair, I hated stats in college.
Okay. What do you want to do? Like career wise with a math and physics background?
that's fair,
that's fair.
I work
in higher education um and I'm telling you that's one of the hardest spirits to make.
the way
that I
felt my network in college was really just making friends with professors. Um
Exactly, yeah, so when I was in college, I would go to office hours uh and
and ask questions and engage with them, because even if I understood the concepts feeling useful
is something that people with doctorates love to do. So I work with them every day and that's their favorite thing is feeling like they know a lot. Um So yeah, so if you just make them feel like they're valuable, they'll they'll happily help you out,
it's possible, you know, very
tight
bag.
I don't understand physics. My partner is in a physics class, like the first level of physics class and I go straight over my head, I have no idea what
they're talking.
I I took a lot of calculus in college but never took a physics class, took some statistics, it was terrible at it and since then
I have
completely forgotten how to do math. I
just
I
do
it.
I made it to Count three in college before
I gave up.
I
didn't like
it
didn't
like
it at all.
I just didn't like math, I was a
cybersecurity
major um and
they just put me through so much math for no reason.
Computer
science in the background.
Yeah, but job is just bad,
yeah, job is just the vein of every computer science person's
existence, so
it's
badly, it's security. Vulnerabilities
are the big, big reason that people don't like java, but it's also just hard
to
code in, it just doesn't, it doesn't flow like some of the other languages do.
I don't
blame
you for that.
that's fair. Mm
believe it or not, no, I got my degree in cybersecurity and while I was in college I was working for the office that supports um like uh instructional design, like the design online instructors use in their courses. Um and then when I got out of college that's what I started to do. So my cybersecurity degree became all the useless and uh it started working in instructional design, so that's
what I do now.
and cyber security is a good background just because if ever
I were to
decide to you
know, move abruptly, it's an easy
field to get a job and if you've got a degree. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, well how did
you get to
prove it?
I was, I was just gonna ask, how did you get involved in this
in these conversations
amazon?
Yeah, that's really
Yeah, I've I've never done like this style of conversation
before. The last one of these that I did. Um but I've been like using prolific. I actually started using um user experience testing websites. So like user testing, Are you familiar
with that form?
it's a good time and it makes decent money. It's a nice thing to do what I'm bored at work, but
I'm not familiar with that one now.
it's a nice easy thing to do in your board.
Yeah, I tried the amazon platform maybe two years ago and it was very repetitive and I could not focus
now.
I
just
have relaxed.
mean, I I mostly
do
the
just out of pure boredom, but it's a nice way to get done.
Goodness.
that's fair. And now is this what you do for like for a living?
Oh yeah, that's that's pretty
awful
broken.
Yeah, I feel like that's kind of the place that we're all in right now. Covid's got us all kind of a little,
they've
been having
since it began.
It is, uh, you know what, I would bet there is going to happen though. I would bet he's going to put into place more restrictions, but he is also going to um, start providing like stimulus for people. Um, so hopefully in conjunction, the two of those will be able now granted all that lies sort of in the lap of whether or not we, the democrats take the senate. Um,
yeah, there are some people who have split the aisle as of late, so I mean maybe, But
yeah, Romney's been splitting, I'll pretty often recently, I don't trust him, but
when we needed them, right?
Now I don't,
I don't trust the guy, but he has occasionally uh, made some choices. I agree with.
Yes. So we're this big blue blob in the middle of a red state. Uh,
yeah. Nashville is pretty solid in terms of we we voted blue, um, like
David,
originally, I'm from southwestern Virginia,
which also went blue this year.
Yeah, but we all knew north Carolina wasn't going to swing, like nobody ever doubted that.
So all the more people you have in a small area, the more likely it is to be a democratic area. Yeah. Did you, what did you watch the election closely? Were you paying a lot of attention
in?
Well, social media is that with that way? These days, it's so easy to just get the wrong information, but and again, the polling was inaccurate. So
what happened
with
florida? I still don't even know what happened down in florida.
in fact,
well,
no matter, you know, I I was mostly stressed that very first day um the on third that evening, it was looking really, really questionable and that was the
rough
one.
No.
Yeah, I mean, it bothers me overall that it was as close as it was, um but
it came out in the end, hopefully we can do something.
Yeah, Well, I mean, I suppose that it's sort of a the opposite of a self fulfilling prophecy and that if you start to pull and release poll results that suggests that a polar, that the show is going to go blue, then more republicans are going to come out to try to change that, and presumably less that's because they think that they're safe,
so. Uh huh.
Well, yeah, and it's hard for me to even trust falling at this point because like there are so many variables in terms of who is actually going to respond to polls, who picks up the moon, who's unwilling
you answer a question. So it's hard for me to
trust any of that at this point. Yeah.
So
what
do you
Yeah, my so my partner, he is um in college right now and he is probably got like two years left. Um So he's got to finish his degree and then he's in a piloting program, he wants to become a commercial pilot. Um
So then you've got a long while of him building hours before we need to figure out where we're going next. So probably be in this area for a while. Do you plan on sticking around in your,
unfortunately.
Sorry what was that?
That's actually so that's one of the things that I might end up having to do because my partner is in a piloting program. Um New york is one of the big areas we might end up in but
I personally do not love the idea of me.
it's I haven't actually been there my partners from upstate new york. Um But it's just I I live outside of the city proper in Nashville because I like sort of those suburban areas where it's easy but it's not like overwhelming. Um In new york city is the definition from what I've seen A busy and overwhelming.
Yeah I mean it's beautiful. Um I live south of Nashville just a little bit. Um So I'm not right in the city and so it's not as um not as many construction noises in big buildings. Yeah.
Do you dislike that about it?
Yeah that's
true.
Yeah the traffic is really bad here at least it was pretty covid. It's
not so bad
anymore.
You're from
are you from Chicago?
All
okay so you're
for
little
my my family is a bunch of polish it cuts now.
My
great
grandfather
my great grandfather
came here from Poland proper.
My mother lived grew up born and raised in Chicago. I've never been there. Well I've I've been
in
the
airport. I've never been to the uh
asking.
Less stressful.
Yeah that's that's what I've heard a lot about it and that's what makes me a bit
You
see
Toronto
Canada.
I have a friend who lives up in Toronto, I
was actually
going to go up there early this year and then Covid, so
I did not go to Sarah.
I would like
Uh huh.
I have never even been to Canada period so that's something that I would like to do
Oh that's unfortunate.
Have
you been
over to uh to europe at all?
No, I haven't
either.
I really would like to though.
Yeah, I I probably will not be able to get over there any time soon either. But I would love to I would love to
I want to see Scotland. I would love to see Scotland.
Mm Just everything I'd say and I know it's romanticized online but everything I see online suggests that it's really beautiful. So
you
know this
might
spain, do
you speak?
that's fair.
then
the siesta thing is really what makes me excited about the idea of
I I love the idea of progressive like work hours. Like I work four days a week and it's astronomically better for me than the five days a week. The standard, like in other countries they don't even work 40 hour weeks in some places. I would love to do that. Yeah,
massive.
Worry about any of the smaller stuff. Yeah. I'm hopeful that the health care one is an is an early
tackle
for the upcoming administration. I'm hopeful we'll see something productive on that,
you know?
No.
Well I mean, gosh I need to really get on that for like the diabetic folks because I that's going to have
to
be controlled somehow. But that's gonna get a lot of pushback to it then. Yeah,
I'm nervous about it.
I voted for her in the primary but
Well and Sanders was such a departure from what we're accustomed to that. I think that he would have gotten even more pushback for all the things that biden is not. He is moderate enough to attract republicans who are nervous.
aggressive.
But we have hit 25 minutes. So, uh, I think that we are good to go. It was nice talking to you.
Have a good
guy and with your degree
that goes home.