Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. In this country? Okay.
Yeah. You can just plug this into the well. Okay. Alright.
My timer goes off sold. What's like exactly? eight.
Alright.
Cool. Have you done this before?
That's
got to
be coincidence.
mark.
Um 37. I have to think about. I'm 30 weight. I turned
37.
We're cool.
We're
were close then. I'm in charlotte.
No,
because I have I was with people from California, a gun, like five of them. And then florida. Someone who wouldn't say and then it was like a new york area and they were all over.
Do
you?
It's
Um I lived in Minneapolis and then by Milwaukee and then in Chicago and I mean it's better than it's better than Milwaukee. Minneapolis. I liked a lot more but it's uh too cold. Yeah.
you?
we don't get in here, it seems.
Where
do
you come?
Where'd
you come
from?
Yeah. So that must be nice though like it's close to Dc them. Really close.
Do
you see I like to see a lot honestly. You don't like it? Did you live there?
Well
it's super spread out too and I don't know, I just charlotte
north Carolina. I like charlotte for a big city. It's okay. It's growing and the downtown looks kind of cool but I like Raleigh I like, I just like the green.
that is such a cool, I love it. I'm going to go
to school there
next year.
I'm
doing math. I was doing statistics up in Minnesota too, but it's been too long and I don't really want to continue that.
I liked it is just I just want to do math and physics or and
I don't really know what's going to happen with that. I have to just see what I do. Well I'm really interested in quantum physics but it doesn't mean that I just do well all of a sudden and get jobs that is, you know, it's not gonna be like that at all.
I'll
go through courses and then try to I have to learn how to talk to people professors and because
everybody,
everybody says that you have to yeah, network and okay, it's
not
the
what? You just meet and greet you, greet them for a while and then you try to show up with questions and then you just
Yeah.
Well
that the physical illness or maybe the worst. I don't know. I'm just from
it seems like a
lot of
the men, a lot of the men who work in physics seem to think they have an inside track under a It becomes kind of arrogance even though it doesn't need to be. But I think it's getting better now just when I read books from guys in the 80s 70s definitely. It's like the show earlier field.
All
Well the intro physics isn't interesting and you're learning formulas like F equals mass times acceleration that don't have any real translation to understand acceleration. You can take a couple of classes. You get the mathematical idea of a double derivative. But to put it into physics you have to start learning some ideas of relativity to really get it. Newtonian physics doesn't really help understanding too much. It's just useful.
The best
girl.
How
far did
you
go
in calculus though? How many
select
differential equations and applications within your Yeah there's a lot of work in that one. That's not
that's
one.
I
can
I wouldn't
think most people would. Four is the best the multi variable if you can get some sort of analysis because you branch everything you've learned from one on the end dimensions so it starts to actually apply but it's already it's really hard. Okay.
if
you don't.
So
so you took tons of computer science. Those
are hard.
I took a C plus plus in a job and I thought it was hard job was hard for me.
Is it
is it
why is that? It's
so
off,
you
know?
it was confusing. The
C
plus
plus class I took was a math for math majors so it wasn't going to be hard just calculating.
Do you work in computer science at an educational institution? Al lindner?
but
it seems like there'd be a bigger market with that. Well not necessarily, but I know that seems like you have quite a if you have experience in developing certain products that you can use that I would think it would be open for a lot of jobs on. Mhm.
Something
out.
What?
No.
You
like
Nashville
overall, what would you say?
never tried.
Um I use mechanical turk
and yeah, if you learn to work with it and you get extensions and you put it on your phone, all kinds of things. It's a full time. It's funny. It is funny yeah, I can actually make, you know the decent enough to live on. But
he's the one that prolific tend to be short. Are they more I'd say to pay on average is better maybe. I don't know, I like these betterment ones. These are easy, it's as easy as they get
go home.
Well
yeah, I do some of it with amazon but I don't have a kind of experience you do. You have?
What about with like sounding box or any do you use those?
I don't know, it's sounding box to download there. It works with user testing, that's the website. Users. Yeah. Or maybe they're two different and I haven't both and you have to use them through amazon. But when I'm doing it I'm getting amazon is taking a cut right away so I'm going to get paid less and I'm only going to get above, get above the amateur ones because I've done them but still they're easy to do. And I
with amazon it's just going to look um multitasking thing. I have a certain like batch work that I do on one side. I have a monitor hooked up to my computer. So I'll be doing maybe three or four things at once. Although if you do one at a time and we're lazy when make too much it would just be dependent time.
Two. Yeah. It takes it took me three months Of good 20 hours plus a week to really figure it out.
I made
more
each
month. But if you have something already then there's no need. Uh
If
you
were
I'm going 37. I'm going back just go. So obviously I quote unquote screwed up for about 10 years but I got 3.5 years finished with good grades but I got into substances and things like that and got into big trouble but I thought would be a couple of year deal and I turned it up to 10 years for me. That's
why I do this full time thing because it's easy just buying time for next fall now.
Um, I have another research avenue, but it's not right now because of Covid. I'm not doing anything.
But
as I have support though, so I'm
I'm fine. I just don't buy anything extra.
Yeah. I wonder what will happen now and if he tries to um up restrictions, which is what should be done if people are gonna get really upset because the administration trump administration seems to be adding fuel to it and I'm
just afraid
that if
I know, but now that if biden tries to do the right thing and tries to impose some restrictions, I wonder if people are going to start rioting or I just worry, I feel bad. I don't know if it's a bad situation.
Yeah. I don't think they'll take it but if it were 48, that's not too good. They can get one of those shortest seats and make it 49. They've got a few people they can use.
and I guess apparently though from what I read, biden is one of the better negotiators and crossing the aisle so he might be able to easily get Markowski and a Collins and even a Romney or somebody to sign for a billiard there.
Oh no no not at all. I'm glad he doesn't, he didn't do it with the barrett thing. He didn't neither.
Not a long dead here. That's
and
his natural, really conservative or what's the city so no matter what is?
so it is, it's pretty pretty Blue hill
Where were
you from again?
No
Virginia is really blue now. It's embarrassing for north Carolina because it's just right there.
A second Minnesota. Wisconsin thing because I was in Minnesota. It's really a liberal in Wisconsin is always teetering. It's, I don't know that there's more people on your though.
Yeah. I spent a hard time trying to just calm people down that just vote and it's probably going to go to biden. It doesn't mean it's gonna go exactly as the polls say, but it just seems so likely was trying to calm
people down and keep them away from misinformation, but they keep getting tangled up in it.
Especially with florida was really bad.
Carolina
was,
Um, Trump won by more than 3%. And he the polling had been tilting about 0.5% on average, Joe Biden. So it's more than the margin of error nationally.
The polls were good, the national results. It was
a little but yeah.
I
had
to read, I was reading a lot of Nathan cone and on the new york times, he was pushing numbers for pennsylvania and all those and he, they stayed steady from the day of the election through the next week. Everything he had formulated seemed to come true about as he had predicted and it was reaffirming, but I didn't sleep that night very well at all.
I was really worried about like michigan and it's all of those because even though he was saying, but he was saying they're going to be closer than we thought and that just bothered man.
Mhm.
And I guess more people, more republicans came out to vote though many more than expected. So you're looking at a large amount of them really did come out to try and yeah. Change the results I guess. Change the polling or whatever the reason they really like trump some of them do.
It's
I had more faith every four years. I lose some faith in them. The more I think about it though you can't call people. I think more democrats in general are going to answer a phone and actually answer a pole and it's just it's up to each individual pollster to specifically cite what happened so that it can be classified and that's just too much data. It's going to cost too much.
I know
what
You're
gonna
see
in Nashville for a wildly thinker.
That would be who?
I'll just go to rally next year and then I'm gonna have to see what I have to do two years there even though I have 3.5 done. I was at University of Minnesota so I'm going to transfer down here because I got in trouble in Minnesota. I'd rather if I go back there it's gonna be a lot. I don't I don't want to deal with any emotions, I need to start over so have to do two years, which is actually good for me that could take some extra courses. And then they're not just to see where it goes because I'm going to be at the mercy of uh getting jobs through my teachers. I don't it's not going to have some big free market open. I
don't want to go in the cold again though,
I don't want to go anywhere north of D. C. Unless it's new york that I would do. But.
I want to be
No. Just cause of the price. Or have you been there?
Okay. It's just really pretty where you live?
I'm near the edge of the west side of charlotte, charlotte's where they sprawled that I'm not used to. That it's way too sprawled.
Yeah because the city then has like a third of the whole metro is just in the city and this that hurts the budget driving
from
one end to the other is obnoxious. It just is it's not because of the traffic is just because things are actually really far away.
It's all
is
I wouldn't say it's not good. It's not as bad as all Chicago or Minneapolis but Chicago
is horrible.
No Milwaukee areas where I was born and
then I lived in Minneapolis for like 12 years and then to Chicago for a year. But
we
used to
go to Chicago. My family is from there. They were all a bunch of Polish Polish immigrants.
they probably
came
from there
then.
Do
they go to Chicago?
it's
so
fun.
Chicago is so fun and
it's not new york, it's like a mini, I don't know, it's just,
well, it's stressful, but and it's also different in terms of the outside of the loop, outside of downtown because you have a super high crime in a lot of areas.
But the Loop, the loop isn't the loop is like this its own country. I mean it's so incredibly wealthy and diverse. The downtown is the only downtown like that in the whole country. Toronto was kind of like that and then new york is just the, but there aren't any other
ones that I've
seen
that.
Yes, Toronto's, yeah, it's getting really big and really different. Toronto is cool.
That
is amazing.
That
You should definitely go though. Toronto
is gigantic and it's incredibly clean. It's unbelievable. Yes,
it's unbelievable.
Every city I went to Vancouver and then Ottawa um and they're all, you know is really quite into school. Vancouver is beautiful but that's the city where there are more people moving in from California. So it was a lot of homeless people there.
It's interesting place, Vancouver,
it's
growing.
No
I
wish,
yeah, it's gonna take me another decade probably. But
if
but that is cool, my sister has been there, she loved it.
Yeah, I'm going to Spain,
I
always wanted
to
I
don't know it. Yeah, a little bit, well it would be easiest for me to communicate with Spain. In Spain. Barcelona
is a super super diverse liberal. It's just a little gem of the city. I mean it's not little but you know what I mean, it's a really interesting place and they have Spain is a different type of culture. They eat smaller meals five times a day, they stay up later, they get up at nine, their work hours are different later, they
have more days off.
they're just school starts later. They have a lot of these really cool progressive ideas going on there. They have some financial problems but like Barcelona Madrid are huge economic powers. Um.
There's a lot of labour cost is big here and a lot of it comes down to health care and things like that. And the money we put on defense defense budget so there's not money available anyway. But
those problems have to be tackled before we can.
You were
born.
I lost my I can go through the state and the county. No but it's not like it was under obamacare for me in north Carolina
Minnesota. Had a Minnesota care already before that was passed. So I
just didn't really realize how hard it was to get anything. But yeah, I hope that they can pass something to make it easier to obtain medications. They can make them cheaper. But
Thank
you.
It's
like a 15 year thing. I liked Elizabeth Warren a lot. I really liked her. I've got
that's who I was always a Sanders person but I felt Warren was more appropriate now. Mhm.
It's a good thing that he did now. I look at it that way. It's probably a good thing that Biden was frozen. Maybe Warren wouldn't want. I thought she would
have, but
Yeah. You, too.
You,
too. Thanks.
Thanks.