Hello?
four.
Yeah. I had someone no show yesterday too. Uh huh.
Like
Just
whatever. Is this your first time ever doing one? Okay.
Okay. I've done I did one a couple of months ago. Um
Like
texas.
Okay, cool. I'm in Virginia actually right now.
Um I'm in a town of like 200 people in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah, it's I like it actually um it's like super quiet and um there's mountains like like my backyard. So so yeah, I like are you in a populated area?
yeah. This is my first um your being here for the winners. So I'm really interested to see like what actually happens. They're saying we're going to get a lot of snow. Um But usually I guess they only get like a little bit like just like barely covers the ground. But I'm actually, I'm from Illinois, Wisconsin like
on the border. So I'm used to like really cold winters. So yeah,
reference.
Come
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I would miss where I'm from because I was like the suburbs of Chicago pretty much. Um,
I think I would miss that more if we weren't dealing with the virus right now, you know? But no matter where I'm at, there's not much going on. So,
actually my kids moved where I am in Virginia is um, right on the border of Tennessee and Kentucky and my kids moved to Kentucky with their dad a few years ago. So, um, I had been all over the place like working and um, just when the virus said, I was like, well I'm gonna go buy my kids like, so yeah,
it's uh, it's like I said, it's gorgeous here, you know, There's nothing to complain about.
Oh, that is a big change.
mm hmm.
they do. Yeah. It's a very um well off area, you
know?
yeah. I loved, I've lived a lot of places and I love like the excitement of somewhere new
and
like learning about the area and the history and like, you know, getting to um I guess kind of be like a tourist were a little bit, you know, it's
new
thing.
Well,
Fuck yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, nobody here knows me. So it's a bonus I guess.
Um So you said you do customer service that you
have experienced
No.
Well,
hello?
Yeah,
I
but
but
That's cool.
that's the position I'm in right now to um there's not I don't want to say there's not a lot of jobs here, there's a lot of jobs but they're all low paying jobs um like 15 miles from me as a tone of like 10,000. Um And it's all like fast food and you know things of that nature. Um So my neighbor, her boyfriend works at like a furniture company, like they make furniture um which is totally not up my alley but like well it's like one of the more decent paying jobs here so I applied there so I'm hoping to hear back from them. But
yeah yeah, fingers crossed uh in the past I served and I waitressed and I always did
really good with that but obviously with the virus it's not it's just not you know there's a limited capacity here still so
um and uh They weren't from in Wisconsin, they just went down to 25% and I think Kentucky, which is the town that's the closest, I think they're going to go down to 25% again in a minute. Uh it's like not even worthwhile trying to
so
Well that's a big problem here. Um I would love to do something like that, but we can only get satellite internet because of how far off the grid we are. So um like right now I'm on my hotspot which works better, but that's like limited, you know what I mean? Like it would be ridiculously expensive to try to try
to use that constantly. Uh huh
It's
just kind
of
Same here. Okay.
bulk
We have a belt here that just closed. It was like a department store,
Rob.
In
month.
I've thought about doing that because I've heard even like you can do it um, through amazon if you get stuff on clearance, any of the stories you go to. Um and I've thought about doing it, but I just was, I think I was concerned that like the shipping and things of that nature would like make
it less
attainable.
It,
what
is it?
I
thanks.
Oh, wow,
that is cool.
I
know.
Well, right. Yeah. I actually, I like, I'm interested in the fact that you said you want to live simply a number of years ago when I first started like traveling around and um, I had um, left where I was from with just a backpack literally just backpack, got on a plane went to florida. Um, and ever since then, um it's been really weird because I used to have a lot of things like my apartment full of stuff, you know, I saved chords and just ridiculous. Um and now it's like really simple, like I have a couch table and tv, you know, my dad, everybody just had a table and chairs, you know, a lot
of people like all the decorations and all the uh I have no interest in any of that anymore.
This
is
And
I'm not.
that's cool. I love that people are adventurous, you know, a lot of people that's like really scary for them to do. Like I have a lot of friends that have been saying for 10 plus years, like I want to move here, I want to move there. I like to do it. Like that's the only way you do it is you
have
to
just
do it like, but what I understand it's scary, you
know?
No. Yeah, it really does matter like the outlook that you have when you take such a step. So yeah. Um and like you said like Salt Lake City as far as I understand, it's like really doing well, like
it's not
um and I don't think they did the same kind of restrictions that
other
places
have to
two
is
out
of.
All
Yeah. Yeah. I never looked into what the cost of living is there. Um Like where I'm from In a very bad neighborhood, 1000 square foot apartment will be like a grand a month in a very bad neighborhood. Um something like that in a good area would be like up to 2500. Um yeah, so where I'm at now, um it's like insanely cheap to me. So you know, I don't have a really good grass because I always lived in really populated areas. Like even in Florida, like I know in Florida, like I was in Clearwater and uh fort Myers um those kind of areas are really expensive, but I know anywhere else in Florida is like insanely cheap, you know, 34 $500 a month for rent, which is really what it is where I'm at right now. Um So like to me like with the virus and everything, like that's such a like saving point, like
even anything with the online stuff that I do, I'm fine,
like I'll make it, you know? But like what what kind of like, are you in el paso itself or? Okay.
Yeah,
it
will
be like,
it was
just
like,
definitely
But
It's like, this is
one of the few
states that I've never been to.
What's that?
Mhm
Back
up.
that's
all.
I have a lot of friends that
um that live in Austin,
I guess that's like, yeah, that's like a hip place to be uh
because I have a number of friends that moved there, you know, like I wonder what's so special about it that so many people from Wisconsin decided to go there.
This
girl.
but
It's
Right. Yeah, that's a big thing um that I'm looking forward to here actually because in Wisconsin, during the winter, even if it's a nice day, it's very rarely does the sun come out, the sun doesn't come out for like at least four months. Like. Yeah,
just like
here and there. Yeah, so like today it's cloudy and that, but from what I understand during the winter the sun will be out, which like to me like I get really lazy and tired and I just don't want to do anything when it's cloudy off.
It
is
yeah. Yeah it's hard and north people have like seasonal depression because of because of it like well and you need the vitamin, you need the sun to process your vitamin D. Right? So um but yeah it's sick, I'm really happy, I'm not there at least a couple years ago when I say it was like two or three years ago we had a week straight of negative 55 degree weather. And ever since that I'm like I don't want to do whatever again right?
Like it's hard to even imagine what negative 55 is, but it's like you outside for a few minutes and you can get frostbite, you know like it's a Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, Chicago um is really fun um I mean obviously you know it's a huge city but uh downtown area really nice parks and do um obviously dining and shopping and all that, but my girlfriend, she lives in the city and she's telling me she's like getting depressed because in addition to the virus um there's been so much protesting and writing and things of that nature and she said like even in her neighborhood which had been pretty much crime free um crime has spiked. Oh great. Yeah, which I mean you know a lot of people are out of work and that seems to like naturally follow you know that and about but yeah, so, um, but she doesn't live in like the tourist areas, like the tourist areas. It's kind of interesting because like south Chicago is really scary. It's scary. It's like you don't want to get out of your car. Um um, but in the tourist areas you wouldn't even know that there is the bad, you know, it's weird that
people
keep the crime out of those areas. It's interesting. It's like some kind of code or something I don't know, but, but yet definitely Chicago is a fun place to go
to
where
no, all my, I have so many friends that have been and I would love to go there, but no, I haven't been there yet. I hear that's really fun place to go.
How
about
this?
we all
can hope
who knows when and what? But uh, yeah we can hope they did. Um I know texas I think it was like a month ago had a huge spike in the virus. Um But it was like more in certain areas and others but did you guys have see the effects there?
this
city
is
like
And
No.
I
don't
know.
balance.
I could have
sworn
I had heard that Houston and Austin was primarily where the huge spikes were. Um That um they had E. R. S. That were over full and they were like flying people to other hospitals and things of that nature. But I have a I have a girlfriend that lives in new york city. Um And I remember when you know when it first hit there and she would tell me about the things that you'd see, like nonstop ambulances going through the road, you know like city streets completely dead because people actually did um lockdown, like they took it very very seriously. Um And it would just be nonstop all night long ambulances, you know? So like I find it interesting like how everywhere has different experiences with us, like here there's only been a handful of people that died. Um And like Probably 50 square miles, like, you know, like a pretty big distance. Um And uh so like for people here, a lot of them don't even think it's real like, you know. Yeah, quite literally, they think it's some kind of hoax. Um I
worked in a gas station for a short time and everybody that came in, not everybody, but I'd say like 75% of them. Um If the topic was brought up, they'd say oh it'll be over when the election is over, like okay, but it's interesting like how much you see it and how much it affects your life depends on how serious you're gonna take it, you know? So but yeah, so I guess that's one interesting thing about living here is very different, you know? Um Think the desire for education and knowledge is not really there
right? But the people are really nice. Yeah.
I guess it would be Knoxville which is just over an hour away.
So
you know like I said because I'm from the suburbs Chicago, like I live right next to an interstate, you know, so you have my land state, you go wherever you want really quickly. Um So here it's a good like 35 40 minutes to interstate. And then um so to go to Knoxville you can go that way or you can take some like crazy back roads that are like Uh it's hard to explain like leaving through the mountains and like farm fields and stuff and which is actually technically shorter like everything here. Well you know you said your by mountains so everywhere you go you're driving around mountains like Knoxville is probably only like 30 miles technically away or something.
But because
of how you
like my kids um where their dad lives, like they're with me now but where their dad lives. Um I think that's only like I want to say like 15 miles if you like just did it on a map, but it's actually like a 40 minute drive there. Yeah it's wild.
I think we did we make the time? Uh We should probably just go for a couple of minutes longer just to be sure. Yeah,
I didn't. Did you set
there?
Because
I know I got on like a minute or two after, but I'm not sure. I want
to.
Sorry,
Cry.
Uh
I know. Uh
I'm proud.
No,
I know.
Yeah.
bread.
All
What,
My cat knocking things over.
But
Well it was awesome talking to you. It's
been nice to learn about different place and I'm from and Ben, I definitely got to get to texas and check out what's so cool about Austin now.
my friends.
Yeah, that makes sense my friends that they get. Yeah. Well, I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank
you.
you. Same to you. Bye.