this is Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mother. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi,
I'm glad somebody showed up. I tried this yesterday and
it just didn't work.
so I guess like we're supposed
to have a conversation so go ahead. Feel free to ask
me.
is. Um
like I help on
prolific pretty regularly, but I hadn't seen anything like this until now, so I qualify. No. Yeah, I live in texas. What
about you? Yeah.
No, it's ok.
How is that?
I am um far west texas. So I'm actually like in kind of the middle of the desert weather and mountain weather and yeah, I live in el paso, so it's really different from the rest of texas. Like we actually kind of have seasons. I can't say we really do because you know, you're in a state that gets like more snow and stuff than than ours does, but
no, this
I grew up in this area but um I lived in san Antonio for six years. I went to school over there and then I worked there for a while um and I was actually just
back there a few weeks ago just visiting friends. But it was it wasn't the same experience because you can't do as much, you know with the whole
covid. Oh it
was still good but just not the same.
Okay.
So um what brought you to Virginia?
that's good.
I'm starting to actually get really restless and I'm thinking of moving somewhere so I have like some places on my like short list. Um I'm looking into Salt Lake City. It just seems awesome like nature arise.
It's a huge change, right? Um
It has fewer people than we have here but economically it seems decent. So
all
the tech jobs and stuff. So like even something entry level um you know customer service which I've done a lot of maybe that could be a way in. I don't know but I feel like I don't know like I feel like I'd have to visit and then be like okay yeah I could live here.
Somewhere
now.
Well and
then just
the fact that you can like you know meet new people and everybody you meet like they're gonna be like oh go here or do that or hey what are you doing here? It's it's
kind of cool and it's a clean slate
system.
So
I have I have before um I majored in government which like it
kind of lends itself to different you know industries and of course public sector work and stuff which I've done before. So my favorite like recent job was
as a career counselor actually and uh Yeah
And it was pretty good. Um I really
enjoyed like just helping the general public because you were able to really uplift people
like there were people that you know had been working at let's say JC Penney, several have been closing and stuff um for you know 1520 years and they didn't realize that they had a lot of skills. It could be transferred somewhere
else. Um So it was really cool to be able to like tell people about that getting a phone call and um and and
just a system and kind of help them like know that hey like there's people here that are looking out for you when you can do this. So I'm interested in stuff like that you know that that makes a difference in people's lives. Um
that that ended and then my most recent job was for the Census Bureau, but they laid me off because I was just on a shorter project and I know like they seem to just like take new people for the next one because I talked to former coworkers and they're like, nope, I was laid off too, so, so I need to find something, I mean, let's just say I need to find something because it's
He was crossed.
What?
You're too,
Thanks.
Have you have you looked into anything that's work from home?
Yeah. I mean
so what I do is my side gig and I've been doing it for a while. Yeah, it's just kind
of hard
like
to stay consistent with it and to actually like, you know, set a schedule. But I'm working on that, you can see like you see the lamp back there, and then there's like some clothes on the table. Um I grew online resale, so like all by uh yeah, so I'll buy stuff, there's a lot of stores that are closing right now, so like one,
so one uh stage clothes used to be called Bells. I don't know if you have any in your area there,
Bells. Yeah.
those clothes, well um I found stuff for like 90% are off. It was insane, so, you know, I'm selling some of that stuff and then like my own things that I no longer need, I'm trying
to live more simply and and I do it on
from different
platforms, so that helps. Yeah.
so
the
easiest one I've
sold on is it's actually doing the best for me right now,
It's called Marquardt. Like
Mark R E M E R C A. R. I.
And you can just download the app on your phone
and like you know take pictures of the items, you do it like a really brief description and it actually pre fills a lot of the stuff and then you just put it up. Um and you can you can charge the by being and if you shipped through ups like you don't have to have a printer or anything or print anything, you just go show them a little coat and they print off the label for you. So. Mhm.
Yeah
I I mean I
like it,
it's simple enough, you know it's just a matter of like for me because I have a lot of stuff like I just really need to get to it.
so
yeah, I know that's the reason that I want to move to is I know
I can
like reliably leave behind stuff and then just like donate them or you know, like I've been decluttering
a lot lately um because I have my mom living with me and she likes stuff so she'll shop the sales and she'll buy stuff she doesn't need, and just because it's nice or you know, it was on sale and and I had to take her stuff, but with mine for a while it seemed never ending, and now I finally feel like I really put it down in it and um even like books, I think that was one of the hardest ones for me, I was like, okay, I haven't read this,
I bought it, like this used to be money and now it's just there, I'm not going to do that anymore so and so I'm just going to get rid of even that and you know see what I can fit in my trunk and then go
you
have
to
do it.
Well
and then some people are really worried about like not being able to find a job when they get there or this and that but I feel like things end up like aligning if you really want them to wrong. Yeah.
No
it is.
I
don't think
so.
I don't think so and it's also like so cost of living I mean it's not the same as here here, it's pretty cheap. Uh I start
to see houses
you
know going
up and up which
I think is happening pretty much everywhere because of the demand I guess. But um it's still affordable like it's not it's not that bad stuff.
Cafe
here.
I'm in the city. I actually um I'm lucky enough to live in like the nicest part of town and even in this area you can still, I mean maybe it will be older but you can still find A good sized place for 6, 50, Yeah
it will be like
the
newest
place
like we
definitely
have
you know $1,500 1 bedrooms. But they're not
the norm. And then of course like the more you know more working class or like less desirable parts account of cheaper places. But you can buy a house pay you know 1200 1400 a month and it can be new um for mortgage. It's not bad
salary,
suckle
texas
salaries here, stuck though. That's that's one thing. Yeah.
So um yeah it's it's kind of different, like I would say here in san Antonio are pretty much neck and
neck with
prices, the housing market
is actually
a little bit cheaper than here are about the same and then the other cities are more expensive but still
about
Austin is
Yeah
and so I I mentioned the um the shortlist
Austin
is on it, so Salt Lake City,
Austin and Pittsburgh and this burger is really cool, I've been before and I you know, I loved it. Um My only complaint is
it's a little too cloudy but it's still, it offers a lot and it's not expensive.
it's super
sunny here.
Yeah. Yeah, no, same here, it kind
of drains
my energy and at all, I don't like it, like some cloudy days are fine, but every single day I don't know if I could handle up.
I know. Uh huh. Word.
That's crazy. I've actually never been to that area. Um I would like to go to the Chicago area but probably like in the spring, you know, not when it's super cold.
The
contrast.
No cocoa.
Have you been in New Orleans? Mhm.
New Orleans.
I've I'm having
on my list of like
places
to go to. Uh probably has to be next year. But you know it just makes it easier. I feel like it will be like better for travel next year. All right,
this
will say. Yeah.
Word of the thing is so this city
was
actually
the worst
and social distancing for a while. Um People
here are very very family oriented and just like friendly and you know they just like community. It was really difficult like people here find excuses to go out and they have since you know, back in March april. Um I don't think we're the place with the most cases but there was a spike and then so the governor pretty much said, hey like bars need to shut down so we're still kind of in that phase. Um
And then there are some places that just haven't reopened at all, especially like the smaller, you know more mom and pop. They just can't they can't like they won't I guess they won't make rent or whatever. Um
Because even if they open like a lot of places
they
want you to order food. Actually everywhere requires you to order food. So if you go somewhere, let's say you want to go grab a beer somewhere you have to get an entree. Um and you know they have like pretty like price conscious voices but it's not like it's it's just not the same. And then you know, you have to bit like socially distance. So sometimes that creates like long wait times and stuff and um but yeah, we we did have a spike from what I've heard and that's about it. And then I know in Houston like they had a lot of cases.
So it's the biggest city
in
her.
Nothing.
Not there. Yeah.
What's up? What's the closest major city? Mhm.
Right. Let's
not be red. Yeah.
But
because
your mountains. Yeah.
Yeah. We have.
Well works.
When we
uh I didn't I have my phone next to me and I just saw it
for
same
here. Um Yes I was going to tell you we have uh we have a like highway thing called Trans Mountain but it's just two lanes and it does go through like part of the mountain range. Um It's actually pretty short though, it's not like a huge like piece of mountain or whatever but that's kind of one of the things that
isn't like
great about this side of town I guess. Um Like
we have the main highway and then we have like a major street and then we have Trans Mountain which connects to like the other part of the city and
like the border highway. But it's if like one of those stopped it it does make it harder other parts of town you have different streets like you know main avenues that you can use if there's an issue with the freeways. But
um, we don't
have that on this side.
But yeah,
but for me like I'm, I mean I'm just like, you know, home and going to the post office here and there to drop off stuff and my mom helps me with it sometimes. So it's, it's not a big deal.
So that's part of the reason that I want to go somewhere else. So too is I've had my car, my
car is seven years old. Um, And it has just under wait for it, just under 40,000
miles on it. Yeah. I always live right by work and then moving here from san Antonio like career wise, it hasn't been um very good. Like a good movie you could say. So that's part of the reason I want to go somewhere else. Thank you. Yes.
like we're getting
an amazon, but I think it's going to be like the distributions, but I don't want to stay in the city, so there's like one, you know, decent employer that we add. I mean that's not really enough. Mm hmm.
You too.
You should,
uh, awesome food, Great live music. Just nightlife. People are really nice and friendly and like open and uh, it's cool.
Thank
you. You too. Good
luck to you. Bye bye. Right.
Bye.