SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Graham
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, let me switch to my headset mic. Hold on. Just a sec. Uh
SPEAKER_L: album.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Hey, how's going?
SPEAKER_L: Not bad. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, great. Um, so let me look, what are we actually supposed to do here?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's just a chat for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. Okay. So all
SPEAKER_L: I think. I know at one point it said something about like, we could give you a list of questions, but I didn't get a list of questions. So I think we're on our own.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I didn't either. Okay. Well, how about, you know, everyday stuff like where you live? How is the weather? You know that?
SPEAKER_L: Sure I can start. So I, well, I don't live here full time, but I'm currently in the Denver area in Golden colorado.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I live in Manitou Springs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Near the incline.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, I can look out, yeah, I can walk down to the street and look up and see it. It's uh, really close.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. I've only done it once
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and it was definitely a challenge, but I really liked it.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I haven't done it at all, but I've lived here for five years and every summer I watch people do it. So not that I've done it myself, but I certainly have some perspective on how it's done. That's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: it's, that's a good challenge. Um it's so deep. It's kind of amazing. Like it, it feels like a ladder at some point because it's so steep. And uh, when I did it, we went back down the trail because I did not want to go back down something so steep. I feel like even when you don't like the chance that you'd actually fall, I think it's pretty low. it kind of felt like it was deep enough that I would fall, like I'm not going to go back down that way,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: but I know
SPEAKER_R: I think the
SPEAKER_L: sorry,
SPEAKER_R: craziest
SPEAKER_L: go ahead,
SPEAKER_R: thing that happens every year is that, you know, someone either dies or comes close to it because, you know, and I don't know what gets in people's heads. I moved here from savannah Georgia and we used to have the rock n roll marathon every year, right? Which my life was going to be held for like a week and I couldn't get anywhere, you know? And uh, every year there's these people, you know, and I work downtown the entire, I lived there for 10 years and I work downtown the entire time, either in a bar or restaurant or a combination of both. And every year these horribly out of shape people show up and decide they're going to do this and that, which the same thing happens here. And it's like, I don't really think you thought this through man, You know, number one, a lot of these people come from flat ground. So they're not used to being over a mile in the air, right? So there, you know, they get here and they don't take into account the altitude, they don't take into account they're really out of shape and then they go tackle the incline, it's like yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because what is it, it's like, shit, I don't remember, it stats, but it's like a couple 1000 ft in like half a mile or something really in times like that,
SPEAKER_R: Crazy, right? And I know when I moved here uh it took me about, I would say at least a week or two to not be out of breath and feel like you know, there was no oxygen and I mean, you know because Matchy Springs, it's even higher than Denver.
SPEAKER_L: is it okay? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And I know we go up to Woodland Park which is about eight miles up to pass up 24 you pass and uh I really like it up there but we get plenty of snow down here and I don't want to move to even where there's more snow, you know, it's like, you know, we're doing good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you guys uh it's supposed to get snow this weekend, I think we're supposed to get a little bit here.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I hope not, I didn't see we're trying to find another apartment because we're to my wife and my daughter. We live in this little cottage here in Manitou and it's so darn cute but really darn small. So we've been looking in real estate is well I mean it's not any different here than it is everywhere else, I guess it's really hard to find anything. The prices
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: are incredibly stupid, you know, even
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: horrible,
SPEAKER_R: 55 years ago when I moved here, they just kept ratcheting up, you know. Uh And
SPEAKER_L: you know my
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: sorry, go ahead,
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm done.
SPEAKER_L: I was just so my uh my boyfriend just bought a house this summer which is actually where I am right now and um he is from here, but he's been gone for a couple of years until about a year and a half ago and he's just like constantly kicking himself for not having bought something five years ago because this same house probably at least doubled impressed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I can tell you exactly because I was thinking about it and I looked I was looking it up one game and my wife and I started talking about and it was like you know, I can tell you exactly when the real estate started going crazy and that's when they legalized wayne. and right then real estate went like, you know, like shot up because everybody is moving here instead of going to prison. You know, it's like, hey, we can make a couple states over, you know, And then I think the one thing that I think people haven't taken into account, a lot of people maybe who don't think about or don't know is that the influx of people
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: yearly from California, which is where I grew up and escaped. Um, it has a very uh pronounced effect on the housing and because, you know, I think for the last year or two years more people are leaving and moving into California, which has never happened until, you know, this century and that's definitely taking a toll on Idaho Nevada texas, you know, So yeah, man, I mean, hey, it's a, it's a seller's market and when people flood the market and need places to stay and are willing to pay. Yeah. Well yeah, they're willing to charge that's like no problem.
SPEAKER_L: People from California
SPEAKER_R: Higher.
SPEAKER_L: are used to a million sounding like a reasonable home price.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh I know. I saw this thing on Youtube the other day where this couple starting out, they, you know, they want to be in the bay Area, which I think is just suicide, you know, in all aspects and they're like, ok, yeah. And they bought this fixer upper which it really wasn't even a fixer upper. It needed gutted basically and
SPEAKER_L: Like a
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: scraper
SPEAKER_R: paid yeah. And they paid I think 385,004 or something. They were so thrilled man. They were like, yes.
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: And it's like you got nothing, you get like this little
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: bitty plot of land to start on all over again and you know. But What's amazing me what's amazed me is that how long it's really taken for the full effective because I left there in the mid-80s, early 80's and I was young, but when I was starting out and I couldn't, there was no way I could afford to live there, I couldn't, there's just no way, I mean I couldn't afford it rents way too much cost of living is way too much. Um and so you know, I was like, okay, I'm getting out of here and then mom, dad got divorced and I helped her move anyway and so went back to Illinois where uh family struggle and never looked back, you know, there was never any time where I thought, yeah, I'd like to go back to California, sit on their pre away four hours a day, pull my hair about trying to make $1800 a month rent for my studio, You know, it's retarded. And so basically what they've done is over the years they've squeezed out the middle class and you got the coastal elites and you've got the inland empire techies. Uh huh and then you got four and that's basically it because if you try to start a small business there, forget it, You're going to pay about 35-40% taxes on everything out the door. Your workman's counts too high. You're the rags are, you need a liar to keep up with the regulations. It's the most anti business state on the map. I don't even know how people are still there. Seriously? I know over the last like five years they've lost about 10,000 companies of all sizes. Yes, you can't do business man. The lawsuits
SPEAKER_L: Well and it's
SPEAKER_R: are crazy.
SPEAKER_L: people just can't afford to live there if you can't
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: have places for your employees to live, it's gonna be hard to have your business
SPEAKER_R: no, no.
SPEAKER_L: be successful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and the crazy thing is if you see san Francisco and some of those cities lately, what you're paying to live in real degradation is that's the crime right there. Well you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was actually just there for a conference in december and I uh visited a friend who lives in Palo Alto for the weekend and he's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: gorgeous.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well yeah it was cool but he's um I didn't actually don't even know what he pays but he is living in uh a room that's smaller, it's like a shack that's smaller than the room that I'm in right now in the backyard of a house. Like it doesn't have its own bathroom even he has to go into the main house for the bathroom in the kitchen and I'm sure he pays way more in rent.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's probably about 2200 a month, something like that, you know. Yeah that's great. We
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: know how anybody affords it and I just don't think I love the way, I mean the only thing I really miss about California is the weather and in and out burger you know and the rest they can have uh you know and I grew up I lived all over southern California group them sometimes you're in Orange County. I lived up around L. A. A couple of times up in Glendale, I lived up in uh Azusa Glendora all over that area. Orange, I lived in Ontario Rancho, cucamonga. Um sant anna for a while but I kind of traveled all over there, never went up north because it was way too expensive when I was there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not gotten
SPEAKER_R: And I No, no
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you know I was making pretty good money even back then because I was working construction you know and I was getting paid under the table, you know 2030 bucks an hour in the eighties. But I wasn't hurting, you know?
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty good money. Yeah. Well I did hear a rumor that we're getting in and out burger in Colorado though. I think I then also saw something that that's not happening yet.
SPEAKER_R: Um Last year it was put in the paper that we're getting in and out burger in colorado Springs, which is where we we have to go to get anything and everything. Uh You know because you have you been to Manitou?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well really just to do the incline. But and then
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: I think we
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: had we hit it was a special, it was actually one of my first trips to um Colorado and we've just been on a week long of camping. So then we went to the broad more, we went to the cheapest restaurant we could find at the broad more estate after doing the incline. Mm And
SPEAKER_R: couldn't have been too cheap.
SPEAKER_L: it wasn't bad, it was golden bees, Something something about bees. It was pretty normal restaurant prices actually. Um But we wandered around Manitou Springs for a while before our reservation and it was cute. I like the downtown with all those little springs and the little signs and um some cool
SPEAKER_R: It's very
SPEAKER_L: architecture.
SPEAKER_R: kitchen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. It did feel very like tourist trap. E but I remember
SPEAKER_R: It is.
SPEAKER_L: thinking was that the Manitou Springs Hotel that's right down there. Um
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: So close
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: to downtown.
SPEAKER_R: have no, the one downtown that we have over there is uh jeez when you said that, I can't think of the name now, it's right across the street from the post office. Um But yeah, it's like in and it's like looks like kind of brick turret kind of Dealio big.
SPEAKER_L: it's just it was a beautiful building.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and then there's the barker house, but that's apartment that's right downtown. But you know like we have tubby's which is the little convenience store and of course you only go there and emergencies because the prices are completely outrageous.
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: Um And then we have Uh one liquor store, actually two liquor stores and one convenience. So pretty much for anything and everything, we either go up to pass to the walmart and Safeway and king super up there, it wouldn't bark or you have to go into Colorado Springs. Uh a lot of times if we just need a few things, we run down the street to Safeway which is like right on like the border of Manatee in Colorado Springs. It's really close. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: love, I love managed to, um, I keep telling, I keep telling my wife, we have to quit moving to tourist towns man. We went from like downtown Springfield Illinois, which is like the only place to go. No, no. Besides Chicago because you know, I
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: used
SPEAKER_L: Simpsons?
SPEAKER_R: to watch people routinely get off the bus from Japan, you know, to go look at everybody, want to see the Lincoln stuff. Right? So the Lincoln memorial there too, millions of tourists for Lincoln every year. So we lived right downtown. Like you couldn't be any more downtown than we were like right in the midst of all that. Then, if not to downtown Savannah, which completely survives author terrorism. And
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: we moved
SPEAKER_L: is it cool?
SPEAKER_R: here. Oh, I love savannah man. Uh, we lived there for almost 10 years and uh, about eight of those years, we didn't have a car and I walked everywhere. I walked about four or five miles a day to working back to all the lovely squares downtown. And I really like, I mean I didn't enjoy like everyone else, the crazy heat and humidity during the summer, but you know, there's at least six or seven months of really good, whether it's always kind of human sticky, but you know, not so high. And uh, savannas and I've lived all over the US. And Savannah is unlike any town I've ever been to just to feel the architecture, everything about it was very unique. You know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, in the history there is so fascinating
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: it is, yeah. And growing up in cookie cutter ville in, you know, southern California. Uh, you know, it was a welcome change really, man. You know, have
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: history. I lived in neighborhoods that were, you know, younger than me, man. You know, it's like, you know, these projects have just sprung up and it's like, oh yeah, that was just, yeah. And everything kind of like the same other than the middle. I lived living in Ontario one time with my mom, dad and we lived in the middle of this suburb complex. Can I tell you what? I'm just trying to give people directions to the house. It was so confusing because it was just row after row after row the same, you know, plan A, plan B or plan C. And then we were like in the middle of all that. It was maddening.
SPEAKER_L: Well, and then I think here that I find confusing is um it's like there's a name like birth it and then there's birth at ST birth Ed Lane, birth in court, like all these things and they're all right next to each other. It's like you better hope whoever you're giving directions to is paying really close attention because otherwise it might end up in the wrong place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's what's confusing about cultural springs. Half the streets turn into different names. So you think your rock street after what you're like, hey, wait, I was looking for pikes Peak. Well, yeah, that's the same as Semoran. You know already like what that happens to me all the time.
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: just how
SPEAKER_R: dry
SPEAKER_L: they're weeding
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: out who the real locals are, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, we all cheat and have iphones. So you know, basically it's like, where are we going? Hold on, let me know. Okay, go ahead. You know? And
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: listening
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: to directions.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it does make me wonder how he used all navigate without our smartphones. I know
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: I did it, but sometimes I'm like how did that happen?
SPEAKER_R: excuse me for just one me. I guess you get
SPEAKER_L: no problem.
SPEAKER_R: up here, Get up here. No. Yeah, I noticed. Get up there. Come on, get up, go, you stay right there. It's just so you can, we have to get several any my life. Uh, we get lots of packages, uh, here sent out. So it's a constant package bonanza going on.
SPEAKER_L: I guess it's that kind of time of year, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. So how is Golden? You like it there?
SPEAKER_L: I too like Golden. Um, I moved here from Oregon and uh, there's some things
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that I
SPEAKER_R: lived in Portland
SPEAKER_L: about Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: for a while. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: lived
SPEAKER_R: miss
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: the rain
SPEAKER_L: gain.
SPEAKER_R: and the cold.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I don't miss this time. You're there, definitely. But there's a lot of things about Eugene that are fun that I do miss, because Golden Golden is real cute, but gold is also kind of a tourist town. I mean, I think it's bigger than Then in two springs, but um, yeah, I just missed some of the, I feel like Eugene was a really good sized city. It was 100 and 50,000 and then 200,000, if you count the other spring, one of the many other Springfield's um across the river. So it's, it's big enough to have like good grocery stores and stuff like that and you get interesting things that come to town um like
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: lots of bands go because it's between all the cities in California and Portland, or Seattle a lot of groups will stop and do a show in Eugene for the night, which is cool. Um and yeah, I mean it's a quirky town and um so I was there for grad school um so I didn't ever really exist in the professional world there, but from friends who do I hear it's kind of a weird place professionally, like there's not a lot of opportunities for advancement, you kind of get stuck there if if you want to advance in your career, you basically have to Portland or somewhere else um Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: we've looked at, we've looked at pictures and videos of Eugene a lot because that's our kind of my wife and I are both artists and musicians and we make our living outside of the mainstream, some of her art that's appear. And so we run in any commerce website seller art on there and also amazon and Etsy and then I I do a lot of online things like user testing and prolific and and we, you know, we managed to make a living without checking into a cube. So that's very, very nice. Let me tell you it took a long time though. You know when people ask me and I talked to a few people about it. You know, I knew that I was like, oh yeah man, I think I'll do that. You know, it's like, you know, it really, it's taken me a lot of years and like a lot of lean times and working, you know, check out to try to figure out how to escape the corporate clause or you know, the 8 to 5 claws man because yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: up, you know, and
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I've had to lower my, you know, living standards a little too
SPEAKER_L: right, well it's a nice thing about Eugene too, is that the cost of living, I mean it is definitely creeping up but
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: rise
SPEAKER_L: high as
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: it is here for example, but yeah, I mean Eugene, I think would be a great place to be an artist. Like there's the, the saturday market from, I think it's like april to basically christmas and like two blocks of it are just craft artisans selling all kinds of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I've watched a lot of Youtube videos on there. Yeah, because they, I was really haunted. I thought, man, you know, that looks like that place where people are really chill, you know, there very not into the norm, you know, I think we could fit in there
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: you know, in ca and I love the whole spirit of Colorado to hear, you know, it's like, hey, there's, you know, you can, I can walk down to the local store and usually see, you know, two or three people carrying a pistol, you know, packing guns or whatever. And I like that, I like that Colorado has a spirit of Old Words Guide, you know, it
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: does
SPEAKER_L: close
SPEAKER_R: still,
SPEAKER_L: to its roots still. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you would
SPEAKER_R: you could,
SPEAKER_L: not see that in Oregon
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: at least
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: not in the western
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: side. You would probably see that in eastern Oregon actually, maybe not in Bend, but in like Greenville or Legrand or Burns, all of those more like ranging oriented communities. And if you see a lot of that, I think eastern Oregon is a lot like colorado actually, culturally. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: let me tell you, uh, you know the south, I was gonna miss, I thought right before I left that, you know, because people are very, very genteel, they're, they're very nice for the most part, you know, there is something to be said for southern charm and uh, but really, and I don't know if it's just because of the kind of people who live in Manitou, uh, you know, people don't move here looking for careers or you know, they're not trying to climb up the corporate ladder as it were, you know what I mean? It's so I haven't really met anybody that's mean or crummy here or you know like people are generally really nice everywhere
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: So Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No, I've actually noticed that I feel like um people smile at each other and more just like strangers passing by on the street a lot more in colorado than other places. I've experienced sort of surprised me because I used to live in Virginia, so not as far south as savannah, but um I've been there and then I grew up in Minnesota, which has the reputation for Minnesota nice since people smile at each other, but it just seems like much more genuine smiles. I've been noticing. Karen,
SPEAKER_R: Minister
SPEAKER_L: golden, yep
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: disorder.
SPEAKER_R: had a friend from Winona, I used
SPEAKER_L: I'm from,
SPEAKER_R: to commit for all kinds of grief.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from quite a bit further north than that. I'm from Duluth on the type of lake superior. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that sounds like a really bad winners right there man. Like really long. Really cold. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is long cold winters. I like winter though. So for me, I mean because I grew up with it, I think you either you grow up with it and you love it or you hate it and you get out of there right away and I left, but not because I hated it because I wanted to try something else in the world, and life just hasn't taken me back there yet and haven't been avoiding it, but.
SPEAKER_R: I don't mind the winters here, so I'm not a real winter fan, but when, when I was living in central Illinois, you know the big difference, there was like, man, most of time the cold just kind of sets in and it stays cold for you know, january february March and, and here this is very much high desert, you know, even though we're surrounded by mountains, it is the high desert climate. So For the most part like rest this week, it's 40s, Um mid 40s, high 40s in the day, a little colder night, son. Um Yeah, it's very livable and our street is like this, it looks like san Francisco, oh, SAGES super steep. And so basically when it snows and gets a little cold word kind of stuff, we ain't going anywhere because the cars just gonna really slide down the hill and you're not stopping unless you're going to hit a pole or someone else's car. Ah So yeah, when it snows, it gets icy here were shut down like completely because it's the road so steep. Um which doesn't make sense,
SPEAKER_L: It's funny though actually, because the police were, I'm from, unlike most of the rest of Minnesota Dallas is actually very steep. It's built on a steep hill down to Lake Superior. Sometimes they even call it the san Francisco of the midwest and I think they're just generally so good at staying on top of things with plowing and sanding the roads and stuff like that, but remember very few instances of cars having trouble. Um But it could also just be that as a kid, I wasn't really paying attention to that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: You don't worry about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I was home for thanksgiving this year and my parents live at the top of the hill and we were staying at the bottom of the hill and then we got a snowstorm, we got like 22 inches of snow and we're the spot we were staying was at the bottom of one of the big roads up the hill and we just stood there at the window watching cars trying to get up the hill for a while, which was funny.
SPEAKER_R: that's always fine. Yeah. I haven't seen too many wrecks here at all. I did see two since I've been here when people trying to go down the hill and couldn't stop.
SPEAKER_L: that's how he's scary.
SPEAKER_R: But for the most part you don't see any accidents on the street because people just don't drive down the street when there's nobody attempts it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're smart and no one to stay home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They live up here. They'd probably been appeared for a while uh And they know better. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: maybe,
SPEAKER_R: then if if there's a chance of snow really all you have to do is you know park down the hill, find a flat spot and then you know do a little walking and then you can actually get out the next day.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, maybe that was part of what was going on in my hometown as people just you just adapt to it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's why we we work at home and don't really have to go anywhere unless we want to. So that makes winners super easy for us, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just make sure you're stocked up on all the necessities before anything is forecasted and you're good for weeks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah man it's really easy to do right here because it doesn't snow enough to where I mean when it does yeah we just run up to the store and make sure like for whatever they're calling for. You know, we got stuff to cover it and it's good. Hey, looks like we're done with our time. What do
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: we,
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. How do they even know that we did this? I wonder.
SPEAKER_L: So um on the page that had the link to the survey and
SPEAKER_R: is the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: timer
SPEAKER_L: just you know, there's a
SPEAKER_R: 20,
SPEAKER_L: timer on the bottom then. Just
SPEAKER_R: we went 28 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: sweet. Sounds good. Well, nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Absolutely. You too. And have a great rest your day and enjoy colorado.
SPEAKER_L: Alright? You too. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: Hi.