Well,
Graham
album.
Not bad. How are you?
I think it's just a chat for 25 minutes.
I think. I know at one point it said something about like, we could give you a list of questions, but I didn't get a list of questions. So I think we're on our own.
Sure I can start. So I, well, I don't live here full time, but I'm currently in the Denver area in Golden colorado.
Nice. Near the incline.
That's awesome. I've only done it once
and it was definitely a challenge, but I really liked it.
it's, that's a good challenge. Um it's so deep. It's kind of amazing. Like it, it feels like a ladder at some point because it's so steep. And uh, when I did it, we went back down the trail because I did not want to go back down something so steep. I feel like even when you don't like the chance that you'd actually fall, I think it's pretty low. it kind of felt like it was deep enough that I would fall, like I'm not going to go back down that way,
but I know
sorry,
go ahead,
because what is it, it's like, shit, I don't remember, it stats, but it's like a couple 1000 ft in like half a mile or something really in times like that,
is it okay? Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you guys uh it's supposed to get snow this weekend, I think we're supposed to get a little bit here.
For
it's
horrible,
you know my
sorry, go ahead,
I was just so my uh my boyfriend just bought a house this summer which is actually where I am right now and um he is from here, but he's been gone for a couple of years until about a year and a half ago and he's just like constantly kicking himself for not having bought something five years ago because this same house probably at least doubled impressed.
What?
People from California
are used to a million sounding like a reasonable home price.
Like a
scraper
then
it
Well and it's
people just can't afford to live there if you can't
have places for your employees to live, it's gonna be hard to have your business
be successful.
Yeah I was actually just there for a conference in december and I uh visited a friend who lives in Palo Alto for the weekend and he's
just
Yeah well yeah it was cool but he's um I didn't actually don't even know what he pays but he is living in uh a room that's smaller, it's like a shack that's smaller than the room that I'm in right now in the backyard of a house. Like it doesn't have its own bathroom even he has to go into the main house for the bathroom in the kitchen and I'm sure he pays way more in rent.
Which
I mean.
Yeah. It's not gotten
Well
I
that's pretty good money. Yeah. Well I did hear a rumor that we're getting in and out burger in Colorado though. I think I then also saw something that that's not happening yet.
Yeah. Well really just to do the incline. But and then
I think we
had we hit it was a special, it was actually one of my first trips to um Colorado and we've just been on a week long of camping. So then we went to the broad more, we went to the cheapest restaurant we could find at the broad more estate after doing the incline. Mm And
it wasn't bad, it was golden bees, Something something about bees. It was pretty normal restaurant prices actually. Um But we wandered around Manitou Springs for a while before our reservation and it was cute. I like the downtown with all those little springs and the little signs and um some cool
architecture.
that's true. It did feel very like tourist trap. E but I remember
thinking was that the Manitou Springs Hotel that's right down there. Um
So close
to downtown.
it's just it was a beautiful building.
Of course.
Got
it.
The
Simpsons?
So
then
is it cool?
Yeah, in the history there is so fascinating
to,
I'm sure.
Well, and then I think here that I find confusing is um it's like there's a name like birth it and then there's birth at ST birth Ed Lane, birth in court, like all these things and they're all right next to each other. It's like you better hope whoever you're giving directions to is paying really close attention because otherwise it might end up in the wrong place.
it's
just how
they're weeding
out who the real locals are, I guess.
you
know,
it
was,
yeah, it does make me wonder how he used all navigate without our smartphones. I know
I did it, but sometimes I'm like how did that happen?
no problem.
I guess it's that kind of time of year, so
I too like Golden. Um, I moved here from Oregon and uh, there's some things
that I
about Oregon.
Yeah, I
lived
in
gain.
Oh yeah, I don't miss this time. You're there, definitely. But there's a lot of things about Eugene that are fun that I do miss, because Golden Golden is real cute, but gold is also kind of a tourist town. I mean, I think it's bigger than Then in two springs, but um, yeah, I just missed some of the, I feel like Eugene was a really good sized city. It was 100 and 50,000 and then 200,000, if you count the other spring, one of the many other Springfield's um across the river. So it's, it's big enough to have like good grocery stores and stuff like that and you get interesting things that come to town um like
lots of bands go because it's between all the cities in California and Portland, or Seattle a lot of groups will stop and do a show in Eugene for the night, which is cool. Um and yeah, I mean it's a quirky town and um so I was there for grad school um so I didn't ever really exist in the professional world there, but from friends who do I hear it's kind of a weird place professionally, like there's not a lot of opportunities for advancement, you kind of get stuck there if if you want to advance in your career, you basically have to Portland or somewhere else um Thanks.
definitely.
Well,
right, well it's a nice thing about Eugene too, is that the cost of living, I mean it is definitely creeping up but
it's not
as
high as
it is here for example, but yeah, I mean Eugene, I think would be a great place to be an artist. Like there's the, the saturday market from, I think it's like april to basically christmas and like two blocks of it are just craft artisans selling all kinds of stuff.
I'm sorry.
it's
close
to its roots still. Yeah,
you
you would
not see that in Oregon
at least
not in the western
side. You would probably see that in eastern Oregon actually, maybe not in Bend, but in like Greenville or Legrand or Burns, all of those more like ranging oriented communities. And if you see a lot of that, I think eastern Oregon is a lot like colorado actually, culturally. Yeah.
Well,
that's
great.
No, I've actually noticed that I feel like um people smile at each other and more just like strangers passing by on the street a lot more in colorado than other places. I've experienced sort of surprised me because I used to live in Virginia, so not as far south as savannah, but um I've been there and then I grew up in Minnesota, which has the reputation for Minnesota nice since people smile at each other, but it just seems like much more genuine smiles. I've been noticing. Karen,
golden, yep
disorder.
I'm from,
I'm from quite a bit further north than that. I'm from Duluth on the type of lake superior. Yeah,
It is long cold winters. I like winter though. So for me, I mean because I grew up with it, I think you either you grow up with it and you love it or you hate it and you get out of there right away and I left, but not because I hated it because I wanted to try something else in the world, and life just hasn't taken me back there yet and haven't been avoiding it, but.
It's funny though actually, because the police were, I'm from, unlike most of the rest of Minnesota Dallas is actually very steep. It's built on a steep hill down to Lake Superior. Sometimes they even call it the san Francisco of the midwest and I think they're just generally so good at staying on top of things with plowing and sanding the roads and stuff like that, but remember very few instances of cars having trouble. Um But it could also just be that as a kid, I wasn't really paying attention to that kind of thing.
Yeah, because I was home for thanksgiving this year and my parents live at the top of the hill and we were staying at the bottom of the hill and then we got a snowstorm, we got like 22 inches of snow and we're the spot we were staying was at the bottom of one of the big roads up the hill and we just stood there at the window watching cars trying to get up the hill for a while, which was funny.
that's how he's scary.
Yeah. They're smart and no one to stay home. Yeah.
Well
maybe,
yeah, maybe that was part of what was going on in my hometown as people just you just adapt to it. Yeah.
Yeah. I just make sure you're stocked up on all the necessities before anything is forecasted and you're good for weeks.
I think
you're
So um on the page that had the link to the survey and
you
just you know, there's a
timer on the bottom then. Just
sweet. Sounds good. Well, nice chatting with you.
Alright? You too. Thanks.
Hi.