Hello?
Yeah. Oh, let me switch to my headset mic. Hold on. Just a sec. Uh
Okay. Hey, how's going?
Okay, great. Um, so let me look, what are we actually supposed to do here?
Oh, yeah. Okay. So all
Yeah, I didn't either. Okay. Well, how about, you know, everyday stuff like where you live? How is the weather? You know that?
Oh yeah, I live in Manitou Springs. Yeah.
Uh, I can look out, yeah, I can walk down to the street and look up and see it. It's uh, really close.
What?
Right. I haven't done it at all, but I've lived here for five years and every summer I watch people do it. So not that I've done it myself, but I certainly have some perspective on how it's done. That's for sure.
Well,
I think the
craziest
thing that happens every year is that, you know, someone either dies or comes close to it because, you know, and I don't know what gets in people's heads. I moved here from savannah Georgia and we used to have the rock n roll marathon every year, right? Which my life was going to be held for like a week and I couldn't get anywhere, you know? And uh, every year there's these people, you know, and I work downtown the entire, I lived there for 10 years and I work downtown the entire time, either in a bar or restaurant or a combination of both. And every year these horribly out of shape people show up and decide they're going to do this and that, which the same thing happens here. And it's like, I don't really think you thought this through man, You know, number one, a lot of these people come from flat ground. So they're not used to being over a mile in the air, right? So there, you know, they get here and they don't take into account the altitude, they don't take into account they're really out of shape and then they go tackle the incline, it's like yeah.
Crazy, right? And I know when I moved here uh it took me about, I would say at least a week or two to not be out of breath and feel like you know, there was no oxygen and I mean, you know because Matchy Springs, it's even higher than Denver.
And I know we go up to Woodland Park which is about eight miles up to pass up 24 you pass and uh I really like it up there but we get plenty of snow down here and I don't want to move to even where there's more snow, you know, it's like, you know, we're doing good.
You know, I hope not, I didn't see we're trying to find another apartment because we're to my wife and my daughter. We live in this little cottage here in Manitou and it's so darn cute but really darn small. So we've been looking in real estate is well I mean it's not any different here than it is everywhere else, I guess it's really hard to find anything. The prices
are incredibly stupid, you know, even
from
55 years ago when I moved here, they just kept ratcheting up, you know. Uh And
so
no, I'm done.
Yeah. Well I can tell you exactly because I was thinking about it and I looked I was looking it up one game and my wife and I started talking about and it was like you know, I can tell you exactly when the real estate started going crazy and that's when they legalized wayne. and right then real estate went like, you know, like shot up because everybody is moving here instead of going to prison. You know, it's like, hey, we can make a couple states over, you know, And then I think the one thing that I think people haven't taken into account, a lot of people maybe who don't think about or don't know is that the influx of people
yearly from California, which is where I grew up and escaped. Um, it has a very uh pronounced effect on the housing and because, you know, I think for the last year or two years more people are leaving and moving into California, which has never happened until, you know, this century and that's definitely taking a toll on Idaho Nevada texas, you know, So yeah, man, I mean, hey, it's a, it's a seller's market and when people flood the market and need places to stay and are willing to pay. Yeah. Well yeah, they're willing to charge that's like no problem.
Higher.
Yeah. Oh I know. I saw this thing on Youtube the other day where this couple starting out, they, you know, they want to be in the bay Area, which I think is just suicide, you know, in all aspects and they're like, ok, yeah. And they bought this fixer upper which it really wasn't even a fixer upper. It needed gutted basically and
they
paid yeah. And they paid I think 385,004 or something. They were so thrilled man. They were like, yes.
And it's like you got nothing, you get like this little
bitty plot of land to start on all over again and you know. But What's amazing me what's amazed me is that how long it's really taken for the full effective because I left there in the mid-80s, early 80's and I was young, but when I was starting out and I couldn't, there was no way I could afford to live there, I couldn't, there's just no way, I mean I couldn't afford it rents way too much cost of living is way too much. Um and so you know, I was like, okay, I'm getting out of here and then mom, dad got divorced and I helped her move anyway and so went back to Illinois where uh family struggle and never looked back, you know, there was never any time where I thought, yeah, I'd like to go back to California, sit on their pre away four hours a day, pull my hair about trying to make $1800 a month rent for my studio, You know, it's retarded. And so basically what they've done is over the years they've squeezed out the middle class and you got the coastal elites and you've got the inland empire techies. Uh huh and then you got four and that's basically it because if you try to start a small business there, forget it, You're going to pay about 35-40% taxes on everything out the door. Your workman's counts too high. You're the rags are, you need a liar to keep up with the regulations. It's the most anti business state on the map. I don't even know how people are still there. Seriously? I know over the last like five years they've lost about 10,000 companies of all sizes. Yes, you can't do business man. The lawsuits
are crazy.
No,
no, no.
Yeah and the crazy thing is if you see san Francisco and some of those cities lately, what you're paying to live in real degradation is that's the crime right there. Well you know.
is
gorgeous.
Well that's probably about 2200 a month, something like that, you know. Yeah that's great. We
I don't
know how anybody affords it and I just don't think I love the way, I mean the only thing I really miss about California is the weather and in and out burger you know and the rest they can have uh you know and I grew up I lived all over southern California group them sometimes you're in Orange County. I lived up around L. A. A couple of times up in Glendale, I lived up in uh Azusa Glendora all over that area. Orange, I lived in Ontario Rancho, cucamonga. Um sant anna for a while but I kind of traveled all over there, never went up north because it was way too expensive when I was there. Yeah.
And I No, no
and
you know I was making pretty good money even back then because I was working construction you know and I was getting paid under the table, you know 2030 bucks an hour in the eighties. But I wasn't hurting, you know?
Um Last year it was put in the paper that we're getting in and out burger in colorado Springs, which is where we we have to go to get anything and everything. Uh You know because you have you been to Manitou?
How
can
couldn't have been too cheap.
It's very
kitchen. Yeah.
It is.
No
we
have no, the one downtown that we have over there is uh jeez when you said that, I can't think of the name now, it's right across the street from the post office. Um But yeah, it's like in and it's like looks like kind of brick turret kind of Dealio big.
Yeah, and then there's the barker house, but that's apartment that's right downtown. But you know like we have tubby's which is the little convenience store and of course you only go there and emergencies because the prices are completely outrageous.
Um And then we have Uh one liquor store, actually two liquor stores and one convenience. So pretty much for anything and everything, we either go up to pass to the walmart and Safeway and king super up there, it wouldn't bark or you have to go into Colorado Springs. Uh a lot of times if we just need a few things, we run down the street to Safeway which is like right on like the border of Manatee in Colorado Springs. It's really close. Yeah,
I
love, I love managed to, um, I keep telling, I keep telling my wife, we have to quit moving to tourist towns man. We went from like downtown Springfield Illinois, which is like the only place to go. No, no. Besides Chicago because you know, I
used
to watch people routinely get off the bus from Japan, you know, to go look at everybody, want to see the Lincoln stuff. Right? So the Lincoln memorial there too, millions of tourists for Lincoln every year. So we lived right downtown. Like you couldn't be any more downtown than we were like right in the midst of all that. Then, if not to downtown Savannah, which completely survives author terrorism. And
then
we moved
here. Oh, I love savannah man. Uh, we lived there for almost 10 years and uh, about eight of those years, we didn't have a car and I walked everywhere. I walked about four or five miles a day to working back to all the lovely squares downtown. And I really like, I mean I didn't enjoy like everyone else, the crazy heat and humidity during the summer, but you know, there's at least six or seven months of really good, whether it's always kind of human sticky, but you know, not so high. And uh, savannas and I've lived all over the US. And Savannah is unlike any town I've ever been to just to feel the architecture, everything about it was very unique. You know,
it,
it is, yeah. And growing up in cookie cutter ville in, you know, southern California. Uh, you know, it was a welcome change really, man. You know, have
history. I lived in neighborhoods that were, you know, younger than me, man. You know, it's like, you know, these projects have just sprung up and it's like, oh yeah, that was just, yeah. And everything kind of like the same other than the middle. I lived living in Ontario one time with my mom, dad and we lived in the middle of this suburb complex. Can I tell you what? I'm just trying to give people directions to the house. It was so confusing because it was just row after row after row the same, you know, plan A, plan B or plan C. And then we were like in the middle of all that. It was maddening.
Yeah. That's what's confusing about cultural springs. Half the streets turn into different names. So you think your rock street after what you're like, hey, wait, I was looking for pikes Peak. Well, yeah, that's the same as Semoran. You know already like what that happens to me all the time.
But
dry
it.
Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, we all cheat and have iphones. So you know, basically it's like, where are we going? Hold on, let me know. Okay, go ahead. You know? And
then
we
listening
to directions.
Hey,
excuse me for just one me. I guess you get
up here, Get up here. No. Yeah, I noticed. Get up there. Come on, get up, go, you stay right there. It's just so you can, we have to get several any my life. Uh, we get lots of packages, uh, here sent out. So it's a constant package bonanza going on.
Yeah. Uh huh. So how is Golden? You like it there?
I
lived in Portland
for a while. Yeah.
I don't
miss
the rain
and the cold.
I am
we've looked at, we've looked at pictures and videos of Eugene a lot because that's our kind of my wife and I are both artists and musicians and we make our living outside of the mainstream, some of her art that's appear. And so we run in any commerce website seller art on there and also amazon and Etsy and then I I do a lot of online things like user testing and prolific and and we, you know, we managed to make a living without checking into a cube. So that's very, very nice. Let me tell you it took a long time though. You know when people ask me and I talked to a few people about it. You know, I knew that I was like, oh yeah man, I think I'll do that. You know, it's like, you know, it really, it's taken me a lot of years and like a lot of lean times and working, you know, check out to try to figure out how to escape the corporate clause or you know, the 8 to 5 claws man because yeah, it's
up, you know, and
I've had to lower my, you know, living standards a little too
on
the
rise
in.
yeah. I've watched a lot of Youtube videos on there. Yeah, because they, I was really haunted. I thought, man, you know, that looks like that place where people are really chill, you know, there very not into the norm, you know, I think we could fit in there
you know, in ca and I love the whole spirit of Colorado to hear, you know, it's like, hey, there's, you know, you can, I can walk down to the local store and usually see, you know, two or three people carrying a pistol, you know, packing guns or whatever. And I like that, I like that Colorado has a spirit of Old Words Guide, you know, it
does
still,
I feel
like
you could,
no,
no,
no.
let me tell you, uh, you know the south, I was gonna miss, I thought right before I left that, you know, because people are very, very genteel, they're, they're very nice for the most part, you know, there is something to be said for southern charm and uh, but really, and I don't know if it's just because of the kind of people who live in Manitou, uh, you know, people don't move here looking for careers or you know, they're not trying to climb up the corporate ladder as it were, you know what I mean? It's so I haven't really met anybody that's mean or crummy here or you know like people are generally really nice everywhere
you
go.
So Yeah,
Minister
I
had a friend from Winona, I used
to commit for all kinds of grief.
that sounds like a really bad winners right there man. Like really long. Really cold. Yeah.
I don't mind the winters here, so I'm not a real winter fan, but when, when I was living in central Illinois, you know the big difference, there was like, man, most of time the cold just kind of sets in and it stays cold for you know, january february March and, and here this is very much high desert, you know, even though we're surrounded by mountains, it is the high desert climate. So For the most part like rest this week, it's 40s, Um mid 40s, high 40s in the day, a little colder night, son. Um Yeah, it's very livable and our street is like this, it looks like san Francisco, oh, SAGES super steep. And so basically when it snows and gets a little cold word kind of stuff, we ain't going anywhere because the cars just gonna really slide down the hill and you're not stopping unless you're going to hit a pole or someone else's car. Ah So yeah, when it snows, it gets icy here were shut down like completely because it's the road so steep. Um which doesn't make sense,
You don't worry about it. Yeah.
that's always fine. Yeah. I haven't seen too many wrecks here at all. I did see two since I've been here when people trying to go down the hill and couldn't stop.
But for the most part you don't see any accidents on the street because people just don't drive down the street when there's nobody attempts it, you know?
They live up here. They'd probably been appeared for a while uh And they know better. Yeah
and
then if if there's a chance of snow really all you have to do is you know park down the hill, find a flat spot and then you know do a little walking and then you can actually get out the next day.
that's why we we work at home and don't really have to go anywhere unless we want to. So that makes winners super easy for us, you know?
Yeah man it's really easy to do right here because it doesn't snow enough to where I mean when it does yeah we just run up to the store and make sure like for whatever they're calling for. You know, we got stuff to cover it and it's good. Hey, looks like we're done with our time. What do
we,
I don't know. How do they even know that we did this? I wonder.
is the
timer
20,
we went 28 minutes.
All right. Absolutely. You too. And have a great rest your day and enjoy colorado.
see