I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Living here? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hello? I don't think I can hear you. Uh huh. No. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes
That's okay.
So how's it going?
Okay good hanging out. Yeah.
Uh this is my first time um but it's my first time where somebody showed up on the first go, so that's really exciting. Good job.
Well that's nice. Yeah.
mean
there's a whole like pandemic thing going on.
It's
a hot topic.
Very
careful. Mhm.
The city
that
we
live in
is not following the recommendations so we are trying very
hard to be
as careful
as
possible and stay away from people and there's this whole like anti mask movement going on. It's insane. Mhm.
Hey.
is an absolute dumpster fire. So
much
misinformation
and
then
like
that's
when
you
find
out
like
the
family
members
that
you
love
hold
these really controversial
ideas and you're like
I have to see you at christmas now.
yeah. I mean it is like it works. I have family members that I have very little contact with because they love arguing like their conspiracy stuff and it's like I can't, I love you but I'm gonna do it from over here. Yeah.
think
that the conspiracy theorist mindset, it's like um the more people push back against your conspiracy there is the more people dig their heels in and insists it's almost like they have an abusive relationship with
theory. I like they can't get out until they want to get out. Okay.
I'm
interested
in.
I think
it's the community, like with the internet it's become so easy to find like minded people.
You get a sense of community, even if it's this weird, you know, offshoot of conspiracy theorists, Somebody out there agrees with you and that's really comforting validating. I don't know.
the superiority. But that was from knowing.
jennifer,
nice to meet you,
lucy
man.
Sure. Yeah. I've been
fortunate.
I haven't connected with anybody. Um We're like we super like butt heads at work, I have nothing in common with them. Um
But yeah, it's
not
it's not bad, I haven't
been connected
with anybody
who was an anti masker
or like an ultra trump supporter or anything like that, so I'm thankful.
Well
I am unfortunately
unemployed.
I am I am looking for work um like
the last two jobs that I applied for and like interviewed for
both suspended the position because of the virus. So I'm
pretty
salty about it right now. Um
But I spend most of my time hanging out with my wife who is also unemployed, so we're getting some good quality time in.
playing lots of video games.
Uh mostly like dungeon crawlers and first person shooters. So like um We've been really big on Diablo three right now.
So what
what do you do you game?
Mhm. Yeah.
it's
it's so easy because they have like the summer sales and then you have the humble bundle
and you're like
well
there's
one
game
I can pay $5 for and get 12
others
so.
Diablo
three I think I have
the
most hours
in.
But I have a
lot
of
games that I really enjoy playing, like we
have a small
gaming friend group and we spend we would spend our
whole
weekends
just marathoning
first person shooters or like dungeon crawlers or whatever is available. Um
Yeah, it's super, it's super nice again the community.
Yeah you can so you have the option of playing with friends, so like people you invite in um or you have the opportunity to um play with random people online.
I like
it,
I
think it's
a great coop and like you easily get 60-100 hours out of it with your first play through and it's got a lot of replay value. They come
out with like seasonal challenges. So like every three months you get like 60 new
challenges
to do and you get like free cosmetic items or whatever
you
have it on the switch to.
I do. Um Mhm. So I I
you know I recommend it, I'm a huge
fan.
so do you and your boyfriend play a lot together?
let me talk your ear off about Co op game. Um
It is such a problem
because there's so few games that have really really good
coop, Oh Diablo three is great.
Um If you like
the Dunder dungeon crawler style a torchlight is really good,
it's like Diavolo but
it's cheaper and it's got more of like a cartoony fun feel. Um If you like
problem solving, very battle block theater
and uh even Ob
is a big one.
it
gets so
hard
couple
games.
it's
kind of a puzzle
thing, it's more like a battle block theater is um like you go
through
levels
like maze like levels um and so like whatever you have to stand on the platform and it opens the way for another person and like
um yeah there's also
Castle Crashers
which is like a side to side
more like
a Mario type game
but
it has
some puzzle
solving
stuff.
T.
R. I. N. E. Is really
good.
That's another puzzle, E problem solving. Mhm. Game. Okay
maybe in there. Yeah.
So
so
you're
into um Coop as opposed to competitive games? Yeah.
Mhm. I think what
hey competitive
games aren't for everybody. My wife does not do competitive games at all.
No board
games,
no online
games. If there's any sort of competition she is out. She
God she really
loves Skyrim.
I don't know.
I
don't know I don't think so.
But she likes
Elite Dangerous.
It's
like a space game or like you pilot your own spacecraft and you can pick up shipments and like truck them across space. It's a whole, it's a massive community thing there. You get people that are on the game just to help others and like people will come out if you send out a distress signal, like you run out of gas, people like come
and get
you guys.
Yeah, they're all on steam.
Yeah. But for real couples who came together, stay together. Yeah.
Yeah,
we just passed three years last month. Um Thank you. But we've been together for 13 years. Mhm.
I know
we met in
community college. We had, she was,
she was taking college courses in her last year of high school and I was taking college courses and like my first year of college
um and we ended up taking
course together
and
hung out, became best friends,
were best friends for two years while I was dating somebody awful. Um And then I broke up with him and I was like, hey, we should hang out,
her
name's Autumn.
I know, and it makes it so easy to find like stuff because you know, like pumpkin season rolls around and everything is autumn, so I'm always sending her like photos of mugs that say like autumn is here, and I'm like,
what about you and your boyfriend? How long have you been together? Okay,
so we have
Mhm.
And so
how did
you live
with your grandma to begin with? Are you there for covid?
No.
No,
I hate
it,
slightly less on fire.
Yeah. Um And so what
did you,
what do you
well what are you looking to
do?
no.
I totally
get that.
It
can be so
hard
to
narrow down what you want and pick a direction and then there's the whole financial aspect of it. Um which can make things really difficult.
What? Yeah.
Um I'm looking for
research positions in biology. Um
My wife and I
moved
back to the United
States
after
living in
Sweden
for four or
5 years. We did our master's
degree
over
there
because
the US is so expensive,
it would literally
cheaper
to move to Sweden, pay tuition and live there for
the time that we did than
it was for just tuition cop
it
it's really good if you have a chance you should. Um uh But she was accepted into PhD program that ended up not working out. Um And so we decided to move back and we moved back in the middle of March, right when everything on fire Um And we've been looking for work and just everything we have applied to is either um you know gets postponed because of the virus or we aren't seen as having enough qualifications or like experience because we took the time off of work to go get more education. Um And I'm sure that
I'm sure that something will come up like he's in computer science and like that's big time in biology and like something will come out.
Um Just maybe not while the world's on fire.
Yeah. Good times. Good time.
we
are
we're in California. We after we we flew back we ended up flying back a week earlier than we thought we were going to because our original flight got canceled and um they were stopping
international flights and like trump was talking about closing the borders to everybody and we're like oh god we have to get back to the U. S. Um So we quarantined for two weeks in a hotel and then we stayed with um Autumns brother and sister in law for two weeks. Um And then we were really fortunate enough that we had like saved enough money to qualify for an apartment. Um
Okay but all housing in California is expensive
so we're looking forward to having an income somewhere.
Yeah the housing market has been insane like people are I don't know how much you follow like the housing boom and bust and whatever. Mhm.
People
are putting in offers for houses hours after they go on the market like double or triple the asking price. So it's really crazy right now. Um And then especially is
the virus continues
and like people have to go back
to start
paying rent and stuff. There's
going to be
of evictions and like
people are going to lose their homes. It's going to be just bad.
And I'm sure your grandma really appreciates that you're there as well
in
biotic relationship.
I really like it. Uh I specialized in fish welfare. Um
and of course, you
know, move to a city where there's like no, no aquaculture or anything. Um So we're trying to figure out like what is a good temporary job and then also what do I want to do in the long term? Like do we move to the coast where there's going to be more opportunities or do we stay more inland where there are more tech jobs? Yeah. But it would be really nice to be able to like go out and, and do you feel the work or even like being in an office with other researchers would be really cool. Hi. Mhm. We're so isolated. We don't have health insurance yet. Uh huh.
So we've been just really
playing it as safe as possible.
Thank you.
Yeah. The number of hoops that you have to jump through just to make sure that you're not going to go bankrupt if you go to the hospital is ridiculous and then you still might go bankrupt because Mhm. You guys is insane. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
All right.
Mhm.
Totally understandable.
Um Let me give you my steam handle. You can hit me on there.
Mhm. Um Mhm. But then I'm going to work. Oh my God, I'm so clunky. Okay, steve map is so clunky on my phone anyways. Um my user name on there is uh masked underscore sarcastic
you can't
Well, to hear something out, we're in. Yeah.
Oh, friend code. I can give you a friend code, found out how to do it. Um 79
Guys, Yeah,
you want
No
worries.
You said
79
01
13
Cool.
Friendlies. What was really nice talking to you?
Thanks.
I hope you get some sleep.
Bye.