Can you hear me now? No? Oh you can't. Okay. Okay. I just switch browsers. I don't know I'm having a problem. Okay. Sorry,
I am
pretty good. How are you doing?
Have you done this chat thing before?
yeah my last year my second attempt, so I'm really happy you should up and I'm glad my volumes working out, I've only done this once before and the volume wasn't working for either of us, so we call each other on the phone and had the whole conversation that but we weren't supposed to do that, but they still gave us the money so that was okay. Um
do you have anything you want to talk about specific I
mean
yeah it's
pretty
interesting. Yes, very very hard topic. Um Yeah I'm living, I kind of I'm taking care of my 88 89 year old grandma right now, so I have to be like
particularly
so I've been pretty isolated. Um What about you? Yeah. Okay. Um
city
that
people
did.
everyone.
It's
terrible.
It's
My last chat partner was a little way more conservative than me and was making anti mass comments and I was like, I'm just not, I did not say anything. I was like, I don't want to engage right now or have an argument, but then I'm
like, maybe my part of the problem, but I don't engage with these people or like talk to them, I just don't want to fight with people. So like, so do you have facebook? Because it's a nightmare on facebook? It's terrible.
So
much
misinformation
and
they're
like,
that's
when
you really
find
out
what
the
family
members
that
you
love.
I
know
it's painful.
My boyfriend's family are pretty hardcore conspiracy theories and it can be difficult. We tend to just not talk about something, something because we know it will lead to disaster. Yes.
I am. This is kind of wearing, but I lived at a like a intentional spiritual community for a year last year, so I made a lot of hippie friends and they're all my facebook friends and sometimes it's just, it's only, it kind of obsessed me most when really empathetic. I know they're like compassionate intelligent people, but they're posting like really not empathetic things about like, I don't know. To me, it's really invalidating when someone posts a conspiracy theory about covid saying it's a hoax or whatever. And then to me that's like invalidating so many people suffering and death, you know what I mean? So I'm like why is this like complete, like they're the nicest person ever in person, but they don't understand how that can actually hurt people, but I don't I don't know, it's a whole thing. Sorry, that
was a rant.
it is. Exactly.
Yeah. It's almost like uh yeah, it's a good lesson on how you can't change people. It's like an addiction in a way to I don't I don't know what it is like if it just makes life more interesting tiddly those things or even more comforting in a way if you can believe there's especially like if there's one, you know, evil group of like of
sadness
or something
controlling everything. Like in some way that's comforting because it's like a superhero could come out of nowhere and save us all. But things are more complicated than that.
But
that makes sense.
and this feeling that you know the truth like is like kind of
that works. Um what's your name, jennifer?
My name is lucy,
it's
like some easier. I really like you. I'm glad I was telling my mom. I was like please don't connect me with another donald trump supporter type of thing.
I was so I'm really like
I was a little
fortunately.
Okay.
it's
not
I haven't
interacted
with anybody
after.
Very good. Sometimes I have bad looks busy. But um what do you do like to distract yourself from the apocalyptic madness of the world? What makes you happy? Um
Well right now,
unfortunately
unemployed screen. Yes.
Bye
What?
all
three. Oh
Oh
that's good.
What do you play?
Oh cool. I've never played those type of games
but
um like I go through phases where a game more, but right now my boyfriend was showing the assassin's creed black flag, so we're being pirates in that and we got the switch basically only to play animal crossing together. But we got really burnt out on it because we played away too much. Um but we've never played like any first person shooters together, I don't think. No, what we should do you play? So you're playing Diablo three on the pc. Oh yeah,
so you have Steam and everything? Yeah, I've seen my way too many games though, but
I've never played.
And the Bundle
in your
life.
Well
there's
one game.
12
others.
I know it's too easy to be a hoarder nowadays. Um What's your favorite game if you have are a few of your favorite? Probably
Fabulous
3
1/2.
I
wasn't hi
when
I
lost it,
I
have a small
and a lot
of holes
again.
there are.
That's really cool.
Yeah, I need that. I've been like really isolated from everything. I don't know, but I so uh sorry, I heard something in the background. Um I'm kind of sleep deprived right now, so I'm sorry if I'm like a little loopy and weird, but um is the elbow three like a coop like you're playing like, I'm sorry, I'm very ignorant when it comes to this, like your online connected to other people and you're playing like in a group.
Why? Uh huh.
I
like
I
can't
hello?
Your
child.
This sounds like a game I'll get really addicted
to if I certainly they
do.
I'm
writing
this down to check out. I'm going to check it out.
Um Some yeah, we go through phases where sometimes we're playing like breath of the wild we had a obsession with and but we can't play like coop with that type of thing so we need more like coop type of games.
Mhm. Um
It is
Yeah.
but I was afraid spring
torturing
taking
out.
Picture.
I don't like the
get it all.
We played that one. We I felt like eventually I got so it's really hard
difficulty,
it
gets really intensely hard so at a certain point I was like I got really frustrated and we abandoned it but we should get back into. But yeah I love puzzle games like
that.
I wanted to play Portal two with him but I was already like I'd like to familiar with portal and he's like not familiar with portals were on like other different levels. I need to get him in supporting. But so wait toys like battle block theater by problem solving. Do you mean like it's a is it a puzzle thing or like
strategic
problems?
thank
you
guys for my.
Oh that sounds cool. That sounds like him.
Castle
crashers.
Fuck
my.
And
you
have
some
type
of all the stuff. Okay.
Try.
It
was
Have a good list going. Thank you.
He's really good at like sorry. He's really good at like super smash brothers type of like go play that with his sister. And I have no they've been playing it since they were kids staying with like Mario Kart. I'm not so I'm just like last place every time I get depressed so
would be cool to Yeah
go
ahead.
Yes
because I suck
basically.
at all
the
or gate
is.
What is she like? Oh
she
wants Oh yeah I really wanted to play that for so long but I've not had a good enough computer to like run it so,
But is that on the switch? Probably not. Yeah,
doubtful.
On um
But she liked it.
What's
that?
That's
so
How that and that's on steam too cool. All these are in steen.
Call. I'm excited. Yeah.
I agree with this. Um
How long have you been married?
It's a long time.
How did you guys meet?
We're not.
Because
Howard
and everything
and I go
there.
that's
That's a great story.
What's her name?
Oh, that's a beautiful name.
Oh let's talk money.
three years. So, Wow. I can't find them where we'd be in another 10 years. Um uh
Yeah, almost three years. And we've been living together for two years. Yeah,
yeah, he's really sweet. He would like him, he's, everyone likes him, he's just really nice and he's like one of those people that's like good at everything, he does automatically and kind of makes you jealous because he just like renaissance man type of person software um there, But yeah,
so
how
did
Well we were, his family is from, this are mostly, he grew up in intentional communities like commune type of places. And so I met him, I met him on a dating app and I was living in like northern colorado and he was from a community in Northern colorado I never heard of and eventually asked me to move in with him there. So we lived there for a year. Uh things are really crazy, they're like things are really good, there's a lot of wonderful people, but it was kind of like a microcosm of the United States because it was kind of like a tyrannical leader and it was a little bit cold like in a little bit iffy and a lot of things happen, things blew up so we had to leave really fast and so my grandma,
she lives in Wyoming and so it's kind of close by and she let us, she usually stays in Arizona, she has two houses, it's nice having, we're very blessed to have wealthy relatives otherwise I don't know what I would be doing, but so she let us move here for a little bit and then she came down because she had a lot of appointments to go to and she ended up needing a lot more help than we realize just because she's getting really old. So we take her to all her appointments and do all those things so I feel useful now at least. But yeah, so right now we're just kind of, I'm looking for a job. He finally got a job as he's a graphic designer. So we're
trying
to save
money and hopefully move out of here next year and maybe the world will be a little less bad. Hopefully. I don't know.
that's all I can hope for.
And
so what do you think?
What
when
you? That's a good question. I was really like chronically mentally and physically ill for like most of my 20's. So
I don't have like, yeah, I don't have a ton of experience and a lot of things because that forced me to drop out of college. But right now I am like I really want to do like movement medicine type of things like I'm studying, I really love, this is random, but I really love hoop hoop dancing, hula hoop dancing and yoga and like, so I'm training to be a yoga teacher right now online and then I don't know if that will lead me anywhere, if that's just like more enriching my practice, but and the vagina implying to are all like remote, like call centre, tedious work, but I would be grateful for that, but I don't really know because my brain is just kind of just have like a hypersensitive insomnia, anxious brain that it's just kind of been out of the realm of possibility for me to go to school for a long time. So right now I'm kind of like I'm doing a lot better so I need to restart my plans in my life but I'm kind of just like overwhelmed by possibilities and also America as it is not knowing what. Yeah. Yeah,
I
totally get
it.
He
is
so hard.
Yeah, like I get kind of, I guess community college really isn't that bad financially, but it still is if I can't work, so it's like, I don't know, I wish I lived in Germany or something where school is free, well nearly free. Um I don't know, sorry, my brain is kind of dying right now
What about you, what are you looking for work wise
or
Uh huh.
My wife and I
moved
back
to the United
States
after
that.
Or
we
are
not
going to be over there because
because
you want to be
with
people.
Good morning
go
Yeah, maybe that's what we should do Sweden
but wow.
And
Stop it.
Yes, We need a lot of patients in this time. So yeah. You've been through massive move, wow. That's crazy. Yeah.
And so where are you now if you don't mind
disclosing
it?
What What?
Yeah.
Just saying. Yeah.
Yes. Right. Yeah. We're in prices everywhere except like middle of nowhere. Kansas are insane.
Not super closely
but
fresh
part
the
supervisor
and
and stop
tonight,
Yeah. It's yeah, that's a terrifying um I get like I just be so happy because I was sick for so long just to be like bare minimum independent. Like even this, you know, small apartment, maybe a cat type of thing. But then it's like the worst things get, I'm like damn you have to like even for the bare minimum minimum you have to make so much and work so much. And I'm just like, it's so sad for some it's so sad. And I'm just so I'm so grateful that we have a place to stay right now and I'm not, I don't know where I'd be. But uh
yeah. It's a good mutual reciprocal whatever that is. Symbiosis stuff with your biologists. Yeah,
symbolizes.
Yes. So you would be like, if you were a researcher buy in biology, would that mean you do like fieldwork? Like out? That's so cool. I love that.
Um
Course.
my
Yeah,
Yeah. I'm living like out of this state. And should I say there's something I don't like, my health insurance is for colorado. So I'm in my own right now. So I'm like, even I'm like, I wanted to get a bike, but I was like, what if I fall and I can't go to the hospital. I like all right. Get Covid at the hospital. I don't know like I can't even, I'm not like, so risk averse. I'm like scared of everything now. But um, health insurance is great and also I'm on,
my boyfriend's on Medicaid. So it's like if he just makes barely anything, you know, to survive, he gets kicked off Medicaid and then suddenly we have like this whole other expenses. So ridiculous and scary.
America's
Crazy. Um,
I'm super tired so I feel like I should go before I like disintegrate,
but I really need friends and I really like you. So can we like exchange information if you want? Okay.
Yeah, that's perfect.
I asked underscore sarcastic. All right. And minus c woven like S C A W O L. V and one word. So
for you see me, by the way, I'm going to figure out how to add you.
Yeah.
seven months? Where do I put the franco? It is my question. Yeah, I'm on my desktop right now. Our laptop
wait out a friend. Here we go. Here
we go. Out of friends starts loading very
very
slowly.
here. Okay. Give me the franco. I
got to know seven
men, you know one that's
Simon three. All right. I found you I'm sending anyway. Okay.
Cool. Yeah.
It was nice talking to you too. And I hope you get, you know, a dream job where you're out with the fish? I don't know if I'm doing well.
Thank
you. Talk to