so we'll get him. Mhm.
all
I can hear you.
is it supposed to be like
good. This is like my
second time doing
that because
the first time we're
gonna show up?
Uh One month.
right
About you?
I think I'm lagging.
Really? Because I hear myself
speaking like 10 seconds later here on your end.
Yeah, I can hear you. Is it good?
No? Alright cool. Let's make this last so we can get $15.
I live in L. A. California.
Oh I was just there like last week. I'm usually there because my boyfriend lives there. So because of quarantine, I was staying with him for a while.
He lives in like the mirror
vehicle area
about
you.
Was that what have you been
doing for quarantine?
Are you out of work or are you just work from home?
Hey, if you can move the, the system uses your bed.
I'm 29. How about you?
I wonder if they did this on purpose like that. They like match us up by location and age or whatever.
But
I'm a dental student. I'm going into my fourth year and we're like we're getting screwed right now because
you can't really uh do online classes forever. Especially with dentistry.
No thanks. Uh huh.
You should be flossing once a day, brush twice a day. You should. Yeah. Do you
you
need
to do it every
day
Still. That'll work. It's very expensive for longer. You put off stuff and the worse it gets when you get older because it starts off as like you get a little cavity right? And you ignore, it grows into a bigger bigger cavity cavities are easy fixes. They're like
you
know it's $60. Then a root canal ends up being like $3. And then if you lose up
to think
an impact as a couple of $1,000. So it's really up to you
I
guess.
Yeah. Are you getting cleaning at least every six months at least
do that?
Very
good. This is your sign.
Um It's not exactly where like L. A. L. A. Is like downtown L. A. It's more like uh the border between
san Bernardino County and L. A. Because my school is Western
University.
Yeah. We're pomona is if you know where pomona is.
You're not doing that anymore.
I know.
How much do you get for selling like one
copy,
huh.
I found it on Reddit in the subreddit. Beer money. Yeah.
Yeah because like I mean I've been sitting at home and like I'm a poor ass dental students. So it's not like I have like I'm really lying on student loans and like that 1200 government check help. It's like, it's still so little for three months. So it was like whatever money on the side helps and plus I'm online all the time anyways.
Yeah. But isn't it like for rich
people who like, you know, spend
thousands and thousands On stock. So that's what this means. All the two. So yeah.
my brother
is into
that the business side and then I never
bothered to kind of learn finances like that. Yeah.
The one I feel like it's been, let me check. I don't know like a couple of years. What, what year is that? I don't even know anymore. Oh my my kid was in June, 26, It wasn't like almost.
Yeah. What other
sites
are using this lives like prolific to make money when you share your secrets.
Well
they say you
like uh what is it? Not anonymous but like a confidential?
I
tried,
you tried
doing that but it was like kind of annoying having to like record yourself and then you don't get picked. It's like a lot more work than what did you ever get picked for any, you know that
though?
No, I never heard of that.
It makes
me
in public.
what
they call
it
user testing.
So it's like you're doing prolific most of the time now.
how long you have to do there for? Like how long is the program?
Oh wow. Was it was a hard like quitting cold turkey. That's everything that withdrawals. Like like how they
prayed in the movies and stuff. Yeah.
There
are.
What uh three years. He's like my complete
opposite.
He actually works for Sony Playstation. Like a game developer. Yeah
and then I
he worked more on like um So if you have a PS. Four and you open up the menu it shows like different themes like you can pick or you get free ones and stuff like that. He makes those themes based on like like he gets contracted by like the game like marble or something like that to make
games.
Yeah. Uh He grinds. His teeth are like definitely a little shoulder but like I like his step mom is like a dental assistant to so it's like he doesn't really have an excuse in ocular that don't just. Yeah.
I don't know. I don't
know.
They
don't
have
messed me up. It's not like what was that
like dental school has made me like I don't know if it's like the word gated, but whenever I meet somewhere I talked, some of the first thing I look at it. Her teeth. Well, I can't see yours right now. So
I think your connection like
that
because
I can't see you anymore.
I can. All right. Cool.
I can't see. It's like okay. It's like I can see some of it, but I can't see the details or anything like that. But yeah, when I meet someone that's like the first thing I look at
So that's like the place you're at. What do you do all day
besides
work
out?
Yeah. You get a social life actually. Like I feel like I haven't seen anyone besides like my roommate and my boyfriend this whole entire time. Yeah.
She's a nursing student at the same school.
about a dentist. So I have one more year.
Well it's I'm supposed to be getting in May but like we haven't been in school since March. And like this is the time when you see patients and you start getting really go your hands and like you know treating patients and stuff and then now we're getting like screwed out of that. So I don't know. We're still hoping that we graduate in time and all that.
time coming.
So we are to fresh which you should be changing every like three months. It should be like soft bristles or extra soft. And then you have to, you're not also apply pressure at all. Like if you brush really hard it just makes you get gum recession and once your gums go, the only way that you can bring that back is the surgery. So you can't be pushing literally a
light pressure. Like
you're literally just kind of touching like not much pressure at all. Like you think it's not doing anything, but it's really effective
and you have to have the bristle. Like You have one of the bristles, like kind of angle, like a 45° angle against your teeth. So not like, you know straight back and forth, like this that doesn't do anything. You have to have the bristles a little towards your gums and then you do
like circular motions. All the crap comes up.
Yeah, it's like this book. They don't they, like I didn't even never been pulled down on school. Like even my gent
has never taught me how to do this.
anything sugar free. So Yeah, orbits fine. None of that like bubble gum stuff because that's a really bad through to you.
Yeah. And you have to be brushing a At least two minutes.
No, we have to get rid of it. Those like extra, I don't even know why extra heart apparently. Therefore like, like really heavy smokers who have like really yellow teeth and like really bad staining. But even then that's really bad for you. Like the best is just to go extra soft talked.
Okay, let me see. Let me check the timer. So we have like four more
minutes
left.
What do you plan to do after you get out?
You can definitely do food delivery like one of my friends is doing and he makes like 300 and 500 and like a week or two.
Like it's insane how much people would be willing to pay for delivery.
Hm.
Why?
Yeah. My brother has it. He told me about it. But then like, I feel like I'm more of
the
low risk
because I I'd rather like, I'll just do it here and there and not commit to me
time and
effort.
Okay. I don't know. We'll see. I like regret not majoring and like reminding and economics when I was in college so
I could learn
all that because that like
eventually
owning a dental
practice, like you need
to
have
business skills
to
Hello.
Following
What do you think would happen with all this covid situations?
Because these are going out.
Yeah. How long do you think we're going to
keep this
up?
Well, let's get that leg. You have it. Know anyone who's been affected because I heard it's like,
pretty bad.
You
get it. I know one person who was like, actually like two or 3 who they didn't go to the hospital, but they were like, just more of the mild symptoms or even the mild symptoms like suck, like really bad fever. You had diarrhea, you can't breathe and then you're just, it's like having
like a really, really bad flu for a week
and even, and they were like doing like our age and stuff, so it's like, I don't really want to experience that.
yeah. Yeah.
The lingering stuff. I was like, holy crowd. No, I don't, definitely don't want it now.
Like you can get lung scarring and like, I don't know. It's like, you just never completely heal from
it.
I had 25. Is your,
do
you
have a counter
to?
I .5. Yeah.
Oh, my name
is Gloria. What's yours?
Yeah. I mean,