SPEAKER_L: okay alexander without? Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yes. Mhm, mm. Mhm Mhm Mhm. Well uh Mhm Mhm, mm hmm. So you know, do not, Hey, you should have a timer below text. Mhm. Keep track how long the chat, That's lovely, but that's not Yeah. Mhm tells me walk shit. Okay, mm. Yeah. Mhm. The city uh is that well?
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so I guess we just go Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I was it wasn't given any, it said just like talk about whatever you want, so Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry I was under the impression that you would be a researcher. So. No it's just a conversation. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: now it's just a conversation, we just like talk about, I guess it's like if we just like meat it up meeting or a party or whatever, we just talk about whatever. All right,
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you don't want me asking are you in the new york area? I'm
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I am.
SPEAKER_R: the western part of the state.
SPEAKER_L: Um yeah, I mean, I'm here about 10, I'm in New Jersey, but I'm about 10 minutes from Manhattan.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well lovely lovely. I hope everyone is well in your family uh us us to
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: uh so I think that the they've been asking a lot about feelings and energy and so forth and trying to stay healthy. Are you able to maintain your job with the distancing and so forth? Was that
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: working?
SPEAKER_L: where in that respect? We're in the group that is unemployed, so um I mean, fortunately we're not in the like desperate, oh we don't have a paycheck this time, we're in trouble but we're looking for jobs and actually I'm trying to I'm thinking about starting a website
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: so um yeah so um so
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: yeah so I mean we're able to
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: do everything pretty much that we would normally do if that's what you meant
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in general. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: my husband has an interview tomorrow which was a good thing. Um So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: so overall we're okay we're you know a little anxious but we're okay and I'm Bonnie.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my name
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: is Joel.
SPEAKER_L: Joel. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I have very high anxiety because my I'm in the phase for type of thing and I run my own business and I do not believe I will be able to run my business this year. Oh
SPEAKER_L: question. Well.
SPEAKER_R: it involves tourism. Yeah. So therefore I have a great deal of concern uh Like you uh we are fortunate everyone's healthy but um unfortunately or I guess also fortunately we have some money, you know we're not destitute or anything like that. But it's more and my wife is a professional uh speech pathologist person and as is the best of our knowledge, she's able to work from home. And we will see school can change though you you never know.
SPEAKER_L: Sure we'll see. I mean so she works and I'm very familiar with speech pathology, not because I'm in it, but my daughter sees one so um I mean
SPEAKER_R: fuck
SPEAKER_L: she's older but so so
SPEAKER_R: Her
SPEAKER_L: she's in a school or she's private or both.
SPEAKER_R: proper degree is in speech pathology. And she used to be a frontline provider. So you would go into schools. She
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: does not work for a school district, She works for private agency that that that you know, so now she's in management but she will uh from time to time actually provide the services uh for the Children. And of course she's constantly correcting me. Yeah. So, uh, but yeah, she's doing fine, but the schools were concerned because, you know, we don't know exactly what the future holds and, and so that's, you know, that's the thing. But yeah, my, my whole, how I make a living is that I entertain people in groups and now, what, what do you do with that? That's
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: the,
SPEAKER_L: it's it's indoors what you usually do or?
SPEAKER_R: um, it's all I I own a double decker bus and humorous tours, historical tours. I
SPEAKER_L: it sounds fun.
SPEAKER_R: murder mysteries and I'm an author. I write books and stuff books though, it's, you can't make a living off of it, at least at my skill level. It's a not the major part of our income. So, um, we're just waiting here. And uh, one of the bad things that I've found is that I've gotten into this horrible habit of going onto social media and and like watching or listening or reading messages from other people who are also in trouble like me, like a echo chamber. And so my wife is, is kind of saying like, listen, you gotta move on, man, you know, you gotta like let's go to what you can do, not what you can't do. But it's still, it is, I would say definitely a very depressing time for for me, it's not a positive, that's no.
SPEAKER_L: but I I totally get it because like again my husband has been in Higher ed and Higher Ed is going to be shrinking, so so we're a little concerned about that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: So we're
SPEAKER_R: the question,
SPEAKER_L: hoping that he's going to find something. Um But
SPEAKER_R: I have a
SPEAKER_L: probably.
SPEAKER_R: sister, that's a principle in a school district. Um, so, but they, they've been having to do, like I thought like now schools would kind of having a little bit easier, but according to her, they have to do new things and different things and so
SPEAKER_L: they have to like they uh um well the teachers had to learn how to do zoom and all that stuff pretty quickly. Um And then um program for some school districts, I mean other districts are doing other stuff,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but I was going to say but yeah, they have to they're trying to plan for next year when they don't even know because if they have to do social distancing, let's figure out how they're going to do it, and then there's the idea that if the the kids aren't in school happen, the parents really work or it certainly makes it much harder um for
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: the parents, especially the younger kids. Uh So I think there's a lyrics pressure to get the kids into some kind of thing, but if they're going to be doing this, I mean, I was hearing that they were trying to do like every other day, then, I mean, how does that work for the parent either? So it's going to be an interesting time I guess. I mean my my two girls, they're older, they're one is just graduating, this is her, she's a senior, so she's missing commitment commencement. So all these things you're hearing about, the o the seniors are not getting their commencement, so she's sort of involved with that, but she's not, she's like, oh it's okay, and I have another daughter who's in college, but like a local college, so for us actually that we're in a very good place, I mean in terms of like we don't have to be scheduled, I mean we do have to sort of look over my younger daughter, but it's not the same as if we had younger kids in the house that we had to deal with at the same time as we're doing everything else.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: wondered They paired us based upon some commonalities. So for example, um I have my youngest, I for my youngest son is 17, he's just graduating high school And then I the other three are up, 23 is my oldest one
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and so I actually have two graduations, one from college and one from high school. So um uh is your daughter um is it difficult for her not to do the graduation thing doesn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: share?
SPEAKER_L: really not so much, you know, I asked her when she was in high school, she was involved in a choir and she really loved this choir anyway, so I asked her, I said, well, which would would have bothered you more missing the lab because she didn't like every year and they had this big performance in March, whatever. Um not being able to have done that or missing graduation, she said oh I'm so much happier that we had were able to do the last choir thing then
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: you know the graduation. So she's not,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I mean we're trying to come up with some fun thing to do but we're not sure because like we were saying well what should we do is zoom party and then we were talking about how it doesn't really do what you wanted to do because if people want to have side conversations you can't really I mean you could do that in the chat but so the fun is everybody talking to like different people, not just her making speech and everybody's saying you know how you know, I remember this about you or that about you, so it's a little trickier to do that soon. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: my my moment My 17 points of the same mind,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I believe my wife is much more concerned about having some kind of function uh but he doesn't really care. Um We're up here where they're trying to do some things with possibly drive in movie theaters, you know, so I don't know, but like to your point, I think it's really interesting that the online interaction is not the same as being face to face. Uh if you think about it when you text, you know, you have those emojis because there's no context, there's, you know, you usually tell by inflection how people speak. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Inflection. And it also facial um you know looking at the face of the body, body language.
SPEAKER_R: And you can't end. Uh I've also found, um I don't like the concept of wearing the mask just because I just don't like it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's because again it does it affects the body language being able to read it. Right.
SPEAKER_R: not so much the mechanics of breathing, but rather it just, and it just doesn't seem human when you go into a grocery store and there's this, this bizarro world going on and it
SPEAKER_L: There.
SPEAKER_R: just and it makes you feel a little bit helpless sometimes in light of all, all these things now, down, down where you're at in New Jersey and so forth, a lot of beaches are known
SPEAKER_L: Um Not where I am. Um
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: No I mean we have to travel, I mean we could get to beaches but we'd have to travel a while. They're not righteous here. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I see it is uh in regards to, you know, this, like you're probably in tune with new york, you know, close, we we just started it today, kind of this opening up this phase one as they call it. Um, and so, but really if you go out on our bike path near our house or if you go like a couple of weekends ago, we, I have an elderly mother, she just turned 80, but we're in a situation where we can take her for a walk every day. Um but I tried to go on a weekend to a state park and two of the three state parks were closed or full, you couldn't even park there. So the, when the government says it's time to come out is different from when people are doing it. So
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: true, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: see people are coming out and so forth. So really the government informs us. But people they got to get out there. Social social animals.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So what's happening sort of around here is and this is what I'm going to say, it's a lot of people are like on their lawns so um
SPEAKER_R: huh,
SPEAKER_L: they'll have friends over but the friends will sit six ft
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: feet apart so you have your your lawn chairs out And they're sitting six ft apart
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and like we just like now it's warming up so um so I think that's how people can socialize for a while. Uh Some are wearing masks, some aren't
SPEAKER_R: Or?
SPEAKER_L: um I guess my my feeling is I want to be wearing a mask when I'm close to people when I'm inside. Um but if I'm sitting at least 6ft apart on my lawn, I don't feel so necessary,
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: especially there but it's feeling well, I mean I'm gonna not like share in people's faces. You have the you have the air going on, so the ventilation. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's uh it was interesting. I used to work when when I was younger I worked for a firm that uses used ultraviolet light to kill we don't we don't say kill inactivate viruses. So I have a little bit not a little bit of a background. I understand the mechanics of infection masks and how all that works. It's a pretty it's very interesting and it's not exactly what you would think um regarding regarding the mass. Um I don't know that they hurt. Some people say you know, they can be breeding grounds and that is true, but that's I think it's a minor thing, but they certainly um folks who think that that's the be all end all for viruses, they're far too small unless you have a professionally fitted mask. It was called the N 95 mask. So you were ever to have a sick person in your house or you know, whatever, God forbid, but you want to get an N 95 mask because otherwise it's it's not really what what what it's advertised to be
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, I think, I mean they're saying that it's the other way around, it's the person wearing the mask is helping the other person, meaning that if it at least will keep the aerosols and the other stuff more dampened, so it's less it's less likely to get to them if they're also wearing at last.
SPEAKER_R: There is truth. There is some truth in that the most recent studies because I I've been unfortunately board and watching them. They just did a study. This is two weeks ago. It it's from china, it's in a lab and they had a person with a cloth mask on, with the mask on and then a surgical mask. And then they basically they cough. They had this is with live people that actually have covid 19 and they coughed and they have a dish. And in the dish they see any of the viruses culture, you know, you know, and there was no difference between a cloth mask and no mask in terms
SPEAKER_L: In terms
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: of going forward.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So in other words, I whether I was without a mask or whether I had a cloth mask I affected at the same rate, I spread that I shed the virus at the same rate. Um surgical mask was better, but they're still wasn't infection. So there's there's truth to it. There's certainly, and I guess, you know what people, it's probably a good thing to to try to do the best you can, you know, in
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: perfect
SPEAKER_L: to use
SPEAKER_R: world
SPEAKER_L: the resources that you've got because
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I don't mean
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I think what it's doing is it's buying time to create good treatment. I think that's where it's going to be the most effective unless they do the vaccine unless the vaccine comes sooner than we think. But I'm not, you know, he could talk about work speed all he wants, but I'm not buying it when most people when most experts are saying it takes four years. So, but if it if it means that the doctors are coming up with better treatments um so that when somebody is
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: very sick they can get them better. That that helps too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, in general the idea of being on your lawn is probably the best thing for you. Uh UV light it um viruses are not alive. They're they're single and are so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I like my daughter just um she studied neuroscience, so you know she was giving us a little primer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so the UV. C. Light it stops it from replicating it corrupts the D. N. A. Uh There's some some of that UBC like inherent in the sunlight that is that that we receive when we're outside. Uh There's also evidence that temperature has in some way uh they think has has proven to be a benefit. Um You know it's it's a thing that's wrapped in fat and if you can corrupt that fat or somehow degradation did That's a that's a positive thing. So it's definitely good to be outside and you know it's it's sometimes it's um it's confusing because now in in New York at least we know that 66% of the deaths are from nursing homes As an aggregate. And then we also learned this is maybe like two weeks ago, maybe a week ago. I don't know. The governor of New York said that over 50% of the people that are coming down with hospitalizations are in the home, they, you know, they're, you know, and it's sort of like
SPEAKER_L: Because you well look you you go out um you know because even if you're staying at home, okay look you live in a house, okay and then we live in houses, so it's in some ways it's easier for us because let's say even if we just go to the grocery store, we leave our house, get in our car, go to the grocery store, we quickly do whatever we're gonna do, we leave, we come back, we don't have to go through paul's that other people go through, we don't have to go in elevators, we don't have to walk on crowded sidewalks, so like it's like there and and and with the nursing homes also because it's the I'm assuming a lot of it is the the people who care for them go from person to person. I think that's a lot of it.
SPEAKER_R: Well, we're fortunate because we give my mom
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: cares.
SPEAKER_L: at all.
SPEAKER_R: She's 80 years old and very healthy.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: She's very, as a matter of fact that the whole thing for her is that she can't do the things she volunteers at a soup kitchen and she book clubs and and all that stuff. So now we're we we do walks and so forth. And actually yesterday was her 80th birthday. So
SPEAKER_L: Happy birthday. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: she's uh doing well and we had a zoom party for her and many of the grandchildren, you know, we're there. So it was very nice. We created my, my daughter, I have a daughter, one of my daughters is a little bit like me, she has less empathy, but my other daughters way at the other end of the spectrum, she's a super giver. We she pioneered thing and I helped her out where we basically, we published a book where we asked about 60 or 65 people that my mom has, you know, been involved with over life to write letters, but a whole together for her. And it was just, it was one of the most, I think nicest things or best gifts that anyone could get. And so I kind of, I put it together and we published it online. Uh so That was rather rather nice. I mean if you're 80 and you can get maybe 20 people under the age of 50 to come to your birthday party, that's pretty good. So if you don't mind me answer your husband's in education, are you also are you an educators want?
SPEAKER_L: my background was as a librarian, but I've been I did I was working in a business library and then the recession, the first recession came um and at that point both of my girls um have learning issues. So for the most part I was home helping them with school work and things like that. Um And then I had like I have like big little big things. I was doing like some freelance research and um things like that, so it wasn't a lot, but it was you know with my husband and it was enough and we felt we needed to focus on my girls. So.
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so so since being a librarian, being a researcher, I also sort of like read up on all of what's going on and all that fun stuff. Yeah so but about so but also my um we were also, well we and my my my brother in law help our my n lewis lived nearby so were their shoppers. Uh So we we briefly I mean we don't do stuff with them. We sort of agreed that we want them to stay in their apartment. Unfortunately has a it has about really nice balcony.
SPEAKER_R: But it was Uh
SPEAKER_L: So for the most part we like them to just stay there and then we bring them their food. And um you're my brother in law as well. But we also had a birthday party for my for my father in law was very nice. Well soon lots of people that he hadn't seen in a long time because they're from all over I mean I guess that's the advantage of the zoom is you can have people from all over who normally wouldn't come to a physical party. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: the last last public thing that I did was for a group of about 100 librarians. Yeah, there's a regional um you know of a regional group or something of librarians and so forth. And um I I do also talks you know, Power Point talks about history
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and unknown things in history.
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: I have a background in stand up comedy and I write murder mysteries and you know
SPEAKER_L: It sounds it sounds very
SPEAKER_R: it's. Yeah, it
SPEAKER_L: Usually.
SPEAKER_R: but uh I love the as a matter of fact one of the, one of my guides that I hire is a is a librarian and she's great because she just has a ton of knowledge about all these things. And I was thinking as I was preparing for my my presentation uh for the librarians, librarians are cool in that um you guys are gatekeepers of knowledge.
SPEAKER_L: Well we used to be now
SPEAKER_R: It will, but
SPEAKER_L: now we compete.
SPEAKER_R: yes. The problem is though, that a lot of people think that because they have the phone they have the wisdom of
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yes
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: ages.
SPEAKER_L: always been in the issue since the you know the internet. Oh I saw it on the internet. It must be true.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I think that the thing with librarians, your gatekeepers, but you also help provide context and and that's unfortunately the democratization of of data is weird in that it gives us more information, but it doesn't necessarily make us smarter.
SPEAKER_L: Right. You really have to understand what where the information is coming from and what is the agenda of
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: whoever
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: something,
SPEAKER_L: that's giving you the information.
SPEAKER_R: yes, and and that's the that's the problem, It's weird we via social media, internet you think that we were more connected but yet many regards because it's a human tendency to just reinforce what you already know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: bias. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's what you do. And so uh I always, I I think of the librarian as the person that that helps like I say steer you and give you a broader scope and also like, like like we were talking about knowing the credibility of different things because I have some uh very fortunate in that my family, we've got some real crack smart people. My I'm very blessed my my my daughter that just graduated from the university here um and assume a cum laude or whatever, but she is on a full ride full scholarship,
SPEAKER_L: Well well
SPEAKER_R: very brave.
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: paid a heck of a lot for her daughter. I mean she really
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: got a lot out of it but it was very expensive.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but she is uh she'll say things uh that almost border on conspiracy theory. Yeah, like it just doesn't pass the smell test, you know? and
SPEAKER_L: room.
SPEAKER_R: she she's very um more more more Bernie guy, you know, and so she comes up with these these things and and uh but you know, being older, it's like, you know, the government, it's hard for the government to distribute cheese. So in other words, the government having this plot or trying to do a certain thing or with this Machiavellian kind of machine. A lot of times, I go it just, it can't be true.
SPEAKER_L: Well I I guess, I mean it sounds like you're the history guy, Does she is she does she read history? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: not not so much, but she does have a broad, a broad agenda. She just, you know, kind of took off and went to Ireland for a while on spring
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: break. She just, but like, you know, we're working middle class, she found the cheapest thing and she stayed in hostels and in all, but yeah, and now she has now, is your daughter going too well? So my daughter's graduating college, she's taking a gap year, that's what they call it nowadays.
SPEAKER_L: You're talking about, she graduated high school and she's doing a gap year after high school or college.
SPEAKER_R: No, my son just graduated high school. My daughter just got a four year degree I think.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So shoot now she's taking a gap year after college. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and I that's what they do, that's what they say that I don't
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: kid,
SPEAKER_L: I guess not among my friends but
SPEAKER_R: Now may I ask is your daughter's trajectory more schooling or does she feel in addition?
SPEAKER_L: Eventually. Not not now because again we just spent a heck of on it. I think that she's not even totally sure that she was studying neuroscience, but now she thinks you might want to do more environmental science. So she's trying I mean the original plan before Covid was to try to find some job where she could get it more of a sense of what, you know, if she could do. Like we have like the so what they're like wetlands around here to see if she could get some job with them or some other nature kind of a thing and see if that is something she's interested in and learn more about that. Um Now it's sort of like well let's get something, anything uh being at least. And she was also going to work at uh she went to a sleep away camp for several years which was like a farm camp she really like. So she was going to be counselor this year and also worked part time. Like Park would be counseling. The kids apart would be working on the farm, the farm aspect of it, but that was cancelled. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so we're still in the we're not quite sure. We're trying to figure out what, you know, she wants to do. And so I guess but we're hoping that she can get I guess at this point we don't know if she would get paid. The idea was that she would get paid this year but if if it's a volunteer position then you know okay I guess whatever it is it's going to be. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: another interest perception, my
SPEAKER_L: Are you going
SPEAKER_R: daughter is also
SPEAKER_L: health?
SPEAKER_R: that the environmental going on. She started
SPEAKER_L: well it's
SPEAKER_R: and they
SPEAKER_L: called
SPEAKER_R: actually got beehives on their campus. And so she got into, she actually did a study about bees and the viruses that affect them disease and what not. And that's what she's trying to go into some kind of environmental things. She got a paid for the internship and it's a uh it's a study of a particular hotspot and, you know, up here, I think maybe in New Jersey as well, there's there's a lot of industry and in the 40 thirties, forties and fifties, they didn't dispose of their chemicals properly here. Niagara Falls is a huge hotspot for that huge chemical industry. Um the the Manhattan project was refined here during World War Two, so there's a lot of stuff, bad stuff. So she's studying a neighborhood where a bunch of folks have unfortunately come up with blood cancers, so it's a paid for government kind of funded thing. And so
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: she doing this study and yeah, so yeah, that that's good and then she, you know, decide where she wants to go, but yeah, it's kind of interesting the parallels and things that that that uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah because I don't remember writing all that much detail in that for oh
SPEAKER_R: now do you mind, so you're you're looking for employment as well and how big is your net?
SPEAKER_L: well um what? But I don't know that I'm gonna be able to really get something because uh partly the age factor partly because my resume is very spotty because for a while I wasn't doing all that much, you know it was more working with my kids. So what I actually came up with and something that I'm starting to work on now is um possibly doing, creating a website um that helps uh prepare, that helps parents help kids prepare for careers, even starting in middle school because I think what's happening is the schools are saying that they're helping career prep and I don't think they really are and I think that there are parents who the parents who do it automatically are doing it automatically, the ones who have the connections, the ones who have the knowledge are getting their kids ready or they're complaining and then they're hiring the tutor or whoever they, but I think that there's like a lot of people that they just don't know, you know, they don't know what they don't know. So I'm sort of hoping this website gives a lot of ideas partly. Um I'm hoping to uh I'm not sure exactly, I'm going to do it because last night was I was even on Youtube just looking at what was out there in terms of people, um interviewing people from different careers, like a day in the life of a data science or the day in the life of somebody and it doesn't look like there's such great stuff out there. I mean unfortunately I'm not like, so I wish I knew more about, I'm first learning about how to do a website, how to do a Youtube. So it might be tricky to do that, but but like all different aspects about how you can prepare your kid and not just um career prep because some of it is soft skills, but it's just teaching the parents, you know, these are things that you can be doing to get them set. Maybe even starting some kind of a mentor group because or a network group because of some parents don't have big networks so maybe we need to create one. Um so that parents can, you know share their know how or whatever. So I'm just like coming up with ideas now and I think it will be a neat idea. I think it's going to take a while to get going, but I kind of think it's needed. No, I mean do you think that something like that might be um you know, it might be useful
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: because schools say they do
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it, but I don't
SPEAKER_R: sleep.
SPEAKER_L: know, a lot of them don't like what they do. Very little
SPEAKER_R: So just one thing I had to reinvent myself, I'm 54 and um
SPEAKER_L: I'm a little older. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: doesn't show good look good living in that library. Um The the the one quick thing for you is that I've had to become my own web master and so forth. I have three sites and so forth. Um The most intuitive website that is to say their templates and it's easy to do and there's like one fee and Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah. That is um go daddy's web whatever their whatever they call their web building but go daddy, you know you get
SPEAKER_L: actually my husband is good at this stuff so he's going to I mean I don't, you know, it's not going to be like the most amazing website but he knows about this stuff, so he's definitely gonna be helping me. Um But yeah, but thank you. Yes, I've heard of go daddy, mm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah but the weird thing is is that prior to about eight years ago I had worked in offices, I hadn't worked where I wasn't my own boss and so forth. And then I had to leap off. I didn't, I didn't have to, I I did. But the skills that I have, communicating and entertaining, uh researching and understanding history and whatnot that all came and I just I guess I just expressed it in a different way and you'll do the same thing. Uh and I think that that's a great uh excellent use of your skills in that. I do believe that there's a lot of folks who don't have the same skills that we grew up with. I I take it for granted. I have discussed like I don't understand like um school lunches, like I like school breakfast is, I'm like, how can you not figure kids? Like that's how alienated I am from people, you know, from from folks that they, you know, they got to get their kids up and get them dressed and my wife tells me, you don't understand some people can't they can't function, they don't their kids are dirty, they can't feed their kids and it's hard for me to understand that. So.
SPEAKER_L: Are there two elements of it? I mean, we had we had sort of had a breakfast issue because we had to find things that are kids would eat um you know, they're very picky, so um you know, we you know, I've actually but it was a struggle there at various points because of their their eating habits, so there might be different reasons for it. Then we also had an issue. I remember once when my my older daughter was younger, we didn't want to meet eating lots of junk food, so I wouldn't put junk food in their lunches, but my daughter being who she was would go around and like beg the other kids for the junk food. So the teachers like please put something into lunch. I know it's so you might think, you know what, you know what kind of parent and like this is it, so it can flip either direction. Oh
SPEAKER_R: but the the getting to your point though, I do think that there's now two parents working is the norm. And also
SPEAKER_L: Can be tricky.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and we can see now that there's a certain things are different. I don't want to say bad worse or better. But it used to be that schools and police law enforcement didn't have the social aspect to it now. It seems schools and especially law enforcement tend to have a little bit more of a function of socialization that some people don't get at home for whatever reason and you know like police officers that that I I see and so where they seem to complain a lot that there has to be a psychiatrist and a social worker and so forth as people are not learning these skills at home or you know, as as they mature. So I do think that that that there's it's a need out there um and I like I said, I don't know, I think that I just think things have changed when I was a kid. We had a rifle club in my high school, You bring a 22 on the bus to school. It was a club, you know, these are just things were just different back then. So I do think that there's a need and it sounds to me like you have the personality to help people find the resources uh you know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: mean I would do it within the context of being a librarian that's offering information and resources as opposed to like a friend of mine was was was was talking to about it said, oh and you can tell them about oh ned and almost like she thought I was going to be like a consultant to individual kids and I'm like, I don't know if I, you know, because I don't come to this with an education background necessarily more as a librarian, I'm going to go out, I'm going to review sources, I'm going to make recommendations. I'm going to post them. but I think it also might be good to do this figure out how I'm going to do with this um mentor group and also the network group. Because to me networking is so much of this, it's really known somebody who knows somebody. And if you just don't lack, if you lack those networks it makes it tricky.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, you're you're absolutely right. Um there's hard
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: work and then a little bit of luck and the harder you work sometimes the luckier you get, they say, but yeah, there's people that don't have that, they're they're it's unfortunate we I'm one of six kids and so my parents are here, my my uh my grandparents are passed on, but all six of us kids some left, but all came back, so we do have a very robust um safety net and um everyone knows someone and so but a lot of people are not in that, not in that position, not at all. Um So yeah, I think, I think it sounds like a solid idea, I'm happy that you are pursuing that. I think it's something that's needed. I'm telling you though, I think you have a natural personality, people are comfortable to talk to you and to take advice
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I appreciate that.
SPEAKER_R: on that. Um So we've been chatting for like half an hour now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think I think we can tie it up if we want to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I'm gonna go warm I. T. Up here and uh Bonnie was a pleasure speaking to. And I wish you best of luck with your, with everything, with the kids and the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: career
SPEAKER_L: you. Same
SPEAKER_R: and whatnot.
SPEAKER_L: for you.
SPEAKER_R: If you are ever, if you ever find yourselves up in the Buffalo Niagara Falls area, I'm the double decker bus guy, I will survive God and
SPEAKER_L: Like that.
SPEAKER_R: uh be my guest. I will take you around and show you that. Like I said, God forbid you ever come up here.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God no, no baby. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Well, we'd love to have you and your family be our guest and take your own.
SPEAKER_L: Great. Thanks so much.
SPEAKER_R: All right, thank you. Have a good day
SPEAKER_L: so it's a like.