okay alexander without? Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yes. Mhm, mm. Mhm Mhm Mhm. Well uh Mhm Mhm, mm hmm. So you know, do not, Hey, you should have a timer below text. Mhm. Keep track how long the chat, That's lovely, but that's not Yeah. Mhm tells me walk shit. Okay, mm. Yeah. Mhm. The city uh is that well?
Oh, so I guess we just go Uh huh
I don't know. I was it wasn't given any, it said just like talk about whatever you want, so Oh,
now it's just a conversation, we just like talk about, I guess it's like if we just like meat it up meeting or a party or whatever, we just talk about whatever. All right,
I'm
Yes, I am.
Um yeah, I mean, I'm here about 10, I'm in New Jersey, but I'm about 10 minutes from Manhattan.
Good.
Well,
where in that respect? We're in the group that is unemployed, so um I mean, fortunately we're not in the like desperate, oh we don't have a paycheck this time, we're in trouble but we're looking for jobs and actually I'm trying to I'm thinking about starting a website
so um yeah so um so
yeah so I mean we're able to
do everything pretty much that we would normally do if that's what you meant
in general. Um But
my husband has an interview tomorrow which was a good thing. Um So
um
yeah
so overall we're okay we're you know a little anxious but we're okay and I'm Bonnie.
Hi
Joel. Oh.
question. Well.
Sure we'll see. I mean so she works and I'm very familiar with speech pathology, not because I'm in it, but my daughter sees one so um I mean
she's older but so so
she's in a school or she's private or both.
well.
now
it's it's indoors what you usually do or?
it sounds fun.
but I I totally get it because like again my husband has been in Higher ed and Higher Ed is going to be shrinking, so so we're a little concerned about that. Um
So we're
hoping that he's going to find something. Um But
probably.
they have to like they uh um well the teachers had to learn how to do zoom and all that stuff pretty quickly. Um And then um program for some school districts, I mean other districts are doing other stuff,
but I was going to say but yeah, they have to they're trying to plan for next year when they don't even know because if they have to do social distancing, let's figure out how they're going to do it, and then there's the idea that if the the kids aren't in school happen, the parents really work or it certainly makes it much harder um for
the parents, especially the younger kids. Uh So I think there's a lyrics pressure to get the kids into some kind of thing, but if they're going to be doing this, I mean, I was hearing that they were trying to do like every other day, then, I mean, how does that work for the parent either? So it's going to be an interesting time I guess. I mean my my two girls, they're older, they're one is just graduating, this is her, she's a senior, so she's missing commitment commencement. So all these things you're hearing about, the o the seniors are not getting their commencement, so she's sort of involved with that, but she's not, she's like, oh it's okay, and I have another daughter who's in college, but like a local college, so for us actually that we're in a very good place, I mean in terms of like we don't have to be scheduled, I mean we do have to sort of look over my younger daughter, but it's not the same as if we had younger kids in the house that we had to deal with at the same time as we're doing everything else.
All
What?
I
really not so much, you know, I asked her when she was in high school, she was involved in a choir and she really loved this choir anyway, so I asked her, I said, well, which would would have bothered you more missing the lab because she didn't like every year and they had this big performance in March, whatever. Um not being able to have done that or missing graduation, she said oh I'm so much happier that we had were able to do the last choir thing then
you know the graduation. So she's not,
you know, I mean we're trying to come up with some fun thing to do but we're not sure because like we were saying well what should we do is zoom party and then we were talking about how it doesn't really do what you wanted to do because if people want to have side conversations you can't really I mean you could do that in the chat but so the fun is everybody talking to like different people, not just her making speech and everybody's saying you know how you know, I remember this about you or that about you, so it's a little trickier to do that soon. Mhm.
No.
Inflection. And it also facial um you know looking at the face of the body, body language.
Right. It's because again it does it affects the body language being able to read it. Right.
There.
Um Not where I am. Um
No I mean we have to travel, I mean we could get to beaches but we'd have to travel a while. They're not righteous here. Yeah. Yeah.
That's
true, that's true.
Yeah. Yeah. So what's happening sort of around here is and this is what I'm going to say, it's a lot of people are like on their lawns so um
they'll have friends over but the friends will sit six ft
feet apart so you have your your lawn chairs out And they're sitting six ft apart
and like we just like now it's warming up so um so I think that's how people can socialize for a while. Uh Some are wearing masks, some aren't
um I guess my my feeling is I want to be wearing a mask when I'm close to people when I'm inside. Um but if I'm sitting at least 6ft apart on my lawn, I don't feel so necessary,
especially there but it's feeling well, I mean I'm gonna not like share in people's faces. You have the you have the air going on, so the ventilation. Uh huh.
Well, I mean, I think, I mean they're saying that it's the other way around, it's the person wearing the mask is helping the other person, meaning that if it at least will keep the aerosols and the other stuff more dampened, so it's less it's less likely to get to them if they're also wearing at last.
In terms
of going forward.
I have
to use
the resources that you've got because
I mean I don't mean
Mhm. I think what it's doing is it's buying time to create good treatment. I think that's where it's going to be the most effective unless they do the vaccine unless the vaccine comes sooner than we think. But I'm not, you know, he could talk about work speed all he wants, but I'm not buying it when most people when most experts are saying it takes four years. So, but if it if it means that the doctors are coming up with better treatments um so that when somebody is
very sick they can get them better. That that helps too.
Yeah. I like my daughter just um she studied neuroscience, so you know she was giving us a little primer.
Because you well look you you go out um you know because even if you're staying at home, okay look you live in a house, okay and then we live in houses, so it's in some ways it's easier for us because let's say even if we just go to the grocery store, we leave our house, get in our car, go to the grocery store, we quickly do whatever we're gonna do, we leave, we come back, we don't have to go through paul's that other people go through, we don't have to go in elevators, we don't have to walk on crowded sidewalks, so like it's like there and and and with the nursing homes also because it's the I'm assuming a lot of it is the the people who care for them go from person to person. I think that's a lot of it.
not
at all.
What?
Happy birthday. Mhm.
my background was as a librarian, but I've been I did I was working in a business library and then the recession, the first recession came um and at that point both of my girls um have learning issues. So for the most part I was home helping them with school work and things like that. Um And then I had like I have like big little big things. I was doing like some freelance research and um things like that, so it wasn't a lot, but it was you know with my husband and it was enough and we felt we needed to focus on my girls. So.
Yeah so so since being a librarian, being a researcher, I also sort of like read up on all of what's going on and all that fun stuff. Yeah so but about so but also my um we were also, well we and my my my brother in law help our my n lewis lived nearby so were their shoppers. Uh So we we briefly I mean we don't do stuff with them. We sort of agreed that we want them to stay in their apartment. Unfortunately has a it has about really nice balcony.
So for the most part we like them to just stay there and then we bring them their food. And um you're my brother in law as well. But we also had a birthday party for my for my father in law was very nice. Well soon lots of people that he hadn't seen in a long time because they're from all over I mean I guess that's the advantage of the zoom is you can have people from all over who normally wouldn't come to a physical party. Uh huh.
No.
well.
It sounds it sounds very
Usually.
Well we used to be now
now we compete.
I know. Yes
this is
always been in the issue since the you know the internet. Oh I saw it on the internet. It must be true.
Right. You really have to understand what where the information is coming from and what is the agenda of
whoever
it is
that's giving you the information.
bias. Oh
Well well
we
paid a heck of a lot for her daughter. I mean she really
got a lot out of it but it was very expensive.
room.
Well I I guess, I mean it sounds like you're the history guy, Does she is she does she read history? Uh huh.
Well,
You're talking about, she graduated high school and she's doing a gap year after high school or college.
Right. So shoot now she's taking a gap year after college. Okay. Okay.
well,
I guess not among my friends but
Eventually. Not not now because again we just spent a heck of on it. I think that she's not even totally sure that she was studying neuroscience, but now she thinks you might want to do more environmental science. So she's trying I mean the original plan before Covid was to try to find some job where she could get it more of a sense of what, you know, if she could do. Like we have like the so what they're like wetlands around here to see if she could get some job with them or some other nature kind of a thing and see if that is something she's interested in and learn more about that. Um Now it's sort of like well let's get something, anything uh being at least. And she was also going to work at uh she went to a sleep away camp for several years which was like a farm camp she really like. So she was going to be counselor this year and also worked part time. Like Park would be counseling. The kids apart would be working on the farm, the farm aspect of it, but that was cancelled. So yeah,
so we're still in the we're not quite sure. We're trying to figure out what, you know, she wants to do. And so I guess but we're hoping that she can get I guess at this point we don't know if she would get paid. The idea was that she would get paid this year but if if it's a volunteer position then you know okay I guess whatever it is it's going to be. Uh huh.
Are you going
health?
well it's
called
And
yeah because I don't remember writing all that much detail in that for oh
well um what? But I don't know that I'm gonna be able to really get something because uh partly the age factor partly because my resume is very spotty because for a while I wasn't doing all that much, you know it was more working with my kids. So what I actually came up with and something that I'm starting to work on now is um possibly doing, creating a website um that helps uh prepare, that helps parents help kids prepare for careers, even starting in middle school because I think what's happening is the schools are saying that they're helping career prep and I don't think they really are and I think that there are parents who the parents who do it automatically are doing it automatically, the ones who have the connections, the ones who have the knowledge are getting their kids ready or they're complaining and then they're hiring the tutor or whoever they, but I think that there's like a lot of people that they just don't know, you know, they don't know what they don't know. So I'm sort of hoping this website gives a lot of ideas partly. Um I'm hoping to uh I'm not sure exactly, I'm going to do it because last night was I was even on Youtube just looking at what was out there in terms of people, um interviewing people from different careers, like a day in the life of a data science or the day in the life of somebody and it doesn't look like there's such great stuff out there. I mean unfortunately I'm not like, so I wish I knew more about, I'm first learning about how to do a website, how to do a Youtube. So it might be tricky to do that, but but like all different aspects about how you can prepare your kid and not just um career prep because some of it is soft skills, but it's just teaching the parents, you know, these are things that you can be doing to get them set. Maybe even starting some kind of a mentor group because or a network group because of some parents don't have big networks so maybe we need to create one. Um so that parents can, you know share their know how or whatever. So I'm just like coming up with ideas now and I think it will be a neat idea. I think it's going to take a while to get going, but I kind of think it's needed. No, I mean do you think that something like that might be um you know, it might be useful
because schools say they do
it, but I don't
know, a lot of them don't like what they do. Very little
I'm a little older. Yeah.
actually my husband is good at this stuff so he's going to I mean I don't, you know, it's not going to be like the most amazing website but he knows about this stuff, so he's definitely gonna be helping me. Um But yeah, but thank you. Yes, I've heard of go daddy, mm.
Are there two elements of it? I mean, we had we had sort of had a breakfast issue because we had to find things that are kids would eat um you know, they're very picky, so um you know, we you know, I've actually but it was a struggle there at various points because of their their eating habits, so there might be different reasons for it. Then we also had an issue. I remember once when my my older daughter was younger, we didn't want to meet eating lots of junk food, so I wouldn't put junk food in their lunches, but my daughter being who she was would go around and like beg the other kids for the junk food. So the teachers like please put something into lunch. I know it's so you might think, you know what, you know what kind of parent and like this is it, so it can flip either direction. Oh
Can be tricky.
I
mean I would do it within the context of being a librarian that's offering information and resources as opposed to like a friend of mine was was was was talking to about it said, oh and you can tell them about oh ned and almost like she thought I was going to be like a consultant to individual kids and I'm like, I don't know if I, you know, because I don't come to this with an education background necessarily more as a librarian, I'm going to go out, I'm going to review sources, I'm going to make recommendations. I'm going to post them. but I think it also might be good to do this figure out how I'm going to do with this um mentor group and also the network group. Because to me networking is so much of this, it's really known somebody who knows somebody. And if you just don't lack, if you lack those networks it makes it tricky.
Are
thank you. Thanks.
I appreciate that.
Yeah, I think I think we can tie it up if we want to.
Thank
you. Same
for you.
Like that.
Oh God no, no baby. I don't know.
Great. Thanks so much.
so it's a like.