Hi.
Okay.
I'm sorry I was under the impression that you would be a researcher. So. No it's just a conversation. Huh?
Are
you don't want me asking are you in the new york area? I'm
the western part of the state.
Oh well lovely lovely. I hope everyone is well in your family uh us us to
uh so I think that the they've been asking a lot about feelings and energy and so forth and trying to stay healthy. Are you able to maintain your job with the distancing and so forth? Was that
working?
Uh
What
what?
What?
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Mm.
Right.
Oh my name
is Joel.
I have very high anxiety because my I'm in the phase for type of thing and I run my own business and I do not believe I will be able to run my business this year. Oh
it involves tourism. Yeah. So therefore I have a great deal of concern uh Like you uh we are fortunate everyone's healthy but um unfortunately or I guess also fortunately we have some money, you know we're not destitute or anything like that. But it's more and my wife is a professional uh speech pathologist person and as is the best of our knowledge, she's able to work from home. And we will see school can change though you you never know.
fuck
Her
proper degree is in speech pathology. And she used to be a frontline provider. So you would go into schools. She
does not work for a school district, She works for private agency that that that you know, so now she's in management but she will uh from time to time actually provide the services uh for the Children. And of course she's constantly correcting me. Yeah. So, uh, but yeah, she's doing fine, but the schools were concerned because, you know, we don't know exactly what the future holds and, and so that's, you know, that's the thing. But yeah, my, my whole, how I make a living is that I entertain people in groups and now, what, what do you do with that? That's
the,
um, it's all I I own a double decker bus and humorous tours, historical tours. I
murder mysteries and I'm an author. I write books and stuff books though, it's, you can't make a living off of it, at least at my skill level. It's a not the major part of our income. So, um, we're just waiting here. And uh, one of the bad things that I've found is that I've gotten into this horrible habit of going onto social media and and like watching or listening or reading messages from other people who are also in trouble like me, like a echo chamber. And so my wife is, is kind of saying like, listen, you gotta move on, man, you know, you gotta like let's go to what you can do, not what you can't do. But it's still, it is, I would say definitely a very depressing time for for me, it's not a positive, that's no.
Oh,
the question,
I have a
sister, that's a principle in a school district. Um, so, but they, they've been having to do, like I thought like now schools would kind of having a little bit easier, but according to her, they have to do new things and different things and so
What?
Oh
I
wondered They paired us based upon some commonalities. So for example, um I have my youngest, I for my youngest son is 17, he's just graduating high school And then I the other three are up, 23 is my oldest one
and so I actually have two graduations, one from college and one from high school. So um uh is your daughter um is it difficult for her not to do the graduation thing doesn't
share?
That
what?
my my moment My 17 points of the same mind,
I believe my wife is much more concerned about having some kind of function uh but he doesn't really care. Um We're up here where they're trying to do some things with possibly drive in movie theaters, you know, so I don't know, but like to your point, I think it's really interesting that the online interaction is not the same as being face to face. Uh if you think about it when you text, you know, you have those emojis because there's no context, there's, you know, you usually tell by inflection how people speak. Yeah,
And you can't end. Uh I've also found, um I don't like the concept of wearing the mask just because I just don't like it.
not so much the mechanics of breathing, but rather it just, and it just doesn't seem human when you go into a grocery store and there's this, this bizarro world going on and it
just and it makes you feel a little bit helpless sometimes in light of all, all these things now, down, down where you're at in New Jersey and so forth, a lot of beaches are known
room.
that's what I see it is uh in regards to, you know, this, like you're probably in tune with new york, you know, close, we we just started it today, kind of this opening up this phase one as they call it. Um, and so, but really if you go out on our bike path near our house or if you go like a couple of weekends ago, we, I have an elderly mother, she just turned 80, but we're in a situation where we can take her for a walk every day. Um but I tried to go on a weekend to a state park and two of the three state parks were closed or full, you couldn't even park there. So the, when the government says it's time to come out is different from when people are doing it. So
I
see people are coming out and so forth. So really the government informs us. But people they got to get out there. Social social animals.
huh,
correct.
What?
Or?
Great.
Well it's uh it was interesting. I used to work when when I was younger I worked for a firm that uses used ultraviolet light to kill we don't we don't say kill inactivate viruses. So I have a little bit not a little bit of a background. I understand the mechanics of infection masks and how all that works. It's a pretty it's very interesting and it's not exactly what you would think um regarding regarding the mass. Um I don't know that they hurt. Some people say you know, they can be breeding grounds and that is true, but that's I think it's a minor thing, but they certainly um folks who think that that's the be all end all for viruses, they're far too small unless you have a professionally fitted mask. It was called the N 95 mask. So you were ever to have a sick person in your house or you know, whatever, God forbid, but you want to get an N 95 mask because otherwise it's it's not really what what what it's advertised to be
There is truth. There is some truth in that the most recent studies because I I've been unfortunately board and watching them. They just did a study. This is two weeks ago. It it's from china, it's in a lab and they had a person with a cloth mask on, with the mask on and then a surgical mask. And then they basically they cough. They had this is with live people that actually have covid 19 and they coughed and they have a dish. And in the dish they see any of the viruses culture, you know, you know, and there was no difference between a cloth mask and no mask in terms
of.
Yeah. So in other words, I whether I was without a mask or whether I had a cloth mask I affected at the same rate, I spread that I shed the virus at the same rate. Um surgical mask was better, but they're still wasn't infection. So there's there's truth to it. There's certainly, and I guess, you know what people, it's probably a good thing to to try to do the best you can, you know, in
perfect
world
more.
No.
What?
Yeah. Well, in general the idea of being on your lawn is probably the best thing for you. Uh UV light it um viruses are not alive. They're they're single and are so.
Yeah so the UV. C. Light it stops it from replicating it corrupts the D. N. A. Uh There's some some of that UBC like inherent in the sunlight that is that that we receive when we're outside. Uh There's also evidence that temperature has in some way uh they think has has proven to be a benefit. Um You know it's it's a thing that's wrapped in fat and if you can corrupt that fat or somehow degradation did That's a that's a positive thing. So it's definitely good to be outside and you know it's it's sometimes it's um it's confusing because now in in New York at least we know that 66% of the deaths are from nursing homes As an aggregate. And then we also learned this is maybe like two weeks ago, maybe a week ago. I don't know. The governor of New York said that over 50% of the people that are coming down with hospitalizations are in the home, they, you know, they're, you know, and it's sort of like
Well, we're fortunate because we give my mom
cares.
She's 80 years old and very healthy.
She's very, as a matter of fact that the whole thing for her is that she can't do the things she volunteers at a soup kitchen and she book clubs and and all that stuff. So now we're we we do walks and so forth. And actually yesterday was her 80th birthday. So
she's uh doing well and we had a zoom party for her and many of the grandchildren, you know, we're there. So it was very nice. We created my, my daughter, I have a daughter, one of my daughters is a little bit like me, she has less empathy, but my other daughters way at the other end of the spectrum, she's a super giver. We she pioneered thing and I helped her out where we basically, we published a book where we asked about 60 or 65 people that my mom has, you know, been involved with over life to write letters, but a whole together for her. And it was just, it was one of the most, I think nicest things or best gifts that anyone could get. And so I kind of, I put it together and we published it online. Uh so That was rather rather nice. I mean if you're 80 and you can get maybe 20 people under the age of 50 to come to your birthday party, that's pretty good. So if you don't mind me answer your husband's in education, are you also are you an educators want?
Are
But it was Uh
the last last public thing that I did was for a group of about 100 librarians. Yeah, there's a regional um you know of a regional group or something of librarians and so forth. And um I I do also talks you know, Power Point talks about history
and unknown things in history.
I have a background in stand up comedy and I write murder mysteries and you know
it's. Yeah, it
but uh I love the as a matter of fact one of the, one of my guides that I hire is a is a librarian and she's great because she just has a ton of knowledge about all these things. And I was thinking as I was preparing for my my presentation uh for the librarians, librarians are cool in that um you guys are gatekeepers of knowledge.
It will, but
yes. The problem is though, that a lot of people think that because they have the phone they have the wisdom of
the
ages.
Yeah, but I think that the thing with librarians, your gatekeepers, but you also help provide context and and that's unfortunately the democratization of of data is weird in that it gives us more information, but it doesn't necessarily make us smarter.
this
is
something,
yes, and and that's the that's the problem, It's weird we via social media, internet you think that we were more connected but yet many regards because it's a human tendency to just reinforce what you already know. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's what you do. And so uh I always, I I think of the librarian as the person that that helps like I say steer you and give you a broader scope and also like, like like we were talking about knowing the credibility of different things because I have some uh very fortunate in that my family, we've got some real crack smart people. My I'm very blessed my my my daughter that just graduated from the university here um and assume a cum laude or whatever, but she is on a full ride full scholarship,
very brave.
But
Well
yeah, but she is uh she'll say things uh that almost border on conspiracy theory. Yeah, like it just doesn't pass the smell test, you know? and
she she's very um more more more Bernie guy, you know, and so she comes up with these these things and and uh but you know, being older, it's like, you know, the government, it's hard for the government to distribute cheese. So in other words, the government having this plot or trying to do a certain thing or with this Machiavellian kind of machine. A lot of times, I go it just, it can't be true.
not not so much, but she does have a broad, a broad agenda. She just, you know, kind of took off and went to Ireland for a while on spring
break. She just, but like, you know, we're working middle class, she found the cheapest thing and she stayed in hostels and in all, but yeah, and now she has now, is your daughter going too well? So my daughter's graduating college, she's taking a gap year, that's what they call it nowadays.
No, my son just graduated high school. My daughter just got a four year degree I think.
and I that's what they do, that's what they say that I don't
kid,
Now may I ask is your daughter's trajectory more schooling or does she feel in addition?
Yeah,
another interest perception, my
daughter is also
that the environmental going on. She started
and they
actually got beehives on their campus. And so she got into, she actually did a study about bees and the viruses that affect them disease and what not. And that's what she's trying to go into some kind of environmental things. She got a paid for the internship and it's a uh it's a study of a particular hotspot and, you know, up here, I think maybe in New Jersey as well, there's there's a lot of industry and in the 40 thirties, forties and fifties, they didn't dispose of their chemicals properly here. Niagara Falls is a huge hotspot for that huge chemical industry. Um the the Manhattan project was refined here during World War Two, so there's a lot of stuff, bad stuff. So she's studying a neighborhood where a bunch of folks have unfortunately come up with blood cancers, so it's a paid for government kind of funded thing. And so
she doing this study and yeah, so yeah, that that's good and then she, you know, decide where she wants to go, but yeah, it's kind of interesting the parallels and things that that that uh
now do you mind, so you're you're looking for employment as well and how big is your net?
in
I
sleep.
So just one thing I had to reinvent myself, I'm 54 and um
doesn't show good look good living in that library. Um The the the one quick thing for you is that I've had to become my own web master and so forth. I have three sites and so forth. Um The most intuitive website that is to say their templates and it's easy to do and there's like one fee and Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah. That is um go daddy's web whatever their whatever they call their web building but go daddy, you know you get
Oh yeah but the weird thing is is that prior to about eight years ago I had worked in offices, I hadn't worked where I wasn't my own boss and so forth. And then I had to leap off. I didn't, I didn't have to, I I did. But the skills that I have, communicating and entertaining, uh researching and understanding history and whatnot that all came and I just I guess I just expressed it in a different way and you'll do the same thing. Uh and I think that that's a great uh excellent use of your skills in that. I do believe that there's a lot of folks who don't have the same skills that we grew up with. I I take it for granted. I have discussed like I don't understand like um school lunches, like I like school breakfast is, I'm like, how can you not figure kids? Like that's how alienated I am from people, you know, from from folks that they, you know, they got to get their kids up and get them dressed and my wife tells me, you don't understand some people can't they can't function, they don't their kids are dirty, they can't feed their kids and it's hard for me to understand that. So.
but the the getting to your point though, I do think that there's now two parents working is the norm. And also
yeah and we can see now that there's a certain things are different. I don't want to say bad worse or better. But it used to be that schools and police law enforcement didn't have the social aspect to it now. It seems schools and especially law enforcement tend to have a little bit more of a function of socialization that some people don't get at home for whatever reason and you know like police officers that that I I see and so where they seem to complain a lot that there has to be a psychiatrist and a social worker and so forth as people are not learning these skills at home or you know, as as they mature. So I do think that that that there's it's a need out there um and I like I said, I don't know, I think that I just think things have changed when I was a kid. We had a rifle club in my high school, You bring a 22 on the bus to school. It was a club, you know, these are just things were just different back then. So I do think that there's a need and it sounds to me like you have the personality to help people find the resources uh you know,
you
Mhm. Yeah, you're you're absolutely right. Um there's hard
work and then a little bit of luck and the harder you work sometimes the luckier you get, they say, but yeah, there's people that don't have that, they're they're it's unfortunate we I'm one of six kids and so my parents are here, my my uh my grandparents are passed on, but all six of us kids some left, but all came back, so we do have a very robust um safety net and um everyone knows someone and so but a lot of people are not in that, not in that position, not at all. Um So yeah, I think, I think it sounds like a solid idea, I'm happy that you are pursuing that. I think it's something that's needed. I'm telling you though, I think you have a natural personality, people are comfortable to talk to you and to take advice
so
on that. Um So we've been chatting for like half an hour now.
Yeah. Well, I'm gonna go warm I. T. Up here and uh Bonnie was a pleasure speaking to. And I wish you best of luck with your, with everything, with the kids and the
career
and whatnot.
If you are ever, if you ever find yourselves up in the Buffalo Niagara Falls area, I'm the double decker bus guy, I will survive God and
uh be my guest. I will take you around and show you that. Like I said, God forbid you ever come up here.
Well, we'd love to have you and your family be our guest and take your own.
All right, thank you. Have a good day