Hello.
How's it going?
I'm good, this is strength but
I haven't have you? Mhm.
Hey, that's awesome. Well what do we talk about?
I'm a Zoo. I'm
34 years
old and I'm in the west Coast to Yeah, so we're on the same time a
situation we feel that. Okay, so there was an earthquake last night. Were you in the area that felt it?
You
you too, It was like 4:00 AM.
Yeah, the epicenter was like pacoima. So yeah, but
I'm still kind of like, I haven't slept. Uh huh.
But it was like the one that like kind of rattles you awake 4:00 AM.
So what do you do? Yeah.
How excited
are you doing?
What are
you doing? Like everything remotely?
Yeah, I'm starting
to think that too. I work, I work for a school
but in the fundraising department, so it's kind of weird. It's been definitely like a major shift, especially because we work with younger kids, so the discussion of like the long term impacts that this will have on them, like I obviously don't suffer any consequences, but good ones. I'm working from home and I can do whatever I want. But
elementary
school,
I know, I'm never, I don't have any kids, so I'm like super glad about, I've never been happier about that, especially with Quartey, I'm like the only thing I have to worry about is my cat and even now my cats, like when are you leaving? Like get out of the house.
She's a tuxedo.
Mine is like super vocal. I'm surprised she's not like over here chatting. He's super busy,
That's awesome. Are they, are they girls boys?
Oh do they like play well or do they just like avoid each other?
that's
I
love that. Yeah, I know. My cat is just like lazy queen of the house, doesn't do anything, sits around. She's like,
she used to be in a semi outdoor cat and then she just stopped going out.
He's like, there's like critters outside. I'm not into that. So have you picked up any hobbies in the quarantine?
I'm
gonna.
Oh that sucks. My dad is like that. Yeah.
Are you moving back home? Are you moving into the college area that you're going to be in?
Even in this, even like right now though, even though you don't need to be there,
well I'm moving back to my parents place because there's nothing to do with like where I'm at, the whole city is shut down, so
I'm paying an exorbitant amount of rent and not even enjoying, like I
can't go to the beach, can't go to the restaurants, can't go to the bars,
but. Mhm.
No. So um
I'm trying to get out of this congested area and get like, like in my area at least it was a really nice spot. And then now like a lot of transients have been coming in and a lot of crime has occurred so I can't even like walk in my neighborhood anymore and it's shocking. I'm like, oh shit, I can't believe.
it's been like it happened within months. I mean like I knew the homeless situation in this area was bad, but like recently like my neighbor's car was stolen from his driveway
and I parked next to him. Mhm,
luckily I was like at my boyfriend's place, so I wasn't there that night. But like I'm like what? They could have taken my car instead of his.
And for the amount of rent that I pay, I'm like, I don't this doesn't make sense. Like not logical,
And it's like, okay, well, oh, I'm gonna miss my friends. I'm gonna miss them anyways. I don't see them anyway. I haven't seen him in months. Mhm.
But you said you were singing?
That's exciting.
I'm
a really bad singer. So I'm like, wow, I'm taking hi dying.
It's cool.
You know why? Because I had a ton of white clothes that I like refused to let go of. But I have all these like grease stains because I stay in everything. And so then I just tie dye them. Like,
yeah. And then I've gone into painting. So that's
I figure like we're not doing anything
and my and I'm so pale, I'm not getting any son.
Because everybody has the same idea. Like let's go find somewhere quiet. And it's like, no, no, where is quiet, Right? Mhm. Bugs.
And
then
I wanted to do like a weekend away and like palm springs and I pitched the idea to my boyfriend. I was like, why don't we go? The weather is like 100 and 15 degrees. Like even we go out to the pool, it's gonna be hot. Like
it's
so hot.
Well, that's, that's
like, you know, maybe I'm like a romantic, but I was like, oh, we can have like a couple of days underneath the stars boyfriend, kidding me. We could either be here stuck inside or they're stuck inside, but we're not gonna
bad idea. And plastic. I guess. I'm not supposed to be traveling. It's a pandemic. I'm like, fine, fine. I'll stay put. But what else should we talk about? I don't even know
Have you been keeping in touch with your friends? Yeah.
no thanks lady. Like
Facetime a great option.
Well, I feel like it's either very like older people that aren't paying attention to social distancing norms or people that are younger and it's
my generation, your generation. But like, people can get sick and I don't want to get sick
by
the way.
So
am I? Yeah, I have some rare disorder. I'm like, great love that for me. I just got diagnosed
last year. I'm like, yeah,
yes, it totally helps because I was having for years, like a decade with symptoms and then I finally met the right gastroenterologist and she was like, so you have this? And I was like, what? This exists. So now
I'm not seeing anybody. Like I'm not even see my parents. My parents are like an hour away from me. They don't want to see me like, no, you stay over there
and it's hard to flame to people. Like one of my friends was really pushy. She was like, just like your friend except 100 times worse. She went on a road trip because she got laid off. So she decided to take it upon herself to go on a road trip to colorado Arizona Utah Nevada,
right? And she's like, I really want to visit you. I really want to visit because she lives like 45 minutes away. She's like, you're not doing anything. You have a little patio weekend. I'm like, my patio is 10 ft like, uh,
and
what
So she was so pushy. I finally had to like break it to her. Like, I don't really like inform people of my diagnosis because it's not really the issue, it's my issue and I don't want to walk around with it, you know? And so like, I don't want to walk around with it. Like in my, you know, just it's not your
problem,
my
problem. And finally had to be like, listen, I'm immuno compromised. I can't, I can't like we cannot.
yeah, like I hate you so much. But see you in 2021 because you've not been socially distant. You've been going to the gym.
And I'm like, look, maybe this thing doesn't get me, but like what? My symptoms flare up and I end up in the hospital and then like, I catch it there, no thanks. Like,
I know several people that have
passed away and then also several people that have it and now have, um, for example, one of my really close friends, she is, um, you know, compromise. She knew that and she started to self isolate in March and I think, I think her boyfriend brought it in honestly because she wasn't having any communication with anybody else or maybe she was and she wasn't telling me. Mhm. He ended up really thick and recovered. But literally she says every month it's like a cycle. She gets the symptoms again and
her breathing. She literally can't walk into the next room without like feeling like she said, she's like, she lost her breath. So the symptoms are kind of permanent is what I'm viewing. Maybe hopefully not permanent, but long lasting.
Yeah. And then like, I don't even want to get into the sad part, but I really love drag queens and when local drag queens here had the same diagnosis that I had and passed away from it last
while in the hospital. So I think it was due to the fact that she had this underlying condition. She went to the hospital just never came out. So now I'm like
in my
bubble, like I can't even and it's crazy because I feel like I'm so cautious and then like my boyfriend is not and I'm like, do you not understand that? You can't? But luckily he has like an unlimited supply of N- 95. So he just walks around with
them
and like loves. I'm like, all right. At least you can do that.
but what about you?
No.
My elementary friend. Um She's not like my best friend but I know her and her family and her dad, her not her dad, her Husband's Dad passed away and he was like late 50s. I know and that was like I'd say april So I think it affects certain people just like really hard than some other people.
You know what? You know what's really shocking. Yes, it's interesting. I used to really respect certain people in my workplace and think of them highly and say, oh, you know, they're very intelligent people once the democratic It I was shocked to discover how many people were like, oh no, I'm gonna go I'm gonna go spend some time in Monterey and
but you haven't been tested, Your husband hasn't been tested, your child hasn't been tested. I'm sitting there and these committee meetings and I'm listening to because some of them have their Children at the school that I work for and they're sitting there and they're like, oh no, our kids, our kids are so smart if we bring them back to campus, oh they're totally going to be respectful and you're and I'm like, yeah. Mhm. Are you joking me? Like
not only that, you're like, you are you think that a bunch of like nine year old kids are gonna be socially distanced? Like the second someone has a cool mask. Oh my God, I'll trade you my cool mask for your cool mask. You're done.
Yeah. And then not only that, but like teachers, the teachers on these calls are like, I'm not going back in. I don't care what you all need, you need, you need to provide daycare. I can't trust that your Children are going free and I'm like, oh, fair enough, fair
enough.
So it's like so many different angles and I'm just ordering amazon prime, hunkering down where the biggest freak out is when I go to the gas station, when I need to go to the gas station and I'm like,
I'm just like
the
Costco line. I can't the
Oh see then
you're
lucky.
Then you're lucky. I have to like drive 20 minutes to go to a Costco. Yeah,
Lucky.
No
girl.
What
are you doing?
Somebody,
somebody posted on a forum the other day. They're like, we're screwed. I just saw, I just saw a woman remove or mask to cough better.
I'm like, what? Wait, have you seen idiocracy the movie?
You should watch this movie. It is it's a it's a movie from the 90s, but it's it's supposed to be a satire. It's supposed to be like A cheesy 90s movie. But then you look at it and you're like, Holy Fuck, we're headed in that direction. If not there already.
I've got terry crews in it Owen Wilson. Oh, not oh and his brother, what's his name?
Luke Wilson. Yeah, it's an interesting it's an official
thing. I would totally recommend. It's a cult. It's a cold classic now at this.
How many more minutes do we need?
Okay this is good. All right well we got the group of it.
Where is the first place? Do you like to? Well one do you like traveling or? No?
Where is the first
person to
travel to? Mhm.
good. Good
face.
That's
Have you done any international travel?
well. Yeah. How long did where did you land first?
That's awesome.
Oh he'd never been on a plane.
It is a long it's a long trip but if you sleep the majority of it
that's
What was what was your favorite part of the trip?
Do
you have any
relatives
there?
That's super
cool. Oh my God did you take like a ton of pictures for your family?
No.
Did they remember him?
That's
And your boyfriend was there to like experience the whole thing.
I love like trips that help you bond with a person, right? Like I just
started
going
out with my boyfriend literally a week before the pandemic. It. We haven't been able to travel anyway.
Like
on a cruise
ship or on a yacht?
Like
Chartres.
Yeah. Yeah.
Holy shit. People just really jump into things, don't they?
That's like so much commitment so quickly. But you know
what, I
guess if they can live in a trailer together for a couple of months, then they're legit. Mhm.
I'm so happy. I'm so happy for you. Like that is a great journey for you. I don't know if like no shade. My boyfriend has a four bedroom house and I still get the fuck I fed, I'm so fed up with him Sometimes. I'm like, I have
to
go,
I can't even imagine living with somebody in like a tiny home. Could you imagine?
Maybe I'm a little too independent. And at my age, I'm like at my age I'm like, I've lived independently now. Like I just, I love having my space and I love that he has his own space. He is actually telling me, he's like, you're the first woman that hasn't tried to move in here. And I'm like, why would I move in here? I need my own fucking space. I need to leave you for like a day or two or
so. We
can
miss each other.
I don't need to know what you ate every single moment of the day. And it did start out that way because when the pandemic and everybody was like, hunker down and once things started to like, you know, all right, It's not a stay at home order. We can kind of leave. I'm like, we can't do that again. That was too much. Too much time together.
I think
we are
we did we hit it?
So what do we do now?
well, good luck in your master's.
Good luck moving. It was such a pleasure talking
to
you. This is fun.
Stay sane. Stay safe too.
Thanks