Yeah. Yeah he's got mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah to get the food it doesn't my, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Thanks. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah scrap
Hi
I'm pretty good. How are you doing today?
Very strange. Have you done one of these before?
I've done one previously um Kind of strange but you know you just talk to each other for a while, fill out some questions and then you know get a little payment so it's worth it.
literally anything that we want to um I don't know, I'll tell you about myself. My name is Carly. Um I'm 23 years old and I I'm from the West Coast. What about yourself?
What
what?
Okay.
I don't think so. I'm down in southern California
so I don't
Oh shit no I did not feel that.
Embassy
Yeah. On edge. Was that your first earthquake? Er Have you okay? You've been in California then?
I got there like. Oh god what is that? Yeah.
Um I'm a student. I am uh transferring to a new school this upcoming semester so just trying to get it done. I'm a business major so just
what
about
you?
Yes. Yeah for the first semester will be definitely remote. I'm not sure about spring semester yet but I have a feeling it's going to be remote as well
but.
Well
Yeah for the Children it's like oh my god having to go through I can't imagine having to be in like high school is one thing but like middle school or elementary
school right now
and having to deal with the distance learning. Like just being thrown into it and all the parents too. I'm like oh my god, I can't imagine.
I feel that. Or take the cat to you out.
Oh I love it. I have to you know to yeah.
I have two tuxedos actually but they're they're fluffy. Er so there longer hair.
Uh Those two are boys, I have four cats. Um Those two are boys, they're actually father and son.
Uh they'll like they'll hang out, they'll play with each other, they're nine and 10 now so there they like to their outside inside so they go on adventures together and then
come back. Yeah it's super cute. I also have a tabby who's a the mom and she she has the ability to go outside but she just likes to stay inside and now at you whenever you walk by for
pets.
you are a bit
Yeah. Yeah she's like, I like it in here. It's comfortable. I have what I need.
Oh, not, not really. Honestly. I was I took 18 units a semester, so I was
just
loaded. Deck will work. And it was mostly online anyway. So it wasn't that huge of a transition for me to just be at home. I had also been kind of self quarantining and while, because because of my skin, I'm like going through some skin stuff. So I've just been like avoiding people because I'm allergic to like fragrance and stuff. So I just get very reactive.
Oh, it's no point at all. But yeah, so it really hasn't been that much of a transition. I've I've been trying to work on like singing and like journaling and just trying to clean my space. I was supposed to be moving around this time, so I'm still just trying to clear out things that I don't need and just get ready for when that move happens.
I am moving from home and into the college area that I'm gonna be in. Um
not right now, not right now. So I won't be moving until like classes are on campus, so
cautious
the area.
That makes sense.
Have people been good in your area about uh like being quarantined or like social distancing? Yeah. Same here
in here.
Is this what it's come to? Yeah. And it's been skeptical change for things like that too.
From his driveway.
My goodness.
That's wild. Oh my God.
No, no. Makes sense if you can save some money and we're still all going to be being at home for the next little while anyway, so Yeah.
Yeah, it's like okay, we can keep doing like zooms or facetime or something.
Yeah. Just trying, I took a uh singing class this last semester so I I just it's always been something that I wanted to do, but like I just haven't done it so I'm just trying to learn and whatnot
well.
But
Oh, that's fun.
I wanted to get into that.
Yeah. And then danes. No more. Yeah.
That's fun. What's cool?
Yeah, I mean as well just take up the time.
I feel that it's yeah, whenever I drove by the beach yesterday and like I was my boyfriend and I were just gonna go, we're like, oh maybe we can find like a quiet place like just somewhere not too busy and like, but we just ended up driving by, it was so packed. Like I went, oh my
Yeah, all all of our beaches are super full.
Super
bowl.
Yes, I'll be making that trip here shortly.
My
dad, it is, my dad's out out close to Joshua tree so they're a little higher desert but still so hot
out there.
no, it's they're stuck inside and you can go outside and look at the stars at night or like. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't even know. It's like what do you talk about with the stranger? Like small talk is like, it's like all right. But like even then you're like where do I go with it? I don't even know.
I Yes, I know. I've like checked in with them like every little bit but constant communication. No, I've just been kind of staying to myself in a way. Mhm Yeah. I don't know. Every like I have some friends who are like very like some of them are like taking summer classes, like away and they're trying to deal with like quarantine in their cities and like taking classes and like things getting switched around. Or like I have friends who like are traveling. Like I have a friend who just flew from like Portland the other day down here and like it went on like a few day thing with her friend and they were trying to see me and I was like, I will, I'll meet you at like the park very distanced. And then she was like, oh, how do you feel about going to a bar instead? And I'm like, no, I'm like, no,
you another time goodbye.
Yeah. I was like, dear God, no, my city is still no.
What?
Yeah. And like I'm I'm kind of suppress, I'm auto immune compromised. So I'm like trying to be like, extra cautious about things and like
my
friends
that are
perhaps
at least a diagnosis does help.
that's why.
Yeah. Thank you. Stay safe.
Which is
Nice face to like,
you still
have to go through my house to get to my value.
I
can get
you.
I can't do it.
Oh, Jesus. Yeah. No, like I'd rather be able to see you in 2021 then see you right now and then not be able to see you.
Do you know anybody who has gotten sick from Covid or has passed away? Yeah.
Well,
Much more.
definitely. A y definitely a long time to get out of this system if it does.
If,
wow, you're like I better stay in my own
space,
that's
good.
Yeah. Yeah that's helpful. It's not it's definitely helpful. Yeah.
Okay. I don't know any wolf, I know one person directly who has had it and somebody my age who has, they didn't get it too bad thankfully and they seem to be over the symptoms, they didn't have to have any hospital stay or anything, but I um my handyman right at the beginning of all this, his girlfriend passed away from uh Covid, she had COPD.
So yeah, it just did not take long for that at all, unfortunately. Um
Yeah it really does. I have another friend who has had both an aunt and an uncle from different parts of the family pass away from Covid as well. And the hard thing with that was uh and the um the uncle, I believe he worked in health care and so did his wife, but neither he or the wife believe that Covid was like, really like an issue. They believed it was more of like a hoax thing and it's like really, really? Yeah, very unfortunate.
David.
It's like about learning from example two and you're not setting it.
Yeah. Let me see you. Yeah. Yeah,
it's
true. So true.
Meeting Yeah. Yeah. You find me at the gas taking a tissue for my car to grab the gas nozzle. I'm
like, oh, I always go to Costco, so there's always like 1000 people. So I'm
like, oh, God,
there's a cost the cost of the closest thing to my house, So I'm like gotta go here.
But
people
like
Yeah. No there's like no other close gas station right there. So I'm like
ok I'll go here. Yeah but people it's amazing. Like there will be some people with their masks on. Some people that like, don't worry at all. Some people that do the half. Oh my God. I went to a drive through yesterday. This lady,
this lady, she had her mask on and then she came to the window to like talk to us. She pulled her mask down to like just show her nose so that she
could talk to
us.
Did that for every customer. I saw her do it with like somebody that came inside to, she like pulled it down to talk to them. I'm like what?
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God,
I have it.
Yeah. I'll give it a watch
luke.
Uncle.
Okay I'll definitely give me a tray.
Let me see. Um We probably need like with how we logged on probably five more minutes.
Yeah it's going well it's going well.
I love traveling, I love traveling.
How's
that
course? Um prob within the States? Probably Chicago. Um
Chicago.
Yeah I have my best friend. Is there also another friend from high school and one of my other really close friends, she uh moved to Milwaukee uh like a year and a half ago. So uh that's where I would fly
into to go with a whole bunch of people right there.
I have I have I've gone to a handful of places. Um One of my favorite trips was last year though I went with my boyfriend. I we went on a trip to Germany Italy and Amsterdam. It was time on a plane ever.
Um We landed in um Dublin. So we had a layover in Dublin
Brooklyn. But yeah a movie experience for him because like 12 hours on playing the first time
moreover. Never.
Yeah. Yeah. No it was great though because he had had an international um student as a roommate his first year of college. So we were actually able to go visit him and stay at his
place and like like a year later it was super cool.
Um We actually we in Germany we went to Munich and that's where my grandparents, one side of my grandparents immigrated over from so we actually were able to go to my grandparents church and where my mom was baptized. I got to see my grandpas elementary school and also his childhood home and my grandma's childhood home too. So it was
super
It
was a great
experience. Um I have some relatives not in Munich itself but yeah I didn't get to see any of them unfortunately. But
was super cool.
Yes. Yeah I did. I took pictures of like the street so like all around it so they could see how it had changed. And like at my grandpa had at my grandma's house like when we were there the owners were actually coming right outside and they were the people that my grandpa had
like sold that.
So yeah they did so they didn't speak a lot of english but like we got to have a little conversation and like I got to tell them that I was like his granddaughter and they were all excited and they told me that like the house is pretty much still the same as like when they sold it, they like just made very few upgrades, like
they still enjoyed it that way. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It was super super awesome.
it
was
so good.
Can I tell you a crazy pandemic relationship story? It's wild, it blows my mind. So I um at my house I uh we have a trailer in my backyard which I'm staying in the trailer right now but we had a tenant living here and she had just come to san Diego, she was just saying and what not, but while she was here like right before quarantine she um met uh this guy online and they started dating and when quarantine he he was working on a boat, he wasn't here, he doesn't live here long term either. So
he
wants
now like on a sailboat like a yeah like uh one that sales from like europe
and
like one of those, yeah.
So uh he ended up staying with her here during that time they bonded and in, I want to stay and in May june beginning of june they moved from here. They were taking, she lived in Maryland, so they took a road trip, like they just drove back over there. So on the way he proposed to her, they got engaged. Sorry, let me, let me, he's from the eu so he's um he had to go, he was having to go back. Uh so he they ended up getting married. Well, I'm story short short now, they've been married for like a month and it's like,
Yeah, I was like, oh my God,
I
know.
Yeah, I was like, wow, okay. Like I'm happy for you guys, but so fast.
Well
guys
in spain, Yeah,
Oh my God, no, I'm staying in here right now. Like sometimes my boyfriend comes and stays like a couple of days at a time with me, but like have anybody in here with you for more than a week. I'm like, oh my God, that'd be, that'd be too much.
Yes. I needed to leave you so I know I still love you and I can just give
me
the space.
Whoa, Let me miss you.
please.
So
true.
I think we hit it.
Um We let me make sure, I'm pretty sure we just uh close the video thing when we're john and we um move on to the next page. Um and we answer questions
one.
I want
you.
Oh yes, I have to say this was a much more fun conversation than the last one that I had.
you need to have a good rest of your
day.