SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Everly hi, give me one second to get the kids wrangled here. Hey,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: I'm starting my studies, so go with sister. What we do? Okay. We didn't with Maverick release. Okay. Abby, I'm starting my study now. Okay. Okay, go listen to sister. Mhm. I apologize.
SPEAKER_R: it's all good. You got to,
SPEAKER_L: Two girls and the oldest is supposed to be watching the youngest. There
SPEAKER_R: so that
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: 11 and four and of course, you know the second that the video starts, they need something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that checks out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So my name is jen
SPEAKER_R: Hi Jan I'm adam
SPEAKER_L: Adam, nice to meet you. What part
SPEAKER_R: to meet
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: the world are you from?
SPEAKER_R: um originally from the West Coast, but I mean I'm in the Chicago area now. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in northern Kentucky, right across the river from Cincinnati. Ohio. And I actually, I grew up in this area so I've been around um around this area pretty much my whole life. So yeah. What, what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: Um I work in a hospital, obviously, obviously not today, but
SPEAKER_L: right, okay. And what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: um I am an attorney. I I don't I'm not I'm not a clinical person. I'm in the administrative staff.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. Okay, so this is your off day? Huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't I don't have to be in the office every day. So yeah, this is this is a 30 minute break and then I'll be back into back into sorting out uh all sorts of things.
SPEAKER_L: I am sure your job is extremely crazy right now.
SPEAKER_R: Uh you know, it's it's chilled out a little bit, but it's it's been a six month period, let's put it that way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I can't imagine honestly dealing with all
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: know, we kind of had to tear down a lot of things and rebuild everything on the fly. As far as sorting out what we were going to do and allow people to do hospitals. Maybe we would have 5% of staff working from home. There's a in this industry and I'm relatively new in the hospital world too. I've only been in it for about a year. Um There is a, there's a real push back against the idea of working remote telecommuting in general and and certainly there is a strong push back into anything suggesting people don't come in. Um What I didn't think about prior to this is like most of the people that are in like the leaders and like the, the VPs, the people that run it, they all used to be doctors or nurses, like practicing. Like the majority of those folks all roll up through there. So, and that level of cheese mo of like we run in and we help and we are on site and in the building it that comes from the top down, So that's, that's kind of the first thought is like, oh, well, pandemic. Well, of course, we're all going to be there and we're, everybody is going to be on site to which I'm like, I'm doing policies guys, like,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like, I can look
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: at this stuff.
SPEAKER_L: need to be there. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think my first thought is like, well, if the, if the headline in the news is like non essential hospital staff gets sick with coronavirus, like, that's not a work for anybody like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: it's really
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: an avoidable error. But
SPEAKER_L: goodness
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: been kind of an adjustment I think, in in accepting and kind of understanding that maybe not everybody needs to be there. So, you know, that's a it's a learning process for everybody. I think
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: this entire
SPEAKER_L: and I
SPEAKER_R: country
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: is changing,
SPEAKER_L: I think everything really is right now, you know
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: doubt,
SPEAKER_L: so much that's unknown, it's just everybody's kind of in learning uncharted waters at this point. Um So
SPEAKER_R: it's it's wild at some point. We'll get to the other side of this and we'll all look back and just be like, what in the world did we just get through?
SPEAKER_L: it's funny to me because I remember back in March like when when things started closing and the kids started doing school from home and I remember thinking because my husband and I had a trip planned for april that we had to cancel and I remember thinking well hopefully we can we can reschedule it for june by then, this should all be over, right and here we are in august
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like this is going anywhere anyway.
SPEAKER_R: we did the same thing. We were going to go to Jekyll Island and had to cancel that at this point. We now have like we have a cabin that we were going to at least just like drive up and get out of the city and go up to the lake. But I'm not even sure we're going to be able to do that. It's for the end of next month and Chicago is now rolling out like quarantine. If you leave the state to go to other states that are having issues, you have to self quarantine for two weeks. So well suit. I'm not super optimistic about being able to go, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I mean everyone needs a break right now, I think more than ever it's like you're just
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: of looking at the same walls and
SPEAKER_R: forward
SPEAKER_L: for me
SPEAKER_R: real.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: So, so how are, how are things around there? You like you like Covington or like,
SPEAKER_L: I'm very close to coming down a little further south. Are you so you familiar with the area? Little
SPEAKER_R: I'm vaguely familiar. I lived in, I lived in Nashville for a while and, and I did some work around around since they, it was, it was never really northern Kentucky, that, that part of it, but I've definitely been in and out of the airport, I've a genius.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I went to Jungle jim's for the song, like I can take off some of the basic boxes
SPEAKER_L: Yeah jungle gyms is definitely a sight to see.
SPEAKER_R: no doubt.
SPEAKER_L: I'm about 15 minutes from the airport so fairly really close um in like Florence area. So um yeah and I think you asked me another question. I apologize. I don't, I think I got side
SPEAKER_R: how are, how are things around there
SPEAKER_L: how are things
SPEAKER_R: holding
SPEAKER_L: here?
SPEAKER_R: up?
SPEAKER_L: We um we also, I believe the governor is not mandating a quarantine but recommending a quarantine for people who travel to hotspots. Uh and you know, businesses have have been reopening for the last probably two months. Um nothing is really starting to close down per se again. Um you know, but there have been some changes with the restaurant recently had to go down to 25% capacity um you know, mask are mandatory here. Um so you know, and the kids school is supposed to start originally was supposed to start next week. Well they have now pushed that back to the end of august and they've given us the parents different options. You know, you can choose to have your child do. Nt I nontraditional instruction um like 100% of the time this year. Or you can choose to have them go back to school and a hybrid model, so half the week they would be there at the building with reduced capacity um and they have to wear mask and then the other half of the week they would be at home doing NT I so we still,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: even though we've kind of made our selection, don't really know a lot of details about what that looks like or what day of the week the kids will be in the building or home. And so I'm very fortunate that I work part time and I have the option to work from home as much as I want. Um so I can be really flexible with that schedule, you know, in conjunction with whatever the schools decide, but the parents who work full time, you know, in a traditional 9 to 5 job, I really none of them know how they're going to do it at this point. Um
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: And I mean I I know the hopefully the employers are trying to be understanding but also from a business side, how do you really do that and run your business? And I feel bad for him, I mean it's really, I don't know how a lot of people are going to do it.
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's really tough and it really pushes forward, you know, a lot of the inequalities because for people, the people that are hardest hit are the folks that have to be in those jobs and it's tough. My, my wife is in the same position as you
SPEAKER_L: form.
SPEAKER_R: and that she can work from home pretty much whenever. I don't think, I don't think her job is reopening at least until january and if, if ever like, but, but even if like we've, we've got our daughter turns to next week, so we've got
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: whirlwind of a child and when it was both of us full time from home trying to work and the conference calls were going nonstop. Yeah, trying to figure out, you know what, it was real crisis mode and trying to take care of her while also like trying
SPEAKER_L: Working,
SPEAKER_R: to be on call 12 hours a day, seven days a week. It was insane. It was truly nuts. And
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: had, we finally had to make a decision around daycare and we've, we had to, we've, we've got her back in day care now
SPEAKER_L: do you?
SPEAKER_R: and you know, and to be honest, partially some of that decision was, we want to make sure this decor and some clothes but they're they're nowhere near the numbers of kids that they had previously but they're back and and functional. Which is a good thing but it's we had we had the luxury to be able to do that. Not not everybody even has that option.
SPEAKER_L: I know and I just makes me feel so one thing that I think that pandemic really has done for me is just make me realize really how fortunate you know I am and that the fact that I have that option and the fact that my husband has not lost his job, he's not been affected at all. I mean he still goes to the, he has gone to the office the whole time that has never changed um, for him, but just how fortunate we are. Um, you know, because I see so many people like you said that just the inequalities and uh, I mean, what do you do if you're a single mom and you're supporting your family and your working full time, but now the kids are home and you've got to educate them and it's, I really feel that for people.
SPEAKER_R: there's there's impossible situations that people have been thrown in mm. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: we're some of the lucky ones.
SPEAKER_L: yes, I, I agree. And I think that's really, you know, I try to find the positive in a really negative situation and I know for me it's it's really changed my perspective on things that I probably took for granted and or complained about before all this and now I'm like that really doesn't matter, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah every everybody's gotten a little bit of that shift I think are well
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I suppose anybody who's not a total sociopath maybe if this if this won't shake up or make you take a look at everything around you. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: know. Yeah. Yeah. So when you said you're originally from the West Coast, what part um did you grow up out there?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I grew up in the Seattle area and then it was New Orleans, Nashville Knoxville, D. C. Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, is that all movement for your job or was that growing up or?
SPEAKER_R: No I grew up and was out in the Seattle area through college and then I lived in New Orleans for a year. Um Did law school in Tennessee, worked in Tennessee for a little bit and then moved out to D. C. For work. I met my wife and moved to the midwest for her job. And have changed since changed johnson's being out here. I was doing full time remote when we first moved out here and didn't really love that. I don't love full time remote but you know three or four days remote sounds pretty delightful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, working in your pajamas can't have its its bonus points.
SPEAKER_R: I've got I've got shorts on right now but I'm certainly not in my dress slacks right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's that is there's something to be said for that part of it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's it's nice and it also like it frees you up you can get the things done like and it's a it's a mindset and I know that it's an adjustment and not everybody is is great at it but and and also like there can be especially if you've got the kids at home, if you've got other things going on, like there's fits and starts, you will work for a little bit and then you'll stop for a second and some people they, it's hard to get over that hump to realize that like if you do that at home, it's really not that different than one next, somebody comes into your office and chats you up for something irrelevant. Brickell or you decide to go take that coffee break with somebody or you you go down rabbit holes when you're in the office that are completely different. But every bit as time wasting is the things that you can find when you're at home better or worse just different like and there's there's there is social utility to like having those relationships and that ability to pop into people's offices when you're when you're actually on site. But I don't necessarily be that every day, but
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: a major attitude adjustment and kind of just a general brain shift for not only employees but also manager to like, yeah, how are you, judging whether your people are doing their work
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That would be a challenge, especially when when they're working remotely and you're supervising them and what does that look like? Yeah. That would.
SPEAKER_R: the the lazy, there's nothing lazier than a manager who decides whether an employee is a good employee based on when they clock in and when they clock off. That was a really dumb way of looking at it. But it's
SPEAKER_L: Because you
SPEAKER_R: also the easiest way,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very fortunate that my um I work for a small company and my boss is um he's very good about you know family comes first and I don't really care what days you work or what hours or where you work from. As long as you're getting your work done,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: that's really all that he's like you know what needs to be done just get it done. And that is um you know I may not make a ton of money at my job but in our current family situation that flexibility um is worth so
SPEAKER_R: gold,
SPEAKER_L: much. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I took this job at a salary decrease or the increase in quality of life and stability and I am I'm very happy that I did that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's worth so much more than the financial aspect in my opinion. Especially when you have kids you just you have to be flexible and you have to mean you want to be with them and you wanna you know I don't
SPEAKER_R: You got
SPEAKER_L: know although
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: I do have the option to take the kids to work with me if I need to. And everybody's like, oh that's such a great, you know, my four year old has gone to work with me since she was a newborn and is not productive. It's
SPEAKER_R: I can't
SPEAKER_L: not as great.
SPEAKER_R: believe that.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, yeah, some days daycare sounds fabulous. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, and I don't know how long this is gonna last, but as long as we're in this current scenario and and my team is definitely just get your stuff done. I don't care how you don't make anybody have to micromanage anybody else. Let's do it. We're all, we're all big boys and big girls, let's let's just get things done. Um, but I, my wife and I can pretty much every day, walk our daughter to daycare and together and pick her up and walk her back together. And
SPEAKER_L: It's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's like that's gold to me at this, that's that's the biggest silver lining to me out of all of this, is that we've gotten so much extra one on one time with her. It's it's really, really been cool. And, and in general, I'm now in a job where I'm very rarely ever going to have to stay after hours in the office and be, you know, miss a day with her and that's
SPEAKER_L: that's all.
SPEAKER_R: that's fantastic. Yeah. You know, if I, if I really want to go grind until I'm dead, I can go do that in 15 years. I hope I don't have to, but as long as I can avoid having to do it, I'm gonna do it. But
SPEAKER_L: I agree totally. So what does your wife do we, you know before you said her job may not come back, but
SPEAKER_R: well her her on site job, she's she works in healthcare policy. Um so she she helps kind of lobby and get legislation. She does a lot of stuff around Medicaid and Medicaid expansion.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. So is that how you guys met then you're kind of in the same industry? And
SPEAKER_R: Um No, we met at a bar.
SPEAKER_L: did you, my husband and I met at a Lincoln Park concert. So I mean you just never know. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there was there was zero networking involved.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey, you know, sometimes it just, it works. Everybody's like, oh, you'll never meet anybody good at a bar, but sometimes it happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And she was she has always been in this industry and very directly focused on these kinds of issues and this world and I've kind of floated into it as, as my work has evolved especially since moving out here now. Like very much in the I've worked in, I worked in health insurance and now also, you know, directly on the, on the provider side in, in the hospital. I am now like on the ground level. And this is, I mean, it's, it's this is much better than health insurance. I'll say that much like, like
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: you're actually supporting something that
SPEAKER_L: Help insurance.
SPEAKER_R: definitely was a motivator to consider a career switch to.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Yeah. So are you guys in like in the downtown Chicago area, you mentioned walking your daughter to daycare? Is that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Now we're north side, we're
SPEAKER_L: come in?
SPEAKER_R: we're kind of like probably a couple of miles from Wrigley Field. I have walked I walked to a baseball game from there before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. I've only been in Chicago once and I was, I was in my twenties um
SPEAKER_R: there we go.
SPEAKER_L: and I enjoyed it, but I would really like to go back again when I can really mhm. Stay longer and you know, explore more. I always thought it would be a cool city to live like when you're single and young. Um
SPEAKER_R: I thought I thought the same thing having moved here when I'm older and married like I should have been here and I was when I was 2021 right out, right out of college. I thought the same thing about Nashville to like, but
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: Chicago, there's, there's so much to do. It's we've been we've been here for six years and I feel like we barely scratched the surface. Give us a pass for this last year. But yeah now we're getting to explore all of it again, you know through the eyes of our kids. Which is also fun seeing all these other brings. There's just so much there. I've I've never lived in a city this big but it's there's just so much to do. There's so many things going on. It's it's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, awesome, awesome. So your daughter go, does she go, you said she's going to daycare? She going every day now?
SPEAKER_R: She's going five days a week. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean she usually I mean she likes it. I think she was going I mean being being home and shelter in place with us for several months. It definitely kind of like strengthened the bond. But I think she also kind of missed the interaction and playing with her friends. So it was it was a little weird transitioning back at first but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: but after after that like now she's she's all back in her and I mean there's like five kids.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's not bad. That's, that's a good, I mean, financially from their point that's probably not probably probably really struggling, but.
SPEAKER_R: I think they have they have three rooms and I think they have more people. This is like the toddler room and then there's like uh two rooms for slightly older. I think those have more.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, my youngest is scheduled to go back to preschool um next month and she will go three days a week just in the mornings, but they've had to reduce their class sizes and um so I'm really kind of selfishly hoping that they do go
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: just as those three mornings of the week would be nice to be able to, you know, actually get some work done or run some errands or maybe exercise a little bit, you know, just have some
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: time. Yeah. Um But so I'm hoping, but we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: No it's true. I mean we had we haven't had long conversations about it like should we do this? Are we are we awful people for sending our kid back when they could get sick? But I mean it it's a we've we've made the adjustment that like between me going into the office a couple times a week and our child going to daycare like we have a we've we've absorbed enough risk right? So we're not going out anywhere. We're not we don't really have much of a bubble of like other people that we see. Well I think there's like three other people outside. So like we're we're eating the risk on our end by just having a continued, lonely, isolated existence. You know, I get to talk to strangers on a videotape a 25 minute.
SPEAKER_L: My husband laughs because he's like um he's also on prolific and I'm like you should do one of these studies. They're really cool because I've done one before and talk to a girl in Arizona and he's like, he's very introverted, he's like, that sounds like pure torture and
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: wife
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: is the same watch
SPEAKER_L: that's another adult, I can talk to them about real life things and because he's at the office all day and I'm stuck with these kids.
SPEAKER_R: because the kids in the other room or any curse words you want to get out like real quick. You want to drop the left arms? Well there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. But yeah, I enjoy like learning about different people in their lives and it doesn't bother me at all, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know and like prolific. Been really busy since quarantines rolled up too.
SPEAKER_L: coming up.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like it's paying for the beer money. It's
SPEAKER_L: exactly. Yeah, I agree. It's a nice little side gig, so well, cool. Have you been timing this at all? I don't know. What did we get on at 20 at 11 or
SPEAKER_R: oh, yep. No we are we are at time were actually good.
SPEAKER_L: are we fabulous? All right,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: well, it's been fun. I've enjoyed
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: with you. That's
SPEAKER_R: stay
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: safe out there
SPEAKER_L: You do the same.
SPEAKER_R: and have a good rest of your day.
SPEAKER_L: yep. You too, Bye, bye.