or
it's all good. You got to,
so that
was
Yeah, that checks out.
Hi Jan I'm adam
to meet
in
um originally from the West Coast, but I mean I'm in the Chicago area now. What about you?
Um I work in a hospital, obviously, obviously not today, but
um I am an attorney. I I don't I'm not I'm not a clinical person. I'm in the administrative staff.
Well, I don't I don't have to be in the office every day. So yeah, this is this is a 30 minute break and then I'll be back into back into sorting out uh all sorts of things.
Uh you know, it's it's chilled out a little bit, but it's it's been a six month period, let's put it that way.
You
know, we kind of had to tear down a lot of things and rebuild everything on the fly. As far as sorting out what we were going to do and allow people to do hospitals. Maybe we would have 5% of staff working from home. There's a in this industry and I'm relatively new in the hospital world too. I've only been in it for about a year. Um There is a, there's a real push back against the idea of working remote telecommuting in general and and certainly there is a strong push back into anything suggesting people don't come in. Um What I didn't think about prior to this is like most of the people that are in like the leaders and like the, the VPs, the people that run it, they all used to be doctors or nurses, like practicing. Like the majority of those folks all roll up through there. So, and that level of cheese mo of like we run in and we help and we are on site and in the building it that comes from the top down, So that's, that's kind of the first thought is like, oh, well, pandemic. Well, of course, we're all going to be there and we're, everybody is going to be on site to which I'm like, I'm doing policies guys, like,
like, I can look
at this stuff.
I don't think my first thought is like, well, if the, if the headline in the news is like non essential hospital staff gets sick with coronavirus, like, that's not a work for anybody like
that,
That's
an avoidable error. But
there's
been kind of an adjustment I think, in in accepting and kind of understanding that maybe not everybody needs to be there. So, you know, that's a it's a learning process for everybody. I think
this entire
country
is changing,
no
doubt,
it's it's wild at some point. We'll get to the other side of this and we'll all look back and just be like, what in the world did we just get through?
It's
we did the same thing. We were going to go to Jekyll Island and had to cancel that at this point. We now have like we have a cabin that we were going to at least just like drive up and get out of the city and go up to the lake. But I'm not even sure we're going to be able to do that. It's for the end of next month and Chicago is now rolling out like quarantine. If you leave the state to go to other states that are having issues, you have to self quarantine for two weeks. So well suit. I'm not super optimistic about being able to go, but
you know
forward
real.
So, so how are, how are things around there? You like you like Covington or like,
I'm vaguely familiar. I lived in, I lived in Nashville for a while and, and I did some work around around since they, it was, it was never really northern Kentucky, that, that part of it, but I've definitely been in and out of the airport, I've a genius.
I went to Jungle jim's for the song, like I can take off some of the basic boxes
no doubt.
how are, how are things around there
holding
up?
Well
no,
it's, it's really tough and it really pushes forward, you know, a lot of the inequalities because for people, the people that are hardest hit are the folks that have to be in those jobs and it's tough. My, my wife is in the same position as you
and that she can work from home pretty much whenever. I don't think, I don't think her job is reopening at least until january and if, if ever like, but, but even if like we've, we've got our daughter turns to next week, so we've got
whirlwind of a child and when it was both of us full time from home trying to work and the conference calls were going nonstop. Yeah, trying to figure out, you know what, it was real crisis mode and trying to take care of her while also like trying
to be on call 12 hours a day, seven days a week. It was insane. It was truly nuts. And
we
had, we finally had to make a decision around daycare and we've, we had to, we've, we've got her back in day care now
and you know, and to be honest, partially some of that decision was, we want to make sure this decor and some clothes but they're they're nowhere near the numbers of kids that they had previously but they're back and and functional. Which is a good thing but it's we had we had the luxury to be able to do that. Not not everybody even has that option.
there's there's impossible situations that people have been thrown in mm. Yeah
we're some of the lucky ones.
Yeah every everybody's gotten a little bit of that shift I think are well
I suppose anybody who's not a total sociopath maybe if this if this won't shake up or make you take a look at everything around you. I don't know
what,
yeah I grew up in the Seattle area and then it was New Orleans, Nashville Knoxville, D. C. Chicago.
No I grew up and was out in the Seattle area through college and then I lived in New Orleans for a year. Um Did law school in Tennessee, worked in Tennessee for a little bit and then moved out to D. C. For work. I met my wife and moved to the midwest for her job. And have changed since changed johnson's being out here. I was doing full time remote when we first moved out here and didn't really love that. I don't love full time remote but you know three or four days remote sounds pretty delightful.
I've got I've got shorts on right now but I'm certainly not in my dress slacks right?
Yeah it's it's nice and it also like it frees you up you can get the things done like and it's a it's a mindset and I know that it's an adjustment and not everybody is is great at it but and and also like there can be especially if you've got the kids at home, if you've got other things going on, like there's fits and starts, you will work for a little bit and then you'll stop for a second and some people they, it's hard to get over that hump to realize that like if you do that at home, it's really not that different than one next, somebody comes into your office and chats you up for something irrelevant. Brickell or you decide to go take that coffee break with somebody or you you go down rabbit holes when you're in the office that are completely different. But every bit as time wasting is the things that you can find when you're at home better or worse just different like and there's there's there is social utility to like having those relationships and that ability to pop into people's offices when you're when you're actually on site. But I don't necessarily be that every day, but
that's
a major attitude adjustment and kind of just a general brain shift for not only employees but also manager to like, yeah, how are you, judging whether your people are doing their work
the the lazy, there's nothing lazier than a manager who decides whether an employee is a good employee based on when they clock in and when they clock off. That was a really dumb way of looking at it. But it's
also the easiest way,
just
gold,
I took this job at a salary decrease or the increase in quality of life and stability and I am I'm very happy that I did that,
You got
what?
I can't
believe that.
Yeah, I mean, and I don't know how long this is gonna last, but as long as we're in this current scenario and and my team is definitely just get your stuff done. I don't care how you don't make anybody have to micromanage anybody else. Let's do it. We're all, we're all big boys and big girls, let's let's just get things done. Um, but I, my wife and I can pretty much every day, walk our daughter to daycare and together and pick her up and walk her back together. And
that's that's like that's gold to me at this, that's that's the biggest silver lining to me out of all of this, is that we've gotten so much extra one on one time with her. It's it's really, really been cool. And, and in general, I'm now in a job where I'm very rarely ever going to have to stay after hours in the office and be, you know, miss a day with her and that's
that's fantastic. Yeah. You know, if I, if I really want to go grind until I'm dead, I can go do that in 15 years. I hope I don't have to, but as long as I can avoid having to do it, I'm gonna do it. But
well her her on site job, she's she works in healthcare policy. Um so she she helps kind of lobby and get legislation. She does a lot of stuff around Medicaid and Medicaid expansion.
Um No, we met at a bar.
there was there was zero networking involved.
Yeah. And she was she has always been in this industry and very directly focused on these kinds of issues and this world and I've kind of floated into it as, as my work has evolved especially since moving out here now. Like very much in the I've worked in, I worked in health insurance and now also, you know, directly on the, on the provider side in, in the hospital. I am now like on the ground level. And this is, I mean, it's, it's this is much better than health insurance. I'll say that much like, like
you're actually supporting something that
definitely was a motivator to consider a career switch to.
Yeah. Now we're north side, we're
we're kind of like probably a couple of miles from Wrigley Field. I have walked I walked to a baseball game from there before.
there we go.
I thought I thought the same thing having moved here when I'm older and married like I should have been here and I was when I was 2021 right out, right out of college. I thought the same thing about Nashville to like, but
Chicago, there's, there's so much to do. It's we've been we've been here for six years and I feel like we barely scratched the surface. Give us a pass for this last year. But yeah now we're getting to explore all of it again, you know through the eyes of our kids. Which is also fun seeing all these other brings. There's just so much there. I've I've never lived in a city this big but it's there's just so much to do. There's so many things going on. It's it's very cool.
She's going five days a week. Yeah.
I mean she usually I mean she likes it. I think she was going I mean being being home and shelter in place with us for several months. It definitely kind of like strengthened the bond. But I think she also kind of missed the interaction and playing with her friends. So it was it was a little weird transitioning back at first but
but after after that like now she's she's all back in her and I mean there's like five kids.
I think they have they have three rooms and I think they have more people. This is like the toddler room and then there's like uh two rooms for slightly older. I think those have more.
man.
Crazy.
No it's true. I mean we had we haven't had long conversations about it like should we do this? Are we are we awful people for sending our kid back when they could get sick? But I mean it it's a we've we've made the adjustment that like between me going into the office a couple times a week and our child going to daycare like we have a we've we've absorbed enough risk right? So we're not going out anywhere. We're not we don't really have much of a bubble of like other people that we see. Well I think there's like three other people outside. So like we're we're eating the risk on our end by just having a continued, lonely, isolated existence. You know, I get to talk to strangers on a videotape a 25 minute.
my
wife
is the same watch
because the kids in the other room or any curse words you want to get out like real quick. You want to drop the left arms? Well there.
Yeah I know and like prolific. Been really busy since quarantines rolled up too.
So it's like it's paying for the beer money. It's
oh, yep. No we are we are at time were actually good.
Well
talking
to
stay
safe out there
and have a good rest of your day.