Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Everly hi, give me one second to get the kids wrangled here. Hey,
I'm starting my studies, so go with sister. What we do? Okay. We didn't with Maverick release. Okay. Abby, I'm starting my study now. Okay. Okay, go listen to sister. Mhm. I apologize.
Two girls and the oldest is supposed to be watching the youngest. There
are
11 and four and of course, you know the second that the video starts, they need something.
Yeah. So my name is jen
Adam, nice to meet you. What part
of
the world are you from?
I'm in northern Kentucky, right across the river from Cincinnati. Ohio. And I actually, I grew up in this area so I've been around um around this area pretty much my whole life. So yeah. What, what do you do for a living?
right, okay. And what do you do?
Gotcha. Okay, so this is your off day? Huh.
I am sure your job is extremely crazy right now.
Yeah, I mean I can't imagine honestly dealing with all
the
I
don't
need to be there. Oh.
No
it's really
not.
goodness
Well
Well
and I
think
I think everything really is right now, you know
there's
so much that's unknown, it's just everybody's kind of in learning uncharted waters at this point. Um So
it's funny to me because I remember back in March like when when things started closing and the kids started doing school from home and I remember thinking because my husband and I had a trip planned for april that we had to cancel and I remember thinking well hopefully we can we can reschedule it for june by then, this should all be over, right and here we are in august
and I'm like this is going anywhere anyway.
Yeah. But I mean everyone needs a break right now, I think more than ever it's like you're just
of looking at the same walls and
for me
it
I'm very close to coming down a little further south. Are you so you familiar with the area? Little
I don't know.
Yeah jungle gyms is definitely a sight to see.
I'm about 15 minutes from the airport so fairly really close um in like Florence area. So um yeah and I think you asked me another question. I apologize. I don't, I think I got side
how are things
here?
We um we also, I believe the governor is not mandating a quarantine but recommending a quarantine for people who travel to hotspots. Uh and you know, businesses have have been reopening for the last probably two months. Um nothing is really starting to close down per se again. Um you know, but there have been some changes with the restaurant recently had to go down to 25% capacity um you know, mask are mandatory here. Um so you know, and the kids school is supposed to start originally was supposed to start next week. Well they have now pushed that back to the end of august and they've given us the parents different options. You know, you can choose to have your child do. Nt I nontraditional instruction um like 100% of the time this year. Or you can choose to have them go back to school and a hybrid model, so half the week they would be there at the building with reduced capacity um and they have to wear mask and then the other half of the week they would be at home doing NT I so we still,
even though we've kind of made our selection, don't really know a lot of details about what that looks like or what day of the week the kids will be in the building or home. And so I'm very fortunate that I work part time and I have the option to work from home as much as I want. Um so I can be really flexible with that schedule, you know, in conjunction with whatever the schools decide, but the parents who work full time, you know, in a traditional 9 to 5 job, I really none of them know how they're going to do it at this point. Um
And I mean I I know the hopefully the employers are trying to be understanding but also from a business side, how do you really do that and run your business? And I feel bad for him, I mean it's really, I don't know how a lot of people are going to do it.
form.
No. Yeah.
Working,
I
mean
do you?
I know and I just makes me feel so one thing that I think that pandemic really has done for me is just make me realize really how fortunate you know I am and that the fact that I have that option and the fact that my husband has not lost his job, he's not been affected at all. I mean he still goes to the, he has gone to the office the whole time that has never changed um, for him, but just how fortunate we are. Um, you know, because I see so many people like you said that just the inequalities and uh, I mean, what do you do if you're a single mom and you're supporting your family and your working full time, but now the kids are home and you've got to educate them and it's, I really feel that for people.
It's
yes, I, I agree. And I think that's really, you know, I try to find the positive in a really negative situation and I know for me it's it's really changed my perspective on things that I probably took for granted and or complained about before all this and now I'm like that really doesn't matter, you know?
So
I
know. Yeah. Yeah. So when you said you're originally from the West Coast, what part um did you grow up out there?
Oh my gosh, is that all movement for your job or was that growing up or?
Yeah, working in your pajamas can't have its its bonus points.
Yeah. That's that is there's something to be said for that part of it.
Very
great.
Yeah. That would be a challenge, especially when when they're working remotely and you're supervising them and what does that look like? Yeah. That would.
Because you
Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very fortunate that my um I work for a small company and my boss is um he's very good about you know family comes first and I don't really care what days you work or what hours or where you work from. As long as you're getting your work done,
that's really all that he's like you know what needs to be done just get it done. And that is um you know I may not make a ton of money at my job but in our current family situation that flexibility um is worth so
much. Yeah.
Yeah it's worth so much more than the financial aspect in my opinion. Especially when you have kids you just you have to be flexible and you have to mean you want to be with them and you wanna you know I don't
know although
I do have the option to take the kids to work with me if I need to. And everybody's like, oh that's such a great, you know, my four year old has gone to work with me since she was a newborn and is not productive. It's
not as great.
I'm like, yeah, some days daycare sounds fabulous. Right.
It's awesome.
that's all.
I agree totally. So what does your wife do we, you know before you said her job may not come back, but
Okay, cool. So is that how you guys met then you're kind of in the same industry? And
did you, my husband and I met at a Lincoln Park concert. So I mean you just never know. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Hey, you know, sometimes it just, it works. Everybody's like, oh, you'll never meet anybody good at a bar, but sometimes it happens.
gosh.
Help insurance.
Mm hmm. Yeah. So are you guys in like in the downtown Chicago area, you mentioned walking your daughter to daycare? Is that
come in?
Yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. I've only been in Chicago once and I was, I was in my twenties um
and I enjoyed it, but I would really like to go back again when I can really mhm. Stay longer and you know, explore more. I always thought it would be a cool city to live like when you're single and young. Um
I mean,
Yeah, awesome, awesome. So your daughter go, does she go, you said she's going to daycare? She going every day now?
That's awesome. Yeah.
No.
Oh, that's not bad. That's, that's a good, I mean, financially from their point that's probably not probably probably really struggling, but.
Okay. Yeah, my youngest is scheduled to go back to preschool um next month and she will go three days a week just in the mornings, but they've had to reduce their class sizes and um so I'm really kind of selfishly hoping that they do go
just as those three mornings of the week would be nice to be able to, you know, actually get some work done or run some errands or maybe exercise a little bit, you know, just have some
time. Yeah. Um But so I'm hoping, but we'll see.
My husband laughs because he's like um he's also on prolific and I'm like you should do one of these studies. They're really cool because I've done one before and talk to a girl in Arizona and he's like, he's very introverted, he's like, that sounds like pure torture and
I'm
like,
that's another adult, I can talk to them about real life things and because he's at the office all day and I'm stuck with these kids.
Oh gosh. But yeah, I enjoy like learning about different people in their lives and it doesn't bother me at all, so
coming up.
exactly. Yeah, I agree. It's a nice little side gig, so well, cool. Have you been timing this at all? I don't know. What did we get on at 20 at 11 or
are we fabulous? All right,
well, it's been fun. I've enjoyed
talking
with you. That's
it.
You do the same.
yep. You too, Bye, bye.