Hello, how are you today?
Doing? Wonderful. Um What's your name?
Melissa. My name's to uh
meet you too.
The U. S. Midwest in that area about
you?
I'm from the suburbs. But I've been in new york a couple of times. It's
interesting. Um You know where the prompt is? Because I the survey said there was like a prompt we could talk about like what questions
like the survey we took
damage, shown
it up again.
Okay.
Uh huh.
But
All
that's
fine. I understand things we're gonna be talking for half hour so I figured they would give us a prompt. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
huh. They
started a timer so we'll get to know it's 25 minutes. Oh.
pretty. I mean it could be better but like, you know, I'm always thankful for what I have. No, I know I have a pretty good for you know like if I you know, look at everyone else. I'd say I'm like doing like probably better than most people, which is of course most of it is out of my control is more of a situational thing, but you know, I got to recognize what I got. What about you? Mhm.
But
Yeah, I'm still
bored so uh I've been planning to go to that school. Uh huh.
Well I have a few like career choices in mind. Um I'm right now I'm studying general stuff so I can like after I finished a general, you know education I can go into something more specific primatologist. E you know, study of primates I really like, you know, it intrigues me um about like, you know, apes, monkeys, they all just
like their their animals, like they're different category than us, but they're so human like and I find it impressive when they do human like stuff so like studying them is like you know something really cool.
well that's just one choice. Um I'm also looking into zoology, it's also a general but like you know general learning, so so like I look forward to um I just, you know when I look looking into these career pets, it's just the two things I look into is like you know, how much will I enjoy it and you know if they how much will I get paid and to me it's more
of the um you know enjoy ability, you know how much fun I'm going to have, that matters more than how much you're getting paid, but I got to be realistic. Yeah.
More.
that's up to move a little just um can you still see me just want to make sure the light,
What are you doing, theater?
huh
that's
interesting. You know, a lot of people in the midwest, like, you know, really like theater, like miles in high school, there's like, you know, there's like not a stereotype, like there's always a group of theater kids, you know, like acting and singing and like, you know, I knew what I need, a lot of them, They're really nice people.
just turned out so, you know, I don't like, you know, obviously I've told you about my theater people, I've known my friends, but I don't really like no less structure like because you're in new york, I'm in the midwest. So um I'm assuming like you, having connections to other people is important to have any like interesting connections, you know?
but
Uh huh. But but uh it's very interesting um so you have any um pardon me? I don't know like I said I don't know anything about theater but so you have any like you don't work on broadway right?
Uh huh
Okay.
So you said you you're living in new york right now, your I'm
assuming
you're over there, so um are you currently living with anyone else?
so have you been you know
oh meet um where I live?
Yeah yeah like a regular suburban neighborhood. Um Um I like it but I don't know it's just thinking like you know if you were in 1980 and you're imagining the American dream, that kind of house. It's exactly that maybe a little focus. But um I just lived with my family, two brothers, one older, one younger mom and dad.
It's a, it's a good structure, you know? Um
So
I've had you go, you're
saying
something.
Because right now um Well, I was thinking that I was going to college if I go in state or out of state and states much more um cost friendly. I would say school right now I'm staying with them. But I usually go to the university Purdue to be exact. And, and I feel like I might have to like, you know, for my job occupation depends on what I'm going in for. I
might like go to the west coast because west coast or florida both places are like, you know good and like animal that subjects or am I even think about going um like overseas to study animals? Like that's what I really want to do. Like travel the world. Like my parents do they bring us a lot of fun fact.
that's a hard answer of that's something really hard because um you have to get this my parents now they're both doctors very well off. Um But
instead of like you know buying like really big house, big car, they like to spend a lot of their money on travel and
we've been to around I would say 30 countries. Yeah I know. Um um I would say the most interesting place I want to was from Morocco, North africa. I really looked like you know just how it was remind you most of these places. I was like younger when we visited. So I think like I was like 10 12 so I don't get to like you know understand or comprehend everything but I would say Morocco and Turkey or one of the best places we've been to. There's just one hotel in Morocco. I was like down this alley um look very run down. Um So we usually travel with another family that we're good friends with up in michigan, so it's a 10 of us um were you know wondering what could this be because you know my parents like to look for quality when it comes to traveling so they were wondering what they paid for but it ended up being a very great. I don't know how to describe. It was like it wasn't a hotel, it was like but it wasn't like you know a family having like another family to stay. It's hard to explain. It was like we were the only people there and it was like a couple of rooms but it was very like open so it's like a like a house we were renting basically but it was like not like um the what's the name of the place? Like you know you just rent a place for
a while like the company name.
being the it was it was most like it wasn't bad but it was similar to that and like, like every morning there was just like this really long table we'd all sit and like high breakfast like they serve us really good food and I was like really nice. It was a pump.
Well I would just go to Dubai because like just because of like the reputation it has depends on how much money I get to spend, you know because I don't buy, everything
is
explained.
I don't know there's like a sing in Dubai that like if you complement a man's watch you'll give it to you.
Yeah but that mike also the really rich.
like you know it's fine. Like I understand it's really nice to be in a place like that but it's also nice to like you know look at everything because like I've been to like countries like by like rich and I've been to like countries like who are like you know really low G. D. P. S like Morocco. Now it's not as wealthy people like it's not a wealthy country and I feel like traveling to all these countries, I've developed an open mindset towards life and everything else. Um Like you know like I would like to see everything that you know the bigger picture also smart. You know like I know how to like blend in and now you know like and not be seen as a target. It helped traveling around the world helps you like you know not only like helps you manage money resources you know you got to be smart with that um helps you explore new places. Like I think travels like the antidote we're here to any form of ignorance.
Oh it shocks me when I asked my friends like someone haven't even left like the state I'm in like much less the country and so like like the most some people have done like maybe go on a mission trip to cuba or Haiti but you know other than that um Of course there's like you know the problem with cost it's not it's not cheap
but Like if you if you you know make you know make the right choices and get what I get lucky maybe you can you can make, you can get like a maybe $5,000 trip. But you know like that's if you're lucky.
well
Shit.
Oh
I
have not been to East Asia yet. I really want to go. You know like Southeast Asia that area because you haven't even like been like because I think the furthest used to be point is like Pakistan. So like South Asia but not like further. So I don't know how long that flight is going to be because like usually
it's like
like 60
now. Like
wait
did you go just go east or west? Just
go across
the
alright. I was wondering because like they both seemed equally distant like I thought
it would
be faster what I wear.
Actually because my parents immigrated here, I think it was like a lingering effect they have. It's like permanent but it's like you know we eat dinner very late. So like I thought most people ate dinner at like nine o'clock eight o'clock until like I found out like we have dinner at sit like other people have dinner at six. It was very interesting.
Pakistan, we go back there like
few summers or so. Um very interesting you know because my grandfather from my dad's side, he was in the military. Um I don't know what, I think he was planning to go to America first but this was like what was sixties, you know around that time but he had to join the military, you know cover the cost for his sick mother, my great grandmother. And so when he had meet my dad and his uncles he made sure that you know they had a good enough they set the future up so they do what they want. Um So my dad and one of my uncles who was also in the midwest a couple hours away. Um They both became doctors um And my other uncle stayed in Pakistan and became a dentist and opened his business there. So they all have they all three of them have businesses open. They're doing well, doing very fine and I think that's like the dream my grandfather always wanted. It turned out pretty successful and glad it did. So it's like
you know that's an uncle is doing the same to me and my cousins making sure we set up. And my older brother and cousin both got into college is full rides. Um My cousin went in for business and my brother went in for the medical field, so we're doing pretty fine. Happy for us.
speaking of luck and chance and what's going on right now um You probably know that the whole country's looking at new york as you know, like the center of this whole crisis. So from your perspective as someone who lives there, what's how's everything going on?
But yeah,
you
can.
that would have
been
So
this trend of uncertainties, you know, all around you, like not just you, but like everyone else.
But
I
don't have it.
It's
very interesting here, the perspective of someone from, you know, an entirely different place. Um You know, I'm gonna be in the same country, but in new york and the midwest totally different places. Um People here are not really like they're, some of them are like businesses are closing of course, you know, in compliance with government orders. But um you know, some people are just like because um they see new york different because it's a big city. Of course people are gonna get infected more, it's going to be more fatalities, but like, you know, they think that indiana won't be like it like that or high, it won't be it or michigan places like that. Um So most people I know have been like, you know, being casual with the orders, you know like hanging out and stuff. My family is making sure none of us leave. Um Like you know, the only two exceptions I know is it was like my birthday like yeah, they let me have my friends over. This is like, but this was like two months ago back in
the court of first being like started. And actually this weekend maybe the only like time where we would get to go we're going to we're just driving over to see our cousins so not that long drive but like we're just gonna be wearing masks and all and yeah so real most people are disappointed. I've been talking about my friends. You know they tell me ones that haven't been, you know hanging out because you know some of them some of them do some um But the ones that don't have, you know we've been talking and said how much you know has to happen right as classes end and summer starts. It's like the worst this could be like the worst time like it happens and I would agree because like you know this department will get to go out and not do school but like this is like, you know, summer break is literally the carefree part of the year where nothing happens and it's you know, it's very disappointing to say the least. I don't know how long this is gonna last or if it does last, how long am I gonna, like, you know, are we going to resist like following orders? How like how much are we gonna think it's necessary to do so? And thinking about all that just you know, brings more uncertainty because if if everything ends in like it's still like this until like you said 2021 february, like around that time it's like a whole year. Um It's gonna one give us a window of time to do a lot to ourselves because it's like time for personal change without interaction, physical interaction from the outside world. For the most part, it's going to give you a lot of time to reflect on yourself, think on yourself and think about what's going on with your life. And then this whole thing started. I was I thought about that like this is a time where like the make it or break it time for probably the majority of people's lives because that's the part where the people we will not get this like this time, this much time again in our lives, this is the only part in our lives where we'll get uninterrupted time for extended period of time to basically do whatever we want. Like you know, you're like because if you're working from home
chances are like you're the work like you won't because like you may you don't have to come, you you don't have to take time walking, dressing up, doing what you have to do. Um so that gives you more free time and with all this free time you can either choose to you know wasted all in despair or you know use it to make a better person of yourself and I think when we all get out of this um hopefully um that we will see the results, you know, between our own friends, you know, we'll see like, you know who's change, people will change um people become different, you'll see people that you never expected to be like, you know this hardworking or productive and you'll see vice versa with
people who you thought had everything together just fall apart. Oh.
it's gonna be very hard these for some people like I feel like the most important thing to get is um schedule like because if you like, you know, if you just let the time pass, like there's no structure, there's no structure for school college because before then you knew when to get up, when you go to classes, when classes will be over, when you can do this and that, but since there's none of that where you have to physically get out of the house and go somewhere, you can lose track of the time and with that time about how much hours of work you would have wasted or what you could have spent doing something productive to help yourself.
I find it quite interesting because like I said, um people prepare different like for this and just seeing the whole array of how people's different reactions to learning that they're probably going to have to stay inside and not interact. Um people have different plans, different motors, you know, because everyone is different. Um everyone's doesn't work the same way. People have different thoughts and minds due to their experiences from beforehand. And it really shows um you know, you can infer a lot from a person just by hearing what they're doing currently. You know, maybe just getting known them for a short while and just learning about how different people are from each other is to me, very intriguing.
You know, I've always wanted to um moved to the city like L. A. Or new york big places like that because I really like the urban, like not culture but like maybe themes
that are prevalent
all right now. He is very different.
Like um just it's very like I like it a lot because it's big cities are usually the ones on the forefront of experiment experimental like you know, ideas, innovations um like you know like specifically regarding um stuff like fashion. I really like, you know, fashion and stuff. Um It's just like something, you know, like to fashion. To me, it's like it could be something as simple as just wearing your everyday work clothes or could be something as complex as an art piece, an expression. And the wonderful thing about is that you get to choose whether there's something you just square every day or something you want the world to know. Something that you could just express yourself with without using any words if
Oh.
Mhm. How long has it been? Has it
been
Yeah. The time around the other pages I know for a fact wrong because it says nine minutes and obviously it's been long that
for
30, I got in here for 29 and
you
like
couple of seconds later, I'm just worried that they won't like,
they'll look
for
nine minutes and assume you didn't. So, I am going to send them a message before I leave saying that the timer.
All right. So, I'm just going to send the message before we had the call on the prolific. Uh Oh uh Oh. How much minutes does your timers they say?
Mine says like 10 minutes. 40 seconds. So I'm gonna hope they look at
Let me say one.
Uh huh. All right. You said 45 minutes. All
He's gonna finish running up this message before hanging up just to be sure. All right. Hi, just sent the message. So how do we in
the school? Yeah.
All
right. So I'm just gonna click that.
Okay. Alright. Yeah, I forgot your name again. Alyssa.
Alright. I knew it started with an a. I just had it not good with names. All right. Well, it
talking to you melissa. Thank you for showing up and doing the 25 minutes, greatly appreciate it.
And I hope you stay safe and have a good good day. All