Hello.
I'm doing okay. How are you doing?
Elissa
got nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
Where you know whatever you feel comfortable saying. But where are you talking from? Very lovely.
All
right us as well up in the northeast and uh new york city actually.
Yeah. I'm originally from a farther upstate in new york but then living living down in the city for good number of years now.
I didn't see that.
Yeah. Yeah and I didn't I don't I didn't I don't remember encountering one in the subsequent things that we've gotten either.
yet.
Yeah. Let me check on my phone. Um Normal. Okay. Uh huh. Okay.
Um That's the best professionals. Yes.
Your that email construction Yeah I don't think. And any of the things that were sent after that first um That first like Screener
I don't think any of
the things that they had a
problem,
Um
But uh yeah no it was just it had a couple of starter questions, which is the lake, how are you feeling today? And then all the rest, the instructions were very technical, like, you know, we're leave the tab open and make sure it's enough time. Um
I don't remember seeing.
but yeah, how is a, well I guess it's much of a prompt. Is anything a couple of questions to ask? How, how is there, how's your mood feeling right now?
similar, similar. It's a, you know, it's a it's a balance for me of, you know, the in the day to day in the moment feeling pretty, pretty good, pretty up. Um But as soon as I start right now looking at the longer view of things, um that's when it gets to be a little bit, you know, out of my control, in a more anxiety inducing way. Um Well I work in theater um which is especially theater in new york city, that is all shut down right now. Um and no one has any clue about when an entire industry can reopen, so
that's that's a little bit, little bit nerve wracking if I think about that too hard um
But important.
Are you looking at specific schools, your best point or?
what?
Yeah. How much they like us slash how much we're like them?
balance.
like as long as you gotta keep, you got to keep a roof over your head and
some food on your plate, but once you start moving beyond that like it's how you can, you know, look, you spend your time, which is if you like the biggest thing that once you have the basics taken care of I would much more enjoyable. Be happy.
I can ladies then
I'm a stage manager and I worked behind the scenes and I it's a little bit like a project manager. Um but specifically for rehearsal and performance processes. Um So I managed to rehearse, get prepared to manage the rehearsal room when they're developing a piece
and bring it through tech when they transfer into a theater and then manage the performances when they're uh in the performance run
for an audience,
yeah. Yeah. It was interesting for me because I started out being, Hi guys, I love theater. At least I love to sing, I love to to act and I didn't even really know that my particular what became my career path existed. Um Yeah, all right into it. Not late, but a little bit later. But you've got kids nowadays who are starting saying I want to be a stage manager when they're in high school. You know what I stayed true. I was in high school. Um which yeah, that's all a little bit, a little bit crazy.
um Well actually a funny, it's a my, you know, they were too small industry and a small, big city, like for instance yesterday I was working, I was managing a zoom reading, so it was like reading up, reading, apply a bunch of actors going through the script and reading it so you could hear after performing the word but in a new middle. Um and uh it would be translation and adaptation of Romeo and Juliet and uh stopped reading around six o'clock and then the like uh you know the good that gives me like 2.5, 3 hours before this online premiere of a, I'm not sure if it's a show technically or like netflix or whatever. Um But a new show that's coming out soon, I'm kind of a test audience member for production company that's running a lot of these online after party. So I got invited to that. So I haven't really heard about this series, I didn't really know much about him like alright yeah sure I'll go watch it. First episode starts and it's about basically um Each each episode is a different significant love affair in the main street in the main character for that season. So we're following in Kendrick first up is there it starts and I'm like oh if he's going around the material room at a party in this guy comes over is properly generally help well with a korean dude, you know, talking, talking to her, that's right, how can I work for a while? But I look up from my tips, yes, can be, go down a little longer. I do another take to do a double take and I'm like, wait, I need to, I need to check this out for myself and I google it and it's the actor who had been playing Romeo in the
reading that I had just finished working three hours ago, we're starring in epic of this, prepare the television series that I've just been invited to completely unrelated as an audience member. Um so the joke that I always make with some of my my friends to our theater fans not working in the industry and like you can't take me anywhere because if you work with so many people in your industry, you inevitably, if you go to anything will end up, you know, seeing, you know, I'd be like, hey, hey, how you doing? Um which I'm sure is at some level of embarrassing for my non industry friends.
I personally don't work on broadway, that was you know, my my dreams and I was a kid but I'm actually more more interested in stuff and actively less interested in broadway um And the type of work that they're doing um then like the big off broadway theaters is really like and often more uh sort of avant garde uh work and the and work on the music scene. Um The thing like the thing with the broadway shows is that they are they are commercial productions um and
so they're big basically corporation for the most part, so especially I feel like recently it's like you know you have the walt Disney company running a bunch of shows you have, there's a lot of what is up, there is a more
sort of commercial blockbuster um type project and um they, you know, there are smaller shows and slash more interesting um work being done, but there's such a lot of money pressure. It's similar to when you think of movies and like a blockbuster, you know that whole summer film versus the more, you know, versus an indie film. Um Yes, there can be great things and less interesting things about either. But you have a general sense of them being to sort of different uh different entities that are boat special in their own way but very difficult for God. And I'd like, I kind of like the smaller ones better.
So
what?
Uh Yeah, me and my, it's a funny story. Um I'm on I've in the same apartment that I've been in since I moved to anymore. I'm on roommate number three right now, all of them amicable parting. Uh they just, you know, either moved on to a different city or, you know, one of them got married, but my current roommate, we actively were friends back in undergrad. Um Well even it was even more like a friend of a friend, we had a mutual connection. Um and then when my lease came up the last time on the previous were made to move back to Minnesota, um she's like, hey, I been needing a change in my life, but I'll go over and so the two of us have ended up living together and it's, it's great because she work doesn't actively work in theater anymore, but she used to work in theater and it's now in a related industry, so we both have an understanding of what each other does without it being the exact same, which is kind of ideal, I think.
well,
I was more suburban type areas
um in the guise
are
you?
No
I was
just wondering are you thinking that you'll stay in that area or are have you been thinking about going somewhere else?
with
Where's the most interesting place or a couple of interesting places that you've been? What's been your favorites?
Uh huh.
Do,
like
Airbnb or
how long all these places that you've been to? So what would now be you're if you said you can you can pick one place to be your next place to go about you, what would that be for you?
I want
to
have money.
Uh I like a really big like host culture
mm Micah you like inherits nothing.
Yeah. And I think especially going to someone, I've not traveled nearly as much as you have but I have been fortunate to have a few trips abroad and I think especially going somewhere specifically that's not gonna, you know the bordering country next door. You know it's not like us and hopping over to Canada but someplace studies what is for you like a foreign culture. It just d centers yourself like everything is not warmed around and you're not women to like how you operate and how you understand things work you have to adapt yourself and go outside of yourself to work in some other structure and another culture. And I think censoring yourself is just a very um vital experience to have.
Why
if you're lucky yeah know that I got very lucky with it too. International trip that was able to take. It's that um I was working on jobs that the project
went and
performed internationally. No, my the big chunk of my travel going to and then getting back that was covered and then I just said, hey, you know, delayed the date of my flight of my return flight to, you know later two weeks later. Um
and then I had my own personal travels around the area. But um you know having having work be able to take that chunk of the cost. Uh you know, uh it's fortunate seem to be able to do um But yeah, no uh opera want me to um well yeah that we can um Amsterdam in the Netherlands and that's how I did western europe and then another opera. Well first we brought there um musicians over from Japan to play in your free and then we want to open their new
in Tokyo and played over there. So my dad just me on south Korea
It's
well from
from the
yeah from new york to Tokyo Was somewhere between I think was around I think 16-18 hours on the way over uh with only 14 hours on the way back because of the way the air currents go.
But it was a very long flight
what
what we
weren't working? Yeah
I
think
yeah, I think at that point when you're going like just about you know halfway around the world it depends on where What your goal is like when you're landing and when you get back to you know because of the Air 11 leg will be on direction is shorter than the other just because if I was the atmosphere work um And then also time wise what will screw with your brain?
Um If you don't mind my asking where did your parents integrate from?
Got it.
No.
Yeah. Well that's wonderful now but who was it was it? Right. It my great grandparents and my mom's sides Immigrated to the us in the early 1900s from Armenia. Um It's not like Armenian uh they came over and very much like started a you know grocery store or the real like inner city like working class thing and have been you know over the generations just trying to set up the next generation a little bit more which is really what enabled me to be able to you know like I'm doing this thing where I'm working in theater in the arts um But yeah you know it's gonna be a combination of left and all that. I was I was adopted um As a as a young is a very young child. No I'm a very big believer in the large roll that luck and champs can play and how and how things play out and to be uh you know cognitive and grateful or or. Uh huh. Mhm.
It is it's very um well the first few weeks are definitely much more immediately tense. Like the first few weeks you are just hearing ambulance sirens literally all day every day. Um And everyone was trying to figure out what was what was going on. Um When I have friends too. Either you know working a good friends, wife works you know in a hospital and you know they have just can I have freezer trucks parked outside of my friends workplace so that they have a place to put the dead bodies um because they don't get you know, inside the building. so that that is, you know, there are lots of things that are very surreal and grim about it um At the same time, there's no like more practical day to day changes. You see all around like a lot of people working from home, there's less traffic on the streets, fewer people taking the subways. Um and you know, just streets and areas of the city that would be, you know, crowded packed with people.
know, become like a ghost town. You know, Times Square is all but deserted, which is which is very all very strange. And and one I think it's specific for people like me, which you talk to a new work city thing and that there are so many
people
who work in theater, there are so many people who work in bars and restaurants um and these are the industries that have been almost completely shut down. Um So then you have all of us folks who are, you know and stuck in and sort of eternal day off, you know, picking the little jobs here and there, but the most part, you know, it varies from person to person, but they're doing well or not so well on anything to pay basis, but having no idea what the future holds for you personally, You need for your life for your career and everything that that that that um Yeah, yeah, but at the same time you go along with you have people with masks on, but people who are also kind of living living their lives at the same time, you know, I know people who have definitely, you know, who have not like I'm doing very seriously on the hospital, I know a couple of people, you know not what people more closely, but people who was passed away from it. Um It's all, it also makes it very cereal when I'm talking to folks outside opening our cellini. Um you know, the effect is not being felt as
immediately
and it almost feels like a dispatch from a different world. Um No, I say, I mean kind of related to what I said at the beginning. It's, you know, you can manage your moment to moment day today right in a way that different than what it used to be, but that make it work right? The entire sense of time and place ah and it's kind of floating when that weird cloud of uncertainty. Um We don't, we don't centuries as much anymore. Things are kind of starting to become let's and the rim um you know, they're starting to level off a little bit. All right. You know, you have the practicality, the number of businesses that have been shut down. It will be the last one to a european. Like maybe they can reopen and that start with this or even like reopened doors to bring now a small number of people are, you know, of the things like that, but anything that's dependent upon large crowds of people, anything that's dependent upon tourist, which is how much what makes didn't run. Um, we're all sitting here going House in 21, 2022 and what we left by then, will I be left by gun. And so, so yeah, a lot of uncertainty, not knowing what we believe we knew and not knowing what the city
um, in the future.
Yeah. I mean, it depends on I think where you are and what you're doing. One of the things that's also very strange. You know, it's there's the geographic disparities between the two, you know, places that are not just hit but we're you know talking difference or looking at my facebook feed and seeing things from people who work in other industries where you know like it's such a pain that I need to work from home or like oh I'm still you know board get you know go out or whatever and well it's you know I have sympathy, it's not easy to have a transition to work for home, especially if your job is not set up for it. Um It's not easy if you know you're trying more from home and your kids are now home from school. Um At the same time it's like it's like watching people who still have a terms of normalcy in their lives um is also very very strange and like watching people live out an entirely different version of life, which
can be both
people
outside the city, but also people in new york city, you know people still working marketing jobs, people still you know working with the other sorts of jobs that have needed to adopt but still have a way of functioning and
that you know, some of the same structure in their lives,
Who?
you won't have a choice. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Yes, it's a a forcible disruption of normal um that you know whether you know for better or for worse, it's seeing forcing us to see what worked and what did not work of what was normal um and having to step away from that, not being able to just keep riding on the momentum of it and be be trapped on the rails. Now that's and hopefully at least you know because we can get whatever silver line between out of it that you know, learn what worked and what didn't work and hopefully take that information with us.
I feel like I had a kind of funny advantage going into this, so I work the theater, I don't work for any specific theater um kind of being by being basis like you're working this time, started commercial mistakes, Black woman's on okay. Um it was very much either you are working and just working, working, working or your between job and you know sometimes especially more recently I would have jobs that are right back to back or you know bump up against each other very closely or even a lap a little bit because they're all contracted with different inspire um when your kids filling your end together, often times you would end up with kira. Okay. You guys, you know, that's how you could, you can't double book yourself, it's not too much. Um, but also you really don't get days off when you work. You know, it's, it's a, it's a police. Um, you're usually working from home at least a little bit on the other day and, and the days ever in for a very long. And so you like, right, I I have two weeks between stops right now and so I had sort of taken my throne when everything took down already. A few different crafts. This is my, my schedule for when I'm not working my job. Um, and then suddenly that became 448 Much more extended time that would be for usually used for. Um, but it was, it was helpful to have that to immediately start with and not have to build that from scratch.
Yeah. Oh, that, yes, not much go
by
all men. The L A L A vibe is so different from new york.
Well,
and it's one of those things where again it's, you know, being in the moment versus and in the middle of slashing the center slash having some distance, you know, everything that we're wearing, it just kind of what we were at, what's out there, Fast forward, 20 years, even 10 years when you look back and you see like, oh that was the look of that time. Um and it's, you know, especially uh inception when you get like costume design and you see for instance, A period piece, you know, it's something that's set in the 1800s, A production of that, that we've been in the 1980s And then you go back at that 20 or so years later and you're seeing like 1830 as that was seen by 1980. Um,
and you just see this, you're able to see the lenses through which were all viewing, viewing this and that you might not, you know, if you're, if you're just in it, you don't always consciously register. Um, but you know, we're all taking in whatever is happening, you know, whatever, whatever is being provided to us, whatever we're eating. And that shoots what when, you know, to use out of what is available to us, just practically and what do to exposure or what have you or where we are in our lives, what we find appealing. And, and it's the it's yeah, it's fascinating to me as well.
I
don't know, it's the timer on the other.
longer than that. What was our start
time was like for, Was it for 30?
That's
what I got in that. Like I think Arthur
on the dot cut.
Right. It happened
like actor
conversation.
So what?
let me, um, All right. Well, I think my time I might be going correctly. Mine says, uh, it's 49 minutes and counting up from that.
I know that, that is definitely from. Let me take a little, taking a little video of my green and the counter right now.
they're playing 50 and now I'm going back to the tab where we are still talking and then back to the timer.
We just hit 55 0. Yeah.
No.
Um, no. If it's your timer tracks from stuff we joined, you're getting into each other um, when your conversation is complete, please return to this browser tab to continue participation. And there's a little arrow button
at the bottom, so I think it's clicking the little next arrow to go on to the next stage of it.
Yeah. Like talking to your doctor.
All right. Alicia.
Bless you.
Well, thank you as well.
you as well. Good day.