Hi
Amanda
to meet you.
Uh Pittsburgh pennsylvania,
you have
quite the man naturally behind you. Oh,
need to do that.
Yeah, Do you? Um my work is really busy, so it keeps me doing what I want to do sometimes.
luckily I was already from home person, so
it really does. I'm very grateful that my job, let's do that.
no,
yeah, my main company is based in Maryland, so I'm just work from home forever.
not
How about you?
big
change.
I am very on the side of do not go back.
yep, I hate that a lot. Actually, I work for an education company. Um so we work with higher ed stuff, um but actually just had a meeting with one of the ceos of a school district in Maryland. Um we're kind of working with them to help them with online learning for their districts. So I don't know, I hope, I hope we can move to that, I know it's not easy to teach online, but like I don't see the other option as an alternative right now, it's just too dangerous.
Mhm. What's your subject?
wow,
I really love that, my school never had anything like that, that's a great idea for a class.
it's an extremely practical skill, look
at that,
yeah, absolutely.
Oh God, that's awful,
Right, that's
terrible,
Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Absolutely,
no, it's usually confining to have two, I totally get that, yeah,
you
even keep them like this enough in the classroom, that just doesn't,
absolutely, I have terrible memories of that,
that
might
work better
because
we can see that
I
was an overweight child, so I always got the seat because no one wanted to sit next to me because I was bigger, so
I was like, I kind of, it's kind of a good thing in that way, I
never
got
squished,
Yeah, that's smart,
yep, yep, yep, totally,
yeah, that's the best part, yeah,
absolutely,
it really was,
yeah, it really is, I think the older you get, the more terrifying things like that are because you're very aware of what could go wrong, but when you're a child that's less scary, I
think,
absolutely,
quickly,
right, like you were talking
about roller coasters when I was a kid was like, yeah, this is amazing and I'm like I still love them a lot, but I know my own mortality, I'm like I could die, this is terrifying, but also awesome, yep.
yeah, no, I can't do it, need a, need a drink, you need a little sit down,
Actually
my my husband is the bag watcher because I get dizzy, you know um on anything really? So
I am very lucky in that way, I have like a theme park husband, they can just kill my stuff here and
yeah. You know, I really love him using bars, I'm not quite there yet, I'm sure it will be. Yeah.
totally
in that capacity. Absolutely, yeah, that would be like
You
know, you should have done that.
I was pure pressured teenagers. Yeah. To like field trips, would you go to like Disney or, wow, that's
so
Stop
good.
that's
Oh my God, I love that. Yeah.
Right,
Very nice.
All right. What?
It's
That's awesome.
No
I mostly been like I went grocery shopping a few times but usually my husband does that like we haven't really done anything at all.
No
nope. Yeah.
Yeah it's um they were open and then we went really really high in terms of cases we were actually doing super well um for a while and then they said you know now we can be in public but still like us and then people are like fuck that I'm gonna go ahead and just you know get all close and personal with people and now it's back to being really restricted.
Yeah. I was trying not to cringe when you said you were from florida, I'm like oh no oh no. Yeah.
nope,
it's extremely clear where the priorities are.
Right, it's bonkers.
No.
At
least maybe more.
Right. That's wild.
I could never yeah
and then what do they do from the time they get to the school because when your classroom open?
but what about the kids to get on the bus at four am they get to school at 4 30? How far away could possibly be?
They literally just sit on the wait, I don't understand
but not everyone because that's only 10 people.
But if you were
one of the four a.m. Kids and you pick up your 10 people,
let's hold open, you just have to sit outside and we that has freaking bonkers. I cannot.
Parkland.
Singing.
that's wild.
When does your school start?
Got it. So you're just like preparing
fine.
That's insane.
No.
That's insane.
Of course they are
mm. Our school systems so fuck yeah,
extremely
disheartening.
Why?
That's insane.
My
life.
What
and what? It? Yeah.
Wild.
I mean the way we work with universities um further online courses are to um have them pre recorded most of the content that is like set and soon you know um
just basic content, and then they have uh weekly
live session where everyone gathers together and discusses everything they learned over the week. Um
and I think that models like really well received by students because the students are adults
Taking
right exactly, so they can fit in these little, you know, 15 minute videos wherever they can in their lives and then um destroying one weekly set time thing. Yeah.
Never
Amazing.
and
then
is
that like paid for you, do you have to take that time off?
Okay, that's
good.
Five,
Why?
Right, I was going
to bring that up too,
yeah, you see, yeah, I do not envy you at all.
bye
Not
that's wild. Good luck. I don't even know what to say. Oh
honestly,
I'm not sure, I don't even know if they're sure um Yeah
um
Well
I'm not going to do that until there's a vaccine.
Great question. I probably to see family actually, my sister was in California, so
I don't know when I'll be able to syria and like really messed up. Yeah. What
about
you to California?
Only a week? You sound like my husband. That's
It's
a weekend on a week back like? No, thank you. Yeah
What are you gonna see?
now
gotta
so any anyone I know in it, do you think? Okay.
That's
pretty
great.
Wing manning.
Okay cool. Let's look for that.
It's
good to
meet you.
You
too?