Hello.
So
I'm Richard. Hi, I'm
Orlando.
Hello. East Coast. Yeah.
So,
you. Yes, I did a lot of tightening up and reorganizing this summer. Okay.
Yeah, we had nothing else to do.
Yeah. So you've been working from home during a lot of this? Okay.
Okay. That worked out.
Mhm And now things are starting to change. Are you going to be going into office are still stay
home?
So you get to be a remote person all the time already? So
this was not a transition then for you. Okay. So for, you know, change besides like outside time. Okay,
school teacher. Yeah. So they
change.
Yes. And now the whole debate of go back, don't go back is going all across.
Yes. But the people who don't have Children in the school systems are saying go back.
correct. Well, there's so many different versions of online you have online, go whenever you want online, meet at a specific time and watch me talk, which they said lecturing is not good for kids for an hour, but yeah, that's what they want us to do.
Oh, so the courses I'm into this whole studies department Um and I've done history for about 18, 19 years. Alright,
so last year I started a new course called leadership skills, which was pretty much um to teach humanity to the kids. Um It's mostly freshman how to adapt to high school, how to deal with the pressures, stress, temper. Um get along, work together in groups. So although I was not a like a history class, all my materials that I did was to try to get them prepped for working with each other, how to read stuff, so it's like a prehistory type thing.
Yeah, it was. And which sucks is that it was actually a very hands on active class, probably. You did physical things, you moved around. There was hardly any notes. There really weren't any test. Like one of the things I did was how to publicly how to talk to each other with active listening and not we're rate roll your eyes how to have a conversation, how to pretend that you're interested in someone to talk without to be really guys, there's gonna be teachers that are going to talk to you and you don't care.
look at them.
Don't roll your eyes at them. Don't turn away just uh huh. And then that's it. It'll save you a lot better later on. Um
and we're great. Some of these kids were very introverted, so this class helped them grow, but then I lost them when we all went home. Only the kids just like bounced back. I had kids disappear from online world. Um some of the things that created, I was trying to, you know, they were stuck at home. Some of my assignments were um, contact someone that you have not seen and have a conversation with them, check up on them. Um, watch these videos of roller coasters because their teams roller go through the virtual world. Would you write it? Would you be objective was so that they have something to talk about With people since there's nothing else going on in the world and I lost maybe 75% of the kids.
It was like all that down.
And
so Now where we're at one, my work time is 6:50 AM. Exactly. And because the CDC said, kids show up to school, grab their breakfast and then go to the classroom. I'm babysitting for a half hour, so I'm sitting there for a half hour doing absolutely nothing while kids come in, sit there with masks. Because now before it was, they don't have to wear masks. Now this past week, you have to wear a mask. So I'm thinking would have to wear a mask. We're going to lose more kids.
I mean, at least you with your job, you're not wearing a mask all day long.
Yeah, I mean I've been able to do it like going out in public or going somewhere. I can sit still quietly for like two hours. That's not that big of a deal. You want me to tap dance for eight hours? Um now and then they're teenagers, they're going to want to interact. I
mean,
So CDC said six ft apart is ideal. We can't do six ft apart. We're not down to four ft just because of spacing. Amazing how their recommendations changed. Well, you don't really need 6, 4 will do fine. Okay. Um buses, buses should be one kid per seat every other seat. Have you seen school buses on a normal year? They like shut a million kids into one bus.
Oh yeah, the trauma sitting on other people. Were you ever that
third
person
who
like just
you're in?
I'll
And
I
always
waited
for the truth theater in the back.
That's right. We're going to see the hours. You could get that somebody
yeah, in the back where the bumps were.
Well please,
everybody would do that. Um And also you were the first one out for the back of the bus fire drill and that's a long drop.
I don't know, I vaguely remember, but just like, I'm just thinking now that bar jump.
well
I freak out over the ladders now, just like going down the line. Like I'm gonna miss this down, I'm gonna miss us.
But when you were younger, jumpy, I'll jump off the roof. No
big deal
that
Okay, going back to our childhood roller coaster multiple. You guys want to go again. Yeah. Now if you want to go get I'm good.
Yeah, you go ahead. I'll watch the bags were another bag watchers
and no.
In it
back would you use him as I want to just keep him company? You guys go ahead.
I sacrificed myself sometimes for all the little kids and stuff. I'm like whenever I used to do field trips like roller coaster with us. Now I'll watch your bags, you
guys go,
I will not ride with because it's horrible if you bounce back to your pure pressure years, you got a million kids saying, come on like, well maybe I could and then you you feel it, but you can't show that you feel it when you get home and then all you, your spouse just says, I told you, I
told you,
yeah, you shouldn't have done it. And then everyone at work is like, why do you do that? Like I got to.
did
the theme parks. Um Now that hasn't stopped even prior to this because they realized, wait, if we live in a theme park area, don't most of these families also work for theme parks, so don't they get in already? So the whole point was not educational, don't go. And I I
was really good at manipulating the education system with that.
Okay, like, oh, field trip, we're going to study momentum, right? We're going to see how gravity works.
I've learned your hands based on these clues. What's the next right to go to.
But yeah, I always meant playthings um like in my class for example, um I actually did a movie day because we're not supposed to show movies because their educational um I
did inside out the Disney movie about your personality. Yes.
My co workers who are the pure history would simply say, why are you showing the movies all day? Because I can
thank you. It was you
is that your classes bit? I'm like, I don't care, I'm getting paid the same as you. Yeah.
So that was fun. Have you ventured out into the outside world or have you been a good girl?
Because I
social world.
Opening your area movies Bronx.
That's why.
So let's review in your state, In your state your numbers went up and then you shut down florida. I don't know if you've heard of the world are numbers have gone up and we've opened up more.
we've opened up the doors more numbers keep going higher. So let's open up more. Yeah. So let's review people, we want to, you know, close certain government things like our governor's office
was closed. Well let's open the schools. Mhm.
Yes restaurants and entertainment can be opened up at half capacity but schools need to be full capacity.
Yeah. Um and they even said that the buses can't be done like there's you know 10 kids for bus, it's just not plausible for
financial or for schedules. Then they even tried, let's do appointments for buses. So you're going to pick your time for those 10 spots to pick you up, drive back, drop the kids off, come back and get you for the second round that's still double dipping the buses
and
and those buses are huge. So the amount of gas money that will be used, it's ridiculous. I mean they did a study an estimate and said that with the buses, if you went and did that routine by the time you dropped the last kid off it's gonna be time to pick up the first kid to break off.
So with our world, with us starting now at 6:50 AM for the kids The first bus picks up in the 4:00 hour. I mean being a kid being out at the street for four. a.m.
I mean at that point you just think about, you know as a parent, I can't subject my kids at four. a.m. If
so they're on the bus from four AM to 6 50 or when the bus arrives doors open to this campus at 6 50 they say that they're going to then do the temperature checks and all that kind of stuff. But they're doing temperature checks going on the bus as well. Somehow you're gonna get a fever from bus to school. Uh huh.
they're on the bus for two hours
driving around picking up everybody
correct? But depends on what time your appointments are.
So
correct. Then you go to the school and then you sit there on campus and wait until.
but that's okay too. So we're going to have these kids sit outside and wait until the campus opens. Because we also have the other issue of we can't open campus too early because of a different rule that was passed a couple years ago when we have all the high school shootings. So we had, this is in florida
cannot open 30 minutes prior. We used to open an hour prior. So
now it's 30 minutes prior and school must close right when the bell rings, so bell rings at 2 22 close, you push everybody out and then we close off campus. So no after school activities, unless it's specific. So
like if I want to do something after school, it has to be an organized thing, not just the kids, you know, hanging out, we just push out and we will push them out into the street outside the metal gates. So
the year. So I go back in two weeks. The students go back at the end of august,
yeah. So I
was supposed to start next week originally. Then they realize, okay, let's change things up. So we have some other, we call for regular teachers, other people are figuring stuff out that we have two weeks of, We don't know what they say, it's prep, but what does prep means? We don't know. Uh, so no idea what, you know, we should have been cleaning. Like I had tables in my room because of my type of activity and I got to have desks or will they? Which I should I understand that. But well, I'll be the one having to find the desks which has happened. So,
Oh yeah. When I originally got here with the job, I had regular desks. Then I got the job,
the position and fortunately a colleague of mine, just a couple doors down had tables. He inherited the room. So I was like, do you want to switch? Like, yeah, I hate the table. It's like, cool. That was easy for me. But I had to be the one moving in.
And those school deaths are heavy. They
get heavy.
but
don't.
Well, our options for the teachers are um, go into the office and teach live, go into the office and some classes live some classes video and then go into the classes and do all video all day. There are no options for anyone to stay home. If
you want to go home, you have to take a leave of absence for the year, which is no pay for the year.
Yeah. Um, but I have a few colleagues to their school said you stay at home, don't come to the office. My site is saying come into the office. Um, then here's the more thing because you work in education world so you can understand this. This is their proposal. So you're gonna teach our live
class,
but you're gonna videotape live streaming your class at the same time, the home kids are going to show up at seven o'clock in the morning, log in. You're gonna make sure that they're there um conductor like class as if they were physically there as well. Last time I checked a laptop computers, camera is one direction. So how am I supposed to bidding out of the whole class next? What about these student privacy issues that we were also concerned about for a long time? Yeah. How do I know? But then if the kid doesn't log in at seven, that's OK because you've also videotaped or recorded
your session so they can just log in after school.
If that's the case, why don't I just do a prerecorded thing and just post that? Yeah.
Orders proposal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All
right. They're choosing it.
was a proposal that one county made, one school district made and it was rejected because the kids should be there every day because the parents need to go to work. Which goes back to our economic issues. All right. So it goes to school. They don't get their kids never get sick.
Never. Um Then they go home and then their families get sick and now their families can't work, but that's okay. Um supposedly if a teacher or classroom about six, so if I had a kid about sick um And it was known then two week quarantine for myself and the kids, all my students 150 kids. However, it's not just my kids, it was also whoever they interact
with as well. So the teacher be technically speaking teacher be also gets knocked out and all their, that's the whole school still. Yeah.
So
that
map.
So
if
if it's quarantine you get uh I'm gonna say two weeks off. Um you're working from home for two weeks. But
um if you've got to take care of somebody, you only get two thirds of your pay right well, but you're not using any of your personal sickness. That's the trade off. Uh huh. For me, I've already planned out that my lessons are preparing to go home. I'm just prepping for that. So I'm going to try my best to do non physical paperwork. Um do stuff on your phones and the submitted through that program on the uh that's provided teams, which you just hate. It crashed so many times when this happened. But they wanted to live livestream routines. It crashed with logging in. We're not allowed to use zoom.
Uh, it's not a part of our contract. You're familiar with contracts when two places. Yeah. So like we have um, we did one, which was really ridiculous. So do we buy ipads for all the kids to you?
But
we did a study. We pay the company to study the effects of the ipads. It would be, you know, financially doable study came out. Yes, it is doable to do that problem. We spent most of the money to do the study.
So let's review guys. You see, we want to buy ipads, everybody's already in that budget to do a study to find out if ipads are, you know effective, how much will we lose instead of just buying
the ipads? So we lost the iPads. And because of our contract, each iPad ready to have a heart attack is about
$500. Because of who our contract is. 500 bucks for an iPad. Which we all know I have to not $500. You don't need a $500 iPad for kids. Yes,
it's interesting. Um What is Maryland doing with their kids? I know it's in the news, you know you're not in the classroom, are they postponing
or are they staying?
wow.
Women of your governor? Shut down the state. I'm
gonna probably I've had other people who I know from other states and almost every state is doing the no live start off online florida is like one of the few letters saying you must have life. Um Now when you're I guess restrictions go up. Do you plan on venturing out into the world?
What would be your first stop? Food? Entertainment.
Okay. Travel that. Okay.
No
rope.
It's only a week.
I've been before. It's a week. It's a painful week but
it's a week.
For us it once I mean our movies are open like I got a movie after we finish here. I'm going to movies.
Um It's a it's a it's an artsy films called Summerland New movie. Really rare right now. So it's about World War One in England where this single um spinster you want to call her that has to take in a child because of the war is having to evacuate London and as for who had a rough younger life and hates people now is forced to take this kid on and he's like I don't know what to do. So she starts softening up and they become their own family and then she finds out
that his family did die. So now she's got to decide do I keep him or not.
So
Nobody I know. Yeah but I did see one cute movie last week, it's called You're Such a Nice girl and it's a comedy scars, lucy hale. She's from Pretty Little liars. You saw that? Um She produced it too. So it's about a good girl who is now trying to become the bad girl. She's like all these guys are like you're just too good of a girl, it's gonna be a bad girl now. And so she's the list of things that a bad girl would do and it's like messing up like I'm going to go to a strip club and she goes to a strip club and she's taking notes during the strip club.
I'm
like
really right? And she's there with a guy friend of hers and he's just like don't talk to me, you don't know me. So yeah it's a it's a comedy. And then one of her friends is an older woman. It's um two D. From facts of yeah from facts of life. She's in it and she's just like all into like wild wildness and everything. So like she the lucy hale is talking to this one guy and uh facts of life. She knows that she likes it so she's just standing there going I have no reason to walk away but I'm going to walk away so you guys can talk. But she just so it's
a funny movie.
Yeah. All right. Looks like we're good on our time.
Do we make
it
pleasure
enjoy your lockdown.
Bye.