Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Okay. Mhm Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yes. Stop it. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Oh my God folks, Yeah. People over there. Mhm. Not a word. I was like, yeah, thank you. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Probably. Okay. Mhm. Well um
yeah, I'm good. How are you?
to meet you. I'm Nila.
are you from like the East Coast?
Yeah, at 6:00 here I usually have been getting people from around this area. Yeah.
never
mind.
Yeah, I've done it like a couple of times.
there was the last person. It was so freaky. They were from this almost the same county as me
and literally everything we had was in common. Like we had the same hobbies, everything like same hiking trails like.
Um Probably not. Thank
you.
Yes. Oh, I still have the iPhone seven.
So how has your day been going?
Oh I see.
So I I had an exam and that's about it.
Yeah. I didn't even find out about until like a few months after Covid happened. I was like bored sitting at home.
Oh that's a lie.
Yeah, I don't do it either.
whenever they say 20 minutes and I'm just like it takes longer than 20 minutes.
I really
like
it when I when I get games.
sorry. I said I really like it when I get games.
Aren't studying pharmacy.
I go to Shenandoah University. I like I go to the Fairfax campus like right now I'm just like a sitting at home. Yeah.
I mean I have the option of going back to class like in person, but like they said it's totally fine if you stay at home continue. Okay.
Like
that.
Little
Where is that
what Connecticut? Okay.
I haven't
been that far north. Yeah.
Maryland, Maryland Virginia. Pretty close to each other.
I haven't been there either. Like I've only been to like the Maryland beaches and most of florida beaches.
Like I used to live there so.
Whole
place.
That's cool.
no.
yeah. It's a lot of fun. I haven't been there recently. Wait,
just can't have, it feels like i
it feels like it's been also far away just sitting at home. Like I can barely forever going out anywhere
with the
money.
On
the left here.
Yeah. I think like when I just initially started, that's when I just returned back from traveling and then everything was like wild.
No.
I think I have heard about it going on before, but then I wasn't I didn't think it was like serious enough because it hadn't hit the US yet.
Well.
Yeah. I think um when I got back from traveling, like my boss actually texted me the day, she like tried to call me, but I was like passed out from the flight. She was like um so can you not come to work for like two weeks because you were just went traveling in this coronavirus thing hit.
So
um I went to L. A. So like she was like you went to a really big airport, I'm concerned about the safety of everyone else, Can you stay home? And I was like sure that's fine with me. And then and then after that things got so serious like my parents didn't want me going to work, I'm
putting myself at risk.
Um Just like traveling with friends. Like we went to Disney, we went to the beach. Just try different food places.
yeah, it was like my first time actually going to the west Coast but it was like a lot of fun
um Just in that area because like we were only there for like maybe five days and we wanted to do everything.
so like
we
had
one day be this area the other day be the other area, like just kind of try to do as much as possible.
Um So one of the days we actually went hiked up the Hollywood sign and then I don't know how things got so dark and cold so quickly and we were one of the last people there and we were trying to get to our parking lot before it closed.
Yeah. It's very long. Like I think the only reason it was really long for us because we had a friend who just took pictures everywhere. Yeah.
And then I think when we got to the top we were just like talking to other people there that also added quite a bit of time, more pictures than yeah, by the time we got back it was like too dark to see on your own so you have to pull out your phone.
I actually have like I actually had an opportunity to go one time but like I had some some type of exam or something I couldn't schedule so I missed the whole week to go traveling.
Maybe.
Oh, that's cool.
No, I don't think so.
I think nowadays they don't do that anymore.
I
feel
like,
yeah, I think ran like one time I was like delayed for a flight, the plane was right about to leave, but then they like, like kind of contacted them to like wait for us as like last minute people.
they
actually did. That was like surprised because um because like the next flight would have been like a day later or something, like
an international place, so
by
the way.
no.
Oh yeah, I did that too after my hike.
I
Um So we also went to, there's a call, I think Universal Studios
went
I, you know, Yeah, yeah, we did that. And then I think another day we did like a day where we like build our own nail polish color thing.
Yeah, I think I really liked my color but like my friend was kind of pissed about hers,
so
they have a bunch of different colors and you pick what kind of like shade of blue or like green or like anything like that if you want glitter or we're like and then you even get to pick the name of the nail polish to. Yeah,
I honestly don't remember. It's like too big. Yeah.
I don't remember
honestly, I don't remember. It's back in March, but like it was so full, feels so far away. Yeah.
that's good to know,
Um So honestly I haven't been traveling much. I'm just trying to go actually. I think my friends initially planned on going to Hawaii over the summer, but then that didn't happen. Yeah.
For the
year before.
That's what you
want.
Put it out.
wow.
Yeah. Oh look at
that.
Uh huh.
They
have it and
I've had it a couple times in Disney.
I actually didn't really want to go to Disney. I think I went last year with friends but they insisted on going. So I just went with them. I'm actually, since I lived in florida, I've actually gone like a couple of times like as part of like weekend trips since it wasn't like super far away.
What?
I think it really helps if you like actually live there. Then your prices are like reduced by a lot.
Since I just went to L. A. Like in March, that's the last time I went to Universal.
I was
like my
first
choice.
No, no. I said it was my first choice.
now.
It's
Like even when I went in the bathroom, it was a surprise. Like I heard moaning whirl.
like I wasn't expecting that.
So I think it was like I was able to do all of the park in just one day.
Yeah. And then I just came back to harry potter world.
Um I don't remember seeing that there.
I
think
I
might have had it there, but actually there's a reason why I didn't get the beer there because like my friends every night we'd be drinking like sold you and then it would just go bad from there.
Yeah, like um like we would get back to our room like late at night and then my friend was like okay let's drink and immediately after drinking a bottle, like I feel sleepy, Like I was already tired that day, then walked around everywhere and then we got home at like three and this girl wants to drink.
I think we've
done. Yeah.
It was nice to meet you too.
Thanks you too.
II