the going
pretty good. Uh I guess we gotta drink for 25 minutes. Huh? I'm chris nice to meet you.
Um I don't I don't want to like cross the line and get like two personal. That's like where you're from or whatever so that might be come up.
Mhm. Yeah. Let's go with that. I figured I mean 6:00.
I didn't get somebody the first time. So um I got like the 150 bonus or whatever and then I was like you have to like wait or whatever right? Like for five minutes before somebody got warm and I waited I think I waited like eight or 10 minutes before they came on and nobody came on. So I was like oh man.
But
is it so you've done this one before? You've done this study before?
That's cool. Yeah. Have you found like good conversation partners? That's good.
Know what?
Oh that's so funny. It would be funny if you like saw them out somewhere.
Well, I
just got a new iphone
Nice. Yeah, I'm upgrading from a six. Yeah,
it's really good. I've been waiting all day for this phone. I'm like checking the the ups thing like all day Because my my iPhone six was like on its last leg. So
yeah, so I mean other than that, it's pretty good. I did uh self review for work today. It's about the only thing I did today for work, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, cool. Nice. Certain school. Nice. Yeah, prolific is definitely a good way for like college students to make some extra cash.
I've been using prolific for like two years probably.
Yeah. I just didn't like random moments. I have a couple minutes. And if if I see something that's like, you know, you know, it says like the hourly rate or whatever, if I see it's below minimum wage, I just don't do it because it's like
Yeah, because um I don't know, it's just like not really worth the time. Like you see one for like 20 minutes and it's like $5 an hour. It's like I'm not doing that one. It's
Yeah, some of them though, like if it says like six minutes, usually you're done with those ones like faster and
you wouldn't think
that.
Okay, Sorry, I missed what you said, what you said.
Yeah, those are fun. You know like the gambling games and stuff. Yeah, those are cool. So what are you what are you studying,
Carson? Cool. Cool. I went to school for english and journalism and now I don't work in either of those industries really. I mean you do something related to my major, I'm an Internet communications manager, but uh I work for a Biosciences company, so that's cool. Yeah. But uh I mean if you don't mind telling me what school you go to.
aren't we all?
I can go back to my office too, but I just don't
see
the point do everything that I do on a regular basis from home. So it's just kind of like why bother my brother's in college though, he goes
to quinnipiac. Okay,
it's like Connecticut.
Yeah, I think
it.
Yeah, I went to Rutgers, so New Jersey. Okay, so you're you're in like Virginia area?
Yeah. Yeah, you were head of like Virginia beach. Never been there, but I've been to like the outer banks, like driven through Virginia beach, baby rash.
Not that far.
Oh cool. Nice. Yeah, my one of my ancestors in florida, so I've been down there a bunch. She wasn't like uh the Sarasota area I think. Um and I have two bodies. One of my friends actually is the, he's like the
solar
plant manager for Disney, which is pretty cool.
Yeah, he like, he's snapchats all the time, like uh solar panels and stuff from the Disney like solar farm or whatever. And today he was like swapping the mountain stuff is pretty cool and he definitely makes like a killing during that, which is for him, that's
not not everybody's cup of tea, his like solar stuff. He started out as an electrician and I don't know how you got in the solar actually, but eventually ended up there, which is cool. Therefore it is fun.
Him.
We should.
Yeah, it does, it feels like, you know
like
three weeks have been the span of a year and a year has been the span of like three weeks. You know? It's so weird. So weird. Like with all the lockdowns and everything at least up here, I mean in March and april we were literally not doing anything except like
staying
at home and like watching movies and stuff and you can only do that for so long before. Like I could do something like, man.
Yeah, it's funny. It seems like a lot of people had like just come back from traveling too, because one of my friends was, I guess like, up here, the lockdown Started like March 14 or 16th or something. And one of my friends had just been in Savannah for the ST Patrick's Day celebrations there. And then like, um and like I had a party at my house actually the same weekend and people were saying like, I don't know if I want to come, like, but this coronavirus thing, and I'm like, what are you talking about? I and it's weird because like, I hadn't been working since december. Like, I was out of a job from, from november the end of the mid november, and in november some like that through Through March nine actually, but I I got hired for a job in January, I just didn't
start until March. And uh, I had been like sitting at home, so like, I would read the news pretty often and I'm even in March, I was like, what is coronavirus? And what are you talking about? My cousin? I was like, dude, I really don't know if I should come, like, it seems like it's getting bad with this virus. Them like, what? And
yeah, yeah, it like kind of just exploded like the day after The like 14th or whatever that was. And then all of a sudden everything was like shut down. I was I was in person for my job for a week before everyone got sent home. So that was interesting. I met my boss and that's about it. So
I've had virtually with everyone which has been in interesting um to say the least. But now I'm like pretty used to just like waking up and grabbing my computer instead of having to you know wake up and take a shower and all that kind of stuff. So It's pretty nice to just like be able to stay in my bed until like 10:00.
Where
were you traveling?
What
did uh what were you doing in L. A.
Funny L. A. Is like one of my favorite places, the west coast in general. I just love the west coast,
Yeah. Just A. And anywhere else or not.
Yeah. It's hard because L. A. Is like super spread out. That's
the
one
thing.
Yeah. We're some of those things that the things that you did.
Like they close the gate. That's it, that's it. It's not like a hard hike but it's long.
that's funny,
It's an experience that the first time I ever went to the west Coast it was, I graduated college and me, my cousin and one of our friends, we went to san Francisco And rented a car and drove over the course of 10 days all the way down the coast on Highway one and stopped at a bunch of different cities and stuff. Um So that was pretty cool. San Francisco is just like awesome. I love that there.
that's all right. You might get an opportunity to go.
You should, it's awesome. San Francisco's is great. It's not like L. A. Where like everything is so spread out right? You could, I mean I think the first two days we were there were proven to walk around the whole city which was cool.
Yeah and like the Golden Gate Bridge is just awesome. It's funny that you mentioned hiking in the dark because a couple years ago I went to the Grand Canyon by myself if I wanted to hike the whole thing in one day because I had a really limited time Arizona, I was only there for a few days because I was there for work. So it's an extra day or two off. I got a hotel in like the Grand Canyon area, rented a car, drove up there from Tempe. And then I hiked the entire, well not the whole Grand Canyon obviously, but like the two main trails on the south rim. And I, I like I wanted to start at like seven a.m. But the the like rangers office or whatever was closed. And I needed a map because there was going down those trails without a map. Like I probably could have managed it and there was enough like people around uh on the trails or whatever that I probably could have been like, which way do I go? And their signs and stuff too. But um, I didn't want to do with that map. So I was like, all right, well I guess I gotta wait for the office open and then when the office opened, I didn't realize they were going to be doing like, like you can still get arrested. It's really hard to get a reservation in national parks. Right, okay. To sleep in a cabin or whatever, Like there's cabins down in the bottom of the Great so what they have, like, you never ever fly on standby or like, you know what that is.
So basically it's not as common now, but like back in the day, people used to go to the airport and like go through security and go wait at the, at the terminal and see if there were empty seats on a flight. And that's, that's like called flying standby. You just until
it
would
be
really hard to do. I don't even know if they would let you into the terminal without having a ticket. I'm not even sure. But
wow, that's nice. Usually they'll just go, but that
is true.
source.
Yeah. Um but yeah, so that's what they were doing in the office for like the cabins down inside the canyon. And I was, I was like, you have to take a number right? Like if
you're
getting served at like a, like a deli counter or something. And I was staying there, I'm like, oh my God, I just need a freaking map. Like I don't want to wait here. I'm like number 12 or something like that for like an hour just to get a map. So finally I just went up to the, when I was like, listen, I just need a map. I'm not trying to go like camp or anything tonight. I've just seen a map. He's like, oh here we go. I'm like, I'm an idiot. I should have just done that immediately. So I didn't even get on the trail until like 9:00. and then when I got to the trail, I get to the top of the trail, gets the tribe and there's like a huge crowd of people at the top just kind of like looking and they all look pretty concerned about something. And I was just like, why isn't anybody going down? Like, I don't know, it's just weird. So then I started walking towards the where the trail actually starts and people are like, oh you gotta wait, you gotta wait. They're they're bringing somebody up. So I'm like, all right, well this sucks. And I'm getting really late start. So I had to wait like another half an hour because somebody had gone like, I don't know, half a mile down the trailer, a mile down the trail and at about of altitude sickness because it's like, it's like a mile up I think, or like higher than that. And so I had to wait for the medics like wheelbarrow, this guy out of the canyon. And then I started down the trail, So I didn't even get started like 9:30. And then um I thought I was making pretty good time, right? But I it's like 18.5 miles or something like that all the way around. And I really didn't do any preparation for this, like I'm like in pretty good shape like exercise, but I got probably like three quarters of the way through and I was like you better hurry up dude, or you're gonna be sleeping in the Grand Canyon tonight, like on a bench or on the trail. So it turned out that like I had like a mile and a half to go and and it was like starting to rain and it was like super dark because the sun obviously sets earlier in March. I was there in March and uh I found these french guys, these guys didn't speak like a lick of english and and we were like trying to communicate and I'm like listen like I just want to walk with somebody and they were like saying the same thing, but it was hard to tell. Obviously they didn't know a lot of english I didn't want. And these guys like, you know, I'm wearing like hiking boots and my north face jacket and like, you know, I'm like, I'm like geared out for this thing. These guys are wearing like leather jackets and like tennis shoes and jeans and like they didn't come prepared for this either. So finally we it's like I didn't make it out of the canyon Until like after 9:00. And um we got to the top and as soon as we got to the top, I mean it's like pitch black, it's like raining. The only lights are like a few streetlights and french guys just go like it's really screaming at the top of the canyon.
So I just like gave him a big hug and like we made it guys, we made it and then you know the only thing I had really eaten that day, it was like electrolyte pills, um trail mix and beef jerky. Like I didn't have like a sandwich or anything. So then I went to a mexican restaurant and had like a humongous meal afterwards.
You
gotta, you gotta eat afterwards. Yeah, I mean it's 18 miles. It's like it's almost a marathon. So that's cool. What did you do in L. A.
I'll call. Nice. You like
this video tour?
That's cool.
Oh no. How do you have to do that? Like what did you have to do for
it?
That's cool. Was where what part of the city was that? It was? I didn't like venice or something.
you go to Venezuela?
Sure you remember it's like a big boardwalk basically next to the beach.
she was like years and years ago. Yeah. That's cool. L. Is fun. West coast, west coast ribs. I've been to san Diego. To san Diego is really nice. San Diego is like a different all three of the major cities in California. Like super different vibes like san Francisco, they're all laid back. But san Francisco is more of like uh I think it has a little more energy maybe then like southern California and then uh L. A. Is like super chill and kind of like hipster ish different kind of has a hip survived too but it's a little bit different. And then san Diego is just like beach bums, like everyone's channel and everyone's relaxing. Like SAN Diego is a really nice city. I would definitely recommend adding that to the list. Yeah.
Where else have you traveled like recently? Where do you like to travel in general?
I've been to Hawaii High school. I went with my family actually, I was like um yeah, So it was 2016, I was like 25 when I'm with my family, hawaii is amazing. I would recommend Hawaii to anybody. It's like, it doesn't even feel like you're in the United States. I guess you're kind of almost not besides the fact that it's a state but it is just a totally different world. It's awesome. I was there, I was there in like april I think
In
2016 there's just so much stuff to do. Like we went snorkeling in a volcanic crater which was awesome. Um
We
went to like we took a bus tour around the whole,
I don't know what who we went to luau which was really cool. Um Kind
of corny too because like my parents booked this trip through Costco. Yeah you know it was like it wasn't like a real locals luau or anything like that, but it's so cool. Um stayed in Waikiki uh so that's like the main like tourist area
and
um let's see what else could I do there, We went to um some kind of like temple and then we also went to um the Dole Pineapple Farm which that was really cool, that was awesome. And uh
have you had or heard of dole whip? It was so good, delicious. This
is
concert.
Oh they have it there, that's cool. Yeah, I haven't been to Disney since I was like four years old. Yeah.
It's like it's not cheap though. That's the one thing about Disney, like it's not cheap. The last
theme park I went to is universal in florida. Which is cool because like the harry potter part of Universal, it's just awesome.
Resident prices or whatever. Yeah. That's cool. Have you been a Universal recently? I mean like in the last couple of years, Yeah.
Did you go to the wizarding world out there? Isn't
it?
Isn't
it awesome?
No, you're not a harry potter fan.
Oh I thought you said it wasn't isn't
it awesome? It's like
it's like it's real like you feel really there. Yeah.
Morning. Morning. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah the details are very in depth. Yeah,
that sounds about right. I mean
yeah, but er beer, I think they serve real beer there too, I think, I don't know if you're 21 but
I'm pretty sure in the Florida one that that we drank beers there. I might be wrong.
I
know
you're
hangovers.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's tough when you're like out and about all day and doing stuff for sure. Yeah you get like you got to get like that second wind. You gotta wait until like seven o'clock eight o'clock. All right. Well I think we've been talking
for
Yeah. Alright cool. It was nice to meet you
and abuse. Stay safe and enjoy your time at home and do good in college and all that.
All right. Have a good one.