SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you today?
SPEAKER_L: read? My name is Lauren.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I M T. And I see you're outside.
SPEAKER_L: I am outside it. It's really nice outside. It's been so hot so I wanted to take advantage of the slightly cooler weather.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's nice. What part of the country are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm located in Colorado in the Denver area. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Uh yeah, I'm in Oklahoma, we used to live in Wyoming. So I know you have to kind of take advantage of every really nice day you get up there,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well if
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: you live in Oklahoma, I'm sure you have a lot of really hot days down there. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_R: I guess to be crazy. We've actually been really fortunate this year though because we've had a lot of uh you know, cloud cover and rain that has kept it in the 90s, which you know, for this time of year that it's not too bad really, we have air conditioning so
SPEAKER_L: The 90 starts to sound reasonable. Yeah, I visited Oklahoma with my grandparents five or six years ago and I think it was in June and it was over 100 most days. So that was, that was rough coming from Minnesota where I'm from originally.
SPEAKER_R: I'll bet. Oh goodness
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you lived in Oklahoma for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I moved down here in the 80s with my family, my father was in the oil industry in and uh everybody kind of ended up here back in those days, so,
SPEAKER_L: So uh yeah, my, my entire mom's family is from Oklahoma. They, they moved away and the 60s I think. So it's been a long time but there were several generations in Oklahoma before that. So had strong family ties down there. Do you like living there?
SPEAKER_R: it's okay. I want to um I'm originally from Nevada and um I like the drier climate so I, you know, I want to retire back out there but my parents are elderly right now and they aren't leaving Oklahoma, so I'm here for now.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. What part of Oklahoma are you in? Tell
SPEAKER_R: Tulsa area. Yeah, it's a little suburb of Tulsa. It's it's nice, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds sounds good. Yeah. So how have you been lately?
SPEAKER_R: Oh gosh, this is just the strangest thing I've ever seen, you know, I'm old enough. I was had was well into my adulthood when 9 11 happened. So I really thought that was the worst thing that was ever going to happen to our country. But this is just and this is happening to the whole world, not just our country, but my goodness. I just I'm just astonished how quickly things have changed and how fast people have turned on each other and just, I'm just, it just breaks my heart to watch some of the stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. It really is kind of astonishing though. I've seen a couple of people say things like how many things do we have to have happened before we stop saying everything is unprecedented
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: this point isn't really unprecedented anymore.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think we know what that means anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. But yeah, it's a a lot has changed in the world but in the U. S. In particular in the last What, four months, 5 months? Something astonishingly short. Really, really weird. What are things like down there right now?
SPEAKER_R: Um In in my little suburb we're trying to keep things as close to normal as we can but we're still having to deal with all this stuff. Um I do substitute teaching for the schools and that's just we're done with that for a while. Um
SPEAKER_L: Sure because it's all going to be virtual this year or have they even
SPEAKER_R: For the
SPEAKER_L: deciding
SPEAKER_R: first several.
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I think the Tulsa which is the big city, the big city. Um We uh they're going to be our show for the first quarter at least our supper. They're taking it a couple weeks at a time. So of course we have gotten hit as hard with the you
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: coronavirus
SPEAKER_R: a co head.
SPEAKER_L: stuff,
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, I think I don't have kids and I'm not in the school district, so I don't know it quite as closely, but my neighbors have kids. And I think the plane here is to do the first two weeks or maybe it's the first month virtually. And then after that, parents get to pick if they want to go for in person or fully virtual. And of course all this is subject to change. So like, um, so I heard I'm a graduate student at the University of Oregon, even though I live in colorado and I heard that the other big state university in Oregon Oregon State University just announced yesterday that they're going virtual with 90% of their classes at the University of Oregon where I'm, is still trying to go ahead with As many classes in person as possible. Pretty much any class with fewer than 50 students are trying to do in person. But I wouldn't be surprised if that changes in the next classes are supposed to start and I think five or six weeks because on the quarter system they start a lot later. So You know like they canceled the PAC 12 and the big 10 football season's yesterday. I feel like that's probably kind of a sign of the direction things are heading again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's bad. I had we had some students here for some reason one of the coaches got upset about the fact that people could see the football field from their dorm rooms and I guess, I don't know if he had a reason for it, but he felt like it was a security, not security, but like they were given away his place. So he made everybody on that side of the dorms, made them all uh make their glass like frosty so they can't see outside. And the students didn't know it until they showed up for classes yesterday and they're not happy at all and they're like, this is crazy, they're not even going to have a football season and we can't see out. So
SPEAKER_L: No, they're expecting to be able to see something outside and instead they feel it's been like a little box all the time.
SPEAKER_R: I would be upset too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would too. And especially right now when students are probably going to be spending a lot more time in their dorm rooms than they would in a normal year. So having something to look at outside just for a change of scenery is probably a lot more important for people psychologically right now than in any other time.
SPEAKER_R: that's going to feel like jail, I guess they're giving them the option to move if they want to. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I know. I felt really fortunate for having a nice backyard to hang out in through all of this to be able to get some slight change of scenery without having to feel like anything is unsafe, but still being able to get outside and spending a lot of time in the garden and stuff like that and working outside a lot of days, which is nice like that.
SPEAKER_R: So when will you know anything about, what are you going back to Oregon or do you do your classes online?
SPEAKER_L: Um, so I am not going back to Oregon. I'm a grad student and I'm almost done. So I'm just writing at this point in time. So even if it wasn't for all, and I don't have a teaching assignment this year, um, I was actually supposed to finish in the spring, but things about delayed because of everything that's happened. Um, so I don't have a teaching assignment either. So I'm just writing so I can do that from anywhere and normally defenses have to be done in person. But I think they're waving, they waive that requirement all spring and through the summer and I think through the fall, so, um, I'll probably end up defending virtually, which will be a strange experience. Um, but okay. It means if it means not having to travel back to Oregon. Um, that's nice just because it's, it's expensive to go back. I actually pretty recently moved here. Um, and I miss Oregon a lot. It's a great place. I'd be happy to go back, but it's weird to go back right now. I was back in june and things are so different that it was almost sad to go back because like you can't go to restaurants, can't really see people because people don't want to gather in groups. Um Yeah, it's a little, it's weird, weird times,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Yeah, so what are you going to be doing? Um since it sounds like, well why, I mean, people will, teachers will still get sick, are they expecting if they're teaching virtually them to still teach when they're sick, like they're expecting that there won't be any need for substitute teachers or
SPEAKER_R: We I mean we still have the portal open to sign up for jobs so um but I you know having elderly parents, I'm really trying to get this kind of work more anyway because it's just safer. I I'm not worried about my own health. I I think people, you know most people who get the virus shake it off anyway. But but I do have the elderly parents and my mother's had some, you know asthma and all that so
SPEAKER_L: Yes, they've
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: those
SPEAKER_R: I really
SPEAKER_L: conditions,
SPEAKER_R: don't want to take it to them. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's that makes sense. Um so what kind of substitute teaching do you do? What, what grade levels and subject and everything?
SPEAKER_R: it's the whole public school system here but I I really try to try to get in with little kids
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: it's yet,
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: so that's really all the subjects to then, how
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: long?
SPEAKER_R: with I have a master's degree so I could teach all the way up to high school and and they even have some business classes that they would really like for me to do, but I'm like, okay, but I just don't like the high school kids,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I get that.
SPEAKER_R: the patients for it, you know? I know it's just a matter of time before I'll tell them what I'm really thinking about their behaviour and then it's not gonna work out, the parents won't like it and, you know.
SPEAKER_L: yep. High schoolers are challenging, definitely. They're not my favorite either. How long have you been a teacher for?
SPEAKER_R: well, I really um, I just retired. Well, retired. I'd like to say I retired. I was asked to uh find another job from the insurance industry last fall. And so I had been in and out of signing up to be a substitute teacher for all that time anyway. Um And um when things when our projects, I wasn't fired, it wasn't anything bad. It was just uh, you know, they were closing
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: down our department
SPEAKER_L: Downsizing.
SPEAKER_R: and they did this thing now instead of instead of having to lay you off and pay you like, you know, half
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: a year's severance. Yeah, they just think called transparent separation where they just say, hey, you know, we would like for you to find another job. You can apply in house or out and we'll try to help you. But of course never happened. The help part. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah, but anyway, I just at some point it became so stressful that I just decided, okay, today's today during my notice and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm just going to be different.
SPEAKER_R: I find something else to do. Hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. What was working in the insurance industry like? Uh
SPEAKER_R: you know, good days and bad days. I, I kind of had a little niche carved out for myself and which is why I was able to stay where I was for so long. Um, I did uh, it was customer service, but that's not like the call centers that you
SPEAKER_L: and,
SPEAKER_R: normally hear about. It was really, we had to have a
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: lot of certifications and um education to be able to keep up because we worked with sales routes and help them with their stuff and help clean up their messes. And
SPEAKER_L: so you were more on the like interacting with the company's side than interacting with the individuals who covered
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: by insurance
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: policies?
SPEAKER_R: yeah it was both so sometimes both on the same call, so um
SPEAKER_L: wow
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: sure. Lots of frustrated people to at times.
SPEAKER_R: it was crazy and it was it was life insurance, so you were really kind of dealing with people at their worst, you know? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I imagine a lot of really sad stories going through.
SPEAKER_R: but you know I got to got to help people. I think my favorite thing to do, I would get um widows and widowers and like their spouse was the one who handled the family finances and when they died and they were lost, you know and I would have to literally sit down with them like you would a kid and walk through, okay let's set up. It's okay if you don't know how to set up a spreadsheet, just get out of yellow tab and make some columns and this is how you set up a budget. I mean, they had no idea, so um you know, but you know, really, you know, I was able to bring them some comfort and get them kind of started, you can do this, you know, and the times when they was able to end the call with them feeling a whole lot better. That really helped me and dealing with the funeral homes, some of the funeral directors are just bullies, you know, and they would have people believing that they were going to set their loved one out on the street, like legally they can't do that, so don't let them talk to you that way, You don't deserve it, you know? And um we're gonna
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: unfortunate
SPEAKER_R: this work out,
SPEAKER_L: that they're kind of taking advantage of people at such a vulnerable position in their lives.
SPEAKER_R: most of them don't, but it's every once in a while you get that one and of course I I would get a lot of satisfaction calling the funeral director and talking to it to be a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How why was life insurance involved with that? Do a lot of life insurance policies cover the funeral costs and everything?
SPEAKER_R: a lot of times people are depending on the life insurance policy to pay the funeral. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Just if users are so expensive these days. Okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: fortunately that's not something I've had to look into a lot but I just I hear that it's very expensive, which always seems kind of strange to me, but.
SPEAKER_R: you know people our age and younger, I'm saying our age my age and younger are going more towards the cremation. So those funerals aren't aren't as expensive but the older folks can't stand the idea of that that that going against their whole religious belief system and everything because you're supposed to preserve your body for the rapture, you know and all this stuff. I mean right there the bible bible belt um but
SPEAKER_L: Right. I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: people that younger people have kind of realized that um you know that a lot of work out a different way. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know for myself, I mean I was raised pretty non religious and I've just never really understood even from like, I know a lot of people, even non religious people get a lot of comfort in going to a cemetery and like the actual place that somebody they loved is buried. But for me, I feel like I would always rather just like you go to a place that was important in a memory that I had with my grandfather or whatever or like, like spend time with like something that he gave me or something like that for me, that's always been a much more meaningful way to remember them. I don't think I've, oh, I think of three of my grandparents have passed away and I think I've only been to the grave of one of them. And that was when that was my grandmother's grave, when we buried my grandpa. I don't think I haven't been to my other grandpa's grave at all just because it never felt like that was a
SPEAKER_R: Well he's
SPEAKER_L: important
SPEAKER_R: not there
SPEAKER_L: for me. Yeah, exactly like this
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: is there's just a stone that says his name on it but it doesn't, I would rather remember him by looking at pictures or Mhm. Yeah, stuff like that. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: sure I'm sure he would rather that to that you'd remember alive and you know when you have we're having fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. But you know everybody grieves in a different way and I guess it's important to allow people to grieve in the ways that are the most useful for them. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: that trip that we went on to Oklahoma actually because so many generations of previous ancestors in Oklahoma, it was basically going to cemeteries, which was kind of strange, but also it was kind of cool just to get the family history along with it and because it was a lot of, in some cases back to like the mid 1800s and so I would get the stories from my grandparents about who these people were, which was cool and we got to see some, we were mostly in northeastern Oklahoma for that because that's sort of roughly where both of my grandparents I grew up. But that was, it was, we went to a lot of small little cemeteries in the middle of nowhere. It was an interesting experience,
SPEAKER_R: You know you can see all that stuff online now, people have taken pictures and you can go and find
SPEAKER_L: find a great,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yeah, my grandmother loves that site for some reason they thought that it was important for somebody in the family to actually know where some of these sites were. Once my grandparents were gone, which yeah, maybe that's just one of those kind of holdovers from previous generations, feelings about cemeteries and that the type
SPEAKER_R: sir.
SPEAKER_L: of grieving. But I actually, I thought that Oklahoma was beautiful. It kind of surprised me. The rolling hills in that part of Oklahoma, we're really really gorgeous and I mean I was so green and pretty lush looking. I liked it more than I expected. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we have our moment. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: think actually my my grandparents um when my mom was loved little, they lived in norman I think is another in the Tulsa area. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Um It's about an hour and a half away.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I guess my my Oklahoma geography gets a little confused but that was where they spent a lot of time. Oh it was, that's what it was. My great grandma lived in Tulsa before she died. That's what it was. So we went through there. But yeah. Well um Nevada is a cool state too though. Where in Nevada are you from originally?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was born in Reno and then um mostly what I remember is Las Vegas in that area. Of course this was This was Las Vegas in the 60s and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Las Vegas
SPEAKER_R: 70s.
SPEAKER_L: has changed a lot. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean this was you know we see it in the movies where the mob ran it and they really did and it was the mob and um you would run into a lot of bikers who uh like to hang out there who were Vietnam vets and tough and into drugs and all this stuff but they were nice to the women and kids you know and my mother and I were alone. A lot of my parents are still married but dad worked so much that we were we would be out, we hit the casinos and mother would like um just long enough to win enough to go get lunch or a dessert or something and so then we would just live high, you know, I don't know money really and uh yeah it's fun. Just very very different
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I've
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: heard that today that Las Vegas like the actual city of Las Vegas outside of the strip is actually a nice place and make a good place to raise a family and really cool outdoor stuff like hiking and great rock climbing in that area and stuff like that. Like I've actually I've been to Las Vegas a couple times and it's I'm glad I've experienced it and I would like to go back for vacations, but it's not a place that I've ever felt like I want to live, but I also haven't really gotten outside of the like, you know the central touristy touristy stuff, but
SPEAKER_R: yeah you can live there never go to the strip, there's all
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot
SPEAKER_R: kinds
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: of stuff. Yeah hey.
SPEAKER_L: I hear a dog making a funny noise I think.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah there's a little area down in Henderson or that I'm looking at two eventually moved to, it's very similar to Oklahoma actually accept drier weather and you know, but the cost of living is about the same and you know. Damn.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that lower humidity level makes a big difference. I lived in Virginia for two years a while ago and man that Like 75, which is what it is here right now, but 31% humidity feels so different than 75 with like 90% humanity. I remember like, all right, when I first started my job there, I would go out on walks at lunch with another group of young women who had all recently graduated from undergrad and we would be just like soaked from half an hour of relatively sedate walking, like a corporal blocks because it was just so hot. I that was definitely, that's the thing that I do not at all miss about that area in the country America,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but you must get some really great thunderstorms in Oklahoma. I love thunderstorms.
SPEAKER_R: oh this I just moved a couple of years ago. Two this this apartment I'm looking out right now, I'm looking out the windows at it kind of it's kind of like being in a lighthouse and I'm really lucky because one of those rolling hills is over there and it mostly protects us from the tornadoes. We've had since just since I've been here I've had three go right over, I could hear the train town go right over me.
SPEAKER_L: that is terrifying.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But yeah we do get some amazing lightning and uh all that and now that I'm kind of you know before I lived in an apartment that was kind of like living in a cave so I've had to adjust but now that I've adjusted, I like it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, I love watching a good thunderstorm. I, when I lived in Oregon Oregon doesn't really get thunderstorms, it's like maybe one or two a year and um but they get a lot of rain and I definitely missed having the thunderstorms along with the rain. It makes it, it's a much more interesting way to receive rain even though of course it is destructive sometimes and that's always a problem. Um it's never good when, you know there's a tornado or somebody's house gets struck by lightning or whatever, but the, the cool cloud formations that you get and seeing the lightning come down and stuff like that. I really liked that about being in colorado as being back in the land of thunderstorms again. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: kind of teaching are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I'm gonna teach actually. Um I uh Mhm I don't really care for academia, it actually would be interested in doing some like elementary or middle school stem education. Um I've done a fair bit of volunteering with that and I've really enjoyed it. I don't know if I would want to be a full time classroom teacher though, because I don't have the training in that and classroom management is just, you know, such a learned skill um that I and also in a lot of states, you know, you need to have a masters or something, I mean, I have a masters, but in a lot of states you have to have a master's in teaching, I think to actually teach. Um And I don't have that, my masters is an environmental sciences. Um and I even more so than high school students, I really don't want to teach college students. There. Is it? I mean, some of them are awesome. They're I have, because I've had to teach throughout grad school and I've had a variety of teaching assignments um and the ones that are more upper level smaller classes where the students have really selected that class and in some cases been looking forward to that class for two or three years and I really interested in the subject material, like that's really awesome, but there's also so many students who are really just kind of there because college is just what you do these days and they're they're more for like the partying and everything than anything else. That's really frustrating to deal with them and academia in general. I just, I don't like the atmosphere, like the competitiveness, the the pressure to just kind of like pump out results, like if I went, my undergrad experience was at a liberal arts school and um there the teaching, it's just much more teaching focused. The professors do do some research, but it's usually in the summer, or just a small side projects during the school year, that's basically so that they can give their students research experience. Um Whereas at a big are one university, like the university of Oregon, the professors are there to do research and teach on the side because they have to, and of course these are universal rules are definitely some good teachers at um these universities, but that's something that I found really frustrating, like as a teaching assistant being told to spend less time helping students, it felt really awful to me because it's like, how am I supposed to help them get better when you're telling me, like, I shouldn't give them actual feedback on their assignments. And it made me feel really jaded about our university system actually, and just kind of disappointed by it because I had, I would have like 300 level classes Where I had students who couldn't write a complete sentence or I guess they would write complete sentences but they couldn't write, they would just be like train of thought, complete run on sentences would be like a 500 word paragraph made up of like three sentences. I was like, how did you get this far with this level of writing? Like how did you get in? Shouldn't this have been figured out in high school or middle school? Yeah. So I don't know, it just made me feel really frustrated with our teaching system and um not something that I'm interested in working on changing from within. Right? Mm There's just too much inertia that I didn't never even feel like I had a like a chance at making a difference with it maybe with some individual students, but not in any sort of big like systemic change.
SPEAKER_R: So what kind of jobs will you be looking for?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm mostly looking for jobs with like uh nonprofit conservation organizations, maybe doing some science and environmental policy. Um I'm really interested in uh environmental sciences. I specifically study fire in tropical rainforests right now,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: but I don't want to stay that narrow forever. That's a very it's a very narrow field. I mean it's a big important issue that there's been a lot going on with it right now, but I don't want that to be my entire career. I have a lot of interests. Um But like science, maybe some science policy um and conservation, that's that's my goal. It's been a bit tough to find jobs in that right now, though, just because a lot of those organizations rely on grant funding. Um both federal and private grants and a lot of that is probably not going to exist in the next few years. So those organizations are kind of cutting back on their staffing or not replacing people when they leave, that sort of thing. So we'll see what happens in the short term. But my long term hope for World Cup.
SPEAKER_R: it'll come back, that will come back for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It just might be a couple of years of me doing something that's less interesting to me, but hopefully not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope not. Well, it's been really nice talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: What? It's been nice chatting with you too. Um I hope you have a lovely rest of your day and good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Bye. Bye.