Hi, how are you
read? My name is Lauren.
I am outside it. It's really nice outside. It's been so hot so I wanted to take advantage of the slightly cooler weather.
I'm located in Colorado in the Denver area. How about you?
Yeah. Well if
you live in Oklahoma, I'm sure you have a lot of really hot days down there. Uh huh,
The 90 starts to sound reasonable. Yeah, I visited Oklahoma with my grandparents five or six years ago and I think it was in June and it was over 100 most days. So that was, that was rough coming from Minnesota where I'm from originally.
Yeah. Have you lived in Oklahoma for a long time.
So uh yeah, my, my entire mom's family is from Oklahoma. They, they moved away and the 60s I think. So it's been a long time but there were several generations in Oklahoma before that. So had strong family ties down there. Do you like living there?
that makes sense. What part of Oklahoma are you in? Tell
Yeah, that sounds sounds good. Yeah. So how have you been lately?
Yes. Yeah. It really is kind of astonishing though. I've seen a couple of people say things like how many things do we have to have happened before we stop saying everything is unprecedented
at
this point isn't really unprecedented anymore.
Yeah, exactly. But yeah, it's a a lot has changed in the world but in the U. S. In particular in the last What, four months, 5 months? Something astonishingly short. Really, really weird. What are things like down there right now?
Sure because it's all going to be virtual this year or have they even
deciding
that?
With
the
coronavirus
stuff,
yeah. Yeah, I think I don't have kids and I'm not in the school district, so I don't know it quite as closely, but my neighbors have kids. And I think the plane here is to do the first two weeks or maybe it's the first month virtually. And then after that, parents get to pick if they want to go for in person or fully virtual. And of course all this is subject to change. So like, um, so I heard I'm a graduate student at the University of Oregon, even though I live in colorado and I heard that the other big state university in Oregon Oregon State University just announced yesterday that they're going virtual with 90% of their classes at the University of Oregon where I'm, is still trying to go ahead with As many classes in person as possible. Pretty much any class with fewer than 50 students are trying to do in person. But I wouldn't be surprised if that changes in the next classes are supposed to start and I think five or six weeks because on the quarter system they start a lot later. So You know like they canceled the PAC 12 and the big 10 football season's yesterday. I feel like that's probably kind of a sign of the direction things are heading again.
No, they're expecting to be able to see something outside and instead they feel it's been like a little box all the time.
Yeah, I would too. And especially right now when students are probably going to be spending a lot more time in their dorm rooms than they would in a normal year. So having something to look at outside just for a change of scenery is probably a lot more important for people psychologically right now than in any other time.
Okay. Yeah, I know. I felt really fortunate for having a nice backyard to hang out in through all of this to be able to get some slight change of scenery without having to feel like anything is unsafe, but still being able to get outside and spending a lot of time in the garden and stuff like that and working outside a lot of days, which is nice like that.
Um, so I am not going back to Oregon. I'm a grad student and I'm almost done. So I'm just writing at this point in time. So even if it wasn't for all, and I don't have a teaching assignment this year, um, I was actually supposed to finish in the spring, but things about delayed because of everything that's happened. Um, so I don't have a teaching assignment either. So I'm just writing so I can do that from anywhere and normally defenses have to be done in person. But I think they're waving, they waive that requirement all spring and through the summer and I think through the fall, so, um, I'll probably end up defending virtually, which will be a strange experience. Um, but okay. It means if it means not having to travel back to Oregon. Um, that's nice just because it's, it's expensive to go back. I actually pretty recently moved here. Um, and I miss Oregon a lot. It's a great place. I'd be happy to go back, but it's weird to go back right now. I was back in june and things are so different that it was almost sad to go back because like you can't go to restaurants, can't really see people because people don't want to gather in groups. Um Yeah, it's a little, it's weird, weird times,
definitely. Yeah, so what are you going to be doing? Um since it sounds like, well why, I mean, people will, teachers will still get sick, are they expecting if they're teaching virtually them to still teach when they're sick, like they're expecting that there won't be any need for substitute teachers or
Yes, they've
got
those
conditions,
Yeah, that's that makes sense. Um so what kind of substitute teaching do you do? What, what grade levels and subject and everything?
Well
it's yet,
so that's really all the subjects to then, how
long?
Yeah, I get that.
yep. High schoolers are challenging, definitely. They're not my favorite either. How long have you been a teacher for?
thanks.
Downsizing.
I like
That's frustrating.
Yeah, I'm just going to be different.
Yeah. Yeah. What was working in the insurance industry like? Uh
and,
and
so you were more on the like interacting with the company's side than interacting with the individuals who covered
by insurance
policies?
wow
sure. Lots of frustrated people to at times.
Yeah, I imagine a lot of really sad stories going through.
It's
unfortunate
that they're kind of taking advantage of people at such a vulnerable position in their lives.
Yeah. How why was life insurance involved with that? Do a lot of life insurance policies cover the funeral costs and everything?
Just if users are so expensive these days. Okay. Yeah,
fortunately that's not something I've had to look into a lot but I just I hear that it's very expensive, which always seems kind of strange to me, but.
Right. I'm sure.
Yeah, I know for myself, I mean I was raised pretty non religious and I've just never really understood even from like, I know a lot of people, even non religious people get a lot of comfort in going to a cemetery and like the actual place that somebody they loved is buried. But for me, I feel like I would always rather just like you go to a place that was important in a memory that I had with my grandfather or whatever or like, like spend time with like something that he gave me or something like that for me, that's always been a much more meaningful way to remember them. I don't think I've, oh, I think of three of my grandparents have passed away and I think I've only been to the grave of one of them. And that was when that was my grandmother's grave, when we buried my grandpa. I don't think I haven't been to my other grandpa's grave at all just because it never felt like that was a
important
for me. Yeah, exactly like this
is there's just a stone that says his name on it but it doesn't, I would rather remember him by looking at pictures or Mhm. Yeah, stuff like that. I don't know.
But
Yeah. Yeah. But you know everybody grieves in a different way and I guess it's important to allow people to grieve in the ways that are the most useful for them. So
that trip that we went on to Oklahoma actually because so many generations of previous ancestors in Oklahoma, it was basically going to cemeteries, which was kind of strange, but also it was kind of cool just to get the family history along with it and because it was a lot of, in some cases back to like the mid 1800s and so I would get the stories from my grandparents about who these people were, which was cool and we got to see some, we were mostly in northeastern Oklahoma for that because that's sort of roughly where both of my grandparents I grew up. But that was, it was, we went to a lot of small little cemeteries in the middle of nowhere. It was an interesting experience,
find a great,
yeah, my grandmother loves that site for some reason they thought that it was important for somebody in the family to actually know where some of these sites were. Once my grandparents were gone, which yeah, maybe that's just one of those kind of holdovers from previous generations, feelings about cemeteries and that the type
of grieving. But I actually, I thought that Oklahoma was beautiful. It kind of surprised me. The rolling hills in that part of Oklahoma, we're really really gorgeous and I mean I was so green and pretty lush looking. I liked it more than I expected. Yeah.
think actually my my grandparents um when my mom was loved little, they lived in norman I think is another in the Tulsa area. Right,
okay. I guess my my Oklahoma geography gets a little confused but that was where they spent a lot of time. Oh it was, that's what it was. My great grandma lived in Tulsa before she died. That's what it was. So we went through there. But yeah. Well um Nevada is a cool state too though. Where in Nevada are you from originally?
Yeah, Las Vegas
has changed a lot. Right.
Mhm. I've
heard that today that Las Vegas like the actual city of Las Vegas outside of the strip is actually a nice place and make a good place to raise a family and really cool outdoor stuff like hiking and great rock climbing in that area and stuff like that. Like I've actually I've been to Las Vegas a couple times and it's I'm glad I've experienced it and I would like to go back for vacations, but it's not a place that I've ever felt like I want to live, but I also haven't really gotten outside of the like, you know the central touristy touristy stuff, but
there's a lot
more.
I hear a dog making a funny noise I think.
Yeah. Well that lower humidity level makes a big difference. I lived in Virginia for two years a while ago and man that Like 75, which is what it is here right now, but 31% humidity feels so different than 75 with like 90% humanity. I remember like, all right, when I first started my job there, I would go out on walks at lunch with another group of young women who had all recently graduated from undergrad and we would be just like soaked from half an hour of relatively sedate walking, like a corporal blocks because it was just so hot. I that was definitely, that's the thing that I do not at all miss about that area in the country America,
but you must get some really great thunderstorms in Oklahoma. I love thunderstorms.
that is terrifying.
yeah, yeah, I love watching a good thunderstorm. I, when I lived in Oregon Oregon doesn't really get thunderstorms, it's like maybe one or two a year and um but they get a lot of rain and I definitely missed having the thunderstorms along with the rain. It makes it, it's a much more interesting way to receive rain even though of course it is destructive sometimes and that's always a problem. Um it's never good when, you know there's a tornado or somebody's house gets struck by lightning or whatever, but the, the cool cloud formations that you get and seeing the lightning come down and stuff like that. I really liked that about being in colorado as being back in the land of thunderstorms again. Mhm
I don't think I'm gonna teach actually. Um I uh Mhm I don't really care for academia, it actually would be interested in doing some like elementary or middle school stem education. Um I've done a fair bit of volunteering with that and I've really enjoyed it. I don't know if I would want to be a full time classroom teacher though, because I don't have the training in that and classroom management is just, you know, such a learned skill um that I and also in a lot of states, you know, you need to have a masters or something, I mean, I have a masters, but in a lot of states you have to have a master's in teaching, I think to actually teach. Um And I don't have that, my masters is an environmental sciences. Um and I even more so than high school students, I really don't want to teach college students. There. Is it? I mean, some of them are awesome. They're I have, because I've had to teach throughout grad school and I've had a variety of teaching assignments um and the ones that are more upper level smaller classes where the students have really selected that class and in some cases been looking forward to that class for two or three years and I really interested in the subject material, like that's really awesome, but there's also so many students who are really just kind of there because college is just what you do these days and they're they're more for like the partying and everything than anything else. That's really frustrating to deal with them and academia in general. I just, I don't like the atmosphere, like the competitiveness, the the pressure to just kind of like pump out results, like if I went, my undergrad experience was at a liberal arts school and um there the teaching, it's just much more teaching focused. The professors do do some research, but it's usually in the summer, or just a small side projects during the school year, that's basically so that they can give their students research experience. Um Whereas at a big are one university, like the university of Oregon, the professors are there to do research and teach on the side because they have to, and of course these are universal rules are definitely some good teachers at um these universities, but that's something that I found really frustrating, like as a teaching assistant being told to spend less time helping students, it felt really awful to me because it's like, how am I supposed to help them get better when you're telling me, like, I shouldn't give them actual feedback on their assignments. And it made me feel really jaded about our university system actually, and just kind of disappointed by it because I had, I would have like 300 level classes Where I had students who couldn't write a complete sentence or I guess they would write complete sentences but they couldn't write, they would just be like train of thought, complete run on sentences would be like a 500 word paragraph made up of like three sentences. I was like, how did you get this far with this level of writing? Like how did you get in? Shouldn't this have been figured out in high school or middle school? Yeah. So I don't know, it just made me feel really frustrated with our teaching system and um not something that I'm interested in working on changing from within. Right? Mm There's just too much inertia that I didn't never even feel like I had a like a chance at making a difference with it maybe with some individual students, but not in any sort of big like systemic change.
Um I'm mostly looking for jobs with like uh nonprofit conservation organizations, maybe doing some science and environmental policy. Um I'm really interested in uh environmental sciences. I specifically study fire in tropical rainforests right now,
but I don't want to stay that narrow forever. That's a very it's a very narrow field. I mean it's a big important issue that there's been a lot going on with it right now, but I don't want that to be my entire career. I have a lot of interests. Um But like science, maybe some science policy um and conservation, that's that's my goal. It's been a bit tough to find jobs in that right now, though, just because a lot of those organizations rely on grant funding. Um both federal and private grants and a lot of that is probably not going to exist in the next few years. So those organizations are kind of cutting back on their staffing or not replacing people when they leave, that sort of thing. So we'll see what happens in the short term. But my long term hope for World Cup.
Yeah. Yeah. It just might be a couple of years of me doing something that's less interesting to me, but hopefully not too bad.
What? It's been nice chatting with you too. Um I hope you have a lovely rest of your day and good luck with everything.
All