Hi,
I'm good, how are you today?
Hi, I M T. And I see you're outside.
Well, that's nice. What part of the country are you in?
yeah. Uh yeah, I'm in Oklahoma, we used to live in Wyoming. So I know you have to kind of take advantage of every really nice day you get up there,
you know?
I guess to be crazy. We've actually been really fortunate this year though because we've had a lot of uh you know, cloud cover and rain that has kept it in the 90s, which you know, for this time of year that it's not too bad really, we have air conditioning so
I'll bet. Oh goodness
Yeah, I moved down here in the 80s with my family, my father was in the oil industry in and uh everybody kind of ended up here back in those days, so,
it's okay. I want to um I'm originally from Nevada and um I like the drier climate so I, you know, I want to retire back out there but my parents are elderly right now and they aren't leaving Oklahoma, so I'm here for now.
Tulsa area. Yeah, it's a little suburb of Tulsa. It's it's nice, you know.
Oh gosh, this is just the strangest thing I've ever seen, you know, I'm old enough. I was had was well into my adulthood when 9 11 happened. So I really thought that was the worst thing that was ever going to happen to our country. But this is just and this is happening to the whole world, not just our country, but my goodness. I just I'm just astonished how quickly things have changed and how fast people have turned on each other and just, I'm just, it just breaks my heart to watch some of the stuff.
Yeah. Yeah, that's
true.
I don't think we know what that means anymore.
Um In in my little suburb we're trying to keep things as close to normal as we can but we're still having to deal with all this stuff. Um I do substitute teaching for the schools and that's just we're done with that for a while. Um
For the
first several.
Yeah I think I think the Tulsa which is the big city, the big city. Um We uh they're going to be our show for the first quarter at least our supper. They're taking it a couple weeks at a time. So of course we have gotten hit as hard with the you
know
with
a co head.
So.
Yeah that's bad. I had we had some students here for some reason one of the coaches got upset about the fact that people could see the football field from their dorm rooms and I guess, I don't know if he had a reason for it, but he felt like it was a security, not security, but like they were given away his place. So he made everybody on that side of the dorms, made them all uh make their glass like frosty so they can't see outside. And the students didn't know it until they showed up for classes yesterday and they're not happy at all and they're like, this is crazy, they're not even going to have a football season and we can't see out. So
I would be upset too.
that's going to feel like jail, I guess they're giving them the option to move if they want to. So
So when will you know anything about, what are you going back to Oregon or do you do your classes online?
Yeah, it is.
We I mean we still have the portal open to sign up for jobs so um but I you know having elderly parents, I'm really trying to get this kind of work more anyway because it's just safer. I I'm not worried about my own health. I I think people, you know most people who get the virus shake it off anyway. But but I do have the elderly parents and my mother's had some, you know asthma and all that so
you
know
I really
don't want to take it to them. Yeah
it's the whole public school system here but I I really try to try to get in with little kids
more
fun.
I mean
with I have a master's degree so I could teach all the way up to high school and and they even have some business classes that they would really like for me to do, but I'm like, okay, but I just don't like the high school kids,
the patients for it, you know? I know it's just a matter of time before I'll tell them what I'm really thinking about their behaviour and then it's not gonna work out, the parents won't like it and, you know.
well, I really um, I just retired. Well, retired. I'd like to say I retired. I was asked to uh find another job from the insurance industry last fall. And so I had been in and out of signing up to be a substitute teacher for all that time anyway. Um And um when things when our projects, I wasn't fired, it wasn't anything bad. It was just uh, you know, they were closing
down our department
and they did this thing now instead of instead of having to lay you off and pay you like, you know, half
a year's severance. Yeah, they just think called transparent separation where they just say, hey, you know, we would like for you to find another job. You can apply in house or out and we'll try to help you. But of course never happened. The help part. Um
No. Yeah, but anyway, I just at some point it became so stressful that I just decided, okay, today's today during my notice and
I find something else to do. Hmm.
you know, good days and bad days. I, I kind of had a little niche carved out for myself and which is why I was able to stay where I was for so long. Um, I did uh, it was customer service, but that's not like the call centers that you
normally hear about. It was really, we had to have a
lot of certifications and um education to be able to keep up because we worked with sales routes and help them with their stuff and help clean up their messes. And
it was
it
yeah it was both so sometimes both on the same call, so um
yeah
it was crazy and it was it was life insurance, so you were really kind of dealing with people at their worst, you know? Yeah
but you know I got to got to help people. I think my favorite thing to do, I would get um widows and widowers and like their spouse was the one who handled the family finances and when they died and they were lost, you know and I would have to literally sit down with them like you would a kid and walk through, okay let's set up. It's okay if you don't know how to set up a spreadsheet, just get out of yellow tab and make some columns and this is how you set up a budget. I mean, they had no idea, so um you know, but you know, really, you know, I was able to bring them some comfort and get them kind of started, you can do this, you know, and the times when they was able to end the call with them feeling a whole lot better. That really helped me and dealing with the funeral homes, some of the funeral directors are just bullies, you know, and they would have people believing that they were going to set their loved one out on the street, like legally they can't do that, so don't let them talk to you that way, You don't deserve it, you know? And um we're gonna
get
this work out,
most of them don't, but it's every once in a while you get that one and of course I I would get a lot of satisfaction calling the funeral director and talking to it to be a
a lot of times people are depending on the life insurance policy to pay the funeral. Yeah.
Oh
you know people our age and younger, I'm saying our age my age and younger are going more towards the cremation. So those funerals aren't aren't as expensive but the older folks can't stand the idea of that that that going against their whole religious belief system and everything because you're supposed to preserve your body for the rapture, you know and all this stuff. I mean right there the bible bible belt um but
people that younger people have kind of realized that um you know that a lot of work out a different way. Mhm.
Well he's
not there
no
I'm
sure I'm sure he would rather that to that you'd remember alive and you know when you have we're having fun.
Yeah. I don't know.
You know you can see all that stuff online now, people have taken pictures and you can go and find
Yeah
sir.
Yeah we have our moment. Mhm.
Um It's about an hour and a half away.
Yeah I was born in Reno and then um mostly what I remember is Las Vegas in that area. Of course this was This was Las Vegas in the 60s and
70s.
Yeah I mean this was you know we see it in the movies where the mob ran it and they really did and it was the mob and um you would run into a lot of bikers who uh like to hang out there who were Vietnam vets and tough and into drugs and all this stuff but they were nice to the women and kids you know and my mother and I were alone. A lot of my parents are still married but dad worked so much that we were we would be out, we hit the casinos and mother would like um just long enough to win enough to go get lunch or a dessert or something and so then we would just live high, you know, I don't know money really and uh yeah it's fun. Just very very different
but
yeah you can live there never go to the strip, there's all
kinds
of stuff. Yeah hey.
But yeah there's a little area down in Henderson or that I'm looking at two eventually moved to, it's very similar to Oklahoma actually accept drier weather and you know, but the cost of living is about the same and you know. Damn.
it's
oh this I just moved a couple of years ago. Two this this apartment I'm looking out right now, I'm looking out the windows at it kind of it's kind of like being in a lighthouse and I'm really lucky because one of those rolling hills is over there and it mostly protects us from the tornadoes. We've had since just since I've been here I've had three go right over, I could hear the train town go right over me.
yeah. But yeah we do get some amazing lightning and uh all that and now that I'm kind of you know before I lived in an apartment that was kind of like living in a cave so I've had to adjust but now that I've adjusted, I like it. Yeah.
kind of teaching are you gonna do?
So what kind of jobs will you be looking for?
I don't know.
it'll come back, that will come back for sure.
Yeah, I hope not. Well, it's been really nice talking with you.
You too. Thank you.
Bye. Bye.