SPEAKER_L: on the front steps, fell over sideways and gassed until she started to hiccup, go inside and say hello to your grandmother, Patricia said, feeling suddenly grateful to kitty. Aren't they such little pills at that age, Kenny said, watching Corrie go, they are peculiar. Patricia said They're pills. She said that her little pills go out to be tied up in a second, let out when they're 18. Set up in a second, let out wondering Oh, I know, mm mhm. I'm trying teen who ought to be tied up in a second letter when they're 18 here, I brought you this. She handed Patricia across a new paperback copy of Evidence of love. I know you think it's trash kitty said, but it has passion, love, hate, romance, violence, excitement. It's just like thomas hardy only in paperback and eight pages of photos in the middle. I don't know. Patricia said, I don't have a lot of time, like Kitty was already retreating to her car. Patricia decided that this mystery should be called Patricia Campbell and the inability to say no. To her surprise, she tore through the book in three days. Patricia almost didn't make the meeting right before she left. Corey washed her face and living tubes to get rid of her freckles and wound up getting it in both eyes, sending her shrinking into the hall, where she ran face first into a door knob. Patricia blessed her eyes with water, put a bag of frozen peas on her crusade, told cory she had just as many, if not more freckles when she was her age and got her settled on the sofa with MS mary to watch the Cosby show. She made it to the meeting. 10 minutes late, Kitty lived on seaweed farms, a 200 acre chunk of Boone hall plantation that had been parceled off a long time ago as a wedding present to some lord proprietor or other through misadventure and poor decision making. It had come to Kitty's grandmother in law, and when that eminent old lady had declined elegantly into her grave, she passed it on to her favorite grandson, Kitty's husband force way out in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by flooded rice fields, entangled pine forest dotted with broken back out buildings inhabited solely by snakes. It was anchored by a hideously ugly main house, painted chocolate brown and wrapped in sagging porches and rotting columns, with raccoons in the attic and a possums in the walls. It was exactly the kind of grand home suspended in a state of gracious decay. Patricia thought all the best charlestonians own now. She stood before the massive double doors on the sprawling front porch and press the bell, and nothing happened. She tried again. Patricia, kitty called Patricia, looked around, then up kitty leaned out the second floor window, go around to the side, kitty hollered. We haven't been able to find the key to that door and forever she met giddy by her kitchen door. Big kitty said don't mind the cat Patricia didn't it? Sure. Mhm. Okay. Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm Sarah
SPEAKER_R: I'm dave how you doing,
SPEAKER_L: good. Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: nope. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my 2nd 1 so yeah it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I'll admit it wasn't completely eradicate. Didn't expect anybody to uh actually be on the other end right now.
SPEAKER_L: Um I had signed in because I feel like otherwise I would have gotten distracted with after work stuff so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got some headphones. I had a uh finish eating. I just I actually had tried yesterday and nobody showed up. So I thought to myself, okay, Maybe No 1's going to show up for these.
SPEAKER_L: uh huh You still get paid that? Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I paid a whopping dollar. Yeah. And 50 cents
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh For doing nothing I guess what's nice?
SPEAKER_R: I suppose so.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I guess. I don't know whether this counts towards the 25 minutes, but I am I will admit I am not as fully committed at the moment. Did I imagine I'd expect me to be.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah um I think the timer started on the other page so I assume it,
SPEAKER_R: What kind of a there's just like an information, an informational clock in case you don't have one, I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I can wait for you to finish
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Let me get my headphones. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah, but Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Can you hear me? All right, So now you should be you shouldn't be able to hear the beeps from my other programs that are open.
SPEAKER_L: Okay are you working or?
SPEAKER_R: No, just in one of those post work. Oh my God, I have a million things I haven't done on the internet and everybody is asking me to ask me questions and then uh two other things I suppose. So, you're a user of prolific as well?
SPEAKER_L: yep. Have you been using it long?
SPEAKER_R: No, just a week, a few weeks. I've mostly been using mechanical Turkish I've used for years. And I joined a uh discord server for mechanical turk. And I said, hey, how come mechanical Turks been so crappy recently? Anyway, I don't know. I've been using prolific. So I said, all right, well, I'll give it a shot.
SPEAKER_L: Okay how do you like it so far?
SPEAKER_R: I like uh use I think that they support a add on that notifies you when one goes up, so that's actually pretty helpful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good yeah I just typically sign in uh whenever I want to waste some time.
SPEAKER_R: Well, there aren't usually that many studies up, so that's why I'd like to solve. The problem is with mechanical turk. Uh You have to use these other adult ones to really really track fantastical up. And it's not so easy because it doesn't alert you when A good one goes up because there are so many there are up at the moment. So. Yeah I mean I probably make what $10 cash out uh The two times a week that they disperse payments.
SPEAKER_L: It's got a nice pocket money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well um mechanical turk. I was been hauling in like 100 bucks a week. Yeah I mean it's it's just the volume on there is sometimes such that you can just really make a ton if things are good but which they are terrible. Um
SPEAKER_L: what do you mean by their terrible
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we'll rely on people that post good assignments essentially. And if nobody's post secret assignments and more and more people are looking for those assignments, they kind of dry up a bit more people are after them. Especially now I get the sense you know with the economy's going and everything that I mean I'm just doing this for chump change but you know some people try to make a living off of it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I tried to have a couple of times but I felt like it wasn't really worth the effort. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean basically the thing is like I've been using it off and on since 2012 so I kind of know what to look for a little bit uh huh in
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: the add ons help in that regard by showing you the best of the best. Sometimes you can curate. Um But yeah, how about you? How long have been using prolific?
SPEAKER_L: uh maybe about a year, I'm not quite sure. My friend told me about that. Um this and another site user testing and so I was like oh that will be interesting to look at what people are researching. Um And the pay isn't super bad I try to focus on something that is interesting because I get really sick of answering covid surveys. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I basically just go for the ones that paid decently. Um and don't require too much time because the bubbles after bubbles after bubbles after bubbles is driving me nuts.
SPEAKER_L: yeah It's hard to concentrate on something for so long especially since I usually do it to like take a break from work or something. I don't be doing it for more than a 5, 10 minutes anyway. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So obviously it sounds like you're in the United States as well.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, East Coast right after.
SPEAKER_R: they were
SPEAKER_L: Have you are you from the east Coast originally?
SPEAKER_R: yeah just massachusetts. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um I'm assuming not boston based on your accent.
SPEAKER_R: Uh not boston proper but the boston metro area. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh huh. Are you hopeful there? Did you
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: nick?
SPEAKER_R: just been bouncing around these days uh uh Got apartment in Quincy and uh switching their between their my girlfriend's house at my parents house because honestly I got a little uh studio. But yeah to work out of a studio and live out of the studio all day, it doesn't get a lot of natural light, it's just not good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've had to move my workstation at home frequently because they well I get better reception for wifi and one area, it's really depressing during most of the daylight because of what sunlight you get through the windows. Oh
SPEAKER_R: How about you? Where are you from to the extent you are willing to disclose such things?
SPEAKER_L: I grew up in florida and Illinois so around. Um But I've been on the east Coast for Uh 11 years now I guess so. Uh I guess this is home. I don't imagine that will be moving moving elsewhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just throw it up here. Mhm. How do you like it here on the east Coast compared to say florida or Illinois?
SPEAKER_L: I will say that I've been really missing having friends political slightly. Uh, That was the big benefit of growing up in florida's. If you didn't have a pool, you had half of your friend group, a personal pool. So
SPEAKER_R: but that was not a particularly good time for pools anyways.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no public pools. Um but it's been crazy. So it would be nice to go for a swim.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, swim, yeah, a lot of the good stuff, I mean it's kind of a last summer in a way. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'm assuming you didn't imagine that we would be self isolating for this long.
SPEAKER_R: No, I remember, I mean in March, remember thinking all right, maybe this will just be a few weeks and will actually manage to take care of it then I realized, okay, no, this isn't going away in a few weeks, but then I remember like I saw a meme uh like are you familiar with like the meme of like uh from predator of like Arnold Schwarzenegger and another actor shaking hands really firmly basically. Uh you know just the meme is like uh okay, like me seeing my buddy at the gym after three months of quarantine and the farms are Photoshop are altered to be like much much skinnier and dinner, but everybody but I was at the time, I think you and I was so far away and I'm thinking, yeah, maybe next to if we're lucky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My work is already said that. Um, it was like, oh well come back in june, we'll come back in july. We probably won't come back before labor day and as it stands right now it's um January four is when they expect to open our offices back up. But given that goal just said mid-2021, I wonder if our company is going to other. Um
SPEAKER_R: So there you go. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: it will say that I'm really miss walking to work, so, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, at all. It's a place by the way, your maybe you did intentionally, but your camera went off and on.
SPEAKER_L: I was my, it's because I'm not very close to my wife, I let me move a few feet closer. Yeah, hopefully this is better. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, yeah, I hear you about walking. Uh I mean, well, I had this thing basically where I would uh you know, take the train and while it kind of sucked because sometimes it would like, you know, derail. Um but I would play on the Nintendo switch while listening to an audiobook on the way in, uh do that again on the way out and then go to the gym and then walk home. And at that rate, I was probably able to go through like, you know, A few hours of audio content. Oh God, at least probably like six or 7 hours of audio content a week just doing that. Yeah, released.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I guess, I mean this is just because the train sucks so much, but I don't know, I guess I was a way to just force myself to listen to something while playing something and.
SPEAKER_L: Really sucked into video games since the pandemic started. Um But mostly like stupid computer games uh like Pardew valley, which is like I inherited a farm and the game I get to do all the stuff that I can't do here, like go outside and forage food, uh go outside and fish. But yeah, it's been sort of a bummer. Um Like I mean like you mentioned, like you go to the gym after work and I was climbing and hiking and then like where I live, I can't even walk outside and really socially distant, so what all that has just gone down. Yeah, but I guess like the good hand is I have to do less laundry now that I'm not wearing office close workout
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah, that is true, laundry has gone down significantly.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And my friends who used to go out uh drinking a lot and they be like I'm saving a ton of money. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: basically had to train uh coffee, having bought coffee and since March from like a restaurant like Dunkin Donuts for example.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I did go out and I got iced tea from a coffee shop um while running errands on saturday. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: So you said you have a girlfriend, do you guys do date nights or anything some
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I go
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: up there occasionally. Uh she's just got a new job so I'll probably be able to go up there and stay stay awhile. Well she has uh she's just basically took a stake in a few weeks off in between them, so stay there. Um We've pretty much been doing the same thing, I mean we're not like we were being social animals before this whole thing. Although I was actually trying to make, trying to trying to make new friends uh for the first time in like over a decade and I was and I mean making them online. Uh But like I was on the cusp of like yeah right as I was on the cusp of actually stealing the deal like you know, meeting these people pandemic happened.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. It's really hard um in one hand, but on the other hand, so I was super social and I didn't realize how easy it would be to do nothing. So I guess I'm more introverted than I thought. Like the only person that I see regularly is my boyfriend and then ironically the people I talked to most are those who are like far away. So like my friends from like grad school or high school, like I end up talking to them because we, that's like how we usually talk where I was like my local friends. It's like we don't want to do another zoom call and like the normal stuff we would do to get together. It's like that's not like a possibility. I can't go just shows or rock climb or even go out to eat. Like they opened up the restaurants but and out. I don't really trust it still.
SPEAKER_R: The bad idea to go into a restaurant or a bar. Those are basically the hot spots that are generating a lot of those.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: do not.
SPEAKER_R: your camera faded out again in case that matters for the study or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: I guess you could forget. We have like a survey afterwards. Um, I'm might have to report that, but I don't actually remember like it was more like passions about like water mood is uh huh Yeah. So I've been having like the internet
SPEAKER_R: Room
SPEAKER_L: troubles recently and I don't know why. Um, it's not like now, also everybody is on the internet or like bandwidth and wifi issues because It's like four months into quarantine. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I had a little few wifi issues but nothing major just reboot the router when that happens. I guess that usually makes it work. Yeah. I'm just trying to think about quarantine. Yeah just uh I don't know I mean I guess it's just I guess for me like if I wasn't for but if I hadn't established friend quest I'd be like oh whatever but because frank west was kind of interrupted a little bit I'm still like oh God can they just carry this care this thing already? Goddammit sometimes. Well I mean also for you know the snake I'm not dying to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, I ended up visiting my mom in central Illinois and people there like they don't, they don't care like I was in a grocery store and people walking around without masks and I was like, this is terrifying. Um especially like my mom's older and so like I was worried about that, but like her job there, like not even allowing her to work from home. So, um, it's weird to think about how stratified, I guess the country is in terms of like where people are taking it super seriously and the amount of guilt I have for like visiting my mom first, like, you know, in their hair. So. Yeah. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Well if you properly uh follow the stuff and I guess you don't pose that much of a risk to your mom regardless
SPEAKER_L: I mean she would probably put more risk to me than I did to her. It was my boyfriend and I went out there and so we were like okay we're going to self isolate. We're gonna like not go to the grocery store, we're gonna like make sure that we stock up on hand sanitizer for the airplane, airplane. Um The airports like we were, she lives in an area where it's like you have to rent a car and then drive a few hours were like we're gonna you know immediately drive down and like not stop for like food or whatever. And then it was like the wild west where she was like no rules. I was like shocked that people were just walking and they were in a in a later phase then Where we are though. Like we just entered Phase two. Um Yeah well
SPEAKER_R: What state
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in the D. C. Area and I should say that it wasn't just we just entered phase two. I don't understand how time works anymore. So it feels like we just entered phase two but I think it's been like a month. Yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: maybe that's it. I don't know. I think that they shouldn't even I think that we should still be like where we were in april but whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that Chicago was like phase for but still was pretty. People were there were pretty good about it. Um Like wear masks but we know this that there's like the daytime crowd and the people who are going out at night to like hang out and party and those people were the ones who were wearing that
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: or not as frequently but yeah. Um In D. C. I think like we've had a lower incidence rates and like surrounding counties. Um But My neighborhood is like the highest rates indeed. Or one of the top three um neighborhoods at all, chopra risk it.
SPEAKER_R: Virginia. I don't know about Maryland, Virginia has been the greatest. I don't know about Maryland D. C. Proper. I have no idea I haven't really followed.
SPEAKER_L: we were looking um where my boyfriend is like that county had higher rates. Um I'm like a higher total number of cases than like west Virginia the whole state. And part of it is like it's just more crowded, but it is kind of ridiculous. I have like a couple of colleagues have gone to other states to like um one person, she's like yeah, I went down to south Carolina to stay with my parents. Um And she's been there since like March. Um You know it sounds sounds like a good idea because like she can really socially distance down there. Um We had another colleague whose parents are also in south Carolina with Hollywood vacation homes, so they're like, we just need to get out of like a big city, be able to be somewhere where you can walk around in relative peace, so
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah I'm thinking that what what's going to happen in the fall it's going to be so much worse. But the way that the schools reopening and everything I'm ready to hunker down uh way harder than I did in the spring.
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's good, I think hopefully it'll be easier with the weather. Um You know people like want to cozy up starting in late fall, early winter. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I usually get bummed around this time because it's like oh boy summer has already peaked already. But I don't know I'm now I'm just like like just because the weather you can really matter if you're in all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess another thing is I say that I'm a lot of sunscreen, I don't have to worry about putting sunscreen on my face every morning because yeah, usually it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like a
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: five minute walk to work um so but now it's like yeah, definitely not channing, um not getting any sunlight unless
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: by accident, so
SPEAKER_R: yeah I was when I was going running but I don't know I'm not gonna go running for a little bit just hurting my back. And also my neighborhood is full of idiots. And there's been well they've been not only have they been idiots, like a whole season long, but now there's been, you know, restaurants with covid cases on my running routes. I'm like, yeah, I don't know the demographic is just kind of the kind of bonehead that you see uh getting infected now. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean that's tough. Um it's also like, I don't know, I just assumed I would get it at the beginning because I think like my merkel's like 70% of Germans are going to get it, I was like oh then that means 70% of Americans are probably going to get it probably in like urban areas, so I just assumed I would get it. Um And surprisingly not, a lot of my friends have had one friend who unfortunately is immune compromised and her and her husband got it, but I've been pretty fortunate of like being in a safe bubble for the most part, which is good. Uh and There was like, but there was one maybe in april where my work number, like let's just get it so that we have it and then maybe
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: it was like well we don't know if the antibodies actually work or how they work. So it's like okay, so for another year just don't know how my life is going to be, It's so weird.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, getting it can be a real gamble. And also even if you survive, you can screw up a lot of your organs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just heard something about like an impacting people's hearts that they had a heart attack which yeah, terrifying.
SPEAKER_R: yep, basically, you know, have one recommendation is listen this podcast podcast this week in virology by these, you know, older virologists. And uh, we talked about the science behind this stuff and I usually find it just by listening to it. I'm better informed than anything I read online. I mean just by that, I mean anything I read like on a news website, so I would check it out. It's worthwhile.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: do you have been,
SPEAKER_R: blacked
SPEAKER_L: like he said
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: after so many articles as like, you know, I'm fine, like I'm not going to like seek out information anymore, like I know that I'm supposed to be wearing a mask and um cleaning surfaces that are used frequently and washing my hands. Um but I think I was like going crazy because it felt like that was all I was saying on twitter or news feeds or like news articles of just like covid stuff and I'm like, I need anything else. And then there was murder hornets and I was like maybe I should just take a break from news.
SPEAKER_R: not me. I am desperate to see the greatest, this is the kind of morbid, but I really want to see what happens out with these people, these reality denying folks and whether what is it, what is it going to take for them to be snapped out of their bubble of nonsense and disinformation and crap? And it seems what it takes is that takes us them literally getting covid not not somebody they know getting covid, them getting Covid, nothing else will do the trick. Because I'm like, you know, I mean, I don't it sounds like you're probably not a trump supporter, which I am definitely not All right. So, you know, uh,
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: I wish ill upon them because they wish ill upon the rest of us. So,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean that's felt when like, oh great, you voted in trump, you're gonna get what you deserve and that felt petty at the time, but it's also sort of like it's nothing is gonna matter. Um they're going to keep doing them. Uh but I was I was both sad and a little schadenfreude e to see that Herman cain died because he contracted covid at the trump rally. Um Like obviously I don't want people to die even if I don't respect them, but at the same time it's like, yeah, I think that was going to go
SPEAKER_R: it's the only it's honestly it's the only silver lining there is. So I just, I seek it out. It's the primarily reason why. Primary reason why I read threads about Covas, I'm just looking for this kind of stuff. That's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it. I mean, some people are going to get it, so somebody is going to get it. I hope that it's at least somebody who's, you know, make our lives worse and push for those kinds of things, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I saw uh shoot, I forget her name, but I saw on twitter from either like a journalist or a comedian or something and they were just like, you know, this is the one time that I wish that trump had created trump masks, like the number of Covid cases would go severely down if trump was marketing maga masks, like, because as much as I like, again, I don't want somebody killed, but at the same time like they're the same people using my grocery store, you know there getting other people sick. Um And yeah, I guess I was like I I've been more worried about damaging my friend who is immune compromised and then my mom is a smoker so like and she's older so it's just like like I'm more worried about other people because I still young enough to not recognize my own mortality. Uh But I just assumed that like if I got it I would get over it, but for other people like it's just scary. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Well, I just, I've always wondered throughout this presidency whether they could be snapped out of their craziness when the rubber meets the road and I guess this just isn't good enough to do that. Like for example, my coworker was saying when they were trying to repeal Obamacare, he said, let them up with them repeal it. When a lot of them lose their health insurance, lot of them won't realize, oh, maybe this isn't really what I want after all. But
SPEAKER_L: we have
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I don't
SPEAKER_L: there's been a lot of new cases of like republicans who are like I'm not voting trump now um Unfortunately a little bit too late, but
SPEAKER_R: not enough of those very small minority.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Um Well we've been talking for 25 minutes about before uplifting topics.
SPEAKER_R: Cook.
SPEAKER_L: Pandemic in politics.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's what I would be talking about I guess anyway. So call the web.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um Well it was nice talking with you. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Same to you.
SPEAKER_L: you stay safe, avoid running around covid restaurants. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: You too have a good night.