on the front steps, fell over sideways and gassed until she started to hiccup, go inside and say hello to your grandmother, Patricia said, feeling suddenly grateful to kitty. Aren't they such little pills at that age, Kenny said, watching Corrie go, they are peculiar. Patricia said They're pills. She said that her little pills go out to be tied up in a second, let out when they're 18. Set up in a second, let out wondering Oh, I know, mm mhm. I'm trying teen who ought to be tied up in a second letter when they're 18 here, I brought you this. She handed Patricia across a new paperback copy of Evidence of love. I know you think it's trash kitty said, but it has passion, love, hate, romance, violence, excitement. It's just like thomas hardy only in paperback and eight pages of photos in the middle. I don't know. Patricia said, I don't have a lot of time, like Kitty was already retreating to her car. Patricia decided that this mystery should be called Patricia Campbell and the inability to say no. To her surprise, she tore through the book in three days. Patricia almost didn't make the meeting right before she left. Corey washed her face and living tubes to get rid of her freckles and wound up getting it in both eyes, sending her shrinking into the hall, where she ran face first into a door knob. Patricia blessed her eyes with water, put a bag of frozen peas on her crusade, told cory she had just as many, if not more freckles when she was her age and got her settled on the sofa with MS mary to watch the Cosby show. She made it to the meeting. 10 minutes late, Kitty lived on seaweed farms, a 200 acre chunk of Boone hall plantation that had been parceled off a long time ago as a wedding present to some lord proprietor or other through misadventure and poor decision making. It had come to Kitty's grandmother in law, and when that eminent old lady had declined elegantly into her grave, she passed it on to her favorite grandson, Kitty's husband force way out in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by flooded rice fields, entangled pine forest dotted with broken back out buildings inhabited solely by snakes. It was anchored by a hideously ugly main house, painted chocolate brown and wrapped in sagging porches and rotting columns, with raccoons in the attic and a possums in the walls. It was exactly the kind of grand home suspended in a state of gracious decay. Patricia thought all the best charlestonians own now. She stood before the massive double doors on the sprawling front porch and press the bell, and nothing happened. She tried again. Patricia, kitty called Patricia, looked around, then up kitty leaned out the second floor window, go around to the side, kitty hollered. We haven't been able to find the key to that door and forever she met giddy by her kitchen door. Big kitty said don't mind the cat Patricia didn't it? Sure. Mhm. Okay. Hi
how are you doing?
Uh I'm Sarah
good. Have you done one of these before?
my 2nd 1 so yeah it's fine.
Um I had signed in because I feel like otherwise I would have gotten distracted with after work stuff so.
uh huh You still get paid that? Right?
Uh huh. Uh For doing nothing I guess what's nice?
No.
Yeah um I think the timer started on the other page so I assume it,
Well I can wait for you to finish
Okay are you working or?
yep. Have you been using it long?
Okay how do you like it so far?
Oh that's good yeah I just typically sign in uh whenever I want to waste some time.
It's got a nice pocket money.
what do you mean by their terrible
Mhm. I tried to have a couple of times but I felt like it wasn't really worth the effort. Um
Yeah
uh maybe about a year, I'm not quite sure. My friend told me about that. Um this and another site user testing and so I was like oh that will be interesting to look at what people are researching. Um And the pay isn't super bad I try to focus on something that is interesting because I get really sick of answering covid surveys. But
yeah It's hard to concentrate on something for so long especially since I usually do it to like take a break from work or something. I don't be doing it for more than a 5, 10 minutes anyway. So
yeah, East Coast right after.
Have you are you from the east Coast originally?
um I'm assuming not boston based on your accent.
Uh huh. Uh huh. Are you hopeful there? Did you
nick?
Yeah, I've had to move my workstation at home frequently because they well I get better reception for wifi and one area, it's really depressing during most of the daylight because of what sunlight you get through the windows. Oh
I grew up in florida and Illinois so around. Um But I've been on the east Coast for Uh 11 years now I guess so. Uh I guess this is home. I don't imagine that will be moving moving elsewhere.
I will say that I've been really missing having friends political slightly. Uh, That was the big benefit of growing up in florida's. If you didn't have a pool, you had half of your friend group, a personal pool. So
yeah, no public pools. Um but it's been crazy. So it would be nice to go for a swim.
I mean, I'm assuming you didn't imagine that we would be self isolating for this long.
Yeah. My work is already said that. Um, it was like, oh well come back in june, we'll come back in july. We probably won't come back before labor day and as it stands right now it's um January four is when they expect to open our offices back up. But given that goal just said mid-2021, I wonder if our company is going to other. Um
it will say that I'm really miss walking to work, so, but
I was my, it's because I'm not very close to my wife, I let me move a few feet closer. Yeah, hopefully this is better. Uh
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really sucked into video games since the pandemic started. Um But mostly like stupid computer games uh like Pardew valley, which is like I inherited a farm and the game I get to do all the stuff that I can't do here, like go outside and forage food, uh go outside and fish. But yeah, it's been sort of a bummer. Um Like I mean like you mentioned, like you go to the gym after work and I was climbing and hiking and then like where I live, I can't even walk outside and really socially distant, so what all that has just gone down. Yeah, but I guess like the good hand is I have to do less laundry now that I'm not wearing office close workout
Okay. And my friends who used to go out uh drinking a lot and they be like I'm saving a ton of money. Mhm.
Yeah, I did go out and I got iced tea from a coffee shop um while running errands on saturday. Uh huh.
So you said you have a girlfriend, do you guys do date nights or anything some
at
Uh huh. It's really hard um in one hand, but on the other hand, so I was super social and I didn't realize how easy it would be to do nothing. So I guess I'm more introverted than I thought. Like the only person that I see regularly is my boyfriend and then ironically the people I talked to most are those who are like far away. So like my friends from like grad school or high school, like I end up talking to them because we, that's like how we usually talk where I was like my local friends. It's like we don't want to do another zoom call and like the normal stuff we would do to get together. It's like that's not like a possibility. I can't go just shows or rock climb or even go out to eat. Like they opened up the restaurants but and out. I don't really trust it still.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
do not.
I guess you could forget. We have like a survey afterwards. Um, I'm might have to report that, but I don't actually remember like it was more like passions about like water mood is uh huh Yeah. So I've been having like the internet
troubles recently and I don't know why. Um, it's not like now, also everybody is on the internet or like bandwidth and wifi issues because It's like four months into quarantine. So.
Yeah. Um, I ended up visiting my mom in central Illinois and people there like they don't, they don't care like I was in a grocery store and people walking around without masks and I was like, this is terrifying. Um especially like my mom's older and so like I was worried about that, but like her job there, like not even allowing her to work from home. So, um, it's weird to think about how stratified, I guess the country is in terms of like where people are taking it super seriously and the amount of guilt I have for like visiting my mom first, like, you know, in their hair. So. Yeah. Mm.
I mean she would probably put more risk to me than I did to her. It was my boyfriend and I went out there and so we were like okay we're going to self isolate. We're gonna like not go to the grocery store, we're gonna like make sure that we stock up on hand sanitizer for the airplane, airplane. Um The airports like we were, she lives in an area where it's like you have to rent a car and then drive a few hours were like we're gonna you know immediately drive down and like not stop for like food or whatever. And then it was like the wild west where she was like no rules. I was like shocked that people were just walking and they were in a in a later phase then Where we are though. Like we just entered Phase two. Um Yeah well
it's not
I'm in the D. C. Area and I should say that it wasn't just we just entered phase two. I don't understand how time works anymore. So it feels like we just entered phase two but I think it's been like a month. Yeah. What?
Yeah. Yeah that Chicago was like phase for but still was pretty. People were there were pretty good about it. Um Like wear masks but we know this that there's like the daytime crowd and the people who are going out at night to like hang out and party and those people were the ones who were wearing that
or not as frequently but yeah. Um In D. C. I think like we've had a lower incidence rates and like surrounding counties. Um But My neighborhood is like the highest rates indeed. Or one of the top three um neighborhoods at all, chopra risk it.
we were looking um where my boyfriend is like that county had higher rates. Um I'm like a higher total number of cases than like west Virginia the whole state. And part of it is like it's just more crowded, but it is kind of ridiculous. I have like a couple of colleagues have gone to other states to like um one person, she's like yeah, I went down to south Carolina to stay with my parents. Um And she's been there since like March. Um You know it sounds sounds like a good idea because like she can really socially distance down there. Um We had another colleague whose parents are also in south Carolina with Hollywood vacation homes, so they're like, we just need to get out of like a big city, be able to be somewhere where you can walk around in relative peace, so
I mean that's good, I think hopefully it'll be easier with the weather. Um You know people like want to cozy up starting in late fall, early winter. Oh.
Yeah, I guess another thing is I say that I'm a lot of sunscreen, I don't have to worry about putting sunscreen on my face every morning because yeah, usually it's
like a
five minute walk to work um so but now it's like yeah, definitely not channing, um not getting any sunlight unless
by accident, so
Yeah, I mean that's tough. Um it's also like, I don't know, I just assumed I would get it at the beginning because I think like my merkel's like 70% of Germans are going to get it, I was like oh then that means 70% of Americans are probably going to get it probably in like urban areas, so I just assumed I would get it. Um And surprisingly not, a lot of my friends have had one friend who unfortunately is immune compromised and her and her husband got it, but I've been pretty fortunate of like being in a safe bubble for the most part, which is good. Uh and There was like, but there was one maybe in april where my work number, like let's just get it so that we have it and then maybe
it was like well we don't know if the antibodies actually work or how they work. So it's like okay, so for another year just don't know how my life is going to be, It's so weird.
Yeah, I just heard something about like an impacting people's hearts that they had a heart attack which yeah, terrifying.
And
then
do you have been,
like he said
after so many articles as like, you know, I'm fine, like I'm not going to like seek out information anymore, like I know that I'm supposed to be wearing a mask and um cleaning surfaces that are used frequently and washing my hands. Um but I think I was like going crazy because it felt like that was all I was saying on twitter or news feeds or like news articles of just like covid stuff and I'm like, I need anything else. And then there was murder hornets and I was like maybe I should just take a break from news.
I think
Well, I mean that's felt when like, oh great, you voted in trump, you're gonna get what you deserve and that felt petty at the time, but it's also sort of like it's nothing is gonna matter. Um they're going to keep doing them. Uh but I was I was both sad and a little schadenfreude e to see that Herman cain died because he contracted covid at the trump rally. Um Like obviously I don't want people to die even if I don't respect them, but at the same time it's like, yeah, I think that was going to go
like
yeah, I saw uh shoot, I forget her name, but I saw on twitter from either like a journalist or a comedian or something and they were just like, you know, this is the one time that I wish that trump had created trump masks, like the number of Covid cases would go severely down if trump was marketing maga masks, like, because as much as I like, again, I don't want somebody killed, but at the same time like they're the same people using my grocery store, you know there getting other people sick. Um And yeah, I guess I was like I I've been more worried about damaging my friend who is immune compromised and then my mom is a smoker so like and she's older so it's just like like I'm more worried about other people because I still young enough to not recognize my own mortality. Uh But I just assumed that like if I got it I would get over it, but for other people like it's just scary. Um Yeah.
we have
there's been a lot of new cases of like republicans who are like I'm not voting trump now um Unfortunately a little bit too late, but
Yeah. Yeah. Um Well we've been talking for 25 minutes about before uplifting topics.
Pandemic in politics.
Yeah. Um Well it was nice talking with you. Uh
you stay safe, avoid running around covid restaurants. Uh huh.
Have a good day.