Hello?
I'm doing all right. Mhm. Yeah,
I'm dave how you doing,
nope. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I'll admit it wasn't completely eradicate. Didn't expect anybody to uh actually be on the other end right now.
Yeah, I got some headphones. I had a uh finish eating. I just I actually had tried yesterday and nobody showed up. So I thought to myself, okay, Maybe No 1's going to show up for these.
Yeah, I paid a whopping dollar. Yeah. And 50 cents
I suppose so.
I guess. I don't know whether this counts towards the 25 minutes, but I am I will admit I am not as fully committed at the moment. Did I imagine I'd expect me to be.
What kind of a there's just like an information, an informational clock in case you don't have one, I think. Yeah.
Okay. Let me get my headphones. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah, but Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Can you hear me? All right, So now you should be you shouldn't be able to hear the beeps from my other programs that are open.
No, just in one of those post work. Oh my God, I have a million things I haven't done on the internet and everybody is asking me to ask me questions and then uh two other things I suppose. So, you're a user of prolific as well?
No, just a week, a few weeks. I've mostly been using mechanical Turkish I've used for years. And I joined a uh discord server for mechanical turk. And I said, hey, how come mechanical Turks been so crappy recently? Anyway, I don't know. I've been using prolific. So I said, all right, well, I'll give it a shot.
I like uh use I think that they support a add on that notifies you when one goes up, so that's actually pretty helpful.
Well, there aren't usually that many studies up, so that's why I'd like to solve. The problem is with mechanical turk. Uh You have to use these other adult ones to really really track fantastical up. And it's not so easy because it doesn't alert you when A good one goes up because there are so many there are up at the moment. So. Yeah I mean I probably make what $10 cash out uh The two times a week that they disperse payments.
Yeah well um mechanical turk. I was been hauling in like 100 bucks a week. Yeah I mean it's it's just the volume on there is sometimes such that you can just really make a ton if things are good but which they are terrible. Um
Yeah we'll rely on people that post good assignments essentially. And if nobody's post secret assignments and more and more people are looking for those assignments, they kind of dry up a bit more people are after them. Especially now I get the sense you know with the economy's going and everything that I mean I'm just doing this for chump change but you know some people try to make a living off of it.
Yeah I mean basically the thing is like I've been using it off and on since 2012 so I kind of know what to look for a little bit uh huh in
the add ons help in that regard by showing you the best of the best. Sometimes you can curate. Um But yeah, how about you? How long have been using prolific?
Yeah. I I basically just go for the ones that paid decently. Um and don't require too much time because the bubbles after bubbles after bubbles after bubbles is driving me nuts.
Yeah. So obviously it sounds like you're in the United States as well.
they were
yeah just massachusetts. Yeah.
Uh not boston proper but the boston metro area. Yeah.
I've
just been bouncing around these days uh uh Got apartment in Quincy and uh switching their between their my girlfriend's house at my parents house because honestly I got a little uh studio. But yeah to work out of a studio and live out of the studio all day, it doesn't get a lot of natural light, it's just not good.
How about you? Where are you from to the extent you are willing to disclose such things?
Yeah, I just throw it up here. Mhm. How do you like it here on the east Coast compared to say florida or Illinois?
but that was not a particularly good time for pools anyways.
yeah, swim, yeah, a lot of the good stuff, I mean it's kind of a last summer in a way. Okay.
No, I remember, I mean in March, remember thinking all right, maybe this will just be a few weeks and will actually manage to take care of it then I realized, okay, no, this isn't going away in a few weeks, but then I remember like I saw a meme uh like are you familiar with like the meme of like uh from predator of like Arnold Schwarzenegger and another actor shaking hands really firmly basically. Uh you know just the meme is like uh okay, like me seeing my buddy at the gym after three months of quarantine and the farms are Photoshop are altered to be like much much skinnier and dinner, but everybody but I was at the time, I think you and I was so far away and I'm thinking, yeah, maybe next to if we're lucky.
So there you go. Uh huh.
Yeah, at all. It's a place by the way, your maybe you did intentionally, but your camera went off and on.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I hear you about walking. Uh I mean, well, I had this thing basically where I would uh you know, take the train and while it kind of sucked because sometimes it would like, you know, derail. Um but I would play on the Nintendo switch while listening to an audiobook on the way in, uh do that again on the way out and then go to the gym and then walk home. And at that rate, I was probably able to go through like, you know, A few hours of audio content. Oh God, at least probably like six or 7 hours of audio content a week just doing that. Yeah, released.
Um
I don't, I guess, I mean this is just because the train sucks so much, but I don't know, I guess I was a way to just force myself to listen to something while playing something and.
that's true. Yeah, that is true, laundry has gone down significantly.
basically had to train uh coffee, having bought coffee and since March from like a restaurant like Dunkin Donuts for example.
huh.
Oh yeah, I go
up there occasionally. Uh she's just got a new job so I'll probably be able to go up there and stay stay awhile. Well she has uh she's just basically took a stake in a few weeks off in between them, so stay there. Um We've pretty much been doing the same thing, I mean we're not like we were being social animals before this whole thing. Although I was actually trying to make, trying to trying to make new friends uh for the first time in like over a decade and I was and I mean making them online. Uh But like I was on the cusp of like yeah right as I was on the cusp of actually stealing the deal like you know, meeting these people pandemic happened.
The bad idea to go into a restaurant or a bar. Those are basically the hot spots that are generating a lot of those.
You're
your camera faded out again in case that matters for the study or whatever.
Room
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I had a little few wifi issues but nothing major just reboot the router when that happens. I guess that usually makes it work. Yeah. I'm just trying to think about quarantine. Yeah just uh I don't know I mean I guess it's just I guess for me like if I wasn't for but if I hadn't established friend quest I'd be like oh whatever but because frank west was kind of interrupted a little bit I'm still like oh God can they just carry this care this thing already? Goddammit sometimes. Well I mean also for you know the snake I'm not dying to.
Well if you properly uh follow the stuff and I guess you don't pose that much of a risk to your mom regardless
What state
are you in?
maybe that's it. I don't know. I think that they shouldn't even I think that we should still be like where we were in april but whatever.
What
Virginia. I don't know about Maryland, Virginia has been the greatest. I don't know about Maryland D. C. Proper. I have no idea I haven't really followed.
Well yeah I'm thinking that what what's going to happen in the fall it's going to be so much worse. But the way that the schools reopening and everything I'm ready to hunker down uh way harder than I did in the spring.
Yeah I usually get bummed around this time because it's like oh boy summer has already peaked already. But I don't know I'm now I'm just like like just because the weather you can really matter if you're in all the time.
that's
true.
So
yeah I was when I was going running but I don't know I'm not gonna go running for a little bit just hurting my back. And also my neighborhood is full of idiots. And there's been well they've been not only have they been idiots, like a whole season long, but now there's been, you know, restaurants with covid cases on my running routes. I'm like, yeah, I don't know the demographic is just kind of the kind of bonehead that you see uh getting infected now. So.
Now,
yeah, getting it can be a real gamble. And also even if you survive, you can screw up a lot of your organs.
yep, basically, you know, have one recommendation is listen this podcast podcast this week in virology by these, you know, older virologists. And uh, we talked about the science behind this stuff and I usually find it just by listening to it. I'm better informed than anything I read online. I mean just by that, I mean anything I read like on a news website, so I would check it out. It's worthwhile.
That's
my
blacked
go ahead.
not me. I am desperate to see the greatest, this is the kind of morbid, but I really want to see what happens out with these people, these reality denying folks and whether what is it, what is it going to take for them to be snapped out of their bubble of nonsense and disinformation and crap? And it seems what it takes is that takes us them literally getting covid not not somebody they know getting covid, them getting Covid, nothing else will do the trick. Because I'm like, you know, I mean, I don't it sounds like you're probably not a trump supporter, which I am definitely not All right. So, you know, uh,
I wish ill upon them because they wish ill upon the rest of us. So,
it's the only it's honestly it's the only silver lining there is. So I just, I seek it out. It's the primarily reason why. Primary reason why I read threads about Covas, I'm just looking for this kind of stuff. That's
it. I mean, some people are going to get it, so somebody is going to get it. I hope that it's at least somebody who's, you know, make our lives worse and push for those kinds of things, you know?
Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Well, I just, I've always wondered throughout this presidency whether they could be snapped out of their craziness when the rubber meets the road and I guess this just isn't good enough to do that. Like for example, my coworker was saying when they were trying to repeal Obamacare, he said, let them up with them repeal it. When a lot of them lose their health insurance, lot of them won't realize, oh, maybe this isn't really what I want after all. But
I don't know. I don't
not enough of those very small minority.
Cook.
Well that's what I would be talking about I guess anyway. So call the web.
Yeah. Same to you.
You too.
You too have a good night.