Hi, I cannot see you at all.
Yeah, I'm not sure either. I definitely can't see you though. Uh Maybe you could try exiting and coming back in just since I know that they wanted the recording of uh the people all stay in here to keep it Hi life mm
gorgeous. While you're trying to figure that out. Well what's your name? Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mhm Yeah yeah yeah,
I can hear you.
technology is so weird sometimes,
like
sometimes just has a mind of its own.
I'm Carly yeah,
nice to meet you too, you're kind of a weird setting for sure, but cool. Yeah. Mm Yes, yeah, I guess there's not really any set thing for us to talk about. Um
What?
Mhm That could work, Yeah,
I'll be here, yeah. Mhm Come on. Uh huh Yeah, a good part of that, Okay. Mhm Uh huh Yeah. Mhm Mhm I can see you now.
Uh huh I cannot hear you
strangely enough. I never just hear myself when I'm talking.
It's so strange.
See
if yeah,
I see your lips moving but I can't hear you at all. Okay.
Uh Mhm Mhm Yeah. Oh yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm.
Okay, I can hear you again but now Okay. Yeah.
Yes. Oh my God, Yes, Yeah. Oh
you got it, you got it,
How
rude, How are you? Mhm.
it would honestly do that.
Hi,
keep track of the time.
4 47. So you're on the east coast,
I'm
uh in California, it's 147 over here, interesting.
Cool, cool. High. How is everything going with for you right now with quarantine and everything?
Of course,
Cartoon
Yeah, I can relate to that at home with family as well. Yeah.
thank you.
Yeah, Yeah, it makes sense. I was living at home anyway, so nothing really changed for me, but yeah, definitely during this time being by yourself, that would be very lonesome.
they are. Yes they are. I'm taking a bunch of classes online. All my classes got transitioned to online, so it's been overwhelming, not respect.
Um I'm studying business, I'm about to uh transfer to for you your university. Um So. Yeah. Yeah, but I just found out that I was eligible to transfer like a couple of days before the deadline to apply, so there were a lot of classes that I needed to take this semester, so I have six classes now online. Too many.
It is, it is so like this quarantine, like I honestly it feels like not much time has passed because I've just been like online doing like just work after work, like every day I'm like I've just been home anyway, but it's crazy.
all of the day's blend together, we're like, oh is it thursday like? No, it's sunday, like what, where is time going? I don't even know.
Yeah. Yeah, I like the pattern on your shirt. Hmm.
Welcome.
Yeah.
True.
As long as it works, as long as it works. Yeah,
mm
I've been busy also, just not, I've just been busy on my computer just staying in the same place. Um We've been having some heat waves though, so it's been hot, it's a little too hot. It's okay though
here.
Last week, like last
Wednesday,
it is, it is last Wednesday. It got up to like the 90s. I was like, what are you doing? Whether I don't have insulation in my house. So it got very it was it was too much, it's okay.
Uh huh. No um thankfully I'm not inland, I'm more towards the coast so it's not terribly hot all the time but yeah. Um
No no not terrible. Um You said you have a cat, How how old is your cat?
How
old I weather?
How cute! Cute.
Mhm. It sounds like the good way to celebrate. Um I did that from my cat, my cat turned to not to a couple of weeks ago, so we did the same little thing to poison the new treat, not the way around.
I love that tight. They're so cute. I love cabbie.
I have four cats to too many cats. Uh
It's
true, it's true, I love them. Um Actually a we have a lot of neighborhood cats and one of them gave birth in my backyard to three little kittens. So for the last uh the past six weeks I've just been like taking care of them, like making sure they're all safe and actually found them homes for when they're ready to go. So um I'm happy about that. They're adorable though, just cute little
things.
yeah, yeah there's way too many cats in this neighborhood so like if something like that happens, the cat has kittens in my backyard, I'll make sure to like find them homes because I don't want the population to keep growing and like yeah I love the cats can't take care of them all, so yeah try to find homes the best I can. Yeah.
that's
it.
thanks,
I love
it.
Oh cats are great. Cats are so wonderful.
Yeah, just to see how they are without yeah, in their own space. More relaxed,
that's
great, that is one, yeah, mm. Yeah.
Um Pretty much pretty much I had one when I was younger um like when I was a baby probably until I was like three, then we didn't have one until I was in high school again like 14. Um So we've just had cats since then um uh Mom cat uh many years back gave birth in my backyard and we bonded with two of the kittens, so we're like okay we'll keep them in the mom, the vet told us they were all girls, one of them was not a girl, he ended up getting the mom and the sister pregnant, like at the same time it was terrible. Um So we had like I don't know too many more cats found them all homes. Um And then we just kept one more of those and it's been it's been great since then. Yeah. Yeah yeah and last year um Yeah those cats are like two
of them are 9, 1 of them is eight and then there was another there was a cat who was born in my there's too many cats being bored in my neighborhood. There was one that
would
lot of it's been over many years but a lot of kittens. Um Yeah two years ago there was a cat born in my my shed. I opened it up one day and there were like feathers on the ground and I was like oh no what's going on here? There was a mom and two kittens and the mom and one of the kittens like left after that, like it was time for them to go. But there was one kitten that just like stayed back and he like he was scared and he didn't know what to do. So he uh he lives with us now and when I I'll be moving for school, so when I go, that one will come with me. But his name is Pickles, he's white and gray. The
others are maine coons, right?
They're
like smaller ones because they're mixed with like patty um as well. But yeah, they're fluffy and great, mm.
They really are. They really are. Well.
how do you know? I'm like, oh God yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was even one crazy cat one time during my time in high school, uh this one, I don't know what happened to this cat. This cat was mean, this cat ran off eventually, but she really bonded with me. Um How this all started was the back door, my back door was open and one day I was I was taking a nap in my room, but my mom had left the back door open, and uh the cat came in and my mom found it in bed with me with its paw on my hand, like just like resting on my hand, and it was like, what, who are you, I don't know who you are. Um But anyway, she ended up like deciding like, oh I'm I like you guys, like, your, I'm bonded with you. I already had cats, my cats don't like her, were like, why are you here? I don't know, but that cat ended up getting pregnant and she, I went on a college trip, like a college tour to view different, different campuses, and she was very pregnant at this time. So I was like, oh, she will have had her babies by the time I get back, nope, she refused to have them until I got back the night I got back, she had them. But she was like, she was huge by the time I got back and I was like, oh no, Oh no, found all of them home stupid. But
yes. Yeah. It's been enough. You're spread out that I'm like, okay, somebody who wasn't ready is now ready. Things like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I am sure apartments and renting can be, can be hard for that animals. Yeah.
yeah, those are so cool. Uh huh.
You know, I've heard that I have a friend who has one and he always just likes to hang out with her. Mhm.
That sounds cute. Yeah. Mhm Sure. Mhm.
What
about you?
Cancer.
Well
now.
Oh, I was just one of mine,
I'm sure. Oh. Mhm. And
kidneys are wonderful. I love them so much. Yeah, I love, I love animals. I'm very allergic to cats and dogs. I love them though.
I'm so allergic to them. Like, whenever I go and hold the kittens that we have right now, so I get so witchy, but it's okay. I love them.
No, not, not, not nearly as much as uh used to. I've had examined my whole life, so, like, I'm always itchy anyway. So, um I'm like, I just washed my hands after I touched them or anything. They don't come into my room. Um but I give them love when I can put on a sweater. Give them some cuddles. Yeah.
No, no, I just, my love for animals is just too much to keep me from it.
Yeah. Yeah. Like, maybe I won't have a household. That's why I'm only taking one cat when I move. But like, I need to have some some living thing with me, you know, just a little bit of joy. Yeah.
Yeah. My one cats always yelling at me and I'm like I'm sorry, I can't put you as much as you like. Like I just washed my hands from setting you. I need I need a few moments but she doesn't understand the same way. Okay. Yeah,
that's true, that's true. Yeah, staying home, staying safe. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't gone to the store at all. My mom's been doing that. Just took one drive last week uh on the hottest day just to get into Macy. Didn't even go anywhere though. Didn't step out anyway. Um But
I don't have a C. And no insulation so it was like this is this is where we're going right now. Um Mind you, I live in san
Diego,
so
it's
not
the
words but
no no, no I don't, I do not. It's terrible. It gets so human and hot in here. I'm like oh it's okay, it's okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah it is okay. I'm used to it, I'm used to it. I've worked here for many years, it's okay. Car rides are nice. Gas is a lot cheaper right now, so it's it's not terrible.
Oh I'm curious.
I'm curious what are gas prices like out there? Mhm.
What about the same for about the same?
Oh my God, those are dreams. I think the lowest gas has gotten here was like 2 30
One of uh one of my friends, they oh my God, I forgot where they where they are but they filled up their entire tank for $10. Yeah, I was like, I want to be you.
what state are you in? Definitely wasn't here. But yeah, the easy things. Mhm. Mhm.
It was between
kind
of 10,
between 10 and 15 if I think of those numbers. But yeah, definitely nothing over 15. And I was like so where? Yeah. Crazy. Mm. Uh huh.
I
don't
know. I'm like how much more what time did we start at? Like it's been
it's been a pleasure talking
to you
but it's to make sure
47 okay we're getting close.
Yeah it's true.
I don't know. I'm sure a lot of people kind of just like it's strange you don't know what to talk about. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah
Thank
you.
Teaching online is so crazy because you don't have like you can't really see everybody's responses in the same way and especially for recording without like having anybody like watching you, you know
like
there's
no
interaction.
Yeah you're like okay I think you're gonna want to talk about this next, like how can I keep you in game? It's hard,
wow, that's cool.
How
can
you
expand
that?
Like how do you address the questions that you think will come up or the ones that you don't even know will come up? You know, like you have to try to after in those other aspects. Yeah, it's crazy.
Yeah, I'm sorry, this
is what
we
have
to
do.
understandably understandably
I get that. Yeah. I feel for teachers right now it's just a it's a strange time in recording lessons. I'm uh one of the classes I was taking was a singing class, which that was not academic, but like that one's strange to do on zoom call because like I have a teacher just like in tiny square like doing the vocal vocal trills and stuff. But like some of the notes are like so high, you don't hear it correctly on the, on the recording.
And then like if you have like, okay, we're going to have a performance. Like somebody sing. Like it's feed back. It's just all sorts of crazy. It's just like, oh, it's so strange time
for school.
But
like
Here,
I can imagine.
Welcome back later. Yeah, staff. Oh yeah, thankfully things were pretty individual in that class. So it was were able to like, I don't know, we just all mute ourselves and just have our own little practices and like kind of have a little check ins with her. But it's so different. It's so different just being fully online for something when you were supposed to be in person for it. Yeah. Like I, for my classes were already online which is why I like the switch was like I was already just spending time at home on my computer. Um But uh the ones that have switched online, I also had an accounting class that got switched online. Those like they have such a short amount of time to format those for online that like they're so different than like the online classes that were already formatted to be online, it's just not as put together at all. It's so it's so strange. Yeah.
and then of course there's like teachers out there too that are like I am not comfortable with the online format at all, that's why I was teaching in person so it it just it can it can make it difficult on all sides.
Turn
on
the projector
or something
It is honestly. Uh huh. Yeah bitch. Yeah. I'm waiting to hear
It is it is I'm waiting to hear right now whether school for fall semester is going to be moved online or not. Um orientation already was and that was only like a couple of weeks before school starts. So. Well we'll see, we'll see. Okay it's just a lot of questions up in the air.
Yeah. Yeah if it works I've already been accepted at a school so um I would be planning to move in august and then start school at the end of august. Um
um CSU stanislas. It's a it's out by Modesto close to like you Seymour said around around
their stockton. Yeah I'm from southern California though so it'll be a change but they will have a c up there so it will be okay. That's it. I know it'll be harder but still. Yeah. No I've I've had a sort of a weird school school system um School journey um I had some health issues, I wasn't breathing fully so I had some memory issues and whatnot. Um
No no it's okay though. I can fully breathe now so we're good.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah so I started going to san Diego state and then after like three years there I was just failing all my classes and not like I just couldn't I just couldn't function and then uh started going to community, finished up everything there. I switched my major three times which is why it's taken extra extra long. Um
um I started undeclared and then I was doing hospitality and tourism management and then I was doing kinesiology and then um I got disqualified from state and I was just like I just need to get done. So, um, I just picked business because good tools anyway over.
Yeah. Like I just need to be done. I'm in like six years right now. So I'm like, I'm just ready for the last two. Yeah. I didn't realize I would be ready to transfer until couple days before the application that, so it's like, all right, I'm just going for it and then all of this happened and now I'm like the school's going to be moved online or am I going to move up there and like start things?
Uh huh. We'll have to see. It's all a big question mark for so many of us right now. Mhm Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. That's cool though. Little bit of an array. It's cool.
there's always going to be demand for I. T. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Not necessarily
where you
are.
like.
Yeah, but just
on a paper
I I completely
understand. Yeah, I completely understand. Yeah.
Mm. Yeah. Okay.
And you're helping the next generation next generations
teaching at school. Mm.
yes, hopefully soon. Mhm.
And
I think
that's
pretty,
Okay, well
it's been a pleasure talking to you. I'm glad we finally got it to figure out
that
was
it was,
yeah, for sure, definitely. Okay, well, I hope you have a wonderful rest your day.
We did that.
How do you is a good guy? Oh,