Mhm. Yeah. But mm. Mhm. To look this is working or not. Yeah. Do you say my microphone is on? Yeah, we sure website had some kind of way to check this you're driving on. I see a little black screen and a big gray screen and that's it. I don't know if that's what I'm supposed to see. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. If I try opening this in a different browser, is it going to cause problems? Yeah. Probably. Right. I Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay. Hello?
I was wondering because my video is showing a black box and it says it's using my webcam but I don't know why it doesn't seem to be. Mhm. Right.
All right. Let's see if that works. Yeah. Well I came back but that doesn't seem any better. Let me see. Mhm. Mhm. I know my antivirus has done weird things to my webcam before, so let me see if there's a
your kids have
Okay. It was not seeming to do anything for a minute and then I looked in the icon for the microphone went muted and I don't know why. Yeah,
it really
is.
Anyway, I'm Jack, what's your name?
to meet you.
Well, since
I seem to be able to come in and out of this, how about I try opening it in a different browser and see if that helps.
Right, you're
I can see you.
Yeah, I cannot hear you
strangely enough. I just hear myself when I'm talking.
Mm mhm. So strange.
See
Mm
I see your lips moving but I can't hear you.
Yeah, yeah, but mhm Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh
I don't like this working.
jeez
Yeah, neither of the other browsers wanted to like I could see you and it briefly worked but then the sound wasn't working
and other weird things.
Yeah. Apparently Chrome was trying to use a camera that like a second camera that doesn't work for some, I don't know.
Oh. Uh huh. Anyway, high
we did it working All right. It's 4 47 right now. It just
keep track of the time.
Yeah. Where are
you?
Yeah, I'm in Virginia.
Yeah. It's crazy. I mean it's crazy for everybody,
but I don't usually live in Virginia. Usually live in Ohio but I decided to come stay with family
while this is going on. So I've been in my parents house for the past two months.
It's better than being completely
alone I think.
Right? Yeah. If I hadn't come back here, it would have been just me and my cat doing nothing because I work in schools and the church and those are very closed right now.
Studying.
That sounds like a lot,
right. Yeah. I don't even really have a sense of time anymore because there is no structure to anything. So like on one hand, it feels like it's been forever. And on the other hand, I'm like, I've only been here like a week. Right? Uh huh.
Right. It's actually mm.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, I got this from Zulily. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's a little weird ordering from them because apparently you order stuff from them and they order it from somewhere else and if they send it to you, it's a little
odd.
Uh huh.
So you've been busy?
It's been weirdly cold
here. It's still like in the 50s today, but it's supposed to go up to the 80s on the weekend, so
weather
is cured.
Yeah. Yeah. No not fun.
Yeah. It doesn't get too bad out by the water.
She just turned
three
few days ago,
we celebrated her birthday, we gave her a toy and some treats.
My cat's name is ruby. She's a tortoiseshell tabby mix.
they are. She has a really pretty coat. Mhm.
There's no such thing as too
many cats.
That's
nice. I'm glad you found people that can take care of them.
Yeah. I used to volunteer at a
cat
cafe in Ohio
that that's actually where I got my cat
because I was
volunteering there and we bonded.
The uh that cafe is really great for getting cats adopted because you know people get to just hang out with them.
They tend to average more than an adoption today at that place which
is
So have you always had cats?
What?
You
know you you have a lot of kittens going on
here.
Oh I love
man coons,
man coons are so pretty. Mhm.
That's funny how many times cats have been born around you?
Yeah. Well at least you have people you can send the cats off to.
Yeah. I have definitely been in places where I couldn't have cats and that was hard. Yeah.
Luckily for the few years that I couldn't have a cat, I could have a lizard. So I had a bearded dragon for a while.
Yeah. He was very sweet. Bearded dragons are surprisingly cuddly for lizards.
Mhm. Yeah. He would come up and like I'd put him on my shoulder and he'd like nuzzle into my neck. It was really cute.
Yeah. I will say it as a tip. Do not
get
pets from petsmart at all. Yeah I I got that dirty because I bonded with him while I was briefly working at Petsmart.
But because I worked there I can now say they really don't take care well of the pets that are in their stores. And my beauty only lived about four years and they're supposed to live about 10 because he had a condition from the like a genetic thing that just makes their liver shut down at some point
from
bad breeding practices. So my my P. S. A. Don't get pets from pets more.
Yeah I was very mad at them after that.
But I have my kitty now and it's all good.
You're allergic to cats and you have four of them.
You take a lot of Benadryl.
Well I'm glad it doesn't keep you from having them.
Yeah I I understand that feeling
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah I have always felt really bad for people who are allergic to cats and dogs because they're just so much joy but difficult if they cause you problems. Uh huh.
Well I guess you're used to washing your hands a lot and that much hasn't changed.
Yeah I I have not gone out anywhere unless it's to like take a walk around the neighborhood or go get groceries which we try to do like once every two weeks.
The currency is better than your house A. C. I guess.
lord
you
don't
even
have
like
A. C. That's awful
I'm sorry.
yeah that is true
its word.
Uh the last one I saw was a little over $2 right now
when when I was getting ready to leave Ohio When I first came out here like I filled up my gas tank and it was like under $2,
Yeah, I think it was like 209 when I paid attention when I was out yesterday. Mm. Uh huh.
Yeah. Where can you do that?
$10 for a tank of gas.
That's
unheard
of.
Trying to think of what else
to talk
about
is
for
47
I think
So we've got like seven minutes left to the minimum.
I wonder how many people who spend their time talking about what time it is.
Yeah. So normally I teach after school programs and my organization that I do that through has started doing things where we record stuff to send like prerecorded lessons to the school districts so that they can pass them out to their kids right now.
And I, that's what I've been doing the past few days. And it's such a different skill set from teaching something
in front of the
classroom,
I
don't
even
have
an audience,
Yeah. It took me a while to figure out how to even structure things because I teach video game design
and I do it through a website where they have like a sort of a visual editor for putting the game together and like I have sort of basic template for what game I'm trying to teach them how to make. But I do a lot that's individual to the kids as I get to stuff like here's the basic idea and then what do you want to do with
that? And then
I'll
help
them do
whatever creative thing they came up with, and that's how I normally teach. So I was like, so if I'm going to just have a video and talk at them, how do I even do that?
Yeah. And it's kind of like, okay, I'm just going to talk about like how to make the game that I made as an example game, and if you have other questions too bad, I guess, like,
I
don't
know
how to
address
that in this format. It's frustrating.
Like it's nice to have work to do, but it's sort of frustrating work.
That would be a problem. Yeah.
platforms
are, yeah, gosh,
my
my dad is in a chorus that has actually managed to keep having rehearsals over zoom, but they're formatted very
oddly to make that work.
My chorus just gave up. We're just on hiatus until we're allowed to meet again.
Yeah, because it's so different from teaching in front of a like normal classroom, that if everything that you call your lesson plans are designed to be taught in a classroom, it's not easy to just drop them in an online format.
Yeah, it must be hard if you're a teacher and you're not comfortable with technology like that, just Darryl. But you know, one of those people that would be struggling
to
follow
classes
trying to make a class? Oh well.
how much? Crazy.
So so are you going to go on directly to the next semester if it works?
Where were you going to?
got it.
Does not sound fun.
That's good.
What else were you doing?
That that one's kind of generically useful.
Yeah, we'll see, I guess. I don't know what happens with my stuff is I don't know if we're elementary and you know middle and high schools are gonna be back in session in the fall or not.
I get the switching majors thing. I have three different degrees in East asian Studies, Modern Languages and Information Systems,
Yeah I was thinking about being a professor originally but ended up not going that path for a variety of reasons and then was trying to find a normal job. And east asian studies is surprisingly not useful for so I went back for I. T.
You would think but I had a surprising amount of trouble getting a solid job out of it. Yeah
maybe like there's always demand somewhere but
particularly
in
that field they want specific things when they're hiring you so you need to have this or that specific certification or this or that specific experience. And I learned very quickly. But that doesn't get me.
Like if I could talk to someone in an interview I might be able to convince them of that
but
hitting
for the interview.
Yeah. Oh.
So I kind of give up on it and that's why I teach to kids now. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's I like doing that work.
Yeah. It'll be nice when I can do it again. Mhm.
All right. What's the time?
I think we're
at the
half
hour mark. Yeah.
Yeah.
Right. Yeah. That was weird for a
while.
Thank
you for being patient.
Yeah. You too.
Say hi to your cats for me.
Bye.