Mhm. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Thank you. Okay. Oh go on. Yeah. Mhm. Oh what? Okay Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Hey how are you?
is 11 here? So I'm doing good
now I get it.
Right right uh so where are you at?
Uh Southern Ohio
can't
okay yeah we're kinda in the middle of nowhere I never bother mentioning because it's the middle of nowhere but
oh yeah like it's a it's kind of nuts I think we refinanced I don't know five years ago now like 90,000 bucks for five bedroom three bath.
it's I don't know 1890s old house in the middle of town like 3000 square foot giant thing. Like
it's
southeastern now it's like the least populated part of the state so
That unemployment like 20% there
so if
you don't have a plan you're kind of screwed.
You're right.
I said my cousin lives in Westchester outside of Philadelphia and I think they spent like 450,000 on some house. He's like, yeah, bid sight unseen. My wife wanted it. It looked right. I was like, you guys are nuts. He's like, it
had been sold in two days. He's the best
cheap. That's
insane.
Yeah. It is. That's great. I mean like, I can't imagine I bought my first house for 75 about six months later. Some guy was on a I was at a How is that? Like Gary? And uh they're putting a boat in the guys like can you believe he paid 80,000 for the paint job on that boat? And I'm like, my house didn't even cost that much. Like yeah,
we're standing on a boat that uh you know, we painted in a garage with spray paint and it just looks nice like.
Actually,
yeah, I asked my lunch break, I'm a high school librarian, so Yeah.
Yeah, once I saw this one, I signed up for like 11:00 every day. Why
not?
uh for I think
this will be my 4th 1. The
all right. I looked out. Yeah. Well, it would be my fifth except Had some lady and I swear she said she was in the Philippines, but the whole time it was like on a 12th delay and like she would talk and then you would hear like, Wow, that was it was like this is the weirdest thing. So I gave up after 20 minutes. I was like,
I kept trying.
I know she's like, I got a different mike and you kind of sound like should hold up a mic and she's like plug it in and nothing worked. Uh huh.
I figure
I'm like, man, she's she's trying, she's
still got
$1.50.
what do you do?
That's
sweet
plan.
Then. I we
were
just
talking about this morning, we we go canoeing a lot because we have a canoe and we missed our window. Like it's gonna get cold this weekend. We got stuff going on every day that it could be nice. We're done. It's
in the garage for the year
and
I know it sucks like kind of everyone my whole day a little bit. You know,
I think today yesterday was nine years, almost 80 here. Yesterday. It's
like,
man,
then it's gonna be like 40
Saturday.
Yeah. That's nuts. I'm not, I'm not prepared for like the 40° stupid.
I was like, oh yeah, absolutely. We had like five or six days around like negative five or so you get like negative 10 to 12 with wind chill. It sucks.
Yeah, it's awful
now. It's like I'm an idiot. So you know like I bought this house and I can say is huge. It had like um
It would have like 600 unfinished square foot and it's, it's an old garage with a concrete floor and we finished it but it's never warm like it's already cold in there and it was like the room for the kids to hang out and watch tv but it's already cold just
you guys bundle up.
absolutely.
That's
the way to do that. Uh like warm water bottles, you throw one water bottle in your bed. I never would have done that, tossed the dog. It's worth
it.
what was it A girl worked with had a I don't know, fiance, whatever he was, he was, I mean I have no idea. They were
never married, they lived together for a while, but he
lived in michigan. He was yeah, he was a lawyer and uh he rode his motorcycle work like 11 months a year. He didn't in January and
she's like, oh yeah, he did jacket is the way to do it. That's
why I sold mine. I'm not I don't want to be cold.
Yeah, I don't
know
about
They're fun. I just, it's a money pit. Yeah. Well
mine was like a 1980 as blow money
on parts.
That's what I will say. It was the 80's Honda
like.
Oh no, well and I sold it to my nephew, kind of, I still have the title I guess I could call it installer then get
it
back.
But
well yeah, we don't have,
you don't have yearly taxes if you don't register. So when
he goes
to register,
I'll
pay,
he'll get the, uh, How much did you pay for this vehicle and you can write $1. I've done it on everything except for one car.
At
I put 1500 on one. That was my high. It's like,
that's,
yeah, I know it was a lot man. And I really, I paid three. It wasn't like, it was that much.
You know, you don't want to pay them when you have to do
the The little 97 Toyota I drive now. Like I always
tell people would I bought it for like 20 bucks.
Oh, it's a silicate. Yeah.
Is
I
love
them. It's like 2 40. I think I got it. I
got,
it was like,
no, no, no,
no. It's like,
like I got 100 and 70,000 miles. It's like 240,000 miles.
I drive
it all over the place.
no.
oh no, it really is the cheapest little car and
it
runs dry. I had one, it sucked.
The bigger advice is never buy a land rover, that's the biggest.
I got one of those,
Oh, she maybe gets 15 on a good day. I don't know. My wife drives it to work so it gets like a mile a day.
And if it goes any further, she's reimbursed. It's like, mhm.
Yeah, it's
like,
you
know,
yeah, she drives around every now and then to like deliver diapers to clients, like people that are in the program she works for. So she's like, oh yeah, I drove like 30 miles today,
that's the most I've driven all week. Like I drive 30 miles each way to work and back,
of course,
couple 100 on top of that everywhere. Now we realize that I said we're in the middle of nowhere, but like a proper
like walmart grocery store type. Big superstore. It's like 20 to 20 to 30 miles.
it's not,
it's
man,
I can walk to BP. I got a BP near me.
No, they make subs are pretty good. There have been 24
hours.
It works.
now
I live anytime I've lived in this city, it's been a bad plan.
Hey.
That's
Hey
loud
man.
That's
nuts.
man.
Yeah, I don't blame you now we hear them all the time here, but it's no big deal like
you're
you're
hunting.
Thank
you
because we always
laugh at
my
middle
My medal kids eight. And he asked all the time he's like, when can we go shoot guns again? Can we go shoot once again like. Yeah, I promise. He's like I
baseball
game
tonight.
But this weekend.
Mhm. You know at least you're into
it.
It's
like he's shooting us. I'm a pellet gun. It's it's good. Go
in the backyard. Have fun.
What
junk going on on my other screen over there. Uh
Oh yeah. They did it when we started having kids at home. They gave us two and I figured out to add a doctor. I got three. Now what
are these
side? You can watch netflix over here. Play game pass
here
Kids on this one.
I do like um this quarter we just started the second quarter's that are doing like uh two days, Two days a week and then their home and the other kids come two days a week. It's nuts.
it
right at times not real at this boy, but like We live 30 minutes, 40 minutes away. Like my kids are in school five days a week, Monday to Friday. It's nuts like. Yeah.
is.
Which I mean, I guess it hasn't like work wise, you can still
do you work just the same kind of but places being closed down doesn't help.
I said
that's
kind of helpful
at
that.
Yeah, it makes you nuts. But that's okay.
That's a we play music
like little breweries and wineries around here and stuff and weekends were off doing stuff. And uh the brewery, we we stopped there like every week and by like giant bottles of stuff because they're like, well we can't be open but we're open and serving to go, okay, we'll
be
there. Yeah, I was like, I'm gonna keep stopping here because once you can open back up, you're gonna pay me like 150 209 to hang out and sing songs. So yeah, why not?
Like I'm not gonna complain. Take
my
money
now.
nah,
that
sounds kind of gross.
That's
nuts.
We have
what is the elevator in columbus? And uh their their bigger like they saw all over the state one time they had some contest and I wrote a thing for him, like I'm just a normal guy and I like beer and I like your beer, so you know that's cool, right? And their owner contacted me is like, we want you to come in, it's our 20th anniversary. And uh when I got there, they're like we can't give you this, but you can purchase for $1 like bottle one of this limited run. All this stuff was like, okay, you know, he gave me all kinds of crap and he's like, yeah, we read what you wrote on our, on our website. Uh you know, everybody else that wrote this was like, I've collected every craft beer in the tri state area and all the stuff. He's like, you're just like, like it, it tastes good. He's like, we're normal
guys. We,
he's like, we started in our garage, we like you.
It was so not, is the craziest day, like
you show up and they're like, yeah, just get on stage. I'm like, no, I just, I just stand here.
Well, Qaeda, it's a, it's a weird project. I don't know all my friends, so I can never show up. So
I
always joke like it's like a Toki country bluegrass e stuff, but like,
my wife sings and I always joke that that's why I married her because then she has to show up.
Like, but is it,
Yeah, it's fun. You know, like we got, we got our, our kids go visit their mom every other week. So we're like, oh yeah, we got no kids this weekend, we'll go somewhere and hang out.
That's how it started. It turned into like a complete side job.
It's not bad. It's like, um I don't know. Let's see Between probably 3-500 a month. Just looking at this calendar
real quick for like
the next,
the next 2 to 3 months. I mean, then it slows down for a while, but there's weird little places that like only book a month out, like, oh yeah, we'll call you like, okay, I got other places that want to hear in advance, you know? like
remember?
Except you know, nobody wants to listen to it.
No.
Well
I have but not like I've seen it.
My
buddy of mine shared that video and I was like, what's this tallest man on earth? And I launch it. That's
how worried
I don't like
it
there. We do a lot
of like,
like we do you think of three hour show, we'll do like a half hour of original songs and then a whole bunch of like Todd Snider songs. If you ever heard of Todd Snider? Um
He's not job but like uh
let's see backwards in texas country like.
Yeah, it's fun and and you kind of get to make the joke every time that you know, I'm going to play like three hours of songs you've never heard. And you got to put up with like if
you don't like
them,
I
don't know, wagon wheels. Sorry man. I actually
I promised the bloody but if he shows up next time, I'll look it up on stage and play it as long as he sings it. I was like you got to do it. And he's a pretty cool dude. He does like uh he's done like a lot of regional touring. He's got a couple of records out, like he's like, oh yeah,
maybe I'll come hang out, how
do I bend? You kind of suck. So
you tell me you'll come, you don't show up. That's all right.
I don't complain.
Uh I think uh about May, so I had a had a second job and the pandemic thing killed it. So
I started was just looking for like extra cash for junk. This is like the
Exactly. It's like
it doesn't, you know, it's enough that it's like it's worth just sticking in savings and it's there when you need it, but it's not it's not great. But one of them, I think one of them I did like uh a month long marriage survey thing and it was like every night for a month you had to do it. And it was kind of nuts. But I think I made like $150 like. Yeah, I was like, Oh I'll do that.
Yeah. I just I just got to their website and book market.
This is kind of nuts.
Right. Well that's like, I don't know. We always say like it gives them a vacation fund or whatever. It's not like a full time job, but it's enough that it's worth doing. Like Especially these ones you hang on talk to somebody for 25 minutes. About exactly
I think the first couple people
I talk to you is like, oh yeah like uh you know trucks? I don't have one. I like t
I got
some sweet teeny,
right? And I
that's kind
of weird.
He's
got
is
it a joke like is he
is he being sarcastic?
Like
that's
so weird man. Yeah.
I signed up for that like in 2010 at my old, I was sitting my old job one day at lunch. I was like yeah whatever. I signed up for it. I made like $3 and then I got banned
well and then
I've
been bad forever like oh well I won't check it out again.
I don't
know.
My
my guess was kind of like either I did a really bad job 10 years ago or Probably it's because I let it sit and didn't do anything for like 10 years like.
at least
I don't
Well
that's a lot of work. You gotta type,
you gotta
email yourself stuff. Yeah exactly. You don't make nothing.
That's yeah,
there was there was one I saw, I think
it was on on the beer money. Read it. That was like
fill
out
forms, a lot of forms with fake
information like. No way man.
Yeah, I will but I want a premium. I
got
I got
time
you're gonna wait till summertime and then I'm gonna be home for three months and and then I'll do it.
no
it
is and and really I do it like, I don't know, I drive home, my kids are doing their homework so I leave it open on my phone and like sit there and just like, 010 cents. Okay.
Yeah, It's like, I'm just listening to, you know, tom goes to the store. It's the best book of second grader ever read. But
I tried that and I don't know why it doesn't work for me. Like maybe because I'm
job. Yeah, I will.
And even even what I do is like if I leave it open on the computer all day, like, you know, it's just a little one or, you know, in the tab.
I get nothing like, but I don't know maybe because I use Brave instead of chrome and brave.
It's
like
an adblock browser as a,
it's nice. The reason I started using it is, uh, it blocks youtube video ads. So if
I'm, if I'm showing students something at school because I teach half the day and run the library. So I'm like, oh yeah, we're going to watch this And I put up on the project and I don't have to watch. And and it's worth like,
you don't
ever have
to
worry
about it. You're just like, I'm gonna go ahead and throw this up there and it's on. But I don't know. I've used it for like five years now and
hang on, I'll even tell you, it says it's like, this is just I got this laptop this year, 48,000 trackers and ads blocked 1.5 GB would saved. Okay.
It's
like, I'm not getting stuff, but
I know.
And then,
so what I end up doing is leaving it open on my phone. Like I'll leave prolific open on the phone all the time and I'll claim it on my phone and then just reload the page and it works like I don't know if that's a good idea or not.
I hate doing him on the
phone.
It's like,
well
and
there's so many that are like computer only for no reason.
I haven't tried
it.
You know? It's like
like
browse.
that's a good try their good try. A good thing to try though. I'll check it
out.
Well yeah, because a lot of days I'll get home and like my laptop will be in the car. I'm like, man, I could do that one but I'm not going to go get it. That's a lot of word for
it's not even cold. I left my windows down all night last night. My car was cold this morning. We
had, we
had crazy,
we had baseball games and trunk or treat last night for the kids. So we're like, we got,
it drives through so it's like we're gonna
have that in a baseball game and one starts at six and one starts at 5 45. So you know
it's not
it's
impossible.
I got I got like five seconds left so I think we're good.
I'm pretty slow. I probably didn't start it.
It
Exactly. Hey Man, have a good one.
You
too?
All