how you doing, man?
You hear
me?
Got you. Yeah, tell me if it's muffled at all. I got a fan on and shit. I'm sorry. I don't know if I can swear. I'm I'm not supposed to swear. I'm not, sir.
All right. Good.
I
think it
only matters if you're specifically offended by it, so you're not offended by it.
That's
good because when I talk to strangers, I seem to swear more. I've noticed this. What's your name man?
Evan?
Yeah, You too man.
I am in Atlanta back. All
texas. I like texas. I don't
know.
All
right. What part of
where'd
you come from?
Leave?
All right. I'm Yeah, I still spent some time down in Austin. It was
it was fun this one for a while. I had a
No.
Yeah, that's what I hear. I I do stand up and I know a couple comics that have moved to texas specifically like the Dallas and Austin.
one other I think it's Houston. Yeah, I know a trans transvestite comedian that was like I gotta get out Atlanta.
I got to go to Dallas for people at nine.
It's like,
that totally blew my mind. I was like so texas is better for transvestites than Atlanta. She's like
yeah. Everybody is
and johnson
I think it's the guns. I
think
when everyone is armed and you don't know who is armed,
like there's no real way. Just let's just just super polite to everybody all the time is funny man. When I was down in, when I was in Austin, we were out on the street one day, there were all these arcades downtown and we would just go hang out, meet girls and stuff. The this guy was walking down the sidewalk with literal six guns in gun
belts, like, like a gun slinger just walking up. Yeah,
like he
was,
was
like, it was high noon and shit. It was hilarious. I just just like, wow, I guess nobody fucks with you. He's like, no, they don't. All right, dude,
that's cool.
just
even
a hint of a challenge. It's just like you want to draw down like, no, no, no, I don't want to, I don't have anything.
Yeah. Right. What do you do man?
Yeah.
Once.
yeah. Yeah, no, I'm right there with you. I've got it's just, it's exhausting like the surveys.
I
don't
mind
like a lot
of the
other
the other stuff you are like, you know, you can really make a lot of money just playing the, playing the games on your phone. And I was like really like, like, yeah, I just gotta just gonna sit there and plug away
at
it.
And I mean all
day
I
didn't realize because you know, there will be those things and they flow by and it doesn't sound that bad. It'll be like get to a level 100 it's like level 100. I'm like one of those like tower defense games that's
like four
days at least.
That's the
whole
game.
I know and there's so many of them to where it's just a scam to make you think that it's like, it's like paying out, just paying out like, you know, these kind of games of chance and stuff and they're paying you out here like this is sweet. I'm gonna hit this limit were in cash out soon and then you get like tin stints away from it and then you just stop earning, you know
week by.
Yeah.
Is that good? Is you make money doing it?
Is
it
all,
is it just all tips or you get like an hour like?
That's not.
I I
think, I swear to god that's Postmates fault because they got this, you got this fucked up pricing scheme and it's not everything but like you know, I always laugh when I looked through the Postmates because they got the Taco Bell and it's just like, it's the funniest thing, the way they have it set up to me, it's like everything else is like, you know there's like a surcharge, we expect a surcharge is expected to be a little overpriced, like all that's fine. But the Taco Bell, There's like a $12 delivery charge and I can just
eat a lot.
Well they're just like nobody's gonna
work talk about unless they're drunk and it's night and the people that were drunk Taco Bell at night, 12 bucks. They don't care. Whatever. Remember tacos, you're
getting
like
$6.
it's so funny. Yeah, I feel, I feel bad for you guys. I've been looking into the Uber car rental program cause I have a car. That's the whole thing. I keep thinking about like getting the Uber rental with hurts, we pay like 250 bucks a week and then drive Uber and then you can just keep the car
What's cool? Yeah, she's looking at that, man. I, I remember very specifically last year, last year, the year before when amazon was opening up its delivery for more like one day deliveries and stuff.
Well they did this whole program and I remember hearing about it, but it just seemed like one of those things that was gonna screw everybody over where they would buy you a van and you would finance part of the van, pay them back. It was like, it was like 10,000. They basically gave
you, I gave you $10,000 in a van and then you had to pay
them back.
Yeah, exactly. But I've I've met like two people are like, no man, it was a free van. It was awesome. I don't even work for amazon anymore. I'm just like, how much did you would be paying for it? They're like, I mean they gave me two grand,
you know, you're going to take a 10 grand set up, all these shelving things and they give you all they were like you gonna go here and buy this for you know $75 shelves and stuff and then people are like you know get $500 of shelves. They just go to Costco by all these shelves like so and over like seven grand this free van, it's just like man why didn't I do that, jesus?
I know they're just throwing
out vans.
It's like all you need to know about amazon right there and just like we'll
give
you a
bad
I know it cracks me up man. Like one of my favorite shows is that showed the expanse and you know get canceled on sci fi. And then he picked it up at Amazon Prime. I was talking to a bunch of people, a bunch of people that are fans and a con and it was like like I can't believe the show God save. And I was like I don't know I can't believe it. We share a favorite show with the world's richest man who owns the streaming platform. I mean that's like the best case scenario of all time. I mean I can't even imagine
a better scenario than that.
Like
I don't think so. I mean why would it? It's literally an audience of what if it was just that one dude that was the only person to watch that he could still keep it on for six
more.
Oh man it must be so nice. I would bring back man. If I if I had that money I would just bring back every T. V. Show
that.
make
part real. It cracks
me out there like that company is just going to eat all the other businesses and like we are all not cool with it. But at the same time we all buy from amazon and there's like,
no, we can't.
I know. I've been saying for forever. And it was used to be in reference to walmart that the convenience would be the thing that takes us all down and it totally is going to
be.
but
we don't get stormer.
Yeah. But they got the Soma government just gives you happy pills. You take the happy pills and just sit there watching the masked singer and just like I'm feeling great and everything's fine. That's, that's what I want. I just want. Mhm.
Comes with your taxes. Mm hmm. I love Braver world. Man. I
it's awesome. This is a great city for it. The South in general is actually pretty good for stand up because like yuppies are uptight, but like southern yuppies are a little bit better and just in general people are a little less up tight. Like I I forget about it because I'll just go out to normal shows in Atlanta do stuff, It's not like particularly offensive and I won't really think about it much because I don't get a ton of blowback except from drunk housewives and you know, bachelorette parties and
shit. Which
yeah, I mean it is what it is and I'll go out to like L. A. Or new york and it's just like you have to be careful what you say, like you have to be extremely careful what you say. It's it's completely nuts man. I was doing, I was doing trivia hosting in bars for a long time and
I kept,
yeah, you know like you six rounds and four questions and keep it moving. Give out a lot of shots and just try to, I never took it seriously. The whole point of it is, it's bar trivia. Surely no one would take it seriously because
he
and the problem
with
this.
Yeah, that's what I'm supposed to be. But people are completely nuts. Like people literally tank their own games to prove points to me and I don't care like, so like larry really, it's
like,
I don't care
if you lose
or whatever.
Yeah. You know, but like I just kept getting these complaints and it really, really start zeroing in for me. Like how, how incredibly touchy people are about random things. My boss called me up once and he was like, Hey man, I got another call. I was like, what? What? I didn't say anything. I didn't say anything
offensive. He's like, you say some joke about like horses. It was like, I mean, yeah, I mean, no, not really. I mean
like it's like, it was,
it wasn't even, it wasn't even a joke, it was just a stupid thing I said in response to questions, the questions about the Kentucky derby and how it got fixed a couple years ago, you know, and I just made a stupid joke about how we all know why I got fixed because they use the court horse dumb shit. Like barry bonds joke. It's not even funny. It's just a stupid thing. It's just like a little offhanded joke I made,
he was like, yeah,
I'm italian because he was like, I was like, there's nothing offensive about that. And he was like, yeah, you just don't want to talk about horses, man. Why? You know, some ladies, they think horse, they think dicks and you know, they just get old when they heard of Equus. I'm like, Equus, Equus, are you serious? You're talking to me about broadway shows from the seventies about horse love. Dude, that's the level of granular worry that I can't bring to anything. That's crazy if I can't
talk
about
horses.
I mean, how can you even mention a horse without immediately becoming completely sidetracked by this whole horse dick thing. That is totally just
my
melting.
It's
so
funny.
It's just so funny. Like, I mean, and he's probably right because there is no reason a normal person you get upset by that. It's got to be some crazy specific yuppie lady thing
there
is.
Mhm. They're nuts, man. They're so nuts. And and they're like something about the last three years has made them way crazier. I think. I think because a lot of them are like really Republican and they feel real, real self conscious about
it.
So
like I don't even know it's a powder empowered. I think they're overcompensating because they don't want they don't want to talk about that. So like they just have an argument, we can have an argument about something else that we don't talk about politics and I don't have to feel bad and we don't have to justify
it.
It's
like, which is completely crazy because I'm not gonna bring up politics to you were freaking bar at a trivia night. Why wouldn't the Earth? That's the other funny thing about that company.
Well that's that's that's the funny thing with that company and just sort of Georgia in general, it's just like a real conservative place. So you know, I don't really think about it. And then the guys who are running the questions for that company to just give me the question is to go out and read them. I don't even look over them because why would either just trivia questions? But these weird, these like super political questions would just be in there and I wouldn't even notice it until I was like half it was halfway out of my mouth, stuff about the heartbeat bill. Like it's a Wednesday night we're at
bar trivia.
What are
you doing?
What are
you trying to get me punched in the face by some random Georgian coughed up out of freaking Lavonia Georgia. It's just like, oh yeah, you want to talk about the heartbeat bill? We can talk about the heart, baby, nah. Dude, I don't want to talk about any of that.
So I could tell my,
but
did you got to give me money for shots? I can defuse any situation. Any situation if I can just give you a shot. People love it when you give them free booze.
And
we have
Yeah, I mean it can't it can't hurt sometimes, especially in stand up. That that's the one like I used to see people trying to do that on the stand for like I was buying a shot, you know, give him a drink. They drink.
No,
my favorite. That was when people would do that and they'd be opening up for a famous comic or at least a well known comic and I'm just like you getting the audience more drunk and they're already heckling you and Dave chappelle is here and he's not out here yet,
what are you doing? And then he would come out and handle it perfect. It was just like, oh yeah, I forgot there's a
medium
oral.
It's hard.
Yeah. Well he's been doing
since he just
happened
to
me.
Yeah. The psych I find the psychology of it real interesting if it wasn't so annoying. You know, I would actually be interested in getting into it because I can see it like you can really see it like you've got a room full of people, they're sitting in the dark and you've got light on you and a microphone. So you are definitely the center of attention at this moment and there are certain people who cannot handle that.
They
cannot
because
they're
just centering
attention.
You know, it's like it's like those girls, they're the star of their own movies and everything they do is dramatic and fucking intense and so like you know, they're suddenly in a situation where it's very very very clearly not about them and they're just sitting there just losing their shit. They can't handle it. Yeah. From stuff like I'm just trying to help, you know, you're not trying to take the spotlight
back because
you're most
only child person I have ever seen.
Yeah, it's so funny. I mean, I get it, it's your bachelorette party or whatever it is sort of about you, but you shouldn't have come to a comedy show. I don't know why you did.
I mean, I always figure, you know that that's that's a bad idea because a lot of what I see is like people that will take bachelor parties to like an open mic or just a local Atlanta comedy show and I mean we've got a lot of great comics here, it's a pretty good show. I wouldn't like use it to celebrate a big life event
or anything, but like you know you go to, you go see norm Macdonald or like Dave chappelle or somebody, they will fucking zero in on that and do like an hour to the table like make a personalized comedy show for that girl and her party of friends
and
What can happen?
Yeah. Well and those guys, they know how to roast without being dicks or that like you know hitting a button that's really gonna upset somebody. Like they walk a line like really well, especially norm Macdonald like the way he
does it.
Yeah, once you just get a certain amount of time and it's amazing how merciful you can get at that. But I
still I still have a little bit deer in the headlights and I've been doing it for like 10 years but still
Yeah. Kind of.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's true. Yeah. It's funny like the more, the more you do like that kind of live performance, the more like almost new agey you get like because people like comics was talking about energy a lot. Like we always
talk
about
the energy in the room like the crowd is dead and stuff and you can feel that and I'm always trying to explain to people like the thing that destroys comedians and makes it makes us all nuts like all of us like our ships and our lives and can't manage anything and stuff and the reason for that, I think beyond the fact that we're all a little bit broken and that's why we went into that anyway. But like like when when you really do well and the audience is just pouring good feelings that you that feels awesome
and that
lasts that lasts for about an hour, but when people fucking hate you
and
they're
working
shit
last for like two weeks. Like that
shit just gets into
your
own.
Yeah, it's pretty awful. Especially when you don't know what you're dealing with. I've bumped into situations before where I just we're just nobody told me they were all old. Like
I did this like oh, like really
well.
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's the thing because when I when I was first starting out, I have all my jokes were like about Mario brothers and stuff, I thought was real general and it is real
general people our age but hold
him, you
know
you
have fish
now and then you try to move on to something else. You're like what our dating app, the like every single thing.
they might remember AOL they might remember a little bit of the proto internet maybe. Yeah. It's funny man, I did a show down in uh Winder Georgia and it was like this old train station, it was really nice and it was a big, big venue and I got there there was nobody there, nobody said anything to me about what the audience is going to be. We went out and at dinner came back Every elderly person in winder Georgia including the mayor and the police chief who are both 72 years old celebrating their birthday that night. Were just there, it was
just
in
it
was
that's exactly the deal. Yeah. And
and
they were
making chili and
everybody
gets the chili, it's like there's sunday night chili cook off things and no one told me any part of that. I was like, I don't know man, I really don't know what to say to these old people. He's like I mean do you want to get paid? Like I'm gonna go say stuff to these old people.
And that night I came home and I was like I'm gonna write some jokes for old people. I'm gonna write some jokes about Lawrence of Arabia and gina gina Roland. I don't
know.
hardly ever.
No,
they just don't go out to comedy and there and a lot of their concept of comedy is very bob. Hope like the closest thing they could probably pin me to somebody like Carlin which would be a huge compliment if they actually meant that is a real comparison. But I'm just just got long hair so I'm I'm Carlin them. Yeah I was saying a bunch of things I don't understand. He's some sort of hippie thing. I don't
know whatever.
It's so funny man. But you know that's what I do and I'm trying to get money together from these surveys and stuff too. Try to try to put myself in a position to move myself away from this place. I have had enough of Georgia.
that's
That's cool man. Yeah people have said to me for years that like not just with stand up and stuff but just in life like you just you can't really be appreciated on on on most levels in the town where you grew up. Like you have to go to another place and then you're an interesting
thing from another place and that's way more interesting than just the guy who's been there forever and I've had internalized the hell out of that. Like if you go out to L. A. And you're the guy from Atlanta and that's a that's a specific thing. There's not a lot
of guys from Atlanta out there, so you're that guy from Atlanta and that's memorable and easy, easy to recall
it.
Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because I like I want to get out but I'm also dreading L. A. But it will
be better.
Yeah, I think so. Is at least
there?
Yeah. Uh Philly Philly's doesn't have a big enough stand up scene with comics. You have to go to L. A. Chicago or new york pretty much
just
L. A. Or new york. I really don't like new york and I mean like they're both expensive at least has got a movie business and people won't just step over me if I'm dying on the sidewalk, which is a plus. Plus it's not a filthy garbage strewn wasteland. New york. Everybody is so full of the magic in new york, and they watched so many woody
allen movies in the nineties and shit that they just they don't
even
notice.
I mean it's just, you know, i it is very cool that they have a city where there's all this shit going on and you can go get food in the middle of the night, but it is not cool that there's roaches everywhere everywhere all
the time, like, and they're they're fucking enormous
and
yeah, every time I hear people in movies and stuff talking with magic in new york and only in new york and stuff, I just start imagining rats and roaches and people just running out of the bushes and just grabbing shit from you and run it into the park. I'm like that's that's
just
That's
true
one,
But even
those places like, sure, they don't have them in their apartment specifically, but as soon as they go outside there's still in the exact same place with the exact same problems and the roaches are out there, that's what I thought of the big bug thing a few years ago, it was so funny. Just the whole city got infected with bed bugs and even just like Bloomberg and his penthouse is just fucking itching, just can't handle it. Just like all the poor people down the Bronx, they're all itching the whole fucking cities right?
I know it's it's kind of amazing that it's not worse than it is. Like I was just oh man, one of my comic friends went up there and he started chipping his teeth all the time and he didn't know how he was doing and he was like I don't know if I'm grinding my teeth in my sleep or like what what I'm doing, but I somehow I just like notice, oh my God, I got another Piece of my tooth missing winter dentist. The dentist was like, it's 9 11 dust. Not a joke, like dead serious, it's 9 11 dust. He's like what are you talking about? It's like some buildings got pulverized, they went up into the air. I mean you've seen the footage, it's just, it's just a great cloud that covered the city. You know, some of it goes out
on tires
and stuff, but it doesn't get very far and it's all in the same environment and it rains and it comes back down and I mean it's just never gonna leave you get it, it's just sort of in the air. So when you sleep it gets
in your mouth and
some
people
trying,
I mean, yeah, some
people
in their sleep.
it's like we're
an anti 9 11 mouth guard to stop himself. Chip in his mouth on 9 11 dust. I'm like dude that is horrific, jesus christ. I was like yeah they said there was bone in it too. You got a guy that city man, bad place. She's yeah,
it's pretty crazy dark.
I like that they're going to monitor this conversation for social cues or whatever they're studying. It's just really well they're gonna listen
to my 9 11 dust stories
and stuff.
All
All
right. I have a little bit rambling. I haven't quite got enough sleep but I just
wanted to go ahead and do this but this is pleasant. It's nice talking to you. Yeah.
Is
the time of I haven't been keeping dragging.
yeah. Yeah. Right. Real what's your name again man, remind me
Sean Evan. It's been.
Yeah man. Good
luck.
Yeah, it did. Oh man. I hope you find a job down there at a nice restaurant soon.
What?
Yeah, it's pretty amazing the number of just wretched bastards who own businesses in this country.
It's just
every restaurant,
every comedy club, every fricking car dealership and all the car dealers I guess take the money they made selling cars and open comedy clubs and restaurants. So I end up working for used car salesman all time and they still act like used car salesman. So like literally the guy who owns the biggest comedy club in Atlanta, I'll let you go sorry. But the guy who owns the biggest comedy club in Atlanta used to run and used car lot and now he chinch is like Patton Oswald out of like 600 bucks
and it's
You totally
can.
Yeah, it's a forever stereotype. There's always going to be shitty cars, there's always gonna be people you can overcharge on them and you can always start not going away money. They're all the same dude.
Well then that's the other thing. They're they're all frustrated because they're not successful stand up comedians because they all thought like, I'm gonna get a club and then I can go up every night and then I'll be the best comic because I'll just never stop getting better. And it's just like, yeah, you weren't very good. You're a shitty
You
know,
Sleazy used car sales and it's still going to be a sleeves used car salesmen, even if it works out some good jokes to tell
on.
Morel hilarious.
Have a good one.