Hi there,
can you hear me all right? We
turn my
brought him up. I think I can but I'm trying to get away from the from the the the it's somebody else's problem machines. The leaf blowers. Leaf blowers? Leaf blowers are right now.
I don't know. I swear on these surveys all the time, man, I don't think they care.
you they give
me money
anyway
if I'm swearing at them, it's like goddamn you mother notes. It's
like
Sean.
Nice to meet you mother.
Where you at?
the Dallas. Mhm.
I
just moved here uh just moved here like six months ago. It's only
that
they
want
from
new Mexico right next door.
It's
the same in Dallas is fucking Dallas is booming right now. It's crazy. Like I guess it's been booming for like the last decade, but there's so many people
like the neighborhoods are growing so many restaurants are so many. Everything is nuts.
For the birthing, everything.
She's
a fucking Houston
man.
I know that. I mean, the texas stereotype, right? But it's super gay friendly here, man. Like,
who is it?
I don't think it's a Texans love gay people. I think it's just that they don't get into each other's business, so, like, they just keep it over there was like,
the guns, You don't help
everything.
thanks.
Like,
like, he's about to go fight. Yeah.
All
show and
on.
Anyway,
man, you be good. I don't think I don't
think you need
the gun.
You look at that guy, like, if you have five guns, I fuck with him, but six, you know that
um right now I'm not working. Um I worked in restaurants. I mentioned restaurants earlier. I just noticed how many restaurants are weird because that's what I do, I'm a waiter um moment, what did you find dining? But uh and I moved here and I've worked at a bunch of places and I was just kind of disappointed by what they were I was expecting through higher class considering the small ass town that came from. Um but
I made some really good friends in the short amount of time that I was here and you know, I've got a really good buddy who's letting me crash in his spare room and
in the last month and a half, I've found about just about every way there is to make money online that isn't to debating or did Beatrice. Yeah,
so
I
mean
you
big
during
the war.
we
got
to do it all fucking days. Yeah,
through
the game at the
job.
No.
Damn
true. And you basically have to like they make it so hard that you have to pay at some point so you
keep
going
further and I'm losing money now. That was the point of this shit.
Like
eat it. Yeah. Uh huh. I'm doing like Postmates, you know like a phone app delivery shit doing a bunch
of countries like that. And
The good thing about Postmates is that now I can get paid immediately. So if I put my card in, you know I can do a job and then I can get paid out right away. Six bucks here. Eight bucks. Therefore bucks there. You got to do it a lot to make decent money. But it's okay.
The
other
one like once a week
you got like a base pay. They do it based on like distance and uh like how many things you have to order for whoever's ordering.
And then sometimes like fucking you get tipped a lot. I don't know maybe everywhere else they tip for Postmates.
But.
$20
or data? Uh
The people.
How
many
hundreds
of dollars? I'll take it. I'll take seven. Yeah.
We're pretty good. I found actually a couple of really cool apps that were just like package delivery. Well if you don't want to deal with people you know you just sign up to do these. And um like they keep posting jobs. My background check hasn't passed yet. But once it does like 16 jobs, $16 job to drive it from the airport, like Eight miles over there and then another $20 to go from here to there here to there. And there's a ton like all day. It just keeps popping up. Yeah.
Yeah, I've got that up too. But they're not doing it here.
nervous.
It's
good to be true. It probably too good to be true. Yeah.
band.
What can I get in on the band? Ground floor. Shit.
I mean
it was on
well
you
say
like what did you do? But Bezos has fucking like that probably cost him. He didn't even realize like how many vans? I don't fucking care. Leave me alone.
content.
It's going to
be season 97.
Like
this is not getting canceled. This has its own network now
to
bring everything on the planet earth. Like you can fucking, let's start just have the dinosaurs over again. Let's let's order on that. In the
financial world.
Well,
well yeah,
protest. But then you're like, oh shit, I gotta go home. I can't protest anymore. The amazon is gonna draw my package off. I gotta be there. So,
Well that's
what a brave new world was. You know, I mean it's not, it was in 1984, which is still, I mean kind of is,
but
in the world that everybody just, we're lazy on the couch watching TV.
Yeah.
How's the, how's the stand up scene in Atlanta?
What
was screaming was fucking doing something?
you have
one like you drink stuff like that.
I mean, yeah,
a couple jokes and keep it moving and somebody says something stupid
and
ignoring
you just go on.
You
want
to
one
and even about you for the rest of my life.
Court.
it
wasn't about of horses, there was a horse in it.
rebounded.
How what do you even where is the, where do you get offended to that?
I
know
you
wake up thinking about that. You don't I've been thinking about that shit man,
I
look up in
a vaguely penis shaped horse cloud, it's my day is ruined.
That's
what
being done.
I mean
somebody complained
so fucking yeah, there's some merit there
very,
very
empowered
I think about
it. Of course.
Dicks.
The next night is as efficiently as possible for everybody. Uh huh.
What?
You know,
this
isn't
debate.
Yeah. If you feel your heartbeat after this. No, that's my fucking that's
my
wife.
Never mind. If they're already like a couple shots in. Yeah, they're
gonna
they're gonna take as many as they can from you.
don't, don't do that, don't give
him more, is not gonna work for anybody.
And obviously,
you know,
they don't remember,
they don't even know they dealt with so many hecklers, they've dealt with that shit, so it's like
breeding them,
the
drawing
pictures
of
their them in the first place, so they're going to shut up so they can hear them like, roast me. Oh, they made a joke about me, It's awesome.
You
can see
it in there, I can see
the gear
starting.
How
do I get
What
are you helping
me out?
We need you to go back and think about who you're actually helping here.
Yeah, that's just bad planning on the girlfriends part. Would you see a comedian starting to walk up on the stage somewhat? Somebody in the party should be like yeah we need to bounce like you go to to cook or something
but
that's probably
why they do it. I mean that's I wasn't a comedy for a really long time so I mean I could see myself doing that you know just taking my friend for the sole purpose of trying to get the comedians attention to roast the shit out of him.
It's probably part he grows to me but it would work out one way or another.
They
bring it back if they do push it a little too far they know how to temper things out.
What
It really is amazing like become masters of human psychology, manipulating people
not in a in a in a malicious way like manipulation doesn't like keynote a bad word but not at all. It's just you're manipulating people into feeling joy.
The
pop
science.
I can't
even
I was gonna
say
the opposite
end of that. That's gonna like
when
you
get
your best
joke and you hear nothing. I couldn't I could never I could never fucking
you
walk out
your material only like, what's the fucking these guys have? No, they're not gonna get anything I'm talking about.
Well,
course.
Like
my
grandmother
doesn't know what that is. She's not gonna laugh and Mario brothers jokes.
Uh Well no, but that's we made fun of them for that. Oh, man.
there
has been
the only thing to do in town that was that
was the only
person. So
that's
one
role
because
it
I want to go say some shit that I don't think. Maybe they'll hear me. They won't
well
the target demographic these days for a comedy. Like you don't have to worry about old people generally speaking. You know,
you know, you're the old people's homes
again.
We're
overcharging types.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean you just have to fucking go, I felt that way when back into Mexico. It's just, it's a beautiful place and it's friendly and it's awesome and it will always be home. But it was just so goddamn small and I just had to fucking leave me. And every time I was almost ready, every time I was ready to leave something we get in the way where I wouldn't and
finally nothing within the way. And I just got the fuck out. Like I came to Dallas to check it out to make sure it would be cool and it was and so like three weeks later I was here.
No.
finger.
Yeah. You've
already got a place marker of some of some type.
You
want to go all the way to L. A.
What about
above you? Like up east Philly or new york?
But
let
30.
they
did the
down it was like oh shit my white shoes are completely black. Mhm
everywhere.
Like
hitching rides on my shoulder to go down the fucking sidewalk.
Well, I think
the people that romanticize there are the kind of people that can afford the places that don't have all the rats and the roaches. They
live in
a fucking uh live
in the sky rise,
you know?
tight. Like one person. I'm surprised it didn't happen sooner. Man, fucking christ.
Who does
she Crazy?
All
You
think
they're gonna
just what's going to happen? Just like
you're
shocked.
Congratulations. You can eat anything
from,
But
right. Yeah, it's pretty morbid goddamn.
All
It's
gonna
look up when you say I'm like, what? What? What did you say? Do I write that down? Do
it. Wait
what?
I guess we're yeah, comes up. It was a
good man. Thanks.
I put a I started the stopwatch when we did it. We're at 30 minutes We got along so well, we're at 30 minutes. They should give us extra money.
John
meeting brother.
Good luck
out on the track. I'm sure you'll kill it over there.
Yeah, hopefully. I don't know. I'm so disillusioned with with how they were because I got jobs at some of the nicest places and it was just
run by shit heads. It was like a wild his offer. Like what the fuck's happened? Right.
Shit
room, government shit
pool.
That's still
thing like you you can still like monopolize shitty car lots and then like funnel that into badly running or badly managing other businesses.
80
stereotypes, eighties, nineties stereotype.
There's going to be a comedian that needs a stage. No matter how shitty your stages,
how it works, Sometimes you
just
belt
practice
is always make good, perfect. Sometimes it makes bad. Perfect. So yeah, Perfect. Being shitty.
Mm. All right. Hold me. I was staying off. Good luck with um
You too.