Hey good morning how are you?
I'm good I'm good. I had made to make sure I had enough like hate where they put my my face but that's okay.
it's
old.
I'm in Virginia, it's cold in texas I didn't know whatever got cold
in texas
I've never been to texas.
No.
I'm not originally from Virginia. It it it is
it's okay you know I mean it's it's get upset it's interesting you know?
Yeah it's interesting um Because I'm originally from Ohio I wouldn't say Ohio is pretty either but I never thought about it that way. I mean some parts of the United States are pretty you know this is okay because I'm not in the country so I never lived in the country before so it's a little different it's rural but I mean it's quite you know it's like a little town, everything is close so it's okay though. Yeah.
Okay, so you like it much better?
All
good, good. So you just you moving there in March? Do you know anybody there or did you just your
job
up there?
How is that for you? I mean is it has it been kind of hard being that isolated or?
you
have pets, do you have a pet like a fish or chat or something? Oh my gosh.
What?
You know what? Uh huh
Yeah, so when you go out, are you wearing a mask or do you notice other people wearing or not wearing masks or?
I haven't been out, the
last
time I was out in public was March 7th I think because I'm staying with a friend and I came here in january just to stay for the winner and so we're in a really small town about 8000 people. And they have a cute little bus to cost the ballot, the cost a quarter. And so it was right past the house and I was just getting out learning my way around the city and she came to me and she said you know I really need you to stop taking public transit. And I was like really? Because I had just started going out and learning my little way around and say I want to come back and you know trying to learn the bus route and how it worked and and she said yeah, she said I'll take you to the store and I was like okay, so then I think that was like a friday thursday or friday, and then she said um well I'll go to the store for you, make me a list. I was like, really? He
said, well um you know this town is really small, we have to grocery stores, a food lion in the walmart. And she said everybody uses those two stores, and this is like really at the beginning, you know? And so I said,
I have not been outside in the public since uh March
seven. So I have walked on the mass. My son sent me a Prince Mass because I'm a prince fan, I'm all kind of mask and I probably maybe go out, I don't know the end of july,
I'm
the
there.
Mhm. No, because you know, I'm not in the country in a nice little house, and so I go out on the porch, you know, I go out in
the backyard, but I haven't been out in the public, I haven't been around anybody with the people I stay in the house with, you know, and I'm older, I have a compromised immune system so I can't
take any chances.
So
you know, so I just yeah,
speaker
don't
Yeah. Three. She's very cautious. Like we um like we get packages, we open them on the porch and you know, then we disinfect them on the porch before we bring them in. And then um like yesterday she went grocery shop and help bring the groceries in and then we wash everything down all the packages and you know, it takes a while to wash out the groceries down,
you know, because you gotta, you know, washing outside the packages and testify the packages, you know? So yeah, I mean it's different. I just keep
I don't know, I just keep wondering like, I know we're not going to go back to normal. I don't know what that is anymore. I mean when is it gonna be like, I don't know, safe or it isn't ever going to be safe, you know? I used to wonder, you know, and then they talk about the vaccine and I'm like ordinarily it takes like two years to come up with the vaccine, but they're testing one already in some places and I'm like, ooh, you know, so I don't know. I don't know.
huh. It's
Do you think sometimes maybe the people who really care kind of like stay at home, it's really good, you know like they like they get out and they go to the grocery store and they go back home, they're not trying to go to restaurants or they're not trying to go to any places like that. And I remember what like in april I was watching the news and the mayor of Los Angeles was on was the mayor of Los Angeles and another major city and they were saying they were not going to allow any major large sporting events until 2021.
So there will be no super bowl.
No,
you
know, and I said if they're not gonna do that till 2021 that's probably one that, you know, they'll have figured out something, you know, if not longer,
you know? And I've been doing a lot of surveys, you know, and they always ask when do you think this is gonna be over? You know, like in your community or whatever? And I always say about two years, you know, because we didn't I don't know, we didn't seem like we got off to a good start,
you know, it was so
you know, if I think of all the states have come together and being kind of uniform, that would have helped, like when I read about most of the countries that have done well, we're very uniform, they started strong, you know, like I was looking at, I think it's um uh I looked at new Zealand because you know, new Zealand should completely down
and um uh yeah, you know, they should completely down and you know, stayed at home and Prime Minister, you know, would go live in her living room after breastfeeding her baby, okay,
you
I go to, you know, and you know, she just talked to the people and you know, like in such a common way you know you felt like she really cared and that she was trying to keep people calm and everything and then I think um Taiwan yeah I think it was Taiwan like they shut down but they had like plenty of test plenty of uh protective gear I mean everybody had everything they needed and everything and I just look at our kind of haphazard or I'll do it. No I'm not gonna do it.
huh.
People
are being crazy and my son says the same thing in Ohio he said mom he said nobody's wearing masks out here, he said it's making me crazy because he has this thing that looks like something from an alien movie or side yeah he has this thing all over the space and and then my little grandson he'll be a year in july you know he's a baby and he said every time he goes outside like he was
trying to show me what his little mass looked like and he won't wear it in the house is too. But as soon as you get outside he's put you
know to wear a mask when he's outside and he's not a deer, you know?
Oh no, don't say that. Yeah.
So when
like they say like when you go out you know you drinking hot tea and you know clearing your throat
or whatever they say to do, you know other things they say they do like when
she
comes in you know she
takes a yeah huh
Okay.
So have you like set up like so somebody know like then you talk to somebody every day so so at least one person you know is in contact with you?
I'm
good
How
are you?
I'm sorry. All right, okay. That's none of my business but my own and
Okay. All right. You look to me Okay.
No, you looked younger when you said my my my younger cousin, I was like you said she's gonna be 20 and I'm like well how are you? I think it would probably 24 25
so
you
don't look that poor?
All right, that explains
everything.
well that's
a good being latin. Yeah, that's cool
if
no, there's
to think about being black and I'm sure uh That's a but that's good that you talk to somebody every day. That's good. That uh
hard, wow, you
know
I've done protests before, I remember processing when Trayvon martin died, I was out, it was winter time, I was out with my sign and um so when they had, when they started to have big protests here, like a couple weeks ago, my ex my ex has been called me and he said you know their protests in their home, I said I know and my son was so happy I was here because I only know my girlfriend and her boyfriend and their baby that I don't know anybody else here and my daughter is here and I said my son is so happy that I'm here because he knows I would have been trying to sneak to a protest, he knows I
would have been I would have been out there, oh my God, and it was so funny because so many, because I'm 60 you know, and so many old ladies were like, some of my friends were like, wow, I thought I had put my marching shoes away and we just had to talk to ourselves and say, you know, it's not for us to be out there, it's for the young people and that, you know, our role is just to stay home and pray, you know, pray
for the
people,
you
know,
But
I really think it's, you know, this time is coming up for healing, people can see it more than they ever did before before. It seems like people didn't really see it, I said, but you know, and I hadn't watched the video of anything like that in a while, I just couldn't take it anymore. But that
I couldn't I couldn't take it anymore. And then I just I didn't see the Aubrey video, I hadn't seen none of those. And then I did see the lady in Central Park and then uh
the poor dog, it was just everything. And
then I was I was on facebook of course and the George Floyd video came and I just was like I couldn't watch the whole thing. And
then later on,
you
know
when the when the details came out and they said he cried out for his mother. I was like oh my God, that's just and
I said then yeah you know I'm a mom. My son was because we didn't talk right at first we talked like a couple of days later he hadn't seen the video either and he had just seen it and he said mom, he said when I found out he cried out for his dead mother, he said it just he said something just this happened to you inside you just you know because he knew he was gonna die. You know and it was just like and just to look on that man's face I said I think I see him more. You know the look on his face the policeman's face was just like I can do this. Ain't nobody gonna stop me, I'm gonna get
away. I'm just
well you know I really believe things are these things are being brought forward so they
can do to help.
You know and
and
it started a dialogue that people have been trying to have for years that they never had and so many people don't know they didn't know the history of this country. They didn't they don't really teach it in schools the way that actually happened. They teach it the way they want you to think about it and it's all happy and you know the slaves were happy and you know, some of them didn't want to leave. That's not true.
That's
not true.
happening.
What?
Err
No.
And I don't think it's
so.
I
know.
All
Are you?
It's interesting because you know, I was born here so it's um you know different times in your life. You just learned um you just deal with it. I think that the most insidious part is you never know what it's gonna show up. You know when it's going to show it and it will show up from time to time. You know, somebody will say something something or do something, you know, raising a son my son is 30 he'll be 39 in october thanks. And I told him like when he said now that he has a son, you know, he has, he has a son, he said, he said mom, he said my son is never going outside, he's just going to stay in the house and play in the backyard, I'm never letting him out of my sight. And I said now you know how my heart feels, you know I mean there's been times when he was young, you know, he's like when he was young he wanted to learn how to drive, he was so excited, you know, and I said you know he's like 16, I want to get my iris ice and but I had to have the talk. You know the conversation
is you know, okay, you're gonna drive and not if you get pulled over, but when you get pulled over, you know this
is what
you
no
it's not if
it's when you know and I think the thing that people don't think about this like every time he gets pulled over that's points on his lessons, he was on my insurance that made my insurance rates go up, he got pulled over once for a tail life, you know all that causes you to have to pay more money. You know there's been times when he was like on our street in front of our house talking to a friend just you know standing outside talking to a friend, his friend was in the truck, he was standing on the street talking to him and it wasn't real late at night the police pulled up you know told him put his hands on the truck, me and my mom was that my mom was still alive then and so I looked outside and I saw the police out there with two cars you know now there was nothing going on, you know and he didn't have his I. D. On him of course because he's at home he didn't you
know.
Yeah so then I went out you know I went and I said robert here okay and the policeman, why would he be okay? He's out here with the police. And then my son was like you know my just go back in the house, just go back in the house. I'm like
I'm like
going back in the house, I'm gonna watch him. But I told him I said there's times when you know like he would be out and I mean he's a young man he should be able to go out and hang out with his friends and everything and sometimes I would hear you know alarms and sometimes I would just think is you know, is that him, is he okay? You know, it's just the you just, and I think the thing is you just don't know, you know you just you don't know where policemen is pulling you over, you don't know what's in your mind, you know? And for some people it's uh it's so different that I think that's the thing people finally realized that you know when we look up and see lights in the back of the window and you know like in the rear view it's like, oh my God, who am I getting? You know what I'm saying? You don't know and I do have a girlfriend that where I used to live, there was like this little what if it was a village inside of where I used to live and it was like where mainly the rich people live and sometimes you could drive through there because it was like it's in the heart of the city, it's not like it's off to the side and my girlfriend, their police department was being known for of the Houston people and my girlfriend's daughter one night she got stopped and they really brutalized her, you know? They really did and then she had um there was a cop who was killed in my city at one time and he was, everybody in the community knew that he was a bad cop, he was a dirty cop and he got killed. Um actually they tried to say was a young black guy, but it was a young white guy that killed him, but the police went on a I don't know what you want to call it a beating spree or they just beat up beat up men, you know and my daughter, my friend's son, they called her to come to the hospital because he had been beaten by the police, you know and he's such a you know, he was such a he's such a kind person, you know what I'm saying? So but I still that by being exposed the way it is, that change will happen and I really believe that young people are not gonna stop until they get changed.
you
know
Here.
Mhm. Tell them go back to theirs too. Don't go back to their you know, the only original people are the native people. So tell them to go back to this. Yeah.
So and you know what if somebody does something like that, you just got to realize that ignorant, just ignorant. I mean this country is supposed to be about people coming here and finding better opportunity and, and you have a right to do that. You know, I'm just sorry that immigration is so crazy now. I'm like, wow, they're just crazy, you know? But what they're doing and what they're deciding to do and how they treat people. You know, I just, I just saw this morning, you know, uh, about the detention centers and what's happening, the whole family. So I'm just like, that's horrible. You know, it's just I just think everything that's being exposed so people can see, and I know you can't work on everything, but it allows us to, you know, pick and choose. Like if there's something close to your heart, you know, then you can work on that at least be aware. I think people are far more aware and it's better for them to know than not know, you know what I'm saying? You know, like, I don't even know most of it, I didn't even know most of the confederate statues didn't come up until like the sixties, I thought they'd been there forever,
you know? But
it's
crazy, you know,
you
need to
know that. Uh huh.
What
I don't know, it's it's an interesting time to be alive. Uh
once you know, you got Covid and you got this. I think my heart was just so when I saw the protests from around the world though, that just moved my heart because I felt like all those people cared about what was happening to us over here and then finally after all this time people hurt us, you know, we've been talking about this for so long and we've been going through this for so long and I just think that uh when I saw like people in Germany and France and you know in africa and just everywhere in the world in new Zealand, you know, I was just like, wow, people care about what happened and people care about us and because for the longest time it felt like um we were in it alone,
you
know, and then nobody cared and that everybody believes the height, that this is the perfect place and it's a wonderful and come to America
you
know,
I know, you
know, and then, you know, so I just put my grandson, you know that it'll be better for him, you know what I'm saying? It's not about me, I'm 60 I've lived my life, you know? But it's about my kids and my grandkids, I only have one grandchild took me forever, you know? And uh I want him to not have to worry, but I don't want, I don't want my son to have to give his son to talk, you know
that's
you
know, you
know.
So
what are you are you gonna you gonna stay quarantine for
Well, you know, I will keep you in my thoughts and my prayers, you know,
it
was a great
you
know, So I have another thing to do with 10, but it was great talking to you and just keep
your spirit.
You're beautiful
and I
know your
families watching over and praying for you. So you have a great day. I don't
know.