good morning, how are you?
you had enough light. I uh it's very um gray here. It's very cool. I
almost didn't
want to get. It's very cool. I'm in texas. Where are you?
The
it never it never does and not even bragged out. But yeah, it is called my windows are money. It is. I have no idea why that's one where it's better,
nah
it is. It's very pretty. I I've only been here for a year and a half, go another country. Um It was for in Austin and that I was here living Tyler. I've never been freaking out. Is it pretty?
It's
It receives. Really?
I'm here. This is the same here. I used to live in Austin, which I'm friends. It was chaos okay. As you had be like an hour and a half. And I refer back minutes before they were supposed to be in some place because traffic the roads for a mass, everything was awful. And here this is ma lik like 90,000 people. Everything is very quiet, very peaceful. You can you can't leave like 10 15 minutes before and you'll be just fine. I like it very much.
I really do live with you. I just well I moved here right right before the pandemic started, right before the quarantine, the result out here on March 15. They closed the city on March 16. No, I haven't been able to need
people work properly or do a lot of things. But it's nice. I like it.
I
don't
I don't I am a teacher respondents teacher. And here so brian when I was supposed to go to school they closed the major was like no. And then the governor was like, you know going back to school after spring break. So um I didn't have the chance to go to the actual school and teach and I couldn't go to trainings or by cultivating nothing. So I never met all five met them wasn't right but socially distancing my co workers and the younger teachers, everything's got to be a Zuman. I don't like my word right now.
Yes a husband. It has been very hard because I were almost a year. He lived with some friends. I was always with someone and before that back home my home I was always with someone, I was always with friends. Family. I was up late. Yeah well company. So for the past three months I've been alone, alone here just go out to get groceries and
that's it.
I mean
1990% of my, my communication with friends and family is online. First there are so important way from South America so they're so far away and then because nothing can go outside and and that they started doing it. I started I went I want and once you get cast like a few days ago and all of the restaurants ma'am all of my friends were like
I was like this is not gonna end up well and sure enough and no I was like guys this is what we can't have nice things, we need to close down everything again.
I am wearing Yeah I cannot I cannot get sick thank you. I can't get sick. I am more um asked I have I have I bought somber K A N 95 masks and I try not to get too close to people and I shower myself with um uh huh hands on a tighter after I help in the car. Have you have you done that? You wear a mask?
Come
down.
Well.
Well oh
but
How are
you
feeling
or you're going crazy?
Well
Well
no,
no
you can be going on time. It's very it's
very thoughtful of your friend to be no one doing the shopping during the you take in and off precautions. But you R. C.
I don't
You know. Uh
And
What what I think it will end up happening is that we are not going to go back to our normal rooty as in God within you know waking up every day to go to work and then how about dinner business or a dinner day with some friends and then go to movies or um I have one of my best friends is in um Orlando right now and she was telling me how everybody is not wearing a mask and she wanted to go to this world for her birthday just once and she's like okay it's frankly opening again like half capacity or whatever, you know that might happen, that's not gonna happen. People are not taking care of anything, people are not taking the precautions, it is not going we're not going back to them for a long time. I'm thinking a year they try to try to they try to bread hand that everything was okay
and try to open up the States again like smores as strong, everything but it is this is not going to happen. Everyone, Not not any, not all the people are aware of just how bad it is down here, this is where I am. People just don't give up a single care. They don't care.
No,
it
is.
It's
no,
No,
no, they are completely right.
Yes, I was
she's
adorable. I love her.
Find it crazy man. I find it I find it just it is mind blowing that it is mind blowing. The bedroom government isn't pushing harder. Mhm.
To prevent it from happening like matt, they need to be a mandate where a mask, you need to wear a mask. You cannot come to this establishment if you don't wear a mask. If you're not wearing washing your hands not touching your face, that is just the second part of the deal. Right? And also what people are crazy, How are you going off
on someone? How can you be so stupid? People are stupid. Yes, they are.
But
All right. You know.
It and easy as that as his will do it. You don't have. I can enrage enrage with the people who say that they can't breathe with the masks on. Uh huh. People are very stupid here. Some people my own people a lot of very stupid here. They just don't give a single here. But it worries me because for example I'm here alone. My friends are have our the way I don't know anyone here. I don't know anyone. So if I get sick I'll probably die.
I'm lucky. I mean I'm young I didn't have to go but I'm alone. Like you know that it's not very
properly
the
the
easiest.
I only grew up.
Yeah. I only go out to get groceries. I only go to Fresh, just the closest supermarket here in my I go to Fresh, I get surgeries, I get undressed, I leave there's the stairs and then you get to like building agreement, the kitchen and the bedroom. You have to oh
upstairs. So I get undressed downstairs, put them in a bag and store them until I go to my country, go take a shower and then I disinfect all my groceries. But I'm not I'm going to I don't I don't I don't get out. I don't I don't go to like dr please. No, I'm doing, I'm almost like isolating. We'll explain.
Yeah. Several people. I mean my mom and it's back home and I got her almost every day. My family has. I come from a big family. So I talked to at least two of my cousins every day, like
my
room. She's like my sister. She's going to be 20 in a couple of months
smoke
parent.
I'm 34.
Do I look older?
I'm
sorry.
It's
no, it's the latin, it's the latin part of me
and
you know it's the latin. I'm much normal. I'll always look young,
taken.
It is yeah. It is one of the only few things good
about being latin.
Think there
Yeah, they get they there will be worried about everything that that's happening protests and everything. They don't go outside. They're going to do something. I went because the thing is where I come from we were I was very into protest because of the government in general. So I have taste. I have been tear gas. I have been,
It is what it is. So
I don't do it again. Oh
No you yes.
I'm
sorry
that everything is happening. I am still very sorry that
everything keeps
like
coming back.
huh. I can't I can't I'm like you, I cannot take it.
I wanted to match that lady first. Well first how can you be so stupid like uh and then the poor dog,
everything
I had
what
to
be.
You're
I
yeah, this shit so wrong. And I hate I hate everything that's happening right now. Yes, it is just so oppressive. Just so wrong. And I hate it and I am very sorry that everything is
harry.
It's definitely more visible visibility
and
all.
and
and
I can tell you I am a foreigner, everything I knew about America
it's just so freedom.
Red, white and blue, everything is perfect. This is the happiest nation in the world.
Well Boy or Union Further project that I have this friend. She's very passionate, she's Southern. She's from Tennessee and she's she opened my eyes and the sense that you have no idea what's going on. And I realized that I'm such an ignorant because that is not what is for trade
handset
outside
was borders that what is portrayed.
Thank
you. And I started like studying and reading. Uh huh. Whatever it is that I can find just have a warm I'm not I'm not gonna I'm not gonna have an opinion on that because that is not my I feel like I can't I can't do it, I can't have an opinion on that.
But I know where where it all began now. I kind of know I will never know first floor because
it has been years and years or years of trying to erase that and that beautiful. Why are you doing bad?
I'm sorry.
It's
not
a matter if
it's
wet.
Why you're going
to have your in your hotel?
That's
it.
No, I already come from and I am just so sorry that you and everyone else has to go through this.
And
also I was telling my friend that I was also very scared for because I'm not from here. Not from around here from an accent. I have I have I'm I looked at um so I told her I'm just waiting for the first incident where someone is going to be like go back to your country. The mass again. I'm not from Mexico bill
Mexican.
Yeah. Yeah.
I
was like, you know the daughters of the revolution or the federal revolution? They were a single handedly responsible for all of the statutes.
Damn.
And
he
had
90,000 people down. There's an action blonde high in like three streets. They were named after confederate soldiers. So it is a big deal that they're,
they're protesting downtown and they're like, I need to get them out here and he has power but like from here and some house because I want to the border. It's all right.
is what it is. How can you call it all one?
I
don't
if it's that is what being protected. Uh huh
But outside,
what is the image of the United States?
Yes, I live in the world.
My
first
it is
hopefully
we can, we can see that happens for your grandson and everyone's grandson.
The freak
I am Yeah, I am going to say quarantine until I feel like it's safe. Were saying I don't, I am not going to and the school has very thoughtful on that. Um because they realized what the risks are of happy 20 plus kids in a classroom where they're not going to be a lot of stating measures that can prevent someone from why kids get sick. The event were all 400 plus. Yeah. When it is, when I feel that expect to go out, when I feel that the state to start doing my normal life, I will do it no more. Yeah,
me too.
It's
been very
any year.
Thank
you, ma'am,
You too.
I'm
gravy.
you do.