how are you?
Good.
Oh really? Same about the apartment not the rest. Did you see any cost with a K. I'm Kelsey also with a K. I am a law student in pennsylvania and I am also pulled up in my apartment. Fancy that. Right.
Yeah. Uh I'm waiting for the boredom to sit in. I finished my finals yesterday and they delayed my summer job by a month. So now I have very little to do until june 29th.
Thank you.
Oh a few firms like canceled on people out of the blue and the more time was going by, the more I was like starting to stress it and was like, so do I have a job and I found out on was it Wednesday I found out Wednesday of
this
week that I am
still employed. What
kind
of engineer are you? Okay,
The harmony.
If.
Uh, where I am in pennsylvania, we have the nuclear facility at limerick. I want to say it's like 20 minutes away, so we've got like the big towers in the background there closer to my parents than they are to me. Mhm,
I'd
say you're missing out, but uh not a whole lot, but you should have a cheesesteak, like a real one at some point,
a cheesesteak Philly cheesesteak.
I'm very
curious. Mhm.
And
I've had one, not actually in the Northeast, I had one in new york at just a place that made them, they're really good.
And
Well, I mean, yeah, yeah, they
tend to
I was in the beginning and it was going really well. I had abs again for like the first time in years and years and then I figured out I found a very simple biscotti recipe.
Yes. And between that and studying
for
finals
and like I have this like small running injury, so I've done such a phenomenal amount of sitting. Yeah.
Thanks.
Thank
you.
Can you what? I keep these, they're £5. Sometimes I'll do like a few bicep curls. I'm trying to get back into it. Yeah, yeah.
go out.
I think we do, I've heard
that they're starting to phase in zones, beginning, I think it's May 8th, 24 counties on the exact opposite side of the state. So I'm in the southeast for affiliates, 24 counties in the northeast part of pennsylvania and these are the counties that have like the absolute lowest populations are going to start relaxing the restrictions. But nowhere else is because like the Philly area is kind of a hot spot right now. So the rollout is beginning.
Me
My
boyfriend's going to work and this morning I sent him a snap with my big mug of coffee and I was like, well, I'm so exhausted from a long morning of doing nothing. He thinks I'm hilarious. Mhm
Okay.
The protests at the state capital? Oh my God,
Great
armed, like
No.
No, it's,
it's
absolutely insane. Yeah.
I mean, Yeah, and it's, I'll be honest, it's crazy to me how this very privileged group of people sees this as their civil rights movement.
Especially all of their signs are like, I need a haircut. It's like amazon delivers. Yeah.
Yeah.
You really don't,
No.
No, they're all sick. Yeah.
So
I
actually got my violin, which I had not played in years repaired recently and I got it right before lockdown started. Oh, I've stopped playing it because I think I would drive my neighbors insane, especially
because I'm really fixated on like practicing one piece until it's perfect and that kind of sounds like the thing that would make them murder me. Yeah, but I found like my old assignment sheets from the third grade in there, getting a little bit better. Yes.
And tuba
french room, yep,
tuba.
Well,
what else
do you start?
No,
but
How super thoughtful. Uh
Have fun. Um My boyfriend just left from his lunch break. Sometimes he comes back on his lunch break. It's really sweet. He's very quiet, he was like hanging out playing a video game on his phone. Um
he's an accountant at a bank. So it's like meta accounting I guess it's like who accounts accountants
stuff.
They have been working from home like one or two days a week. They've reduced the amount of people in their office to like two at a time. I think it's very silly personally and that they should be doing way better. But yes, he's still doing that. Our neighbors are not taking the social distancing thing very
seriously.
So the smoke weed which I don't have a problem
with, it's just not for me. And I think that there's a way that you can do that in a socially distant fashion, right? But instead they'll gather in groups of 10 in
the parking lot outside and they're very clearly passing like a bond or a single joint around between all of them are just like yeah,
thank you.
Of
course.
No.
Yeah and like, so my extended family, I love them, but
I don't think they necessarily, there's just a disconnect, right, so they'll post these things like excellent social distancing hang out today, like my cousin who wants to stay, cosmetology, gave everyone haircuts hashtag six ft apart, hashtag social distancing and they're like, you guys live miles apart, you're not quarantining together anything, you're not six ft apart if he is actively cutting your hair. Oh
yeah, I I
get
that people are lonely but
I kind of love that, I mean probably didn't feel good for all of them to receive it, but at least like he's saying things well, I go to Temple Law and they were like very closed mouth about it, and then when they announced the university was closing first, the library was going to close on one day, then miraculously they decided to move it up, no explanation there, like no, it will be closing in 4.5 hours, get whatever you need and something definitely happened in that time and then the next week they're like, yeah, the first Temple student with the case um has been reported
and were like,
hmm, I wonder it was a really weird message though, they were like this student didn't tell us that they had recently been to spain, it's like no spain really spain,
I thought it was italy because they were so overwhelmed, but it might just be that I saw so much about Italy that I think that.
I mean the thing is like the United States has dealt very well with pandemics before. Do you remember Ebola? I think there were like three cases because we prepared and then like
I
I
don't
I don't want to be political about it but we had pandemic responses. They've been ratcheted up in recent years trump actually dismantled them in the months prior to this.
More americans have died from this and they have I think it was Vietnam now which is just like insane to me. Yeah.
you know if we all inject that disinfectant
that's clearly the cure.
Yes. The U. V. Light needs to get within your within your body.
You just tell us swelling lightbulbs.
What?
Definitely.
No.
No
I
haven't.
The
what?
there.
Yeah, I saw a different one where they hand to dr Fauci and he just is like, and you can just see like
he's
dying inside, but he knows that he can't quit because then this would all be left unattended by someone qualified. Mm
But
I'm going to look it up now. I want to see this.
that
I'm doing my best.
Pennsylvania
I think swung read to that won't hurt. Like at the time I opened up my very favorite beer from like a limited run from this like micro brewing company and I was seated, I was watching the coverage, I was like, I'm going to watch the first female president be elected and then it started sinking in. That wasn't happening. My parents, you know, like they're in their fifties, they fall asleep, sitting up, eyes closed and they woke up it, I want to say 12 31 in the morning, and I was like, oh, you're awake, trump is president? They're like,
no, I'm like,
no,
seriously, there? What?
You
know?
Yeah, all of the newscasters were there and as the reporting goes on, they're just getting more and more quiet because they're just in disbelief. They did not prepare for this. Yeah, and it's like, well this is awkward.
I
Sorry?
That's like those uh photos of the newspaper and it's like, Dewey beats Truman, it's Truman holding up the next day. He's all like you thought, Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a
fan.
Ooh,
I actually
like, I don't drink anymore because I just was kind of met about it from the beginning,
I didn't enjoy, the taste is like more of a social thing for me. And then I was like, why am I doing this? I don't really like it. So now I just like drink club soda. But I have a lot of friends who like berry beers so I will take all the recommendations and you
should
try my old favorite. Yeah. Uh Ballast point does there from California, I want to say they're near Monterrey for some reason, but they do excellent dark beers. And in the fall they do a limited run called calm before the storm and it has the coolest art. It's like a skeleton pirate steering his like ghost ship. Okay. It is incredible. They make like you're round dark beers, but like that's still the best. No. Yeah,
they also
do Scotland's, I just never like Pippa's. Mhm.
Yeah, I normally picked what everyone sounded like it would taste the best. But then I realized like oh I'm just hungry and that's why I picked a doughnut stout or something.
I forget who made that. It was some like little hipster place in Brooklyn. Yeah.
Right. Mhm.
Nice meeting you.
I think we go and take a long survey.
Yeah. I think I have the instructions still open.
Yes, there's a timer here and it says 30 something. I joined like two minutes earlier so we should be fine. Well, it was very nice getting to know you.
Thank you.
yes, you can hear this. Please pay me. Yes.
Uh huh. All right.
See you. Stay safe.