Hello.
I'm doing good, how about you?
So just to quickly introduce myself, my name is Carlos. Um I'm in jail living in michigan and just hold up in my apartment.
it has been a little bit boring for me at least uh since the last one week I'm an engineer, so I've been working from home. Uh It's been okay. Uh not too bad. I mean I can see myself doing this after 40 years, not that I'm going to do.
Oh you're actually lucky that you have a job and it's only been delayed a friend of mine, you got laid off, so uh that's not really good. Well I worked for the government so I don't think I have that issue of being laid off unless I screw up monumentally. But other than that
I think I'll do, I'll survive, so go ahead.
That is all
I've been doing
job,
come
on.
engineer. Well not really for the last
10 years, I don't know what I've been doing. So it's
been I've been moving along and well to be honest too bad. Uh It is interesting but it's also a little bit of the that is a little bit of difficulty in doing what I do because it's a little bit unsafe. So as I said I work for the government uh I work at a nuclear facility so right now we're building um it's a nuclear facility which is right now in the commissioning phase which is designing it and we constructed it and at some point of time we're going to start operating it. So the operational part is the difficult portion that so as long as we keep it all safe hopefully there is no Chernobyl accident. Go ahead. So I try to keep it that way.
I've never been to pennsylvania, I do hope one day I can go there
so.
but Tuesday.
Mhm Well you know what I actually uh two or three months ago I went on vacation to boston. Now, I don't know if you've ever been to boston, but there's like this food street that they have. And uh over there there were two or three dailies and they were selling the Philly cheese steak over there. Uh huh.
So.
I didn't have it. I liked it not
long with but like this they don't look yeah. Uh Their specialty is actually a lobster sandwich. That is something which I really enjoy,
They are, yes, I am absolutely enjoyed it. And unfortunately,
I mean whenever I have these sandwiches the next day my trainer, she always asks me what what did you have? I got my and then she gets frustrated and she makes her do some extra pork chops which I don't like. Mhm. Yeah
and
yeah, he actually acts like my mother, she is exactly like my mother over here and ah if you want to do extra part of, so this actually also has been one of the best phases because I wasn't the best shape of my life. Uh so I don't know and suddenly you have to stop all that, you have to stop the interaction just yeah, I'm gonna stay at home and uh but that's what I've been doing, I mean even after being at home, I have been exercising, so
nah, it's always the biscotti recipe.
The
point
is
Uh huh. Well, you
can always move a little bit well and you don't even have to do some complex movements. It's always
something
simple and but mostly for my weights, I've been just using gallon jugs, that's it. I start to gallon jugs, another backpack and I carried every day. That's it, so
Well, I'll show you mind that. Oh. Oh, so that has two gallon jugs incited?
No, so that's what I use every day. I mean it is okay. Uh not been working out as hard as I should, but then it's okay, it's better than nothing. Yeah. So has the, do you guys have like a stay at home order in pennsylvania or
two?
Oh, I don't know. I don't, so initially I was very restless, well being at home, but now I am on this face to get extended because I really like my naps and my sleep. Have you got 10?
And I'm gonna miss that once, all of this lockdown is over. So, I mean, I don't know.
And
uh
as far as michigan is concerned, although we we are still under lockdown um but I don't know what's going to happen uh as you might have heard or seen in the news.
People went
inside the building, the capitol building uh
Oh I know and the first thing which which happened was my my friend was actually there so he was he is one of the essential health workers and he he studies at michigan state University. So he was one of those people who were who was trying to stop these protesters from doing what they were doing and he was not trying, trying to stop them or he was just standing there and uh telling everyone to wear masks, not be idiots, but unfortunately when you have guns, I don't think you listen. So
so he he actually sent me a few videos uh of what was happening and I do not like it.
It
is good.
and what I heard was uh in the evening, so the first time when the protesters were strong into the building, uh everyone was scared of course, because accidents can happen. Uh but then when they came out uh in the evening, everyone had bulletproof vest because they were genuinely scared for the like
liberate michigan. I don't know how they are liberating them. Michigan.
Yeah, I
mean, I don't understand what, just cut your hair at home. Do you have to get it professionally got?
So
the first time this happened, uh this was probably two weeks ago and there are all these people, um we're marching toward the capitol building. There were 4000 protesters that day and they were all gathered up uh in groups in front of the capitol building without any masks. And
then not all of them are safe, but most of them were from the northern part of michigan which was sparsely affected. And now the population for people who are infected with this is slowly starting to increase over there. So all of these idiots were basically carriers, carriers for this uh this infection. So I don't know how this is going to stop but hopefully stops. I don't know what's going to happen. So it has been a testing time, but uh I don't know. I have been keeping myself busy uh doing things and not playing my guitar. I don't know that I get asked. So I have been learning it. So let me just say I'm not at the beginning the level, but if there are three intermediate levels, I'm at the middle intermediate level. So
hopefully by the time this is over I think I'll get this completely done.
So.
Not.
When you should then take you from the guy who lives above my girlfriend's apartment. He starts practicing his uh what's it called? It's very long horn. Uh
No cuba
cuBA.
It's going to CUBA. And he starts playing the tuba at nine p.m. In the ninth
Eastern
video
card. And then he probably ends around
one
in the mine because apparently he is the most freest man ever. He doesn't have anything to do.
we're always complaining. That's where she is. She is actually moving in the next two months. He's like just because of him. I'm moving. However they didn't have any problems.
so so where does it look?
so I work
from home and
See
you. Mhm.
Who?
So.
I know.
I mean sometimes my rumor does the same thing. So he was doing his masters and this was the last three weeks for the final weeks. So he had all his friends and surprisingly uh all of his friends decided to do a group sterilization, well not a group study sessions, several group study sessions. So the whole time the only time that I would go out and we did tell them to social distance. Well unfortunately they didn't listen. So I was like man I don't want this uh infection to me. So the only time I will go out was to use the microwave. That's it.
All
of you. Everything that I have. Everything they want to eat it straight to have the water, I have my food and
that's it. I don't go out.
No.
How
is
that?
Uh I mean I don't know that, I think there are things that you can do uh even mind being alone. Uh I don't know go out run. Uh I mean you just have to run alone, that's it and the other day I will uh I went to a park and it was a nice buck, saw some buds but even though I was with my girlfriend so we were socially distant from everyone else and there are a few kids were being idiots but that's fine. So it was one and especially when so I live in Lansing Harrington michigan state University. So and I think it was in one of the lists, I mean I I think it wasn't one of the top 10 lists of the party schools, the people who had a lot of body, I still remember the first time when this order came when they shut down the university. The first thing which, which happened was there are three bars. A huge boss famous bars, good boss. Right in front of the university. There was there were lines lines in front of those bars from my long and the university president. He saw that when we're going home one day, he was going home through that way and he saw that and the next day he wrote like a long, lengthy email, every single student, well including us. So, you know, you're not students, your staff members like what the hell is that? This is not a vacation time. This is very serious, nobody's taking this seriously. And even including some of the pictures that he's, he took some pictures from his car
confirm
them.
Well, most of the, I think the, most of the fatalities that we had, they were either in Spain or Italy I think Italy was the on the on top of the list and then after that we had Spain
Oh maybe that I don't know. Well it's it's very difficult for some reason, I mean I don't know uh this shouldn't happen but uh what I think is uh I don't know, north american countries didn't do a lot of this like they should have learned something from countries like I don't know south Korea uh so it's a very proactive in taking care of all of this very quickly.
I don't know they relax
then or will
they
get her?
Okay. Yeah, he's an idea, he's another big idiot.
Okay, that's Lord, that's
And
and eat some UV light bulbs so yes,
good
You know the best part of what the media was? All of the cameras repair and on trump but there was one
single camera
that was on the side which focused on that lady who was sitting in. Do you have you seen that video?
No
you
don't
know. So
all
of the cameras they were all in front of trump trump and they were all focused on trump and while he was saying this there was this one lone camera which was focused on that there was this lady and I think uh he's a huge deal neuroscientist and I think she's ahead of one of these health committees. Okay we should see her face her face is practically melting like
what the hell is this he saying man? Like how he's talking about injecting this thing into your bloodstream eating you be like bus like how is this even possible?
The the
disappointment.
I don't know what's going to happen, but you
should actually watch that bring.
Oh it was fun. I mean whatever that
guy has been a constant source of fun and uh I don't know, it he's been very strange over the last four years that he has with him. So I don't know. I mean of course I cannot vote, but you guys should board and please vote him out this time.
So the last time I've been uh he gave them power, the two swing states were floated in michigan. Uh huh I did my uh masters from University of florida now I'm working in michigan, so my dad helped me responsible for the given to for like the states that you've been to. Yeah, they were the swing states. It
was like a
no
let's
go.
It was actually the same thing happened to me, I was shopping at that time, I was like man let's quickly check uh but by how much words there is Hillary Bernie and then I see the 302 100 I was like
how
is this happening?
I
still remember there was this one guy, I mean they had created an entire month's worth of graphics presentation based on worry with him and suddenly trump won so they didn't have anything. So
I still remember there was this one guy, he just took a big black sheet of paper and he thinks it's like we don't have any growing so but we want to want you to get the latest news but here is the or graphic right? Stick out.
Yeah.
But oh man, I still, well you just mentioned beer and I think that is all up on my I'm calling it my dynamic bucket list. So all the things that are not trying long. Yeah there is actually a fantastic place uh to ask from here in Grand Rapids so they brew their beers. There's a thing called us, I don't know if you've heard of it, it's called Nitro Beer. So have you had it accident? So instead of the big bubbles it has small smaller bubbles. But
now
this one is raspberry flavored nitro beer.
So what if you don't get it you can please suggest someone or some brewery over there to start it. If not that's my sedition. So that along with some garlic bread. Mhm
and
no
it's
quite
I'm not with your family dog this
I'm not
I don't know Usually whatever. I'm always so confused on with the many usually has like 30 different kinds of beers and the server problem suddenly going to well what do you want? And I get to confused though. I just asked her for her recommendations. Usually like this whatever is getting something is get me drunk. That's it.
The doughnuts out. Uh huh. I don't know what that is.
wow. Maybe one day one day I'll give it a try. I don't know. Okay. Nice. So uh
so nice to meet you there.
Uh And I don't know what's the next step.
Take a long time there.
I think we have gone past the 25 minutes. Yeah.
Nice to see you as well. So hopefully you graduate, Get your job
and get married. That's the most important thing. Mhm.
Okay. All right.
See him.