I'm doing more.
Yeah, I mumble.
Are you? What's your name?
I'm
Kyle,
mm. My God. For him.
Is it sweetie?
He's all hounds. He's really dark sometimes.
All these pictures.
german.
Thanks.
Yeah. That's funny. Mhm.
He is. I guess he's a urine home. Mhm.
Not all regions. Mm hmm.
He's had a few people on my computer.
He's sweet.
And
I've been outside
soon. Full smells. Me. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We my wife's more that she grew up with dogs, so she probably one another one. I do too. But renting So what on those? Great.
yeah. Yeah. We looked at, we launched someone's dog last weekend. We don't accept to
He's just he's trying to look my ears. No, He's just lying.
Yeah. I've never done one of these video ones before. Yeah.
Okay,
wow.
that's
how long,
Mhm. Yeah, I've seen some online, but not not in person. Mhm,
yeah, I've seen a like a weasel Never that Uh huh, Mhm.
I think they get you. Yeah,
Yes, I am, but I haven't true, I got everything set up, but I don't I haven't been playing along. Mhm,
yeah, it is, yeah, I uh architect full time, so that's
I grew up choir,
yeah, they're they're I know some people from Mhm Yeah, in texas, we're just going to Afghanistan, that's okay. Mhm.
my grandmother, when the michigan back in them,
All right then,
Yeah, she's 92 in the 40s, Yeah,
she she met my grandfather, which I never met, but okay, I guess we wanna g I uh Mhm.
that's
Yeah, she
grew on me I guess she grew up in Canada. My grandfather was from texas so that eventually moved after
Houston sort of an Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean besides the humidity down there, That's crazy.
Yeah, that's uh philosophy down here, mm hmm.
Um no we stayed here because of school and my wife's in grad school, so I mean I would like to go to the big city, I grew up in Dallas and yeah, like that's where I thought I would be starting through uh ensure might get back then
she just stared at me last fall. So
yeah. You too happy about that. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah, she found about that, but Yeah, maybe two months.
you know there
have been
here. Yeah. She's a book preschool. Oh,
Yeah. I'm glad I can already be pursuing my sense. Sure. She she's has basically a full time job now. She started about six weeks ago. So she is she's wanting to kind of get any, she's majoring in counseling so she won the, given that. Yes. Mhm.
Uh
Oh
yeah. Yeah. She's working with primarily autistic kids in a little clinic and so she's she's only getting there. It's I guess she's never really like long kids. So I think it's good for her that she wants to do family and saying what I'm saying. So she's getting experience that, you know, a whole different villages potential. Mhm.
10.
Yeah. He's a
stranger.
We wanted to do my research and stuff like that. But one thing to, mm hmm, we're going to academia. Mhm.
Oh
Good. We do. It has
changed with the pandemic and everything. Like I switched to working at home and she was still, yeah, just having a normal a few months a week classes. So we're, you know, see each other more now. She's she's out of the house more. She's yeah, the plan. It's different. Please.
No, I mean,
Yeah. Yeah. That's what yeah, we're art uh starting some things, but I don't know. Mhm. Yeah,
please. She's really on top of everything so she can get all the school stepped down. I mean, she's really tired now. She's new pointed that it used to he doesn't have a super full time job. So it's just that she has like occupational hazards. The kids, she's
gotten
scratched.
All right, man. She really loves, you know, some of the kids are awesome. You know, we're unpredictable.
hmm.
Yeah. There uh pretty never quarantine. You know, if you go anywhere basically. Mm they're hiring so many people because they just need to like military. Mm hmm. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I am, since I'm more lower level, I'm not managing construction, but we've done a few construction visits. Yeah. Everybody else is wanting to be in the office. And so again, at least we communicating directly.
that's
the,
yeah, that's the, because I'm working well. Okay. Dallas is just, yeah, but I work in urban songs are firm are firm in Little rock started last week All in office.
Yeah, that's the, that's the thing. It's like
the conflict of the politics, all this other Portugal, wow.
You know, and then also just with my mental health, I feel better at home and then, but now they're just wanting to be more productive. I don't care
and yeah,
we
are
that's I think are we only have one word small office up there. We only have five people had six
and there is Maybe 30 in little rock. That's the name awful for You've been around 47 years. But our principal here has two girls
his life's full time to and they, you know, they don't look at their girls, but then I don't. Yeah. Okay. He eventually switched to being at the office the majority of the day alone. Oh
Yeah. But then she's also, you know, professional. I know, just
Yeah. I just
and then I
my
voice
my concerns this week and, you know, you wanted to.
yeah, we do. But
we
do. But I think it's, mm hmm.
Yeah, we're pretty casual. And the other project architects who managing, so like there I guess there's only two of us that
are in terms with more than one uh Mhm,
No. And even when. Mhm.
Yeah. And then we we didn't go full on, so Oh, we were, yeah, we didn't have an official state. Well, that's cool. It's kind of
if
you're
feeling like it, you know? Yeah.
correct.
Yeah. And I was glad for the main office doing all that stuff and now it's kind of, I think all in our hands. Mhm. So I don't know what's gonna happen in minutes two weeks and then I was brought up the stuff with him and I just I don't think it got to him because that's he I guess he's not his concern but I am and also just my mental health and I would I would prefer actually to make bigger changes and uh yeah this has been working with me. That announcement happened to me. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh
and
then
I have one coworker who's we've been more vulnerable, I've been more vulnerable and personal trying to Mhm. Talk through issues in the office. But yeah, I don't have a our HR persons in Little Rock. She probably doesn't. Yeah. So you know what's gonna happen in my wife's job is she's actually high risk. I'm nothing. You know, I might I could be on a beach doing work. Yeah, but we are more hands on. Very little smaller room. Uh We're doing a lot of University of Arkansas projects, lots of stuff where you have to baby gallon, so.
I don't.
Mystery
if,
Telephone.
Yeah. Yeah. We're difficult. It's a whole,
That's
Yeah.
An aggressive isn't it? Some months. Oh.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. And she's doing okay. Yeah. I hope there's
no shoes, You never know. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I'd recommend sure,
you know we got him earlier than we thought we would get him after being married. So. Okay. We just wanted to
have
Let's see a year June 15 for the baby's face josh I guess we only waited four months.
All
if,
Uh huh.
All
That's funny.
People
Oh yeah. Yeah I agree. Yeah.
It's changed their lives.
I know
see what it says. 28 or something. Mhm. Oh
yeah I don't know Against we closed the tab and then do it yourself. Mhm. Oh I see. Okay.
Mhm. Let's see.
What
they're
just asking what your next I guess once we're done with that you know that?
Oh God.
Oh
that's good awesome. Right.
You
don't have to feel it.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Or
just
You to enjoy the rest of your evening.
Well
Yeah. Thank you. Yeah.