mm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. The property, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh, mm mm. Mhm. Mhm. I don't want any Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, wow. Sure. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, mm. All right. Oh, hello, how are you?
Oh let me turn my volume up. I can't hear you very well.
No, that's okay. I have my volume down. I was on a work call earlier that was really loud, so
my name is Maria and
richards,
Kara, nice to meet you.
Are you gonna say, do I see a pop in the background? Uh huh.
What kind of dog?
Well,
oh I'm so jealous,
I had a video but I had to put her asleep last year and I'm dying to get another dog. So I borrow my my son and my ex husband's all the time. He's a six month old pop in, you know? It's crazy. They're
full of energy.
How old is your guy?
wow, he's pretty calm. Oh my goodness A 2nd. He was older.
Oh what a sweetie! Uh
Oh and he gives kisses, that's the bad
my dog's name was her, She because she gave so many kisses. Yeah,
he
will.
huh. Just have the one dog, Yes, wow, I always wanted to have two so they could keep each other company when I wasn't home, but
I wasn't gonna play, that makes it hard, I'm I'm renting a house and yeah, I I don't think I could get my landlord to sign up for a dog, so, and the space is hard to what is sweetie? Oh my gosh, I was so jealous, especially because I had my son's dog for a week when they were traveling and I just gave him back on Wednesday and I'm kind of having withdrawal.
yeah, well when you have more than one, it's it can get a little crazy. Oh, too funny.
Yeah, it's like uh he's like pay attention, this is all about me, right?
he's so cute. My goodness. Yeah. Okay.
Uh
Yeah, I wish now I just have uh my son has to guinea pigs in a hedgehog
at my house, so
one of the weirdest pets we could ever have is a hedgehog.
there, I mean he's a cute little guy, but he's not turtle, I mean you barely see him and uh they're not very friendly, so they don't like to be held or anything and they just kind of hate it at you, and it's kind of like, okay, so it's a pet, you can't really do anything about it, it's kind of boring.
Yeah.
so so I see keyboards in the background. Do you, are you a musician?
brother in law is a musician and he does, he's a recording studio. Yeah, it's really cool and he does a bunch of mixing and so here's all the new up and coming bands and it's pretty, it's pretty cool. Yeah, that's a, that's a tough market. I give you guys credit
over side pursuit.
Yeah, that is so cool. I actually, I started college wanting to be an architect and yeah, I don't know where you're from, I'm from michigan and I went to university of michigan and that is a tough school. I didn't make it.
Yeah. Super competitive. But I always thought it would be cool. Yeah.
All right,
your grandmother, is that what you said,
that is awesome. Oh my God,
that is so cool. I thought it was really awesome. My grandma, I'm italian and my family came over Like 1915 ISH. And they went to West Virginia and worked in the coal mines and my mom and her sister moved up from West Virginia to Ann Arbor to work as telephone operators and
I was out there, it was so cool. But that is amazing, your grandma went to college, that is so cool.
Mhm,
this account
While the weather is a lot better. I used to go there all the time. I, I like to texas.
Yeah, but how many months? Like for us, it's like God, it finally got nice in june and it will be holding october, it's like, oh my gosh, we get like five months of good weather, that's about it.
Have you ever thought of moving or not really?
How much longer does she have in school?
if you were you
I'm a nerd. I love school. I would I've done my masters and I would go back for a PhD if I could afford it. We love it.
Yeah. So expensive. Do you do you have kids yet? Yeah.
That makes
it a lot easier.
Yeah. Yeah. That's that's part of why I there's no way I could do it. I have a 12 year old son, so and I'm a single mom. It's like I'm still paying on my master, so it's like that's a pipe dream. I mean nice if it happens one day. But so but that's good that you're working and she's going to school. I mean it's infinitely easier than when you're still trying to both go through grad school together.
That is what I went into after I found out I couldn't be an architect, very different to everybody. Always ask that question. Like how the hell do you get from this to this? But uh yeah, it's a tough job. Yeah,
gotta have the right personality to be going to counseling and take everybody's stuff and not internalize it. Yeah, challenge,
I give her credit.
Yeah.
I know that's very admirable. I mean I know you know just friends of my son who have their parents went through a bad divorce is and the kids ended up in counseling and it's I mean you're kind of a lifeline for them. I mean that's very world job. Mhm. Mhm, wow.
Picture
girl. Yeah.
Yeah, I think with the research part, I mean so much is driven by what school you went to. So like I said I was the University of Michigan, it is a huge research school and I actually did research with a couple um of the psychologist and I mean schools are so much better at gearing you towards that now. Very cool.
So then if you're working and she's working and going to school, do you guys ever have time together?
Crazy.
Does that worrisome for you guys?
Look up here, we're still kind of on lockdown like I I haven't been to work in Yeah, since beginning of March.
Yeah.
So
it's
Oh my gosh, I can only imagine.
that's the tough part. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I can't even imagine. Especially now, I mean because I mean just even trying to talk to kids that comprehend everything and don't have any disabilities, why you can't touch, why you have to social distance. Um it's got to be a lot harder dealing with autistic Children and keeping yourself safe and uh
Yeah. Have
you been able to do all of your stuff from home for your job?
Oh really? You have people who want to go back to the office, wow. Yeah,
we don't do any
of that.
but isn't Arkansas hotbed right now?
yeah, I have friends down there and they told me it's getting really bad.
Yeah,
I don't know, I mean,
I
work
from home like because I I've worked tons of hours in general, so I mean I have like my work day at work and then a ton of ours at home before this whole thing and so I'm used to working at home, I'm much more productive at home. And so this whole thought that people are like, oh you're so much more productive in the office, I'm like, unless you have kids bugging you all the time, I don't get it, I think you're more productive at home, you don't have 20 million people bugging you and you can focus on what you need to do and everybody I know who is really getting antsy to go back to the office, it's because they're stuck home with their kids. Yes,
Oh, wow. Yeah, that's all,
yep. There we go.
so he can focus his wife deal with the kids.
Oh yeah, I have a lot of co workers that when you have both husband and wife working, they're both professional, they both, especially once you get to a certain level. Mhm. I mean they fight over who's going to the office to get away from the kids so they can get work done. I mean it's gonna be a long summer,
but but
we
don't
have,
I mean do they least have protocols in place for you guys to go back to the office like you know, really start cleaning and
masks and
all it
because I mean I wanna stereotype but I would think the bigger offices are much more concerned and have better protocols. I would think in a small little office where there's only five or six people.
Well,
Yeah. Because I know just even like because I'm in a big office there's like 300 people. I mean we have someone on site all day cleaning the building and then you have a full cleaning crew that comes in every night. I mean you're not going to have that in a small little office
and its prior to covid.
And that's
what we're
crazy.
Yeah because I know like up here, I mean nobody wants, I mean everybody is enjoying working from home for the most part, but I mean with the bigger companies there's so many protocols like I feel safer going to work then I do go into the grocery store because
there's crazy people not wearing masks and all kinds of crazy stuff. Like I have no concern going back to work. It's just nice being working from home.
Yeah, that's tough because I know up here, I mean you know so much as automotive up here and now that everybody's been doing this for so many months, you're hearing a lot of the bigger automotive companies talking about long term changes where they're gonna let people start working from home or do rotation schedule where you know, One teams in the office, one week, 1 team is in the office the next week. Yeah,
Yeah.
So that's
that
stuff, especially in a small office, you don't have as many people behind you to kind of get a critical mass to push on the Oh
yeah, Yeah, that's it. It's a tough time and
it's, I think it's going to be really tough until they have a vaccine. I don't know what everybody's gonna do. Like I know, you know, you hear all this stuff recently, how you know there, I'm going to say they're going to force the schools to be open in the fall. I don't know, it's going to be, it's going to be a challenge. Uh huh.
I don't know. Yeah, I just, I just hope we
can all kind of come together. I think it's comical. I was telling a friend of mine yesterday how when it started in Italy was just going crazy on their number of cases and we were making fun of them. I mean, I was like, oh my gosh, what's wrong with Italy? And now we're worse than Italy and we have people fighting over whether you really need to wear a mask and I mean beating up on clerks at stores who are telling you to where about
if we can just kind of come together and figure it out and be lovely.
well we're based on independence and freedom and rights and you know, other countries are a little more collective and you know, having forbidden, we should infringe on anybody's rights. No, and
that's the hard part. Especially with your wife, you see all these other people who were in health care and they're the ones who are going to suffer because at the end of the day, it's not just, well, if I don't wear a mask and I get sick, I don't hurt anybody else. Well, you kind of do. Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh
wow. Well,
I hope she can stay safe. That's got to be pretty challenging for you both
business.
No. Yeah.
Well, hopefully with all the protocols and I'm sure she's very careful, fingers crossed. Hopefully it's good. Yeah,
As here, the pooch sleeping. So cute. Yeah. Oh, so adorable. Yeah,
I need to get a dog. I
Yeah.
How long
have you been married?
Okay. That's about how long it took when we got our mind was a surprise though. My uh My husband, we had talked about getting a dog, and at the time I was working like 12 hour days, and he was working a lot too. And he had this idea that we needed to get a dog right away to convince me that we were ready for kids because I was like, no, we need to wait to
have kids. So I went to visit,
um, my older sister has twins and she wanted to go away for a night
with her husband for their anniversary and I said I would watch the twins. So I come home and there's a puppy in the front yard and all the papers sitting around just I am puffy and I'm like, what the hell? And and of course he knew because I'm such a sucker as soon as I saw the movie is
get over it. So yeah, I think we waited, I think. Yeah, about four months.
So, and then of course, you know, very quickly it was the stock senior, we can kill a puppy. Why can't we have kids? Like I'm still working 12
hours a day. Small problem. I don't know. I don't know. It's nice to come home to.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. Like that's so sweet. Yeah. I didn't realize it's already like 5 30 ish,
typical.
I didn't even see there's a little counter. Okay.
yeah.
Are you looking ahead or what are you what
are you doing? I haven't
done it.
I haven't done this before, so I'm like, okay, whatever. Oh
thank you. Oh, but I'm Mhm.
So docile. So cute. So, well, I should probably let you go. I'm actually gonna go rescue my son's puppy because he's at baseball practice and the dogs in a crate. So I'm rescue him and take him for a nice long walk and get my puppy fixed.
So I get to see him a lot, which is nice. So I get my puppy fix. It's kind of like being a grandparent. I get my puppy fix the spoil them rotten and then take them back and
I'm done. Mhm,
awesome. I love it. The best of both worlds. Now I understand why grandparents always say that's a better job than being a parent. No responsibility. Yeah.
Okay,
Well, it was nice talking to you.
Your
wife do well and stay healthy and best of luck.
Thanks you too. Have a good weekend. Okay, give
me a kiss for me. So cute. Okay, take care.