Hi me? Can
you hear me?
I can hear you. So
how are you?
Good.
I'm
in texas.
How about you?
I'm there like well I'm in Houston. Yeah. So uh what do you like to do?
I like to play games, I like um to watch anime and read. Um I haven't read in a while, I'll probably shit. But um yeah
that's pretty much it. Just spending my
few weeks before I have to start my summer classes. Okay.
You know
are you in school?
That's nice. I'm taking two classes in the lab so yeah, I'm not looking forward to it because it's like every day
for a month. Like I'm pretty sure it's gonna be like two hours per class every single day. And I have two classes
plus the lab is gonna be like who knows how long. And for my lab I have like a midterm the first
week, so that's great. Well
it's supposed to be um it's supposed to be
in person but because of like covid and everything, it's going to be online and I don't really know how it's gonna work. And it's easier to like spend the time like in an actual lab. Like I wouldn't mind so much because you can actually learn, but I was in a lab this past semester and when it got changed like to online and um it was not
like ideal at all basically like our T. A. Um didn't really teach us anymore and it's not like we can do the labs at home, you know because my labs are for my anatomy class and we like every every lab we have like a dissection and so and they didn't even post videos of like them doing the dissections themselves. And
so
and we still have to do all the work that coincides with like the labs that were supposed to be doing, and
we have
to have like, like make up figures basically because we don't have actual data and so I'm not looking forward to it for that. Also just because like I don't really like online learning that much unless it's like if it's something that's like I don't know, like a B. S. Class that I don't really need that much, like I don't mind if it's online but if it's a class that I'm supposed to be like actually like participating in, then it's like a kind of six. Yeah.
literally.
I don't know, it's just my all of my professors pretty much except for um one of them
literally just decided not to teach anymore and like the biggest one was my kim teacher or my kim professor this past semester, like he literally just was like, I don't give a
fuck
about you
guys.
And he was like,
like you're gonna have to teach it to yourselves and we don't really have a textbook. And he didn't post like lectures or anything, and it's kim And also he was like, I'm not going to change the course work, like I'm not gonna make the tests or like anything easier for you guys. And he was in his emails to us, he was straight up like, I don't care about your situation and I don't want you to send it to me, like I do not care, it's up to
you to do it, like it's not my problem. He literally said it's not my problem in one of his emails, and I was like, oh my God,
I just don't understand. Yeah,
he really is. He's like in his seventies and he's from Poland and he's a kim professor. So, I mean I don't know how much worse it gets from that. Just thanking God that I'm not like having to take like organic chemistry or anything like that because that would be terrible.
Most professors, I found that do stand like are just terrible. Like they're so mean and they're so like, above everyone else, like that's how they act. I am originally was majoring in biology because I wanted to do pre-med and it's a lot like I didn't like I personally like I know that if I really applied myself I could do fine in those classes but I don't want to stress myself out every single semester, like having to take up to cal three, having to take organic chemistry and like take like medical microbiology and all of that. So then I switched to psychology and I really love psychology a lot. And um for like a while I've been like yeah I want to be like a counselor and like get my like doctorate in psychology or whatever and help people. But so then I changed from that again because in texas um in order to get like you're finished completed degree to be like a doctor for psychology, it takes like 12 years and I was like
I'm
not spending that much time
like where I'm going to be like how much debt is that? Like I can't even imagine how much students that that is, and I was like really crushed
because I love psychology. I was like what the hell am I going to do now like? So now I'm going to do nursing so that I can Yeah, so it's still medical, and
then
after I like work as a nurse for a couple of years I'm going to go back to school and become like a nurse practitioner and get my specialty psychology and then I'll actually be able to do what I want to do. So Loopholes but Okay. Yeah.
Thanks. What do you want to do?
that's really like I think like work like that is really important. Um Just like yeah I think that's a really cool thing to do and it's like soul enriching I think to be able to work with people and help them out
and I don't think thank you, I'm going to be a junior. So yeah.
How about you?
Oh good luck. I'm sure it's not going to be fun with all of the pandemic stuff. Thank you. Yeah
it really is. And like personally I don't think people should have to pay so much money like because I go to like University of Houston and like literally if all of my classes being taught online, why should I not just go to community college like and just go to nursing school, why should I have to waste? So like in my school
is relatively cheap. Like I'm really lucky because like I'm getting like let's just compare the prices. So there's University of texas and University of texas is like 30 K. For in state. That's a lot of money. And then there's A. And M. And A. And M's around 50 K.
For no freaking reason. Just so you know like they're not even that good but like
it's 50 K.
For in state and it's not a private school, it's not a private school to public school, like there's no reason why it should be that much. And then you have a church. Um I think last semester my tuition was like for a yearly, I guess the tuition is around like 12 K. Like
just
the, just the paper classes. Yeah. And it's like, but still you think I want to spend that much money like getting it online education. I don't think so. Yeah.
literally. I don't know. It's like so not ideal. It's the whole situation. It's like, what do you even do? Because it's honestly like a question of ethics, like reopening schools when you know that people are going to get sick and not everyone can afford PPE or keep the schools closed, but you get less of an education. You know, you're having to spend a lot more money. It's just not like idea. Like it's like what do you do? So I think it's like,
wow, it's so small.
Thanks. But that must be nice because that means that you can spend a lot of time like with your professors and like get like a definitely better education. I like one of the schools I was looking at when I was like applying for colleges was this private school in san Antonio and it's like really amazing. Like the staff is basically like, there's a professor for every four kids or whatever, which I think is really cool. But the tuition was like $80,000. I was like,
um, that's not happening. No world is that happening? But my school has like, I think my school is just approaching 50,000 students.
it's not the biggest in tech. Hmm,
personally.
here's the thing that I think is like really messed up that my school is doing. They said that they were going to in april, the Chancellor of my school was like, we are expecting to come back in the fall, like for in person, like we're expecting it, but we're not going to make an official statement until like some date in june which is so dumb because the official statement is just after like enrollment for classes like and paying like so they're doing it like there and I just bet that because I don't know like texas is um choices that they've been making with the pandemic has been really bad personally. Like I think it's really like basically we completely reopened again and everyone is getting sick and there's nothing that the government is doing because they only care about the economy because
texas
almost like they're not required. First of all, there is no requirement for masks from anywhere. Like the restaurants are at 50%
capacity, you don't have to be like six ft apart, like there's no rules at all, there's no like requirement of social distancing, Like staying like six
ft
apart, There's none of that. And then literally yesterday the governor of texas decided after we've like pretty much reopened all the stores and the restaurants for in seating. Like there's no like you can't wear a mask in a restaurant when you're eating food. And there's all these people, they've opened up all the beaches. All of the people are just flooding to the beaches. Like no big deal. Like what the hell? And they just opened up all the bars, all the salons, all the gems. So I don't even know what's going to happen. But to me, I think the right thing that the university should do is closed for the fall, even though I don't want that obviously like who wants online learning. But being realistic, that is such a cess pool. Like they're like the classes with 300 kids, what are you supposed to do with that? You sit right next to each other and it's so classist to assume that everyone can afford to get masks or even have access to masks or even just gloves and like sanitization, Like you can't expect everyone to have that. So let's say 30% of the population on campus doesn't have access to that stuff. Like everyone would be sick in a week straight up. Like there's nothing you can do unless you wore like an n 95 masks, gloves, goggles and as soon as you got home you took your clothes off and sanitized it because of that many people get sick. There's literally nothing you can do. So, but
I know. And I don't know, but if they follow with like the texas government then it's probably going to be open and and, and I don't know if,
because it's a public school, if they went against what the government saying, would they lose grant money? Like, so you never know like what, like it's all just about money is what it is.
I I personally
have been watching the virus since january and I kind of figured like just following the math statistically that it would get this bad. So I prepared myself and I, you know, I don't mind staying at home. Like I'm more of an introvert anyway. Like it's no big
deal. So I personally, it doesn't matter what reopens. I'm not going to go to restaurants and eat, I'm not going to go to the gym. Like it's not smart. It's like you're asking to get sick, right? But unfortunately there are so many people in texas, Unfortunately, so many conservative people that it's like they don't care. Those are all the people that are going out and eating out and going to the bars and going to the beaches and like that is just, it's so hard thankfully Houston is a really liberal city for texas. But it doesn't matter because there's so many people that just don't care anymore. Like they, my apartment complex just like send an email and said, hey we're reopening the pool and the gym for the complex. So like have fun guys and I'm like, are you joking? That's how, see how quick it's gonna be that the apartment complex gets sick. Like I don't know, texas
isn't
doing
very good.
And
then
most
people don't wipe down
the machines
and then like exercising you breathe more because you're like working out so it's just more polluted air going out. Like it's like terrible. Yeah, it's not ideal, I would say, but it's like, I don't know like my mom once, I personally
thinks that um wait, I mean obviously because we can't stay closed for so long because the economy is really bad and she thinks that we should open but not like this. And I agree like there should be some,
if maybe if our government stepped
in and like actually did something to help the citizens, it wouldn't be such a huge deal on the economy. That's just
all
I have to say about that. Like,
like literally one of the senators for texas said that old people should be willing to die for the economy. He
literally straight upset that
and
I was like,
what the heck? That's telling people that they should be okay with risks, like losing their life just so that you can save like money from, for big corporations. You've got to be joking
like it's
I don't like most of what America's got going for it personally and it's fine. Nothing that anyone can do about it unfortunately.
I don't know have we actually been talking for 25 minutes?
now you're good. I think we've got like, like three more minutes. Hopefully they don't report me to the FBI and I don't end up dead like three days because I'm talking
about,
oh same, literally just throw me in jail for my entire twitter honestly. At this point.
That's
That's terrible. I don't even understand what people have to be like that honestly. So what games do you like to play?
True.
I
have been playing animal crossing. I know I got a switch because animal crossing New Horizons was supposed to come out last year. Like it was supposed to come out last summer technically. And then they said it was going to be in the fall and then they changed it to March 2020. So I had gotten one for Hanukkah. Um like december of 2018 just
for animal crossing. So I've been waiting for this game for so long because I played all the other ones. Yeah, I've been playing that mostly and I play some Pc games, but not as much as animal crossing. Yeah.
Plus it's like,
I wish I had time to take as
much time as I used to play games and like
just
games are so expensive. Like every switch game that comes out is $60. Like the ones that are like, like major releases, all of them are like $60. And I'm just pretty sure that I got new leaf on my DS for like $30 so I don't know what the deal is. Hello? Good to do.
it's
true, but right now it's like Uh
Okay.
Uh I don't know what we're supposed to do.
All right.
Look good school everything.
Yeah. All right. Uh.