SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. I cannot see anything on my screen. I could just just look black here. I don't know if that matters.
SPEAKER_R: There you go.
SPEAKER_L: There you go, buddy. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good. I'm glad we were able to set up this survey. I tried to do it the first time around automatically and nobody was available. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I love this prolific service thing. I uh this year I started kind of looking for some downtime at work or minutes in between like whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, man, it isn't
SPEAKER_R: The first,
SPEAKER_L: just raking in. It's not bad at all. Not bad at all.
SPEAKER_R: if you like this one, I'm pretty active on respondent as well.
SPEAKER_L: Is that one? Pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they do much higher paying surveys, although it's a little bit more difficult to get in. Um Most of the ones that I've done on their have paid anywhere from 1 to 300 um and it's you can apply to three surveys a day and it will let you um repeat that after 24 hour period has gone by.
SPEAKER_L: Shooting an email to myself right now about it. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: respondent dot IO
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: so that one's been pretty uh pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I do this a lot with a lot of different companies.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I built a spreadsheet um just trying to get a little bit ahead this year, so uh I do like crowd tap has been a pretty good one for me.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh I don't have a crowd tap.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Check out crowd tap, and it's great because it uh it gives you, you know, it does like points, but it's got from your IOS device as well, and or you know, whatever device as well. It's all really quick, easy, simple questions. I cash out about once a week at its five bucks for amazon gift card. But I mean five bucks a week for you know answering
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: like you think of this new packaging when you're, I can't whatever is not bad, not bad at all, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: paid for all of my christmas presents with amazon gift cards I've gotten over the last few months.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Perfect man. Perfect. Yeah I've been keeping traps in september and probably like 10 different size or something like that. I think about over 600 bucks already. It's like not bad man serious. Just that little extra to try to get over bob my teacher. So I would like just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: carrying,
SPEAKER_R: gonna think it looks like you're in a classroom.
SPEAKER_L: yep yep yep, staying after using the company equipment here, you know how it is?
SPEAKER_R: A PS four camera on the wall to your left.
SPEAKER_L: No that was actually um
SPEAKER_R: No the other direction.
SPEAKER_L: oh let's see here. Uh No uh it's a technology teacher. Oh this is a program bits box that I want to grant for and paid for. Um that teaches like real, basic kind of coding but in a unique way. That's that's not a lot of other companies have done yet.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: And I do that actually next week, a whole second semester of the school for the fifth grade students. I do a computer science club, it starts next week, I got 20
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: kids
SPEAKER_R: reason.
SPEAKER_L: that signed up for it, so it's always just doing kind of in putting their names on the roster, looking
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: out and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: I wish I had the opportunity to code that young, I didn't get to do anything until I was in the high school so.
SPEAKER_L: that's kind of how I was too, and I went off to college off it. Not necessarily enjoy it, but like I had a couple of class in high school that started up, it was like all right, it's pretty easy, you know, and just carry on through. But I mean it's just grown even more with modern day, it's everything, every aspect of life
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: is a electronic, you know? Crazy
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's been years since I've seriously coded, I'm in a PhD program now and I'm getting into python and r and it's just completely different from the programming I did in high school and college and
SPEAKER_L: yep. See and things like that. Uh what's your
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what's your PhD programming?
SPEAKER_R: management sciences with a focus on operations management, I just started it last fall and uh working class starts up again in a couple of weeks so um keeps me pretty busy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What are you hoping to do with it man?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure yet. I think I wanna, they push really hard for everybody to stay in academia that go and go and teach
SPEAKER_L: create new
SPEAKER_R: another.
SPEAKER_L: knowledge and share it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But I really enjoy being an industry and I think probably at least make an effort to get a job with one of the big tech companies or something if I can. I still haven't even figured out what I'm gonna do my dissertation on. So open to find something that'll grab my interest for the next 4.5 years.
SPEAKER_L: Flat versus organic organizations, things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm looking at uh some of the stuff I did this last semester was looking at sort of the impact that regulations and other government impacts have on businesses and trying to sort of more explicitly analyze whether or not a business should actually be supportive of regulation or not. It's not.
SPEAKER_L: here to it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, most of the literature basically says all regulation is good period and there's never any, any sort of, you know, this is why or this is what we studied. It's just, we're assuming there's no negative impact of regulation.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no shit, I'm very surprised at that, I figured that would be um pretty strong camps on both sides that are pumping out books, you know?
SPEAKER_R: you would think. But the guys, there's, there's a fairly expansive school of thought called resource dependence theory and the authors have been writing about it for 30 40 years and just about everybody that is writing papers today references resource dependence theory and read all the books that these guys have published and every single one of them when they get to regulation, it's, it's a positive, there's no downside the regulation and all the papers just repeat that as a given. So looking at these things can cost a company trillions of dollars in compliance in changing the way that they do things. And I'm curious if it can be proven that there are some regulations that sort of have a restrictive effect on industry.
SPEAKER_L: Shit
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: man. If you could figure out how to even, I mean even just gingerly market yourself to certain camps with that idea, people are gonna throw buddy at you because
SPEAKER_R: that's,
SPEAKER_L: that's what they're waiting for the paper to quote a document, court cases, you know? Of academia. Shit man, that's that's a pretty pretty good way to go about it.
SPEAKER_R: So how long have you been teaching?
SPEAKER_L: This is my eighth year uh started when I was 38. Actually yesterday was my 39th birthday.
SPEAKER_R: Happy birthday.
SPEAKER_L: Um Thanks man, appreciate it. Um My eight years a full time teacher switched over into it. Um fifth grade straight up for four years and then our district was building a new building and kind of in a little bit of a transition. So they were looking at some rolls and they were taking there was a full time website management person and it was very really obvious to everyone that this person was not a full time necessary employee. So they and then they had an assistant principal teaching computers as a special, so they decided to kind of try to merge those two into one job and uh kind of did so with the idea of me and mine like they knew I had a computer history background, my degrees and things like that And um also from my working in white collar sector, I was a data manager for a while, The rate data manager for this company, the hub group for a while. Um So they kind of built this position kind of with me in mind here and they could combine two jobs into one. So
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: pretty nice pet to have, but it's also pretty nice good security for me. So the website is SharePoint 2010 and I, you know, I've got it mastered and it's like you throw a dart in the ground. 100 miles are probably the best school website, you know. Um But then they teach K through five computers. So it's like pretty british, you know, like kindergartners learn how to use the mouse and open up windows and they did that for the first time and then fourth grade really diving into like typing and just, you know, the basic shit that you need the news, but like that not district
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: don't have. So it's kind of nice for me because I mean that was pretty cake to, I mean any any less. Especially compared to what I used to do
SPEAKER_R: whereabouts
SPEAKER_L: in fifth grade.
SPEAKER_R: are you, if you don't mind? Just general.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm Illinois. Just probably about uh 40 miles south Chicago ish, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Actually travel up to Chicago for work on an occasional basis, Probably one or two trips to europe there.
SPEAKER_L: I bet you probably passed right tom the right go right past the time that I teach and I bet so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was uh, I went to the Coast Guard Academy for my undergraduate and got to present a paper in a little town that was probably about 30 minutes, almost dead west of Chicago. You remember the name of it? But it was absolutely gorgeous. I mean, the, we were up there in fall, it was um, it was, you know, the leaves were in full, full color and it was just an absolute, it was amazing how quickly it shifted from Chicago to feeling like you're sort of out in the countryside. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: northern, the northern burbs and western burbs are like that. The southern ones here you get the sprawl. So there's a big giant national park that day win, which kind of like serves as like a proper, but the rest is just gone out. It's funny to joke around here with the Chicago Landers. Midwesterners like, you know, you go to japan be like where you from? Your like I'm from Chicago, but really like you're from naperville, you know? But you just say Chicago even though it's like not even really that close kind of a big down in itself,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: got the
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: like everyone
SPEAKER_R: thing,
SPEAKER_L: from Chicago here and then the people that are actually from Chicago get pissed off that everyone else says they're from Chicago, you know, it's one of those nice little battles.
SPEAKER_R: like I live just north of Fort Worth and whenever anybody asks where I'm from and I say Fort Worth, they always go, oh, is that near Dallas? What more? But it's, it stands on its own,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 110%. Under 10%.
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: didn't have
SPEAKER_L: grew
SPEAKER_R: this,
SPEAKER_L: up for a couple years in Lewisville. I actually wrote over by there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's I think that's probably only 40 50 minutes from me. Uh
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: we know the definition of sprawl down here too, I mean the DFW Metroplex is the size of
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh yeah man, it just grows and grows and grows, it doesn't stop. Um That's cool man. Yeah, I've been to um you know, I kind of switched careers for me every four or five years, I've been doing something totally different and this kind of has rolled into that, except this is my fourth year teaching computers and technology and you know, this job, but I think I've done, you know, I am like I get good enough at something where I kind of just instead of working on my weaknesses, I just rest on my strength, you know, and I get a little bored, I need to do something else. But I think I haven't accrued enough debt where,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: because I got, I got two master's degrees as well, you know, to get uh so I think I've accrued enough dead in the house and all that shit where it's like once it gets, you know, now, if I get a little bored, it's like, all right, well try to try to do something exciting at
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: home,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: was personal
SPEAKER_L: Just kind
SPEAKER_R: before
SPEAKER_L: of sit tight because you got yourself a pretty good, pretty good thing going on here now.
SPEAKER_R: You got kids of your own or
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm not into that. I'm not very optimistic about the future in general.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So living fully
SPEAKER_R: hear that
SPEAKER_L: he hedonistic lifestyle, you know, as much
SPEAKER_R: we've
SPEAKER_L: as possible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: got I'm not married, but my girlfriend uh we've been together for about just shy of six years now and we've
SPEAKER_L: Congrats.
SPEAKER_R: got two dogs and three cats, so
SPEAKER_L: There you go.
SPEAKER_R: keep just pretty busy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's the way my girlfriend a little over two years and she's got a 10 year old. It's like the one thing I like I said never wanted kids never want to be involved, but you know, she ended up hooking it so we'll we'll see how that all turns out. But it's uh no, not not trying to do anything for as far as that ankle is definitely not.
SPEAKER_R: Does her kid go to your school or?
SPEAKER_L: No, she doesn't. I live outside of town. Um I live probably about a half hour away. Um Don't shit where you eat type of thing, you know? It's kind of it's
SPEAKER_R: Air
SPEAKER_L: kind of nice. Yeah, it's like uh you know, you don't want to be going grocery stores hungover in the morning or something like that and have some kid like, you know, I was like oh god uh
SPEAKER_R: I always thought it was strange growing up when I'd run into my instructors out out in the wild.
SPEAKER_L: oh it's funny even like, you know, I'll step in the bathroom real quick, you know, take a leak and everyone's like, oh my God, Mr when you go to the bathroom, it's like these little kids, they like can't believe that you're actually like actually does things like whoa, you know, it's in the bathroom, you know, just like anybody else. It's like, yep. There it is.
SPEAKER_R: My sister was actually 1/5 grade teacher for a while and then she got she got married and had kids and stopped working. Um But she had some, I'm originally from Washington State, then we lived in a really nice area, but she had some absolutely awful Children and Children with these horrible home lives. Like some kid that was in her class, like his father was on death row and you know, there were others that just obviously had abusive homes and so and they were acting out in class and nobody ever did anything. It was shocking to me that there was that much um there are so many problems like you almost have to be a social worker in addition to being a teacher.
SPEAKER_L: The they're
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: not having kids thing has been always, you know, part of my thing, but I figure, you know, if there's a right girl, she could probably
SPEAKER_R: That's good
SPEAKER_L: make me,
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: you know, put winter or something like that. But just being,
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: being
SPEAKER_R: think?
SPEAKER_L: a teacher like you really just have to stare right down America's butthole man because you see it all and it's one of those things like just change
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: shouldn't
SPEAKER_L: mind, you know you mean
SPEAKER_R: be defined.
SPEAKER_L: you need a license to drive to have fish and certain links or like hunt things like that, anybody
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: President
SPEAKER_L: have kids
SPEAKER_R: of the conference?
SPEAKER_L: and as many as they want
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and it's like oh you just see it there, it's like jesus christ like really some of these people should just be snipped up man, it's not a good thing
SPEAKER_R: well, I would hear these stories that my sister would tell and I'd be like, I wonder who in my classes was having problems like that because I never noticed anything. And it's certainly not a case where, you know, it just didn't exist and then started cropping up, I'm sure there were plenty of kids that we're having the same kind of problems and I was just completely unaware of it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: just don't see you're not built, you're not attuned to it yet or that type of the world and as far as like when you're a kid I was surprised too is um like even like my first year teacher in like fifth grade class, you know the high school principal was over and I was talking about you know something or another, and there's some somebody from my school something and because I'm just staring at my class and I was like
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: what's what's
SPEAKER_R: sport.
SPEAKER_L: that, what you see? And he's like one out of every 20 kids in our district ends up being addicted to heroin. He's like just looking around the room, he's like, I wonder if I was just wondering who is going to be from here, You know? Like seeing it just the pure stats, the numbers of it and just looking around in a bunch of 10 year olds, like which one of these kids is going to be a heroin dream. But like there it is like that's the stats, it was like whoa man, that's
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: aspect, you know? Like you can't do anything but try to do the best you can. But that was the other thing too is like I got to do it because uh going to teach them because I just got sick of working for money, you know just working for the weekend or just didn't make didn't have any any sort of feeling to me. I was like start to hate the you know the job when I was doing everything and want to try to make some sort of different so so you get 180 days with a kid like full on it just in part as much as you can and like you know I wrote my mission statement always wanted to stay positive, stay on top of it and things like that. But then uh you know you just would see you know do as best you can and then you meet some of these parents and you'd just be like man, it's they go home and they just have to deal and it's like it goes right back to where do you fall like everything is white but there's just not allowed you could do. Um And just the idea of like a responsibility and cold billions. I would uh give detention some things like that. And I just remember when I was getting that stuff when I was a kid, like absolutely my parents, you know whatever the question or not like this is an adult that did something you know like I get I would has the right attention just knowing I'd have to write a defense dissertation. You know like my character and exactly like what happened because the parents would be doubting you and like coming at you you know it's like like I didn't get into this to hand out detention two kids you know? Come on man like give me a little, give me a little leeway here. But it's pretty, it's pretty tough man. It's just a different, different aspect of things now, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I see quite a bit, even just with my classmates and, you know, even in the Master's and doctoral programs, just people who have have somehow managed to get through 18 to 30 years without ever coming face to face with reality. And they were some of the most I met some nice folks, some nice guys that I we'll still go have a beer with every once in a while. But by and large, these guys or just in there and thinking that grades are going to be handed to them and that other people are going to do the work for them. And it's absolutely shocking to get because I mean, I grew up with a very regimented lifestyle. You know, everything was, this is what you're doing. I got paid for my grades because that's your, you need reform and then military academy and then time in the military and then jumped right into this work for a software company that does logistics and supply chain software out of California. And then I start these advanced degrees. And it's like my first exposure to the, the typical college student. And it was really a harsh awakening.
SPEAKER_L: It really is, isn't it? I mean, it's it's just a wild thing out there and that's like the future, man.
SPEAKER_R: Ray,
SPEAKER_L: I mean these people are going to write out there that people are voting
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: obviously they are like, look at what's happening. It's like crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that really shocks me a lot. A lot of the problems students are actually international students. Um for whatever reason India's, yeah, India sends all these wealthy kids of wealthy families to this for some reason. And they make it very clear, you know, I'm here to get a degree so that I can go home and claim that I have a degree from a western university and my father has already got a job lined up for me. So it doesn't matter. And it's just, I'd say probably 80%. It's actually shockingly high, 80% or more of the business students in the master's program were international students from India who had no intention of ever using their degree.
SPEAKER_L: Holy cow. Have you ever had to work in groups with any or if any of you to cheat or anything like that or?
SPEAKER_R: I mean they all, its almost universal. So they'll, almost all of my classes had group work. And in almost all of the classes, it would be one american student with two or three uh, international students. And universally in my groups, the international students would do no work and they will and the instructors would say, oh, that's fine. 11 actually threatened me, which
SPEAKER_L: No way.
SPEAKER_R: was great. Yeah. We got finally got through to the instructor. I finally, you know, it was like the day before the project was due and the guy was like, yeah, I didn't do anything and it's your fault because you didn't tell me what to do. And took it to the instructor, the instructor finally said, Ok, yeah, this is a um this
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: rigorous.
SPEAKER_R: beyond the pale. You can come to me and get a different assignment and just finished because I've already done all the work. So I text this guy, I'm like, all right, we're, you know, we're done. You're, you need to go and get your own assignment because you've done nothing on this one. And he starts demanding that I go to the instructor and get his assignment and deliver it to him.
SPEAKER_L: jeez.
SPEAKER_R: When I told him that I wasn't going to do that because we were done. He comes back with All right then. Well, you'd better beware for your safety
SPEAKER_L: What? My gosh man.
SPEAKER_R: and he still graduated. He was he was on academic probation. He needed an A in this class to graduate and the project was like 40% of the grade. He was getting fifties and sixties on the exams and you got an A in the class
SPEAKER_L: Unreal.
SPEAKER_R: mm. And the instructors have now that I'm in the PhD program, they've opened up a little bit more, but the at least here in texas, the University of texas system, they have GPA requirements for the classes and for the masters level it's 3.5, so the class gets a zoo and half of the class gets bees and that's it, no
SPEAKER_L: no way.
SPEAKER_R: matter what?
SPEAKER_L: My first degree was pierced from Illinois State University. And
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: was it then?
SPEAKER_L: telecommunications management specifically. But uh your science degree working with Cisco products routers, things like that. Uh not encoding and that was genuinely tough. I mean I remember being in the lab for 12 hours a day,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: you know, cranking panicking about tests and things and projects that word, you can have fun and like you know if I had to test it in the morning and wake up at four, try to get three extra hours of cramping and things like that. And then when I got my first masters was an elementary ed and going from that environment to want to place Saint Xavier up and down towards Chicago a little bit more and you know, it was like in a cohort. So once a night a week at work, you know, and so easy comparatively. I couldn't believe how easy it was. And then I got to get a second masters in science education. I did that one on buying and that one was just phoning it in. It was literally like you have to type on a message board for two times a week and this got me a degree, a Master's degree. How easy these things where they were just there's this hand in the mouth sometimes
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: It's like pay me enough money and we'll sign your degree.
SPEAKER_L: exactly right on you and you're like okay well thanks because I will pay you that you're like, but
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: it's just the amount of not like unless you really actively used to be, the classes used to be that I thought were so hard that you were forced to learn in order to pass classes. Now the classes are just may almost like sense of sense. Then the class is almost like maybe passable and easy and it's up to you to show your own initiative to really like take that next step
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and learn. I
SPEAKER_R: bad enough that it makes me worry about putting my degrees on my resume. Like Coast Guard Academy is one thing people look at that and they're like, okay, you got a good education there. But if anybody that's looking at my resume has been exposed to the people who are coming out of these school where I got the masters
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: problems,
SPEAKER_L: that was very,
SPEAKER_R: like they're, they're gonna know that I didn't learn a thing in the last few years.
SPEAKER_L: I'm completely, man, it's really, really unnerving in it.
SPEAKER_R: It really is. So hey, we're getting close to the end. What do you suppose they're, they're actually studying for here?
SPEAKER_L: I bet you this one is on like I'm certain that a decent amount of people that do this will struggle with interactions or you know, see how like beat some meters of rhythms or even like eye contact or like if people have been used to talking on screens or something along those lines, like some, I wouldn't be surprised if our emotions are emotions are responses are all coded and like, you know, have you heard of psychological coding or whatnot or anything like that where they code every single thing. Like this is like 13
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: or 14 for like two different shades of like greeting or happy things like that. Um I had a friend whose project was, they
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: had to
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: code all the presidential debates from like 2012, You know, something like that. I wouldn't be surprised. Maybe something like that because, I mean, I know they're recording it. What do
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: you think?
SPEAKER_R: wondering if it was maybe tied to the questions they asked right off the bat about your emotional state of mind and trying to see how people would interact if they're feeling calm, if they're feeling energetic, if they're generally positive, generally negative, seeing, seeing if they could make a link between the way that people are differences in the way that people interact based on how they're feeling.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think it follows up to with the, uh, that we have like maybe some questions that right afterwards.
SPEAKER_R: One minute of questions. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that should be pretty interesting as well, But yeah. Hey man,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: it was a pleasure talking to you. All right.
SPEAKER_R: too. I think we hit the 25 minute mark. Yeah, we're at 28. So I'll let you get going on the questions and I'll do the same.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Dude, good luck with your degree. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks, enjoy the, enjoy the teaching. And I'm glad there's folks out there teaching kids how to code.
SPEAKER_L: appreciate it man, stay well.