Hello,
are you?
There you go.
Good. I'm glad we were able to set up this survey. I tried to do it the first time around automatically and nobody was available. Yeah.
Oh yeah, it's great.
The first,
if you like this one, I'm pretty active on respondent as well.
Yeah, they do much higher paying surveys, although it's a little bit more difficult to get in. Um Most of the ones that I've done on their have paid anywhere from 1 to 300 um and it's you can apply to three surveys a day and it will let you um repeat that after 24 hour period has gone by.
respondent dot IO
so that one's been pretty uh pretty good.
I do this a lot with a lot of different companies.
Mhm. Oh I don't have a crowd tap.
absolutely.
I
paid for all of my christmas presents with amazon gift cards I've gotten over the last few months.
I
was
gonna think it looks like you're in a classroom.
A PS four camera on the wall to your left.
No the other direction.
Oh that's awesome.
The
reason.
that's
I wish I had the opportunity to code that young, I didn't get to do anything until I was in the high school so.
absolutely.
Yeah it's been years since I've seriously coded, I'm in a PhD program now and I'm getting into python and r and it's just completely different from the programming I did in high school and college and
and
management sciences with a focus on operations management, I just started it last fall and uh working class starts up again in a couple of weeks so um keeps me pretty busy. Yeah.
I'm not sure yet. I think I wanna, they push really hard for everybody to stay in academia that go and go and teach
another.
But I really enjoy being an industry and I think probably at least make an effort to get a job with one of the big tech companies or something if I can. I still haven't even figured out what I'm gonna do my dissertation on. So open to find something that'll grab my interest for the next 4.5 years.
Yeah. I'm looking at uh some of the stuff I did this last semester was looking at sort of the impact that regulations and other government impacts have on businesses and trying to sort of more explicitly analyze whether or not a business should actually be supportive of regulation or not. It's not.
Yeah, most of the literature basically says all regulation is good period and there's never any, any sort of, you know, this is why or this is what we studied. It's just, we're assuming there's no negative impact of regulation.
you would think. But the guys, there's, there's a fairly expansive school of thought called resource dependence theory and the authors have been writing about it for 30 40 years and just about everybody that is writing papers today references resource dependence theory and read all the books that these guys have published and every single one of them when they get to regulation, it's, it's a positive, there's no downside the regulation and all the papers just repeat that as a given. So looking at these things can cost a company trillions of dollars in compliance in changing the way that they do things. And I'm curious if it can be proven that there are some regulations that sort of have a restrictive effect on industry.
No,
that's,
So how long have you been teaching?
Happy birthday.
that's cool.
this
is
whereabouts
are you, if you don't mind? Just general.
Actually travel up to Chicago for work on an occasional basis, Probably one or two trips to europe there.
Yeah, I was uh, I went to the Coast Guard Academy for my undergraduate and got to present a paper in a little town that was probably about 30 minutes, almost dead west of Chicago. You remember the name of it? But it was absolutely gorgeous. I mean, the, we were up there in fall, it was um, it was, you know, the leaves were in full, full color and it was just an absolute, it was amazing how quickly it shifted from Chicago to feeling like you're sort of out in the countryside. Yeah,
All
I
got the
same
thing,
like I live just north of Fort Worth and whenever anybody asks where I'm from and I say Fort Worth, they always go, oh, is that near Dallas? What more? But it's, it stands on its own,
we
didn't have
this,
yeah, that's I think that's probably only 40 50 minutes from me. Uh
we know the definition of sprawl down here too, I mean the DFW Metroplex is the size of
What?
I think
it
was personal
before
You got kids of your own or
I
hear that
we've
got I'm not married, but my girlfriend uh we've been together for about just shy of six years now and we've
got two dogs and three cats, so
keep just pretty busy.
Does her kid go to your school or?
Air
I always thought it was strange growing up when I'd run into my instructors out out in the wild.
My sister was actually 1/5 grade teacher for a while and then she got she got married and had kids and stopped working. Um But she had some, I'm originally from Washington State, then we lived in a really nice area, but she had some absolutely awful Children and Children with these horrible home lives. Like some kid that was in her class, like his father was on death row and you know, there were others that just obviously had abusive homes and so and they were acting out in class and nobody ever did anything. It was shocking to me that there was that much um there are so many problems like you almost have to be a social worker in addition to being a teacher.
Great.
That's good
stuff.
do you
think?
They
shouldn't
be defined.
The
President
of the conference?
Well,
well, I would hear these stories that my sister would tell and I'd be like, I wonder who in my classes was having problems like that because I never noticed anything. And it's certainly not a case where, you know, it just didn't exist and then started cropping up, I'm sure there were plenty of kids that we're having the same kind of problems and I was just completely unaware of it. Mhm.
It's
sport.
All right.
Yeah, I see quite a bit, even just with my classmates and, you know, even in the Master's and doctoral programs, just people who have have somehow managed to get through 18 to 30 years without ever coming face to face with reality. And they were some of the most I met some nice folks, some nice guys that I we'll still go have a beer with every once in a while. But by and large, these guys or just in there and thinking that grades are going to be handed to them and that other people are going to do the work for them. And it's absolutely shocking to get because I mean, I grew up with a very regimented lifestyle. You know, everything was, this is what you're doing. I got paid for my grades because that's your, you need reform and then military academy and then time in the military and then jumped right into this work for a software company that does logistics and supply chain software out of California. And then I start these advanced degrees. And it's like my first exposure to the, the typical college student. And it was really a harsh awakening.
Ray,
I
know.
that really shocks me a lot. A lot of the problems students are actually international students. Um for whatever reason India's, yeah, India sends all these wealthy kids of wealthy families to this for some reason. And they make it very clear, you know, I'm here to get a degree so that I can go home and claim that I have a degree from a western university and my father has already got a job lined up for me. So it doesn't matter. And it's just, I'd say probably 80%. It's actually shockingly high, 80% or more of the business students in the master's program were international students from India who had no intention of ever using their degree.
I mean they all, its almost universal. So they'll, almost all of my classes had group work. And in almost all of the classes, it would be one american student with two or three uh, international students. And universally in my groups, the international students would do no work and they will and the instructors would say, oh, that's fine. 11 actually threatened me, which
was great. Yeah. We got finally got through to the instructor. I finally, you know, it was like the day before the project was due and the guy was like, yeah, I didn't do anything and it's your fault because you didn't tell me what to do. And took it to the instructor, the instructor finally said, Ok, yeah, this is a um this
is
beyond the pale. You can come to me and get a different assignment and just finished because I've already done all the work. So I text this guy, I'm like, all right, we're, you know, we're done. You're, you need to go and get your own assignment because you've done nothing on this one. And he starts demanding that I go to the instructor and get his assignment and deliver it to him.
When I told him that I wasn't going to do that because we were done. He comes back with All right then. Well, you'd better beware for your safety
and he still graduated. He was he was on academic probation. He needed an A in this class to graduate and the project was like 40% of the grade. He was getting fifties and sixties on the exams and you got an A in the class
mm. And the instructors have now that I'm in the PhD program, they've opened up a little bit more, but the at least here in texas, the University of texas system, they have GPA requirements for the classes and for the masters level it's 3.5, so the class gets a zoo and half of the class gets bees and that's it, no
matter what?
What
was it then?
Uh huh.
I know.
It's like pay me enough money and we'll sign your degree.
If
It's
bad enough that it makes me worry about putting my degrees on my resume. Like Coast Guard Academy is one thing people look at that and they're like, okay, you got a good education there. But if anybody that's looking at my resume has been exposed to the people who are coming out of these school where I got the masters
problems,
like they're, they're gonna know that I didn't learn a thing in the last few years.
It really is. So hey, we're getting close to the end. What do you suppose they're, they're actually studying for here?
No.
Thank
you.
I was
wondering if it was maybe tied to the questions they asked right off the bat about your emotional state of mind and trying to see how people would interact if they're feeling calm, if they're feeling energetic, if they're generally positive, generally negative, seeing, seeing if they could make a link between the way that people are differences in the way that people interact based on how they're feeling.
One minute of questions. Yeah. Mhm.
You
too. I think we hit the 25 minute mark. Yeah, we're at 28. So I'll let you get going on the questions and I'll do the same.
Thanks, enjoy the, enjoy the teaching. And I'm glad there's folks out there teaching kids how to code.