Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hello?
Good. I cannot see anything on my screen. I could just just look black here. I don't know if that matters.
There you go, buddy. How you doing?
I love this prolific service thing. I uh this year I started kind of looking for some downtime at work or minutes in between like whatever.
Yeah, man, it isn't
just raking in. It's not bad at all. Not bad at all.
Is that one? Pretty cool.
Shooting an email to myself right now about it. That's awesome.
Perfect.
What?
Yeah, I built a spreadsheet um just trying to get a little bit ahead this year, so uh I do like crowd tap has been a pretty good one for me.
Yeah. Check out crowd tap, and it's great because it uh it gives you, you know, it does like points, but it's got from your IOS device as well, and or you know, whatever device as well. It's all really quick, easy, simple questions. I cash out about once a week at its five bucks for amazon gift card. But I mean five bucks a week for you know answering
like you think of this new packaging when you're, I can't whatever is not bad, not bad at all, you
know?
Yeah. Perfect man. Perfect. Yeah I've been keeping traps in september and probably like 10 different size or something like that. I think about over 600 bucks already. It's like not bad man serious. Just that little extra to try to get over bob my teacher. So I would like just
been
carrying,
yep yep yep, staying after using the company equipment here, you know how it is?
No that was actually um
oh let's see here. Uh No uh it's a technology teacher. Oh this is a program bits box that I want to grant for and paid for. Um that teaches like real, basic kind of coding but in a unique way. That's that's not a lot of other companies have done yet.
And I do that actually next week, a whole second semester of the school for the fifth grade students. I do a computer science club, it starts next week, I got 20
kids
that signed up for it, so it's always just doing kind of in putting their names on the roster, looking
out and things like that.
that's kind of how I was too, and I went off to college off it. Not necessarily enjoy it, but like I had a couple of class in high school that started up, it was like all right, it's pretty easy, you know, and just carry on through. But I mean it's just grown even more with modern day, it's everything, every aspect of life
is a electronic, you know? Crazy
yep. See and things like that. Uh what's your
what's your PhD programming?
What are you hoping to do with it man?
create new
knowledge and share it. Yeah.
Flat versus organic organizations, things like that.
here to it.
Oh no shit, I'm very surprised at that, I figured that would be um pretty strong camps on both sides that are pumping out books, you know?
Shit
man. If you could figure out how to even, I mean even just gingerly market yourself to certain camps with that idea, people are gonna throw buddy at you because
that's what they're waiting for the paper to quote a document, court cases, you know? Of academia. Shit man, that's that's a pretty pretty good way to go about it.
This is my eighth year uh started when I was 38. Actually yesterday was my 39th birthday.
Um Thanks man, appreciate it. Um My eight years a full time teacher switched over into it. Um fifth grade straight up for four years and then our district was building a new building and kind of in a little bit of a transition. So they were looking at some rolls and they were taking there was a full time website management person and it was very really obvious to everyone that this person was not a full time necessary employee. So they and then they had an assistant principal teaching computers as a special, so they decided to kind of try to merge those two into one job and uh kind of did so with the idea of me and mine like they knew I had a computer history background, my degrees and things like that And um also from my working in white collar sector, I was a data manager for a while, The rate data manager for this company, the hub group for a while. Um So they kind of built this position kind of with me in mind here and they could combine two jobs into one. So
pretty nice pet to have, but it's also pretty nice good security for me. So the website is SharePoint 2010 and I, you know, I've got it mastered and it's like you throw a dart in the ground. 100 miles are probably the best school website, you know. Um But then they teach K through five computers. So it's like pretty british, you know, like kindergartners learn how to use the mouse and open up windows and they did that for the first time and then fourth grade really diving into like typing and just, you know, the basic shit that you need the news, but like that not district
just
don't have. So it's kind of nice for me because I mean that was pretty cake to, I mean any any less. Especially compared to what I used to do
in fifth grade.
Oh, I'm Illinois. Just probably about uh 40 miles south Chicago ish, you know?
I bet you probably passed right tom the right go right past the time that I teach and I bet so
northern, the northern burbs and western burbs are like that. The southern ones here you get the sprawl. So there's a big giant national park that day win, which kind of like serves as like a proper, but the rest is just gone out. It's funny to joke around here with the Chicago Landers. Midwesterners like, you know, you go to japan be like where you from? Your like I'm from Chicago, but really like you're from naperville, you know? But you just say Chicago even though it's like not even really that close kind of a big down in itself,
you know? Um
But
it's
like everyone
from Chicago here and then the people that are actually from Chicago get pissed off that everyone else says they're from Chicago, you know, it's one of those nice little battles.
Yeah. 110%. Under 10%.
I
grew
up for a couple years in Lewisville. I actually wrote over by there.
nice.
yeah. Oh yeah man, it just grows and grows and grows, it doesn't stop. Um That's cool man. Yeah, I've been to um you know, I kind of switched careers for me every four or five years, I've been doing something totally different and this kind of has rolled into that, except this is my fourth year teaching computers and technology and you know, this job, but I think I've done, you know, I am like I get good enough at something where I kind of just instead of working on my weaknesses, I just rest on my strength, you know, and I get a little bored, I need to do something else. But I think I haven't accrued enough debt where,
because I got, I got two master's degrees as well, you know, to get uh so I think I've accrued enough dead in the house and all that shit where it's like once it gets, you know, now, if I get a little bored, it's like, all right, well try to try to do something exciting at
home,
man.
Just kind
of sit tight because you got yourself a pretty good, pretty good thing going on here now.
No, I'm not into that. I'm not very optimistic about the future in general.
So living fully
he hedonistic lifestyle, you know, as much
as possible. Yeah.
Congrats.
There you go.
Yeah, that's the way my girlfriend a little over two years and she's got a 10 year old. It's like the one thing I like I said never wanted kids never want to be involved, but you know, she ended up hooking it so we'll we'll see how that all turns out. But it's uh no, not not trying to do anything for as far as that ankle is definitely not.
No, she doesn't. I live outside of town. Um I live probably about a half hour away. Um Don't shit where you eat type of thing, you know? It's kind of it's
kind of nice. Yeah, it's like uh you know, you don't want to be going grocery stores hungover in the morning or something like that and have some kid like, you know, I was like oh god uh
oh it's funny even like, you know, I'll step in the bathroom real quick, you know, take a leak and everyone's like, oh my God, Mr when you go to the bathroom, it's like these little kids, they like can't believe that you're actually like actually does things like whoa, you know, it's in the bathroom, you know, just like anybody else. It's like, yep. There it is.
The they're
not having kids thing has been always, you know, part of my thing, but I figure, you know, if there's a right girl, she could probably
make me,
you know, put winter or something like that. But just being,
being
a teacher like you really just have to stare right down America's butthole man because you see it all and it's one of those things like just change
your
mind, you know you mean
you need a license to drive to have fish and certain links or like hunt things like that, anybody
could
have kids
and as many as they want
and it's like oh you just see it there, it's like jesus christ like really some of these people should just be snipped up man, it's not a good thing
just don't see you're not built, you're not attuned to it yet or that type of the world and as far as like when you're a kid I was surprised too is um like even like my first year teacher in like fifth grade class, you know the high school principal was over and I was talking about you know something or another, and there's some somebody from my school something and because I'm just staring at my class and I was like
what's what's
that, what you see? And he's like one out of every 20 kids in our district ends up being addicted to heroin. He's like just looking around the room, he's like, I wonder if I was just wondering who is going to be from here, You know? Like seeing it just the pure stats, the numbers of it and just looking around in a bunch of 10 year olds, like which one of these kids is going to be a heroin dream. But like there it is like that's the stats, it was like whoa man, that's
aspect, you know? Like you can't do anything but try to do the best you can. But that was the other thing too is like I got to do it because uh going to teach them because I just got sick of working for money, you know just working for the weekend or just didn't make didn't have any any sort of feeling to me. I was like start to hate the you know the job when I was doing everything and want to try to make some sort of different so so you get 180 days with a kid like full on it just in part as much as you can and like you know I wrote my mission statement always wanted to stay positive, stay on top of it and things like that. But then uh you know you just would see you know do as best you can and then you meet some of these parents and you'd just be like man, it's they go home and they just have to deal and it's like it goes right back to where do you fall like everything is white but there's just not allowed you could do. Um And just the idea of like a responsibility and cold billions. I would uh give detention some things like that. And I just remember when I was getting that stuff when I was a kid, like absolutely my parents, you know whatever the question or not like this is an adult that did something you know like I get I would has the right attention just knowing I'd have to write a defense dissertation. You know like my character and exactly like what happened because the parents would be doubting you and like coming at you you know it's like like I didn't get into this to hand out detention two kids you know? Come on man like give me a little, give me a little leeway here. But it's pretty, it's pretty tough man. It's just a different, different aspect of things now, you know?
It really is, isn't it? I mean, it's it's just a wild thing out there and that's like the future, man.
I mean these people are going to write out there that people are voting
like
obviously they are like, look at what's happening. It's like crazy.
Holy cow. Have you ever had to work in groups with any or if any of you to cheat or anything like that or?
No way.
pretty
rigorous.
jeez.
What? My gosh man.
Unreal.
no way.
My first degree was pierced from Illinois State University. And
that was
telecommunications management specifically. But uh your science degree working with Cisco products routers, things like that. Uh not encoding and that was genuinely tough. I mean I remember being in the lab for 12 hours a day,
you know, cranking panicking about tests and things and projects that word, you can have fun and like you know if I had to test it in the morning and wake up at four, try to get three extra hours of cramping and things like that. And then when I got my first masters was an elementary ed and going from that environment to want to place Saint Xavier up and down towards Chicago a little bit more and you know, it was like in a cohort. So once a night a week at work, you know, and so easy comparatively. I couldn't believe how easy it was. And then I got to get a second masters in science education. I did that one on buying and that one was just phoning it in. It was literally like you have to type on a message board for two times a week and this got me a degree, a Master's degree. How easy these things where they were just there's this hand in the mouth sometimes
now
exactly right on you and you're like okay well thanks because I will pay you that you're like, but
it's just the amount of not like unless you really actively used to be, the classes used to be that I thought were so hard that you were forced to learn in order to pass classes. Now the classes are just may almost like sense of sense. Then the class is almost like maybe passable and easy and it's up to you to show your own initiative to really like take that next step
and learn. I
Well
that was very,
I'm completely, man, it's really, really unnerving in it.
I bet you this one is on like I'm certain that a decent amount of people that do this will struggle with interactions or you know, see how like beat some meters of rhythms or even like eye contact or like if people have been used to talking on screens or something along those lines, like some, I wouldn't be surprised if our emotions are emotions are responses are all coded and like, you know, have you heard of psychological coding or whatnot or anything like that where they code every single thing. Like this is like 13
or 14 for like two different shades of like greeting or happy things like that. Um I had a friend whose project was, they
had to
code all the presidential debates from like 2012, You know, something like that. I wouldn't be surprised. Maybe something like that because, I mean, I know they're recording it. What do
you think?
Well, I think it follows up to with the, uh, that we have like maybe some questions that right afterwards.
that should be pretty interesting as well, But yeah. Hey man,
it was a pleasure talking to you. All right.
Yeah, absolutely. Dude, good luck with your degree. Okay,
appreciate it man, stay well.