Hi.
yeah.
Hey, my name is Trey. Nice, me and you?
It's Aquinas, right? Yeah, I have no idea. I want to talk about for 25
minutes.
So, um, I'm from boston massachusetts. Where are you from?
boys
or a cell phone?
Yeah. Well I didn't live in boston, live like on the outskirts of boston um, Most young, but I moved here for college and just stay after. Yeah.
Yeah, pretty much. Uh,
Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard living alone in a big city. Uh yeah, like,
yes, it's hard. Do you get out there and see people, I guess?
Two.
Um,
so I guess to tell me about your kids. Um Mhm.
Yes, that's perfect. It's like two is the first number is what my parents did to have a younger sister. Um, Yeah, she's since 19, so she's three years younger than I am. It's in college right now. Yeah, that's pretty much it.
me.
that's definitely like really hard, like see someone when you grow up with just like and just go like more distant to them because of circumstances um
Hello?
Well,
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, as long as you have like people were super close to who feel like family is great. Yeah.
I
can't live down in like eastern massachusetts, so it's a bit far away because because like I like to drive over there is like an hour to hour drives. Um Yeah, I see them like ones like every other weekend strive over there.
Good.
Well
what type of classes uh this was he taking?
Yeah, it's a good career choice. Like every company needs an accountant so and pretty much work anywhere.
huh.
What
do
you
do?
I wouldn't. We have been with those?
No,
I'm 22.
Yeah. Yeah, I know it's kind of like my parents are really strict, like super strict, so.
my friends set core field and everything, so Yes, to single 22. So yes,
I
know
you're having kids, it's really hard. So my boss just have a baby and like every time I see him he's just like so sleep deprived, he's just like, oh my kid woke me up at four AM and I think it's definitely hard. Like I I can't even like wake up at like eight in the morning
so
I know,
you know it's just so hard. Yeah. Yeah,
I just
I was
just
That's awesome.
how?
Yeah that's rough. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what my mom did. I heard from my mom and I was also kind of like a picky kid to like I think it was more my problem was more like eating like wouldn't eat anything. It was so hard to feed me. Yeah but kids lots of worry.
Yeah. Let me take a look at this. Check the email again. Okay so there is a timer when you click
on
yeah when you click on the so the tablets A. X. M. So there's a time around that. So that's the one you click right before you click onto this video chat.
No.
The side
home.
Yeah. Yeah. So you know like middle of last year I was just like it's just kind of boring just like well I was like oh, I want to like to make some extra money just like at night maybe like do a survey while I'm eating. It's better than like, you know, like checking facebook because I feel like I'm, I like don't do a lot of things. Um So if I have any time I was just trying to spend it on social media and kind of like a few sacks when I look at a lot of people are and they're like perfect life and stuff like that. So I figure like probably do with my time something better. All right.
Yeah, that's the, yeah, the size
well.
I know you're taking care of kids. It's a full time job almost. Yeah.
it's true.
Yeah, It seems like a lot of work um like
before
she
didn't
license.
Mhm.
Yeah. I feel like focus on school and it's a good thing also. Um Yeah,
that's awesome.
all
Yeah, it's a process like even, I feel like even I like took college. I thought I want to like study that fuel and then working. It was like, it's hard to find, I guess like the thing you feel super excited about, but for your daughter's like, yeah, I feel like when I'm at that age also like don't have a lot of ambition to do things definitely need a little bit pushing from my pants. But if she is like a really great artists, like a fried career for sure going to like design like, oh, like the other type things,
you know?
I know.
That's awesome.
Well
that's
pretty
No.
Past two
people.
Yeah that's that's that's definitely it's like cool cool path. Um And and like
she's been doing it for so long. I feel like I feel like like it's gonna be like easier for her like moving forward if she's super interested in it and she also had good grades so it's like a lot of you know you're like maybe like even architecture if she's more into kind of like technical thing like that.
Sugar
what
I think yeah I think I would definitely do kind of like have worries about like you know like artists not making a lot of money by but like there are like a lot of kind of like art fields we can go into, you can make a lot of money especially like you do. Like
it's kind of like graphic design, like graphics I love is just drawing. Also like companies like every companies want to create like an image and create like a brand. If you go into that finished a lot of money because Yeah.
If
she's
still
occurring.
that's true.
All
Well if you start this would be a lot. Okay. But yeah, I think I think it's one part of it. But yeah, like if she liked drawing like figures and characters, like that's definitely something she can go into just designing like the concept of video games character. Does she play like video in Tehran? Mm
That's good.
that's
true.
So I went to school for Mechanical Engineering. Yeah. I love like building stuff working with my hands when I went to that field. Yeah. It's deciding. Yeah. It's it's also been like a little bit hard since I graduate. Um Because it's um because like a lot of like the building jobs I working like a machine shop just like with like like machines. So like the old stuff um It's like a little bit hard physically, like just feeling just like a jealous after work. So I'm also like it's looking around see if there's all that stuff I want to do. Yeah.
You know?
No,
you know.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Also like because technology is evolving so like a lot of like the own part people are just like manufacturing, manufacture them in different ways now. Um It was cattle. I used to shop. Yeah, it's definitely rough. Um
So what does your husband do?
You
know?
So
that's rough. Yeah.
No I
want to spend hours less. Need to use the health insert and say yes. Yeah. It's like spending time with family is it's great. Yeah. I remember when I was throwing my dad also like spent of time working weekends and then I think like when I was in high school like he stopped doing that and just just feel like much better. I feel like much closer to him like relationship lies. So yeah.
I know.
Yeah. Yeah. I wish I could spend more time with my family. Um Or just get like a little bit too busy sometimes until they live only like a like a medium drive away. So it's nice. I can always see them.
Yeah I didn't come out here sometimes two and squeeze, just take the time and go to boston, just like eat or like shop, just like pretty fun. It's just like a normal family outing. Um Super nice. Yeah, because back when we live it's just like nothing out there, it's kind of like kind of like a rural area in the massachusetts. Yeah, I've never been to like Indianapolis before. Is it like more of like an urban area? It was more like suburban.
Uh it must
have
been
curl
no, Yeah, it's kind of like getting stuck in a traffic jam and you can't move near off so so you have like kind of like a lot of, I guess like art or decoration right behind you.
walk on.
So
like
it's like coca cola bottles or
Wait, actually I kind of go on google to see what that looks like
been coming
on.
Oh, that's nice. Pretty pretty actually,
No.
No.
How
long have you been collecting them? How long have you been collecting them?
And
I really, I also have, I mean I have a lot of clothing that I don't wear that much. It's just kind of collecting them. Um but yeah, like I think everyone has that one thing we just love to collect uh like my mom realized purses, but like she don't even buy like expensive one. She spiked up like knock off one, but she has like so many of those, like she can't even use up over them. Yes, it's interesting. Uh huh Yeah, So my computer is about to die and I'm just going to go get the
charger.
Yeah, I think so. Okay.
Okay. It was nice talking to you. I really enjoy.
It's me. You,
You too.