Yeah, yeah. Yeah, mm. Good. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay.
Hi. Oh
yeah.
Hi, I'm Candace.
correct.
Uh where are you from?
Uh Indianapolis indiana. Pretty
much lived here my whole life except for a couple of years in texas when I was a kid.
that's about it. Have you always lived there?
So you just single and living by yourself or
I never did that went straight from living at home to get married, having a kid and then now I'm on my second marriage. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm I'm kind of a shy type myself, so
I it takes me a little bit to get used to people and open up. I was that way in high school too. Okay.
Mhm.
my son is out of the house, he's 24 And my daughter 17. No little ones. I'm done. I got one girl, one boy. I'm good.
I have an older sister. Um I don't really see her that much, kind of um she kind of hangs out with a bad crowd I guess would be the best way to put it and I just I don't feel comfortable hanging around her because of that. I
mean you're talking like drug addicts and bad and people, so yeah, I don't get involved.
Yeah, she left home, She was like 16, He got married at 16, my dad had this thing for it and everything and because my dad wasn't really her dad, he was actually her step dad because my mom was married once before. But yeah, she took off when she was 16 and never looked back. And that put me at only about six years old because we're 10 years apart, so I
never really got to hang out with their much. I have a half brother actually, two half brothers and half sister, but I don't see them, I was never really, I saw him like handful times growing up was never really or anything. Yeah, well my cousins, more like my sister than my actual sister. I
spent a lot of time with my aunt when I was a kid and and her pretty much grew up together, so we're pretty close.
Do your parents live where you live, or are they in a different
thing?
Yeah, my son moved to bloomington, his girlfriend goes to you uh college over there, so that's where he's living at and they're probably going to be moving in together here soon because right now he lives in a house full of guys, so he's not really in actual college yet, he was doing online classes. Um but I don't know when he's supposed to do actual college, he's this is like his third time trying, so we'll see
if he
actually does at this time.
He wants to be an accountant. Um I thought that was kind of funny because that's what I used to do. Um I worked for the state. He's always loved. Numbers was always a whiz at math, so I guess it makes sense for him to want to do that, but that's still what he wants to do. I believe. I don't think he's changed his mind, but I'm not really sure what courses he was planning on taking.
He was working for an insurance place, but he was like on the phone all day and he got bored with it. So now I think he's working at first time. Yeah.
Don't
know if
you
have
any of those where you're at or not, It's like
kind of health food store type thing. Yeah. So I take it you don't have kids yet? I hope
not,
you know? Well unfortunately I was 18 when I got pregnant 19 when I had him, but I was out of high school, I was thankful for that.
My dad was very direct, yeah, I wasn't allowed to do anything hardly. Uh like I went to prom and I'm surprised you let me do that, but like the party that they do after prom, I wasn't allowed to go to that. Mhm.
Yeah. Have fun while you can. You
don't want to
grow up too soon? I grew up too soon.
I know,
I hate mornings. I've
never been a morning person. Never.
But
my
son,
He slept through the night pretty much from day one, but
my daughter was a preemie, she was born about six weeks early. Uh She woke about every three hours on the dot, so
yeah, I didn't get a whole lot of sleep when she was a baby.
Um They said something about a timer or something but I don't see a timer to you,
that's
just not on the screen.
Uh huh. Okay. I see. That's it. I'm not trying to rush you off here or anything, I
just want to make sure the whole time in there. So how long have you been a member of the site?
Is it prolific?
Is that who you're doing it through?
Yeah. I started um doing surveys Probably back in 2006 after I lost my job. And I've been doing it ever since. I mean it honestly doesn't really pay bills, but it does help me with groceries and gas and like if I want to go get me something to eat or whatever, just little things like that, my husband works a full time job and I'm able to stay at home, so that's kind of nice. If I had to go back to work, it would be a big adjustment. Yeah,
I've been at home. My daughter was Mm she was four when I started
staying home, so I've been home a long time.
Yeah, she's old enough now though. She really ought to when I was, Let's see when I was 16, I had a job and she still doesn't have a job. My dad made it mandatory for me to have a job when I hit 16. Uh but she doesn't have a license yet, so of course she doesn't have a car yet, so it's kind of hard to have a job when you don't have
to get back. I mean, I would take her depending on where she decided to work at, but you just don't seem interested in it at all,
especially
while
she's
still
in school. Yeah.
Because when I was in school I used to get stuck working clothes. I worked at Mcdonald's and a lot of times you want me to stay really late and it would make it rough to get up for school the next day. So kind of see where that would cause a problem.
she gets pretty good grades.
She's a really good artist. Like she can draw anything and I'm trying to get her to talk to the cottage counselors at school so she can go through an art program or college or whatever and she just does not have the ambition to talk to them and get something going with it. So I think I might have to make her do it just so that's something going because she's already a junior. You know she really needs to start thinking about that. Um My son was going to go into the Navy. Um Well actually the Air Force, I'm sorry my husband was in the Navy um but he was gonna go to the Air Force, he had it all lined up and he got some trouble with a friend and
it kind of messed that up so he's kind of just been hanging out since then and you know he moved out and I mean he's had jobs but he hasn't really found the thing that he wants to do yet. So
what I told her she might
want to try a graphic design to um I mean she has been a drawer ever since she was little and she just keeps getting better and better and better. She'll look at something and just draw it right off the bat, just like it looks on the paper and I'm like I can't even draw barely draw stick figures,
but let's draw stuff like that. But
yeah, she's good, she even drew a face on an egg one time for easter um
Do you
know what,
you know what five nights at Freddy's is, have you ever
heard of it Freddie? Uh There was foxy actually, she drew foxy on an egg, she did a
job
on it too. Uh huh.
But
I don't know what she's when she was littler, she wanted to be a veterinarian, she loved animals, I mean she's even saved bugs out of spider webs, you know, so I didn't get open um But yeah, she kind of seems like she's kind of veering away from the art school thing and I don't know if it's just because she don't think she'll make any money doing it.
I don't know
But I mean that's what she's always loved to do, I wish she'd just kind of learned to follow her passion on that one
but then
ought to think about like I don't know what they call it but you know designing like video game characters and stuff, she would be really good if she could get into that. She
makes
her
own
characters and she draws like these versions of mickey mouse and stuff. That's uh it's different, it makes it look like mickey mouse's fuzzy you know and like she'll draw all these really freaky things, she loves drawing scary things and really draw some weird stuff sometimes that would probably fit right in with the video game. So
that's if she could get into that is that part
of graphic design? I don't know.
she usually plays like the platform games like Mario and I think that one's called Luigi's Mansion, She likes playing
that one. She just got the switch for christmas. So he's been playing some of that stuff on there. But we had a PS three, it was kind of outdated when my son lived here, we had all the video game systems, but he
left,
he took them all with him. So uh where are you going to school for? Wow.
Yeah, my grandpa had a machine shop and he was
building like specialty parts for car companies.
Um but as time went on, you know, most of them having their own personal people they go to for that stuff, so
they kind of do different things there now after he passed, my uncle took over and then my uncle passed back in March. So now pretty much my cousin's husband friends pretty much so. And then her brother works there also, but at one point all of the siblings have worked at the shop at some point on my mom's side. But it's it's called Denver's Machine Shop because that was my grandma's name. Yeah but it's still going so far, I don't think that gives much business as they used to though. Okay.
Oh
um he's an electrician. Uh The job he's out now though he kind of gets uh does more like maintenance type stuff, he's uh he's actually attempt but he's working as a contractor basically at lily's. So yeah that's he hasn't been at that place but maybe a couple of years now, he likes a lot better because his old job, he was on a call a lot and he would get
stuck
going in on the weekends and stuff and he got tired of that so and they weren't paying him enough and all that good stuff. But unfortunately when he switched jobs his insurance went,
we had awesome insurance and then it went to, this doesn't cover anything high deductible all that. Yeah,
but as long as he's happier I guess that's all that counts. He's not stressed out constantly now. So
better.
my dad was a construction worker. He pretty much did that from his 10 years all all into before he passed actually he hadn't retired yet because he was only 62 when he passed. Oh yeah, my my mom always worked in the warehouse. I'm short at Target warehouse for years and before that she worked at a a book company basically. I think it was called Howard Sims and they went out of business and then she got this job at Target warehouse. But she's been retired for a while now, so It's 72 now. Uh huh. But yeah, I mean not working, it's kind of nice. My mom lives like five minutes down the street so I can hang out with her during the day if I want to or we go eat or go shopping, gets her around the house and
it's kind of nice to be able to spend more time with her that way.
Do they ever come where you're at?
Suburban. Yeah. The big things, the race here. Them, I've lived here my entire life and I into carbon Day maybe once. I've never been to the actual race. I just I don't get into all that stuff. Mhm. Um But I know a lot of people that do, there's a lot of people think it's a big deal and people come from all over to go to it, but that's pretty much what we're known for, I think is the Indy car races and all that stuff. And I lived not too far from one of the tracks. So when the brickyard and stuff is going on, I hear it crazy
where
the
cars like, Yeah. And where I used to live was very close to it and they would actually block our road off so we couldn't get two compartments when the race was going on. And at one time I asked the cop, I was like, I just live down there, can you let me through? He said, sure, go ahead. I'm like, oh thank God, is
this irritating when you're just trying to get right there? You know where your apartments
It's probably mostly my unicorns back there. I collect
a lot of unicorns, butterflies, um coca cola stuff. I
collect a lot
of things. I probably don't mean, but
or the little uh bears. And I think the last thing I got was a barbie. That's a coca cola burbey. She's got like a little waitress outfit on and she's holding coke on a tray. And yeah, my aunt got me a barbie last year. That's actually a unicorn barbie. She actually has a horn, like coming down the middle of her head. Yeah,
it
was
on amazon, if that helps. Okay.
The only thing that sucks is the box she came in. You can't really put her on display without the per box. So I haven't really took her out. I have some barbies right over there. It's uh you know, and Gwen stefani had her Harajuku girls in her band. Do you remember that? You know
if you remember that? Uh I've got the barbies of them and I went and saw Gwen stefani in concert once and I got a barbie of her at the concert.
So it's just lost. I have so many barbie's my
closet.
Uh Well, most of the ones I played with when I was a kid, I think I gave them to my cousin. Um I didn't think I was going to have any more kids. I thought my son would be it. So I didn't really hang on to him. But since then I've bought some that reminded me of my childhood like peaches and cream barbie and I think one was loving you barbie or something like that. I have a whole bunch of them that are the same dolls I had when I was a kid new in the box or whatever or used. Most of them came off Ebay or facebook. The marketplace
thing on facebook. Yeah, I have way too much stuff. My husband says I don't need any more.
I
think we hit our, it says 29 minutes. Does that mean we've been talking 29 minutes?
I guess we hit our time. Then
you too nice feeding you.
Take care
my