Hi.
we go through and at the right time are you? Uh huh.
Okay, that's cool. What kind of bull
Hope?
Okay. Well that's cool. What kind of video games to play?
Oh my gosh, I wish I could play that. My brother has it actually, but I don't live with him, so Yeah,
same, same. Yeah, I think I had the first one on the Gamecube. Uh I don't know
if that was but one of the first ones on the Gamecube.
Some
groups.
What?
Yeah,
I love that was my first like console
and it's just like, like the controller is still like easy to use compared to the newer ones. I just love it.
it's news.
I think I got it from Mario Kart as well because I'm really bad with the wii remote on Mario Kart. Um I think he was just a lot easier.
But yeah, Animal Crossing
was always my favorite game.
What's
the big day?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Yeah,
I
heard she should like try to get it in a book or something.
That's interesting.
yeah.
Um well I'm a student, so I'm working part time and I have cost of starting um in a few weeks, so just getting ready
for that. But yeah, not much. I'll see.
Yes, I have one lab that's in person like once a week. Um but the restaurant.
I know. Well, yeah, I'm in grad school, so um
our classes are basically in one building, so I assume I won't have to like, You know, be going around a lot of people and our class is going to be like 15 people. So yeah, I'm not too concerned. But it is definitely weird because usually like
the campus is so packed, so yeah,
but
I'm doing public health. Yeah.
okay, so are you, are you in school now? Are you you finish school?
was
Yeah, that's cool. I think a lot of times people who think education, I don't know, I mean, I feel like in our society education is always like meant to be to like put me forward, but I feel like using education to and better yourself is like a great way to use it even if you're not like
in your real life.
First
of
all,
no, I mean, yeah, we definitely do. I think like for me um like I knew that for example, an undergrad, I took women, a lot of women's studies classes and um that was like really beneficial for me as a person because it helped my worldview and it helped me to like, I don't understand my place in the world, and
not that I'm ever going to use that in my real life, but just because I'm not going to use, it doesn't mean it didn't benefit me a lot, so yeah,
like
like when when I say use it, I mean like in f like it won't manifest physically, but
of course, like
you use it in the sense that use it in your way of thinking. Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think like the way that we've like kind of put this high price tag on education is like a big issue, you know, because
it's it's
needed, so it's like not accessible to anyone, but I mean as we were saying, like we both really benefited from our education, right? So it's like how how can we kind of take
that for ourselves and not be able to give it to everybody?
I don't know. Well Uh
I know, but I feel like I do think about it a lot, but yeah, I understand. Mhm.
necessary.
No, I want to belong to um what am I watching right now? I like a lot of reality tv and because I think it's hilarious and I'm
watching and rewatching gossip all right now, which is like one of my favorite high school shows. Um
Yes, I have,
I watched it a couple months ago, but yeah, I did watch it all like in two days.
it is,
it
starts out to be
like pretty interesting and then by the end you're like, what is going
on?
What
for more?
I
really an extreme, but yeah, it's crazy to think like I have
a friend that was in Florida. She lives literally 10 minutes down from Carol Baskins. Um, I forgot the name of it. But like
quickly
you can't rescue.
So she lives like right
back from that, which is just so
just,
that was it. But yeah,
go ahead. Uh, huh.
No.
my God. Okay.
Oh, wow.
It's very interesting.
Just
what? Oh my gosh. I know. Do you so do what opposite are you on? Did you
but
our help?
Oh yeah. I'm not worried with Tiktok. Uh huh.
Well, I'm so upset. Honestly. This is
the last hurrah. I just, I love Tiktok. Well, it's because everyone on Tiktok kind of hates him. I mean, of course
not.
But yeah, but it's like,
so I don't know if you heard about like that rally that people on Tiktok were like um daily, you guys to like trump his rally or something. And that was so funny. I remember seeing like talks about that.
I know.
It's
like, I think gen z like the younger generation really like rules
Tiktok and they are just incredible. I mean, I'm not in that generation, but I just like support them so much. I'm like, you know, you do you
or where do you want?
Well,
I like john although I don't watch him like, like often, but I like whenever I do um, my favorite
like news show patron walk on that place with pizza Minaj.
gotten two years.
Hassan managed
yeah. I really like john Oliver for sure. Very
Yeah, I know that's true. Well Patriot Act episodes on Youtube as well, which is good because anyone can watch them.
No, I think
it's awesome.
So um in the beginning they were doing this weird thing where they were split it into two parts. But now the whole video, I think like there's certainly behind the scenes clips that maybe you won't be able to see, but pretty much the whole episode is on there.
Right. Yeah.
Yeah. I usually
just want because I don't have any, I'll watch it. I need to, but yeah.
Well,
you should watch,
I'm gonna like suggest this to in Patriot Act. I don't know if you've seen it, but they have a video games episode and it sounds like you might be interested in that. And I really liked it. So
basically
he talks about that and I didn't know like, I don't know much about the industry at all, so
it was really interesting to learn. Mhm.
Well.
One.
My brother actually wants to do that, so now I'm like kind of worried for them, like you should do something else.
I
mean,
so, I don't know. Like I changed my mind like three or four times, so I'm sure he will do. But that's as
of now, that's that's what he wants to do.
for sure. What did you do? So, I know you did english literature in grad school. So what did you do in undergrad?
Whoa.
Yeah, It's like a little bit out of the ordinary. But I mean still, I think,
oh, college experiences are valid. Help
me
and
What? We're
So what, like how different is that to like what we read now?
Every
morning.
Yeah, I just can't read Shakespeare. I mean, it is like not pleasurable, but yeah. Are crap.
Yeah, for sure. That's definitely interesting. Yeah. Literature classes are really cool. I always loved um I didn't take many. I always loved the professors that taught literature classes and it's nice.
For instance, what works for
you? I think same with people who study history. I have a friend that is doing her PhD in history right now. So she also
like, like he has that same kind of outlook.
Me too. I don't think. I mean maybe eventually, but definitely not now after I finished my mask was undone for
Through.
Well, that's that's honestly like one of the top reasons why would get a ph d s for the
dog
title I just wanted.
I'm sure I worked hard for it, so she's like, you know what? Don't leave it out, but
Yeah, I do have to go at like 1 30 but mhm.
Mhm.
Songs after it.
okay. So
we see what era isn't from, like?
Too bad brought.
No.
No. Yeah, interesting. I don't know much about literature, so that's cool. So wait, when he said he kind of not invented, but like, like modern horror, what do you mean by that?
We're
Yeah.
That's
that.
I was
Because
I have
a meeting soon, but it's good to talk to you. Yeah,
no,
that's okay. It was interesting to learn about, but yeah, I hope you have
day.
I
will.
Thank you. Yeah.