that was quick you know, wait for a minute mm Right.
we're kind of kind of I just got finished writing a few pages in the book so
Oh it's it's
a video game strategy guide kind of thing. It's it's not particularly of interest in a literary capacity but
Remember this particular one is animal crossing new horizons.
Mhm It's a cool game. I've been playing the Animal Crossing games. Oh About 15 years now.
Hey
technically there was before but was only released in Japan. Yeah the game cube
virtue
is actually a part of that Which is why you what's a gun in in 64 games. The interesting yeah, it's an interesting fact about the Gamecube version after you've booted up the game and are in it you can take the disk out of the system and it will still play completely fine. Yes. Yeah the whole
game is in the Gamecube memory at once. Okay. Yeah.
Uh huh.
No
I think yeah there's a reason why smash brothers players still have demanded that the Gamecube controller be supported all this time. Yeah.
You. Yeah. Yeah you can take the the game cube adapter they made for the wii u plug it into a switch and it will work for smash Brothers actually it'll work for many games. Yeah.
Yeah. Well you can get the pro controller or we you and that works too. Oh you put we played a lot of we Mario kart. Yeah. Not even funny.
No.
Right. Yeah. Yeah back in college we played animal crossing and uh we had four people in our apartment and we each had one of the houses and the amount of time that we obsessed over animal crossing. I have one roommate Sammy. Right. Uh She bought her own memory card create a town on that memory card for the express purpose of storing turnips. Mm
Air.
She feels that she filled that island with turnips. I think she actually managed to become a billionaire by the end of it. You know Did a billion rocky, you can only have 999 million bells in the bank at once. But I think she reached that because the thing about turnips is it grows exponentially. If if you can double your profit each week, then uh does not take that many weeks in order to reach arbitrary numbers of turnips. It's insane. You're limiting factor is the amount of time you have to put into it and the amount of space you have for storing turnips. If you have your own island for storing turnips. Uh
It's not. Yeah.
Uh
any
case
maybe. Uh can I tell the story about her and her turn up adventures in the book I'm working on? Right
Any case there's no particular reason we have to talk about animal crossing for 25 minutes. Uh
What are you doing these days?
No.
Yeah. Are they online classes or are they in person?
okay. It's gonna be weird going through that that campus with all the with all the classes that are being held virtually and I imagine the halls will be almost deserted.
What?
I'm
well grad
student what what do you want a degree you're going for?
I chose english literature so you see what I'm doing? Yeah.
mm. Yeah I got a master's degree yeah
yeah. Oh I I enjoyed it quite a bit. Yeah I'm a weird person because I chose literature mostly because it was something I wasn't good at, you know? Yeah, mostly a computer guy but I had this I had this feeling that I needed to be more well rounded.
Move
the yeah, the purpose of education is not to produce an obedient drone to work in an office somewhere. Yeah, it's it's brought into your mind and expands your horizons terrifically, let's let's you think critically about the world and we need that more than ever right now I think not
to get too
far
into
I'm
you'll use it though, it's just you won't you
don't notice using it.
What? Okay.
What?
it doesn't have explicit applications, but it matters a great deal to just how you approach the world and that's I I think intelligence is not something innate, but it is more sort of how you learn how to learn, so to speak. You see what I mean? Uh huh.
You know yeah thinking is a skill like anything else and you can learn to do it better. Yeah. Okay.
it's
horrible
No
yeah the lack of education for poor people is I think the primary thing that keeps them down you know it unless you're prepared to go into extracting extravagant amounts of debt education is higher education does not available to most people. That's a shame.
that's a little depressing to think about.
And okay so let me do something more interesting to think about or to talk about uh uh any interesting tv shows. I don't watch much tv at the moment. I
I sound like a hipster saying I don't watch much tv but I don't watch much tv.
I
have you, this is gonna be have you seen Tiger King?
What?
Okay. Uh I haven't watched it all yet but there's something about Tiger King that's kind of both hilarious and disturbing.
There's
just
I
well
there is there's this podcast to listen to called Behind the bastards which is these these very smart people talking about the worst people in history, not just half history but present day history. You know
uh And they have an episode I think particularly about Tiger King that's sort of like around it And the people who were who hosted the podcast, one is Robert Evans who is the main host, the other is Billy Wayne Davis.
And they're they're both kind of from the from rural America and they are talking about how people who watch Tiger King think who are these crazy people And two of them say together, let's conspiratorially they know they have lived around people like this their whole lives, there's more like this out in the United States than you think there are. And there oh they
won't admit.
No.
Big
big Cat Rescue. Big
Cat rescue
that.
there
are you first. Yeah.
Hey,
like tripping over each other's words a bit. Because of the way the video.
Yeah. Big Cat Rescue actually has a few meme videos from before Tiger King ever happened showing their doing their big cats playing around. Like they gave them refrigerator carton boxes and they would get into the boxes and lie around just like I can buy a house cat would right?
Yeah, they gave them pumpkins to play around with after after Halloween. And they're adorable in a kind of disturbing way. Just batting the pump around, sinking their teeth into them, tearing them apart. Uh huh
uh
I heard, yeah, I heard someone say watching one of those videos. Uh, they think
their head.
I only want you people actually,
yeah, it's difficult for me to find time to mostly because I'm, I'm on twitter, unfortunately, twitter
can quit. It gives them many hours if you let it.
Okay. Uh huh. Yeah, Do you hear that President trump watched the ban Tiktok?
He's
Well,
they should.
Pt
Well, awesome. That was just amazing thing is maybe what to join up and try Tiktok more than that.
That's
just
honey,
yeah, that gives me more hope for the future than anything else, you know? Yeah, I'm older than I look. I hope I live long enough to see the world that they create. Yeah. Uh Any case uh what else, what other tv shows again? Uh
I I don't watch much uh That's the thing, I mean I sound like a snob again saying that
I watched that I watched last week tonight with john Oliver. Yeah, which is a news, comedy news show.
I
I yeah Patriot Act is correct.
Oh yeah I should watch more of that. I just with as if I forgot his name, I think I just remind you but not by them. What's his name again?
Yeah, that's it. That's it. Yeah, that shows pretty nice. Yeah there are other shows to I think I think Patriot Act domestic tonight are are the best of the lot really.
the most well researched and well thought out and they have a good have a good sort of looked you in the world. So of course actually one is on HBO and it was on netflix.
Parts of them are not the whole thing. Last
week.
They are, yeah.
Yeah, last week tonight occasionally post the full episode on Youtube, but usually they split them up, you know, yep,
thank you.
Truck.
Um what else is there to talk about? Uh Mostly what I've been looking on the internet lately is the electronic videos and computer videos and I don't really know how interesting that would be to you. Uh
I've been wanting,
let's go.
Is it about, is it about is about the people who work on games because because they have, they have bad working conditions. That's
like
What?
I know too much about the industry. Yeah, it's it's a gigantic meat grinder that yeah, tens of thousands of bright young students go to college to learn programming because they want to make video games and they go right to electronic arts
and Ubisoft and all the triple A developers and they're almost like rubbing their hands maniacally, you know, just looking forward to the fresh meat coming in because because they burn out very quickly and then they leave video game development and go to a job that actually pays well. Doesn't treat them like crap. Yeah. Either that or they break off and become indie developers where they make
even less money. Yeah. Thank you. Barry.
Yeah. It's very hard to make, you know, a good a good living as an indie developer unless you join up with with some studio and uh where's your brother? Well for me we
we do
need
Just
changing your mind is not a bad thing in college. That's that's sort of what it's there for.
I did some computer stuff and I switched over. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's sort of weird. I I had a bizarre college experience. I would not I would not present my experience to anyone as an object lesson of what they should do. Yeah.
No.
But
one of the
great things about literature is occasionally you've got a really interesting class. Like we had an entire semester in which we studied the book. Uh Here's a Plamen. It was it was a middle english novel or I mean a novel but put more of a collection of stories. It's written in that sort of it's one of the few works we had to survive from the dark ages
and pre renaissance and the way we did the story. And it was very hard to do this. but I expect dr customers are professor for doing it this way. Well we read it in the original middle english, none of us can read middle english but we still tried it anyway. Yeah.
Great. Very very different Shakespeare is actually an early form of modern english and you know how
difficult
to understand Shakespeare sometime.
Well this is like a whole other planet. It's yeah it's basically they're still got bits of the Germanic, it's Germanic roots in there. Yeah it's hard to hard to make himself. Yeah. Yeah much of has had trouble but uh we we got through it, we got through it. That was good, that was one of the more memorable classes that we had.
Literature professors, they have an outlook on the world because they've usually they usually you know literature is the way we basically learn about the world from centuries ago. You know, it's most of what comes down to us and yeah, they are to a person entirely extremely liberal because because they have that outlook, they know what the world was like and they know the tremendous sacrifices people that then made to give us the world we have now. It's frightening to see people sort of turning back on that. Very good. I
don't
No.
Yeah. Uh every every great effect for anyone going for their PhD, I just couldn't do it.
By that time you should be able to add master to your name. Like a doctor does. Yeah.
Uh oh if I called myself master my name, I'd probably get I'd probably get beat up once a week. Thanks. Yeah.
Look
at
Have a good friend who was one of my professors back in the college days and we still keep in touch and she does insist that you put that doctor in front of your name when her name you write it out. Yeah.
Uh in any case uh we are actually starting to approach 25 minutes now but I am happy to go on for a bit.
let's let's go to 1:30 just to make sure that we're good time wise. Yeah. Yeah. I don't really know what else to talk about college wise. I can tell you that my the paper I wrote the presentation I wrote for my master's degree at the end was on H. P. Lovecraft. Yeah I know if you're familiar with him. Yeah it's one of the uh gigantic crisis just just uh I feel these days that I have to make apologies for him whenever I tell anyone about H. P. Lovecraft because he really really was. But on the other hand he was also arguably the founder of modern Horror. Yeah
Love H. P. Lovecraft had a vision of the universe as a bleak and uncaring place ruled by forces We not only don't understand but can't understand. All right.
Yeah and he tried to, yeah the best way I heard to describe it is most horror stories before Lovecraft were about vampires and ghosts. Maybe the occasional werewolf. You know there are basically those stories about characters and monsters in their relationship with God. Like fires are forsaken by God. Ghosts have not moved on to the afterlife. They're all part of that sort of world view. Whereas Lovecraft tried to write horror stories that could scare atheists. Yeah.
What?
uh he is early 1900s every 20th century. Yeah. He died in 1937, right before World War Two. There are actually hit towards the end of his life that he was working his way out of his racism. Uh He died young so he never really had an opportunity to do that for real. Yeah.
he died practically penniless, but he still made the most of it though, you know, he would ride the bus to like crumbling old New England towns just to look at the architecture. Yeah, he is, he was a weird guy. Uh he he loved architecture of that particular style and he and he loved the towns that of New England native of providence Rhode island. Um and it's weird, I don't really know what else to go about it. I mean his writing style is arguably an acquired taste. Yeah, he wrote a style or use words like squamous and give
us, he read a lot as a really young, really young boy and he would just use all kinds of crazy word because he wanted to create a feeling that sort of word picture in the mind, you know, a sort of decay and uh, things like that and it was effective that, but also a very, very easy style of friday to make fun of like everyone who read the love, love of craft has their own personal favorite way of just thinking about a man. It's writing and you're too at some point Yeah. In any case that's, that's just blocked its blathering
Um because of his worldview, he, he wrote about monsters but they weren't monsters like in a Judeo, christian sort of sense like vampire. But he wrote about strange alien gods like like Kahului who I think the whole internet knows about by now. The zulu is a gigantic, gigantic sort of humanoid sort of octopus sort of dragon kind of thing beneath the pacific ocean and the nightmare corpse city of relay. Mhm And he lies dead, not dead, but not alive in this city and has for millions of years. But according to the store, he appears in the Call of Cthulhu, which is one of Lovecraft's best works. If you wanted to retry eating any lovecraft, you should start there. It's also, it's also one of the least racist works, even though there is some of that ended. Uh, but according to it someday and someday soon uh castle, you will awaken and rise up from, from the, from this nightmare city and basically destroy all the works of man, basically in the world as we know it. And the remaining people will be the Castilla's worshippers who doesn't really care about because Kwazulu we are as ants to him. We are absolutely no account to him. He may not even know that human people exist,
right? That love perhaps view of the world. I mean, he doesn't literally believe in a catholic, but he believes in a universe or believed in the universe that we are utterly insignificant. We're just particles, you know, in the middle of black gulfs of infinity that we cannot understand that do not fit in our minds. It's kind of bleak, but it's worth noting that lovecraft himself had kind of a sense of humor about it. He would sign letters as grandpa Khufu. Right? He,
he
wrote hundreds
of thousands of letters in his life. Mhm. Oh yeah, he
made, he may, he may be the person of whom we have the most surviving correspondence and the entirety of human history. Because he wrote and wrote and wrote if the internet existed back then he would be a part of it definitely stop anyway. Okay. It's 1 31 now
and
what?
Yeah. I feel like time talking about Lovecraft.
But
that's it.
You too. You
too.
Good luck. Good luck with the degree.
What?