SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. The property? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I never everybody thank you for your friends. That's great. Mhm. Looking at your hands. You're going down, yeah prosecute your father? Can't. No problem. Mhm. I want to change your life. Mhm. What? Yeah. Country at night. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Huh? Hold up. Hello. Things about to start playing with. Yeah. Girls. Can you shut my doors? Sorry. Hello? Yeah. Thank you again. I don't know. And the rest of the people. The complexity of the issues. Come here. one Thing. All right. Yeah. I have another story. That's right. Yeah. When we think about what you've got? Yeah. Hello? I can't see what's 12:00 right on the. So let's have a little time reading setup. How's your day going?
SPEAKER_R: It's going all right. How about your,
SPEAKER_L: It's going okay. I got a bunch of school stuff that I probably went a little too long to do. I got that handled earlier.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: the state?
SPEAKER_L: can you give me fine with these looks like we have to have the same ones? They're Sony? Oh
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: no, my third
SPEAKER_L: Wait
SPEAKER_R: anchor
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Okay. Can you hear me better like this?
SPEAKER_R: sounds the same to me.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'll keep them often. But um what have you been up to
SPEAKER_R: Um, getting ready to go back to work. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: if you don't mind me asking, what do you do before,
SPEAKER_R: I'm a teacher
SPEAKER_L: What do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: art. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: destructive personality.
SPEAKER_L: Unfortunately I'm looking for work right now with everything going on. It was like I can't get unemployment, has work setting for colleges are considered a benefit and a job at least here in Virginia. But uh yeah, so I mean that kind of you know is what it is but at least have my associates
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: so you have something you know? But uh there's even high school college.
SPEAKER_R: peaceful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So you know you got to be really meticulous, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. So wait, are you all doing a virtual or y'all just doing it?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What I understand, we're coming back full time. Yeah. Just make sure as socially distance as possible, but defending and so young, I don't know how that's because they need
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: engagement and time with interact with each other since that's what a lot of preschool activity is. So I just don't know how well that's going to go, especially if someone gets sick. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean it's awful that they really didn't play in this out but er you know, but
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: we really don't have the numbers. But do you know if you hold on to use a salt it doesn't factor. But you know how that I used to do housekeeping and we're really weird like we were I've used all these other chemicals but not like salt, even though that was probably the most efficient just spraying stuff down something about like, you know, allergens and stuff like that. But the preschool you do, y'all make them food, Let me get snacks and stuff, right? Or do they have to break their stuff?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um, this school provides this next room, but I think we might be doing something different where we keep the kids continue into one classroom. So every single meal they'll eat in the class and this match and they always eat and they're just in case One of the kids are said it would just be containing at one posh room so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But what what have you been doing in the meantime like anything fun during all this stuff? All things considered
SPEAKER_R: Um Though is have about with each bless and I'd rather spend that time getting my actually done early because I have a long time hat and I switched rooms um from last year. So it's it's gonna be a different layout. It's just gonna take a lot more time figuring out what's the best set up for this whole situation. Because we're gonna have to get rid of like uh media areas where kids consider weed and stuff like that. So my set up originally claiming this. So that's why I mean
SPEAKER_L: hope.
SPEAKER_R: he said
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I can only imagine being a teacher, like just how much stuff you gotta fixed up right before, you know when
SPEAKER_R: pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: you all go back. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: august night, I forgot today it's it's soon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Too soon. Um, by the way for preschool education, what local colleges you need for that?
SPEAKER_R: I got a back shores.
SPEAKER_L: It feels like bachelors, the minimum I think for professor unique. I don't know. Like do you need a masters in high school? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I just know it's encouraged that you can take your every once you got back channels.
SPEAKER_L: becomes easier to justify your raises to put that. Yeah. Um, Do you have any dreams of teaching to a higher level or is this where you'd like to you because you're literally helping these kids at a young age?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah I'm definitely open to other grades but I'm barely contemplative that little ones right now. It's just the content area. It's not uh doesn't have a lot of job offering so I can't be expect more choosing as I would like.
SPEAKER_L: Well did you want to go for the hard thing or did you want to try to teach something else? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but I'm still seeking other certifications in different content areas just so I can keep my job openings. Uh Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So if I can make a
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: guess, I want to say you're gonna try for english, maybe try to get some certification of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No actually no actually I'm trying to be served by more general education so the text to the test I'm hoping it takes is going to get me certified to teach police hold through the third grade. So that opened a lot more doors. Said no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot more positions open a, I live in Virginia. So you know, I don't know about your state. I know we have a few things, you know, they think it's federal where they, you know, if you do like certain schools and stuff like that, they'll give you money towards your loan repayment and such.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: think texas does that tube. I've just been so focused on other things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, texas is unfortunately one of the hot spots, isn't it right now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: um, I mean other than just keeping keeping indoors or I mean it's good to, you know, I don't know if you have any parks near you or anything or or you can go and just relax without, I don't know much about,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's, I have a few parts in my area. I just rather not risk it. I just, just seeing people out and partnering and just hanging out and just going in groups. I'm just rather just stay home where it's safer not risk it.
SPEAKER_L: it's also probably hot as hell in texas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, It's been about 100 every day. So I'm just used to it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean we're not far off here in Virginia but um, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you've got an air conditioning unit or anything or I got I got one of these portable things that got it was like a refurbished one. You can. Yeah I mean they're not super expensive because see I had the hottest like right below music garage so all the hot and it's not insulated So all the hot air rises right through me in my room sometimes if I cut that off and just leave it it will easily get past like 80. Sometimes you even higher can't have that. But I've been watching any shows or anything. YouTube
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Not really. I feel like I've just been mainly watching just random movements. Yeah. You need to, to,
SPEAKER_L: but YouTube picks a block I will say though.
SPEAKER_R: I'm comfortable.
SPEAKER_L: Um have you seen the boys on Amazon? It's
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of it and I've seen some Youtube videos point, I've sat down with launch it. I think it's definitely interesting premise to the whole superhero genre.
SPEAKER_L: really good. They're coming out with the second season sometime in September I think separate 12. Yeah I mean it's based on the comic with the comics insane like they you probably couldn't have been able to adapt it. You wouldn't have anybody wants to be like too much. Um
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Mhm. That's
SPEAKER_L: it's really good acting. Uh It's really good different from us you know uh you watching anime or anything? You
SPEAKER_R: I just think it is. I used to but I haven't really thought back into it. I know I enjoy it's just guys have been really animated that okay I've been particularly interested in.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that I don't there's certain popular ones I'm kind of like uh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the most recent when I watched that really I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really liked was Vinland Saga which is dealing with Vikings but it's a lot more deeper than that. Like you've heard of Leif ericson. Um So he was the Vikings that discovered America 500 years before columbus he was able to make it across the ocean set of Greenland and stuff. What's the story of uh Four Fin which was one of the, it's actually helps with that. They're all what's interesting is it's obviously got the anime tropes you know what I'm saying? Not as bad as all the other anything but you know, a little bit fantastical feats but all the characters, all the named characters are based on real people minus they wanted to, they actually existed. It's important history but the writing is really really, really good. Mhm. Like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of people recommend it. Um
SPEAKER_R: Just take it.
SPEAKER_L: Have you seen Desert? Like the old older ones?
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: you're thinking
SPEAKER_L: you heard of it? So it's considered like one of the, it's a it's a dark fantasy Um kind of cellar to game of Thrones but a little different, like it focuses on like more or less one person. Um they have like the 1990s version that's all on YouTube. That's really good. That only goes up to the golden age, yes, the Golden Age Yard and then, but there's a whole other manga series, but since they're like one of the greats, like kind of a groundbreaking one. Um, so you have like Vinland Saga is up their kingdom dessert and I got a handful of others that kind of, or is it like the cornerstone, like have you heard of double men cry baby? Um, problems based on the 1970s or um, which is, yeah, they actually influence a lot of stuff and influenced dessert. Um, and it influenced a few others. Like, have you ever heard of Dark Souls video game series? Yeah. Okay. Well, influence that neo genesis evangelical on uh well,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: basically the premise of that and that one was through Netflix that got animated the year for 18. Um, basically
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's, you know, demons and it sounds like a christian or religious sense like demons exist and they can merge with people, but a pure hearted person is able to fight it and you know, it's the power of the 10 tries to fight back against the demons. There's a lot more to it than that, you know? But if you start that though you kind of do need to finish it because that's how everything ties together but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: not a huge animal person, you know? But I do like certain ones that like good stories, good characters. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Do you watch any sports at all? I don't watch a lot, but I like, you know, like a few things,
SPEAKER_R: No I don't really watch any sports, I've never been to interested in them.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that the only one that I like when I started watching is Emma and Boxing and I'm super excited in front of mike Tyson, you know, he's coming back. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Was it I think I saw a picture he's doing something with sharks I think.
SPEAKER_L: he's gonna be on Shark Week, I don't know how they're gonna do that. Um
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: But he's also going to be have been training, he's gonna fight Roy jones Jr which is also considered like one of the greatest of all time And that's coming September 12 and I'm really really excited for that even though it's an exhibition fight, you know?
SPEAKER_R: What you're looking
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: for?
SPEAKER_L: um yeah just I have a frame that boxes um he's licensed when all this stuff fans were actually gonna start up at a new gym. Um I don't have a punching bag downstairs but uh train, I mean like people don't realize that it's literally called the Sweet Science.
SPEAKER_R: distracted.
SPEAKER_L: Like there's a lot more to it than just punch the guy in the face. There's a lot of technique to it how you check your weight and such. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was trying to say yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is there any activities that you like to do or any exercises that you enjoy or anything like that,
SPEAKER_R: and I'm mostly just like
SPEAKER_L: poppies?
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: just like reading mostly um just browsing the web is you just find so many interesting things on the internet. Uh Really just besides netflix and Youtube a lot too, then it's not really too much I do in my free time.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like overall in the same way, you know, I'm trying to find more stuff that I can uh time what you see is the right term. But I found like I'm not getting other things done. You know what I'm saying? So like I'm trying to, you
SPEAKER_R: for something
SPEAKER_L: know, do better uh you know, hobbies that really do something for me I guess, you know, just making sure you exercise because it sucks, it sucks words when you're not eating. I will say I've been doing
SPEAKER_R: also,
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: recently, these things by Remington James on
SPEAKER_R: Speaking
SPEAKER_L: Youtube.
SPEAKER_R: of which?
SPEAKER_L: He's kind of like disgustingly positive. He's just always positive. But he makes um you
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: know, video recipes and stuff like that. And there's one where he made like a it's a healthy pizza, you know, using factory mozzarella. I mean, he's made one, they're thicker, they're full of protein. But this one still got protein. It's called It's some type of flat. You just look up Remington James flatbread. It's called lavish flatbread red
SPEAKER_R: it is difficult.
SPEAKER_L: and it's like super low calorie and look hard. And the greatest thing is right because see when I started to try to cook, I cook when I'm hungry. That's my problem. So I get impatient. But you literally put your toppings you know you measure it out and uh you know turkey bacon. Is that I mean Turkey yeah you do turkey bacon obviously or um Turkey pepperoni form also cuts out a lot of calories. Um Well up in the protein but you literally start within five minutes. It's done. You
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Which is that that's no time. You know give you time to wrap everything off. But I don't know if you like cooking but.
SPEAKER_R: I do try to cook sometimes. Um I definitely interested in baking. I love bacon cakes, cookies on such uh but healthy pizza does sound good, it's just I'm not a big cheese person. I know, I know vegan is um it's like a big thing and hugs being healthy, but the idea of like being a big inches in the pizza sees kind of hard and I haven't found a cheese that I really enjoy so just kind of different for
SPEAKER_L: well are
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: you vegan?
SPEAKER_R: no but just eating healthier scenes definitely like a good thing. I know veganism is just definitely a step and there are at least just better alternative than a technical diet. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well if you do full vegan you just got to make sure you get your vitamin B. 12 and stuff like that. But that's easy. Um But yeah, he does actually have a lot of baby. He has a soft spot for desserts. So I mean I've seen you have an eggbeater and stuff like that if you like cheesecake,
SPEAKER_R: hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: but I don't know the cheese thing, but it's not cheese. He has a recipe for oreo cheesecake, but that's actually pretty cheesecake. He's also a man like oreo Mcflurry, that's locale high protein.
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: That looks pretty simple. Um He's also, I need to try this though. He's got two different recipes for doughnuts better. I think like each doughnut comes out to be like 100 calories and it's got protein in it. You know, converse is like three. I mean it's got a lot of, you know, it's protein dense because you don't know if you know how cowboys were. You know, you got your macro nutrients and your fat. Yeah. Um, I mean he's done a bunch of different things that he does mostly desert actually.
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: exists?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's cooking better even better because you feel different, you know what I'm saying? But protein powder is also super useful. It's not even just for people that lift weights, like does getting, making sure you get your protein and very easy. It's so easy. I mean literally, you know, you shake that stuff up, let's scoop of it and it doesn't matter really the brand. Um and you can knock it down and a few gulps and boom. You know, the uptake rates really
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: because I do protein. There's more and more evidence that it's useful for not only building muscle but also fat loss, how your body uses it and that protein is actually kind of hard to digest. Right? If I'm talking too much, feel free to interrupt.
SPEAKER_R: oh you're fine. It's very interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so like carbs get turned into sugar for your body to use instant. Are there some complex ones? They take the glycemic index but protein there's actually so with your macronutrients um Graham approaching the school, cavalries, Grandma carbohydrates is four calories. A gram of fat is either eight or 9 calories. Now
SPEAKER_R: 66.
SPEAKER_L: what they're starting to find out is that protein because protein enters your body, it has to be broken down and the branch chain amino acids and
SPEAKER_R: Super.
SPEAKER_L: then it gets broken down further into amino acids.
SPEAKER_R: Probably.
SPEAKER_L: Because and then basically your body is deciding through protein synthesis. Where does the protein to go right like preparing your eyes are preparing your stomach lining, you know, so you know they all
SPEAKER_R: Four.
SPEAKER_L: your body is constant deteriorating and being rebuilt your skin to Oregon, you know and you know and so it's having to re mobilise back into this building box, you know? You know, ask that branch chain, you know, approaching again to figure out where it needs to go to rebuild. And
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: of that
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: there's actually a few studies starting to come out where protein, you may only actually digest uh You know, 2 to 3 calories instead of like four. So it's actually less calories than your body can only absorb so much having to use it constantly, if that makes any sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's definitely very interesting. I've never been into the whole protein shakes like what kind of they don't want tasty but just definitely interesting to see how the body process is just all the different things we put into it and how just really there's such a big science behind it that like I knew there's a science behind it but I never took the time to really understand it and to seek out that information so it can benefit myself. So it's just definitely gave me a lot of folks about what macros and micros that I really need to focus. This is just so easy to just do this dumb like fad diets and just eat like salads and just fruit and just restrict your calories which I know it's boring but just really focus on what nutrients you need. So
SPEAKER_L: there's a handful of studies out there um where it's like, you know, you had a lot of fat that can benefit from intermittent fasting.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: However, at the end of the day, you cannot
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: lose weight if you're not in a calorie deficit, all these fad diets, effectively, they're just making it a fun way to restrict your capitals. Now, I'm not gonna say if you eat a certain amount of Doritos that falls under your index and you're gonna feel great and you still need to get
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: your nutrients. But effectively that's all they are
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: now with the protein thing I need to try some it's a little bit higher calorie protein
SPEAKER_R: Mrs
SPEAKER_L: but I got a sample that was delicious. Um Since the six teamed up in some walmart tackle cold stone creamery protein shakes that are ice cream shakes, protein shakes you know you can mix it with milk or you can just do water. I do water just get the calories and it they shake up a lot easier. But um I mean yeah there's tons of stuff they're still coming up with studies N. C. P. I. You know
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they like picture of it on Youtube. He's
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: really cool. He's really simple. He breaks things down really easily.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: He uses in all of his research based stuff. It's nothing but scientific studies that you will go down. Um And yeah he's really good to watch. Um Christine
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: is another one that's super cheap and everybody should be taking. Um Not only doesn't help with muscle uh energy level and stuff like that. It also has been shown to help people with A. D. H. D. Some stuff with depression like there I mean that's entry level stuff but what has been proven is it actually does uh passing the blood brain barrier. It's one of the
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: few supplements that does you know it's not like you know you know uh engine sri bark or something like that. Where there's not a lot of science
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: behind it creating protein powder. Are some of the most well researched supplements actually exist. But do you have anything you wanna ask me?
SPEAKER_R: So what's the difference? Yeah I think I think he just gave me a lot of stuff to think about. I'm more of a thinker than offer as you. So, it's just a lot of more these two videos for today. Just definitely some more research as I also think about my classroom, so yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and you can listen to them. Do you want me to try to go through the different names? I don't know if you were typing them off her
SPEAKER_R: It's not respectful of the word. God. All right. I'm ready for the names. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh picture fit. Um um A really good one is uh for Denmark out stuff. I mean there's tons of stuff athlete X. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: He has a few million subscribers. He he's a licensed physical therapist so you know he tells you workout that are safe, stuff like that. Um Yeah his real name is Jeff Cavaliere. But yeah so it's like a th lean ex you know um Rimington James is the food guy. So with his
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: happened to this place?
SPEAKER_L: he has a cookbook that he wants you to buy. Um But you know everybody's trying to make money you know where he breaks down. So you just have to watch the video and write down the measurements stuff you're not having to go through. You know now the thing that some people do in the comments, if you scroll
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: a little bit down they write down exactly what he used and how he used it. You know they simplify it but yeah but it's you know nothing is being headed, you know what I'm saying? Um Right I mean there's a few other good Youtubers out there, you know bodyweight stuff. If you don't have any equipment at home, there's tons of body weight stuff you can do it and just limbering up stuff like that. Also um recently I can't because I don't have a job
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: but um you use audible.
SPEAKER_R: not not a big auto fan. I don't like listening, but I like reading books. It's just there's something about just a stranger, but the same appealing to
SPEAKER_L: I understand that. You know like I definitely feel like something's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it really depends on how the person talks together, they just thrown on. You know I mean I like really using it for the car and I was just gonna say you get like two free audiobooks if you have amazon point, you know you want to download but Okay. Yeah. I wish you love with
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: everything.
SPEAKER_R: made it. Yeah. Yeah. You too. Especially your degree, man. I know I want I want to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: go for a
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: bastard,
SPEAKER_L: something.
SPEAKER_R: but this is probably a good time that worked on setting with everything going on. Oh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: there was uh I know google has a few things, research stations, you can get a digital marketing, anything, you know? Uh I mean to affair my boss, he literally was about, he got out like he got his bachelor's right at the end of like, no, not the end but kind of like in the middle of the recession
SPEAKER_R: Hey was
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: we just had
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: before
SPEAKER_R: push?
SPEAKER_L: and he said screw it, I'm gonna go from my Masters because they at least all my master's, hopefully this stuff will end.
SPEAKER_R: my.
SPEAKER_L: You know, obviously it's easier said than done, but possibly the recession going through, it might be better to have that masters. And I'm saying we're getting to, you know obviously that's you know look up some states have different programs that will give you cash back if you're
SPEAKER_R: Just open the west.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you have
SPEAKER_R: We need your help?
SPEAKER_L: mhm. You know if you if you teach in a area, a poor area or something like that they'll give you money back. Um I don't know this. I know they're doing for dentists, my friends if you're willing to
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: teach
SPEAKER_R: told
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I don't know if you're willing to work as a dentist. Uh A tribe of native american reservation. They'll give you they'll pay almost everything. So maybe possibly doing teaching with that. But I want you love with everything. I hope that your room come together quickly that you your family, your friends all stay safe during this trying time. But I think after we end this we go do a little survey. Right
SPEAKER_R: We'll just go back to the original uh screen and then we're good to go. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Um Well you have to pay just exit out. Okay nice to get to the Mumbai