Okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. The property? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I never everybody thank you for your friends. That's great. Mhm. Looking at your hands. You're going down, yeah prosecute your father? Can't. No problem. Mhm. I want to change your life. Mhm. What? Yeah. Country at night. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Huh? Hold up. Hello. Things about to start playing with. Yeah. Girls. Can you shut my doors? Sorry. Hello? Yeah. Thank you again. I don't know. And the rest of the people. The complexity of the issues. Come here. one Thing. All right. Yeah. I have another story. That's right. Yeah. When we think about what you've got? Yeah. Hello? I can't see what's 12:00 right on the. So let's have a little time reading setup. How's your day going?
It's going okay. I got a bunch of school stuff that I probably went a little too long to do. I got that handled earlier.
So
can you give me fine with these looks like we have to have the same ones? They're Sony? Oh
sorry.
Wait
yeah. Okay. Can you hear me better like this?
Okay. I'll keep them often. But um what have you been up to
if you don't mind me asking, what do you do before,
What do you teach?
Yeah.
Unfortunately I'm looking for work right now with everything going on. It was like I can't get unemployment, has work setting for colleges are considered a benefit and a job at least here in Virginia. But uh yeah, so I mean that kind of you know is what it is but at least have my associates
so you have something you know? But uh there's even high school college.
So you know you got to be really meticulous, right?
But uh
yeah,
I mean
Yeah. Mhm. So wait, are you all doing a virtual or y'all just doing it?
And
yeah, I mean it's awful that they really didn't play in this out but er you know, but
we really don't have the numbers. But do you know if you hold on to use a salt it doesn't factor. But you know how that I used to do housekeeping and we're really weird like we were I've used all these other chemicals but not like salt, even though that was probably the most efficient just spraying stuff down something about like, you know, allergens and stuff like that. But the preschool you do, y'all make them food, Let me get snacks and stuff, right? Or do they have to break their stuff?
But what what have you been doing in the meantime like anything fun during all this stuff? All things considered
hope.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I can only imagine being a teacher, like just how much stuff you gotta fixed up right before, you know when
you all go back. Okay.
Too soon. Um, by the way for preschool education, what local colleges you need for that?
It feels like bachelors, the minimum I think for professor unique. I don't know. Like do you need a masters in high school? Yeah.
It
becomes easier to justify your raises to put that. Yeah. Um, Do you have any dreams of teaching to a higher level or is this where you'd like to you because you're literally helping these kids at a young age?
Well did you want to go for the hard thing or did you want to try to teach something else? Okay.
So if I can make a
guess, I want to say you're gonna try for english, maybe try to get some certification of that.
lot more positions open a, I live in Virginia. So you know, I don't know about your state. I know we have a few things, you know, they think it's federal where they, you know, if you do like certain schools and stuff like that, they'll give you money towards your loan repayment and such.
But
Yeah. Yeah, texas is unfortunately one of the hot spots, isn't it right now?
But
um, I mean other than just keeping keeping indoors or I mean it's good to, you know, I don't know if you have any parks near you or anything or or you can go and just relax without, I don't know much about,
it's also probably hot as hell in texas. Yeah.
I mean we're not far off here in Virginia but um, yeah,
I don't know if you've got an air conditioning unit or anything or I got I got one of these portable things that got it was like a refurbished one. You can. Yeah I mean they're not super expensive because see I had the hottest like right below music garage so all the hot and it's not insulated So all the hot air rises right through me in my room sometimes if I cut that off and just leave it it will easily get past like 80. Sometimes you even higher can't have that. But I've been watching any shows or anything. YouTube
but YouTube picks a block I will say though.
Um have you seen the boys on Amazon? It's
really good. They're coming out with the second season sometime in September I think separate 12. Yeah I mean it's based on the comic with the comics insane like they you probably couldn't have been able to adapt it. You wouldn't have anybody wants to be like too much. Um
it's really good acting. Uh It's really good different from us you know uh you watching anime or anything? You
I feel that I don't there's certain popular ones I'm kind of like uh
the most recent when I watched that really I
really liked was Vinland Saga which is dealing with Vikings but it's a lot more deeper than that. Like you've heard of Leif ericson. Um So he was the Vikings that discovered America 500 years before columbus he was able to make it across the ocean set of Greenland and stuff. What's the story of uh Four Fin which was one of the, it's actually helps with that. They're all what's interesting is it's obviously got the anime tropes you know what I'm saying? Not as bad as all the other anything but you know, a little bit fantastical feats but all the characters, all the named characters are based on real people minus they wanted to, they actually existed. It's important history but the writing is really really, really good. Mhm. Like
a lot of people recommend it. Um
Have you seen Desert? Like the old older ones?
Have
you heard of it? So it's considered like one of the, it's a it's a dark fantasy Um kind of cellar to game of Thrones but a little different, like it focuses on like more or less one person. Um they have like the 1990s version that's all on YouTube. That's really good. That only goes up to the golden age, yes, the Golden Age Yard and then, but there's a whole other manga series, but since they're like one of the greats, like kind of a groundbreaking one. Um, so you have like Vinland Saga is up their kingdom dessert and I got a handful of others that kind of, or is it like the cornerstone, like have you heard of double men cry baby? Um, problems based on the 1970s or um, which is, yeah, they actually influence a lot of stuff and influenced dessert. Um, and it influenced a few others. Like, have you ever heard of Dark Souls video game series? Yeah. Okay. Well, influence that neo genesis evangelical on uh well,
basically the premise of that and that one was through Netflix that got animated the year for 18. Um, basically
it's, you know, demons and it sounds like a christian or religious sense like demons exist and they can merge with people, but a pure hearted person is able to fight it and you know, it's the power of the 10 tries to fight back against the demons. There's a lot more to it than that, you know? But if you start that though you kind of do need to finish it because that's how everything ties together but
not a huge animal person, you know? But I do like certain ones that like good stories, good characters. Uh
Do you watch any sports at all? I don't watch a lot, but I like, you know, like a few things,
I feel that the only one that I like when I started watching is Emma and Boxing and I'm super excited in front of mike Tyson, you know, he's coming back. Mhm.
he's gonna be on Shark Week, I don't know how they're gonna do that. Um
But he's also going to be have been training, he's gonna fight Roy jones Jr which is also considered like one of the greatest of all time And that's coming September 12 and I'm really really excited for that even though it's an exhibition fight, you know?
But
um yeah just I have a frame that boxes um he's licensed when all this stuff fans were actually gonna start up at a new gym. Um I don't have a punching bag downstairs but uh train, I mean like people don't realize that it's literally called the Sweet Science.
Like there's a lot more to it than just punch the guy in the face. There's a lot of technique to it how you check your weight and such. Um Yeah.
is there any activities that you like to do or any exercises that you enjoy or anything like that,
poppies?
Sorry.
I feel like overall in the same way, you know, I'm trying to find more stuff that I can uh time what you see is the right term. But I found like I'm not getting other things done. You know what I'm saying? So like I'm trying to, you
know, do better uh you know, hobbies that really do something for me I guess, you know, just making sure you exercise because it sucks, it sucks words when you're not eating. I will say I've been doing
more
recently, these things by Remington James on
Youtube.
He's kind of like disgustingly positive. He's just always positive. But he makes um you
know, video recipes and stuff like that. And there's one where he made like a it's a healthy pizza, you know, using factory mozzarella. I mean, he's made one, they're thicker, they're full of protein. But this one still got protein. It's called It's some type of flat. You just look up Remington James flatbread. It's called lavish flatbread red
and it's like super low calorie and look hard. And the greatest thing is right because see when I started to try to cook, I cook when I'm hungry. That's my problem. So I get impatient. But you literally put your toppings you know you measure it out and uh you know turkey bacon. Is that I mean Turkey yeah you do turkey bacon obviously or um Turkey pepperoni form also cuts out a lot of calories. Um Well up in the protein but you literally start within five minutes. It's done. You
know?
Which is that that's no time. You know give you time to wrap everything off. But I don't know if you like cooking but.
well are
you vegan?
Yeah well if you do full vegan you just got to make sure you get your vitamin B. 12 and stuff like that. But that's easy. Um But yeah, he does actually have a lot of baby. He has a soft spot for desserts. So I mean I've seen you have an eggbeater and stuff like that if you like cheesecake,
but I don't know the cheese thing, but it's not cheese. He has a recipe for oreo cheesecake, but that's actually pretty cheesecake. He's also a man like oreo Mcflurry, that's locale high protein.
That looks pretty simple. Um He's also, I need to try this though. He's got two different recipes for doughnuts better. I think like each doughnut comes out to be like 100 calories and it's got protein in it. You know, converse is like three. I mean it's got a lot of, you know, it's protein dense because you don't know if you know how cowboys were. You know, you got your macro nutrients and your fat. Yeah. Um, I mean he's done a bunch of different things that he does mostly desert actually.
But
yeah, it's cooking better even better because you feel different, you know what I'm saying? But protein powder is also super useful. It's not even just for people that lift weights, like does getting, making sure you get your protein and very easy. It's so easy. I mean literally, you know, you shake that stuff up, let's scoop of it and it doesn't matter really the brand. Um and you can knock it down and a few gulps and boom. You know, the uptake rates really
good
because I do protein. There's more and more evidence that it's useful for not only building muscle but also fat loss, how your body uses it and that protein is actually kind of hard to digest. Right? If I'm talking too much, feel free to interrupt.
Yeah, so like carbs get turned into sugar for your body to use instant. Are there some complex ones? They take the glycemic index but protein there's actually so with your macronutrients um Graham approaching the school, cavalries, Grandma carbohydrates is four calories. A gram of fat is either eight or 9 calories. Now
what they're starting to find out is that protein because protein enters your body, it has to be broken down and the branch chain amino acids and
then it gets broken down further into amino acids.
Because and then basically your body is deciding through protein synthesis. Where does the protein to go right like preparing your eyes are preparing your stomach lining, you know, so you know they all
your body is constant deteriorating and being rebuilt your skin to Oregon, you know and you know and so it's having to re mobilise back into this building box, you know? You know, ask that branch chain, you know, approaching again to figure out where it needs to go to rebuild. And
because
of that
there's actually a few studies starting to come out where protein, you may only actually digest uh You know, 2 to 3 calories instead of like four. So it's actually less calories than your body can only absorb so much having to use it constantly, if that makes any sense.
there's a handful of studies out there um where it's like, you know, you had a lot of fat that can benefit from intermittent fasting.
However, at the end of the day, you cannot
lose weight if you're not in a calorie deficit, all these fad diets, effectively, they're just making it a fun way to restrict your capitals. Now, I'm not gonna say if you eat a certain amount of Doritos that falls under your index and you're gonna feel great and you still need to get
your nutrients. But effectively that's all they are
now with the protein thing I need to try some it's a little bit higher calorie protein
but I got a sample that was delicious. Um Since the six teamed up in some walmart tackle cold stone creamery protein shakes that are ice cream shakes, protein shakes you know you can mix it with milk or you can just do water. I do water just get the calories and it they shake up a lot easier. But um I mean yeah there's tons of stuff they're still coming up with studies N. C. P. I. You know
I mean they like picture of it on Youtube. He's
really cool. He's really simple. He breaks things down really easily.
He uses in all of his research based stuff. It's nothing but scientific studies that you will go down. Um And yeah he's really good to watch. Um Christine
is another one that's super cheap and everybody should be taking. Um Not only doesn't help with muscle uh energy level and stuff like that. It also has been shown to help people with A. D. H. D. Some stuff with depression like there I mean that's entry level stuff but what has been proven is it actually does uh passing the blood brain barrier. It's one of the
few supplements that does you know it's not like you know you know uh engine sri bark or something like that. Where there's not a lot of science
behind it creating protein powder. Are some of the most well researched supplements actually exist. But do you have anything you wanna ask me?
and you can listen to them. Do you want me to try to go through the different names? I don't know if you were typing them off her
uh picture fit. Um um A really good one is uh for Denmark out stuff. I mean there's tons of stuff athlete X. Um
He has a few million subscribers. He he's a licensed physical therapist so you know he tells you workout that are safe, stuff like that. Um Yeah his real name is Jeff Cavaliere. But yeah so it's like a th lean ex you know um Rimington James is the food guy. So with his
stuff
he has a cookbook that he wants you to buy. Um But you know everybody's trying to make money you know where he breaks down. So you just have to watch the video and write down the measurements stuff you're not having to go through. You know now the thing that some people do in the comments, if you scroll
a little bit down they write down exactly what he used and how he used it. You know they simplify it but yeah but it's you know nothing is being headed, you know what I'm saying? Um Right I mean there's a few other good Youtubers out there, you know bodyweight stuff. If you don't have any equipment at home, there's tons of body weight stuff you can do it and just limbering up stuff like that. Also um recently I can't because I don't have a job
but um you use audible.
I understand that. You know like I definitely feel like something's
like
it really depends on how the person talks together, they just thrown on. You know I mean I like really using it for the car and I was just gonna say you get like two free audiobooks if you have amazon point, you know you want to download but Okay. Yeah. I wish you love with
everything.
I
want
something.
there was uh I know google has a few things, research stations, you can get a digital marketing, anything, you know? Uh I mean to affair my boss, he literally was about, he got out like he got his bachelor's right at the end of like, no, not the end but kind of like in the middle of the recession
that
we just had
before
and he said screw it, I'm gonna go from my Masters because they at least all my master's, hopefully this stuff will end.
You know, obviously it's easier said than done, but possibly the recession going through, it might be better to have that masters. And I'm saying we're getting to, you know obviously that's you know look up some states have different programs that will give you cash back if you're
if
you have
mhm. You know if you if you teach in a area, a poor area or something like that they'll give you money back. Um I don't know this. I know they're doing for dentists, my friends if you're willing to
teach
it.
Uh I don't know if you're willing to work as a dentist. Uh A tribe of native american reservation. They'll give you they'll pay almost everything. So maybe possibly doing teaching with that. But I want you love with everything. I hope that your room come together quickly that you your family, your friends all stay safe during this trying time. But I think after we end this we go do a little survey. Right
Um Well you have to pay just exit out. Okay nice to get to the Mumbai