It's going all right. How about your,
but
the state?
no,
no, my third
anchor
sounds the same to me.
Um, getting ready to go back to work. Yeah. Mhm.
I'm a teacher
art. Mhm,
destructive personality.
Just
peaceful. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. What I understand, we're coming back full time. Yeah. Just make sure as socially distance as possible, but defending and so young, I don't know how that's because they need
engagement and time with interact with each other since that's what a lot of preschool activity is. So I just don't know how well that's going to go, especially if someone gets sick. Yeah.
That's crazy.
Mhm. Um, this school provides this next room, but I think we might be doing something different where we keep the kids continue into one classroom. So every single meal they'll eat in the class and this match and they always eat and they're just in case One of the kids are said it would just be containing at one posh room so. Okay.
Um Though is have about with each bless and I'd rather spend that time getting my actually done early because I have a long time hat and I switched rooms um from last year. So it's it's gonna be a different layout. It's just gonna take a lot more time figuring out what's the best set up for this whole situation. Because we're gonna have to get rid of like uh media areas where kids consider weed and stuff like that. So my set up originally claiming this. So that's why I mean
he said
pretty good.
august night, I forgot today it's it's soon. Yeah.
I got a back shores.
No
I don't think so. I just know it's encouraged that you can take your every once you got back channels.
Mhm. Yeah I'm definitely open to other grades but I'm barely contemplative that little ones right now. It's just the content area. It's not uh doesn't have a lot of job offering so I can't be expect more choosing as I would like.
but I'm still seeking other certifications in different content areas just so I can keep my job openings. Uh Mhm.
Thanks.
Yeah. No actually no actually I'm trying to be served by more general education so the text to the test I'm hoping it takes is going to get me certified to teach police hold through the third grade. So that opened a lot more doors. Said no. Yeah.
I
think texas does that tube. I've just been so focused on other things.
Yeah,
unfortunately.
Yeah. There's, I have a few parts in my area. I just rather not risk it. I just, just seeing people out and partnering and just hanging out and just going in groups. I'm just rather just stay home where it's safer not risk it.
Yeah, It's been about 100 every day. So I'm just used to it.
thank you.
Yeah. Okay. Not really. I feel like I've just been mainly watching just random movements. Yeah. You need to, to,
I'm comfortable.
I've heard of it and I've seen some Youtube videos point, I've sat down with launch it. I think it's definitely interesting premise to the whole superhero genre.
Thank you. Mhm. That's
I just think it is. I used to but I haven't really thought back into it. I know I enjoy it's just guys have been really animated that okay I've been particularly interested in.
No.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Just take it.
I think
you're thinking
Mhm.
Yeah.
What?
Mhm.
No I don't really watch any sports, I've never been to interested in them.
Was it I think I saw a picture he's doing something with sharks I think.
it's pretty cool.
What you're looking
for?
distracted.
I was trying to say yeah.
and I'm mostly just like
just
just like reading mostly um just browsing the web is you just find so many interesting things on the internet. Uh Really just besides netflix and Youtube a lot too, then it's not really too much I do in my free time.
for something
also,
you know?
Speaking
of which?
Thank you.
it is difficult.
thank
you.
I do try to cook sometimes. Um I definitely interested in baking. I love bacon cakes, cookies on such uh but healthy pizza does sound good, it's just I'm not a big cheese person. I know, I know vegan is um it's like a big thing and hugs being healthy, but the idea of like being a big inches in the pizza sees kind of hard and I haven't found a cheese that I really enjoy so just kind of different for
No,
no but just eating healthier scenes definitely like a good thing. I know veganism is just definitely a step and there are at least just better alternative than a technical diet. So
hopefully.
this
Which
exists?
Thank
you. Thank you.
oh you're fine. It's very interesting.
66.
Super.
Probably.
Four.
this
is
it,
Yeah that's definitely very interesting. I've never been into the whole protein shakes like what kind of they don't want tasty but just definitely interesting to see how the body process is just all the different things we put into it and how just really there's such a big science behind it that like I knew there's a science behind it but I never took the time to really understand it and to seek out that information so it can benefit myself. So it's just definitely gave me a lot of folks about what macros and micros that I really need to focus. This is just so easy to just do this dumb like fad diets and just eat like salads and just fruit and just restrict your calories which I know it's boring but just really focus on what nutrients you need. So
thank you.
it's
What?
No.
Mrs
Thanks.
thank
you.
please.
What
what
So what's the difference? Yeah I think I think he just gave me a lot of stuff to think about. I'm more of a thinker than offer as you. So, it's just a lot of more these two videos for today. Just definitely some more research as I also think about my classroom, so yeah. Yeah.
It's not respectful of the word. God. All right. I'm ready for the names. Yeah.
Yeah.
What
happened to this place?
That's
I'm
not not a big auto fan. I don't like listening, but I like reading books. It's just there's something about just a stranger, but the same appealing to
I
don't know.
You
made it. Yeah. Yeah. You too. Especially your degree, man. I know I want I want to
go for a
bastard,
but this is probably a good time that worked on setting with everything going on. Oh. Mhm.
Hey was
it
you
push?
my.
Just open the west.
What?
We need your help?
They
told
me.
We'll just go back to the original uh screen and then we're good to go. Uh