okay here we are. Sure I right,
are you?
Can you hear me okay?
Let's say you see
better.
Oh there Derek, I just couldn't hear you. I'm terry.
It's Ryan said Ryan Sherry.
sorry I was what? Cleaning house,
working? Banking and uh it's been barely made it. So what have
you been
doing
today?
and
are you, Where do you live?
Yeah, michigan michigan wow, Utah
colleague city.
well four o'clock, what time is it there? Yes, it's six.
uh daylight savings when that comes in actually on Halloween will we'll fall back an hour so then it will be
three o'clock care of that. Yeah,
we got we got to think about it
but three
second delay. Huh?
Yeah that's going to be hard but it's okay. So is this your first chat?
second
you're ahead of me.
So
how
is that?
no, I think, I think what it is, I think, you know, with all this pandemic stuff and, and the political, you know uproar and everything, I think it has something to do with how you're going to react when you meet somebody that you don't know anything about surprise, you know, and then um how, how, how the human relationship is now, I guess, you know, I mean, I would think that's because because of the fact that we're not giving any, you know groundwork whatsoever where we're going to talk about or who we're gonna know who we're going to see and how we're going to, you know, that kind of a, I mean that's what I would think because you know, they're gonna be videotaped as they, they say that they're gonna go, you know, So I can't imagine wells,
I
can't
what possibly be marketing. Right, okay. They send
us so anyway, I guess. Um and
I don't
know,
so,
well,
big time bed time
we're back.
We're bad. We've got this um, you know, Utah is above it. We live in in our own little reality. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. They didn't tell us not to talk politics religion, but you know, this is mormon, this is mormon country. And then on the opposite side of that pendulum, its greatest snow, what we used to be the greatest snow on earth. So it's the ultimate
party people and then mormon. So it's an interesting place to be.
Uh huh. It was really funny because we had an earthquake out here about, I mentioned this in my last chat, we had an earthquake out here probably three months ago. And we have a mormon temple with the angel moroni on top and he has a, he has a trumpet. And on the final days when it when you know when God calls everybody back, you're supposed to blow the trumpet but dropped it during the earthquake. What's
my
favorite, my favorite Utah? And then people look at Raglan,
that's like the most damage that happened in the whole state.
I know. Yeah, I know I have a movement, you know, I haven't even looked to see if you got it back, but I'm sure I mean if there was some, you know, intervention and I guess
was
what did you think? What you're doing? Is that a year or a bad idea According to you?
What's
that? You imagine having your childhood memories of being scared to death at school and wow. You know, originally
this is not, I have, I have an opinion, I have an opinion. How long have we been doing this now? We've been doing this since
what March, they said that, you know? Okay so so we've got like what 10 to 14 days um
incubation period. I know, okay right now they use the National
Guard to take care of emergencies and everybody goes to hell home, stay there, go shopping, You got three days to stop, stay on for 30 days, you can't leave if you come out just like they did, you know, you come out without a mask and you have a good reason then you're going to get a ticket and mean it and then do this to just do this for 30 40 days and then be done
instead
of work.
I'm not
I know, I mean a bit of wood and you could just like, it's like it's like ripping the back rip that sucker off, you know?
But I'm 54 years after the old, so it's like, you know, I'd rather just I'd rather bite the bullet and have my life back.
Are
we good?
I know people,
that's what you and mirror on this, doing this right here, because that's what we do, It's amazing. And I just I just I get so frustrated and then everyone goes, you know what blows my mind, I got this, this is this is what I've been picking up today, so, and I do keep up on politics and losing all this, so, I'm watching this and they're like, they're going to give us a curfew. I'm like, that's brilliant. So let's take this consolidated amount of time that everybody has to, like go out and do their thing. So let's like compression all of the people together instead of I think they should open it 24 7 so people can want, you know, and they set it up instead of like mhm It's Tuesday and I'm not I am not that brilliant, but come on, I'm speaking. I'm
thinking,
I know. I know. I feel like maybe there that maybe maybe they want to kill us. So maybe that this is a population reduction, the different planning for, you know, it's it's not a holocaust, but it's definitely like population reporting on purpose or something. It's like rap,
I'm in a
gram each. You're making me thirsty. Uh Where do you go?
Here
we go? Uh It's not anything fancy. It's a energy drink, but it's the glass,
that's that, it's
grape.
It was
boring
back,
I used to fight, I was in the middle of starting a new airline. So I was I was turning into a real real flight attendant I was
flying
with. Yeah and I obviously since I was like in my second week of retraining you know because every airline she gotta do we were training um Yeah I ended up coming home and watching the airport go it's a bummer because I used to get to go
you know you everywhere I was on my way to like working with Skywest. I was trying to get on with United so I could fly internationally but that's that actually sounds like a like I'm kidding huh? Right now international you know no one wants us anymore
so
I don't know. What
did you
do?
No.
Really? I mean you have yeah they talk about I mean the air is recirculated, I mean there's no way they're gonna like take that Aaron like filter the virus out. I mean they're advertising empty seats, you're sitting next to you so what you're sharing it with everybody.
Yeah I'm going to be the last one called back but that's you know and then I then I'll probably have to start all over again and training it's like six weeks but just making ends meet right now. I mean unemployment think oh my gosh want to hear something ridiculous. I hadn't been there so I qualified for $98 a week. Okay when we were giving us the extra 600 that was great but within 98 hours a week was $2 away from getting the extra 300 with trump
flowers. And they did they wouldn't argue it to me. You know
I got was like where
I mean why did they put why did they capture at 100? You don't make $100 in unemployment. You don't get yes for 300. How about if you make 300 unemployment you'll get things with. I just and for the life of me I just can't figure out why what are we doing?
I
don't
know.
I know.
You
know and
And
the whole
nesting that's
not critical.
Well if they give us
money
will support
the businesses because they could give the business is all the money they want you. All right.
I
mean how are they going to stay open if we don't have any money to
spend their. Yeah. That's a fishy going on. There's a fish. Yeah.
How
many times
have you
been about the airlines? Because no one could travel. I you know I had to go personally invested. I've invested there but and they're
not
giving me that much. They're not holding on to be very well you know I just, yeah so what do you do for them and what's your occupation
to compare
I worked
on?
You sure?
way.
I know it years ago that's what you do is you supply
to home office because that's what I'm that's what all this right now I'm kind of like rearranging everything. I got offered some huge repositions because I have a degree in psychology and and uh in english so obviously I literally you know I can talk so I'm going to try and tutor you know I mean I'm up all the bloody night anyway
now
because
it's like I
want to be
awake but nobody else you do everybody. I mean like the english is usually more you get a lot more in the evenings because it's it's people that are learning to speak english and I mean a lot of people are online classes now and so they're not getting the one on one that they would get in a classroom. I mean, I, I know, I mean, just having the commodity with my, I knew more about my professors that I did my fellow students when I was in college, you know, because I was very into the learning, you know, and yeah, I mean, they just, they need somebody to relate to, it's, you know, uncomfortable, that's not because they are for the poor teachers and professors, you know, they're just like, you know, strung out the very last moment they have because they are and I mean, I I did really well with online
learning and I would like to be able to help somebody else with that too. I mean, but you need to, they were doing right here. I mean, this is what I would be doing to somebody from Japan or from
a from Saudi Arabia or wherever, you know what I mean? And normal conversation with you english that they would be using it, you know, if they were communicating in the States and so I mean fortunately they have more money in interest in the job
so
they could
have
ordered
up
if
I got a note. Yeah, I bought a movement.
Yeah. So hell yeah. Oh
it's
great because because I'm having a riot. Yeah, I mean I get cooked up. I just got under there and nobody's on them now. That's good
and, and you know, yeah, I don't get on the freeway but I can cruise around, you know, in the city and everything and it's, it's okay, you know, it keeps me away from everybody and, and uh it's friendship. Um yeah, I remember the airport and I have been a townhouse.
So up and down into my area is stairs and I take care of my mom is 84. So when I need, I do get out of here. Yeah. I'm not married. I I've never had kids. So I don't have those ties. That's kind of nice. But
you
know,
it
is
The
video.
Yeah. And I'm the only one in the car. I'm the only one here that cooks. And I, we got another roommate from here. So it's like,
I am, I'm house, I'm landlord on the housekeeper and cook. Yeah. Every, I don't really have time to get bored. But that's what, that this is great because it's like nobody can call me. No one can come up to my room so we can do any leave all the clothes on the stairs so no one can get up here.
I was
like, maybe,
you
know,
Well,
well,
it's not,
everything.
I'd be state of video cameras, I would do it, you know?
But you know, I mean really, you can keep your business and you could really, really modify things to where you're catering to the home office because
that's that's the I don't think people are going to want to go back. Yeah, I mean, I think it's I mean it's difficult. Well, michigan isn't that that's the that's the car place.
I
love
it.
Was what city is it?
really? That's all actually looking in on my college. It was in Grand
rapids.
good reputation there. Yeah.
But you don't think michigan, you think flint, you know,
obviously Michael? Uh
Already.
Yeah, it's completely the opposite. The east side is where you want to live. The east side. Is that by the mountain? These theories are to the west side is out here by the airport and it's all like ducky and Yeah, but I mean it has, I mean, it has improved. That's just because the residents here, you know? But it's like, he doesn't count, you go two blocks this way or to blocks this way. It scares the shit out of you. Yeah, I didn't just six year old, you know, a little community where everything is great. But all the homeless people are down there because there's no stores or anything up here. It's just home. So that's how you get away. You're
in it, you're
you're okay,
Yeah, you're right. Yeah. And California has been like that for you. I'm originally from California. So it's been like that forever. I mean, you're in inglewood and he lights up and then you're in, you know, Manhattan village, which is like one of the most expensive areas and then to adapt Formosa is a yeah, it's amazing. But people do stick in their little and their communities like that. So how is the house, the political scene there? And I won't ask you what your political affiliation isn't that you want to share? But I'm curious with you.
I'm hearing it.
So I just I just guessed your affiliation.
I heard I hear that they're losing that the republicans are losing a lot
of trump's support right now because of this. And
I mean I have family,
that's
because
there you go, thank you. I still have relatives that are like, and I'm like, wait a minute you went to college,
you're smart.
I mean, how can you make I mean, I like you once as a teenager and you never forgave me. I mean, how is this happening? I'm still paying for that little like that. I came home at 11 and it was actually 30 12, you know?
And you know,
you
know, who's right,
Romney, as you talk, Romney is Utah right, Can you imagine the car going on here right now with this? Oh,
and and you know, amazingly enough, churches does not seem to be supporting the republicans, which they always do because they're incorporating, you know? But there, you know, they have to explain to their members that they're telling, you know, tell the truth, take care of, You know, I mean, they are straight um you can't even drink soda pop for coffee because it's like caffeine. It, I mean, they can't, I mean that's a that's a really hard position for these poor
people
to be.
And I mean
and
I
don't
know
but
Yeah. Dad. I mean they get what do they mean? Seriously they have chaperones until the 18. I mean you are yes you are not. And so they can't support the things that are being said and done. I mean they just can't and they just you know, I mean on a I you know, I don't want to I don't want to be
a color blind but it's like so they had the vision and now the blacks get to hold the priesthood and everything else and so now they've accepted that and so with the other interests, I mean they are really stuck between a rock and a hard place there. So we're going to have a brand new Republican party. I'm sure. I mean we got it. Did you see the commercial with the elephant in the donkey?
Remember that? The funky elephant monkey comes, he wants to sit in the middle and they go better.
Well
covered.
Five.
deep.
Anything I advertise it to the definitions, I looked up the definition of liberal and I kind of liked it because it was open minded. It said uh willing to under this uh because I never claimed to be a little either. I claim to be moderately that kind of in the middle of it because I think we can build from both and like everybody used common sense instead let's have the common sense party. That's who's got the most intelligent plan. That's what I want, you know?
Because
it
is it's good. Yeah, it's like everybody's remember, okay here here it is. This. I have I'm funny in my opinion. So do you remember dr Seuss remember
on
the
beach they had stars upon ours, then they went to the machine. There you go. If that isn't what's going on and we need to just get it mixed up so no one knows who stars upon it.
I know he was a brilliant man when you think about I mean and everything that he did it with the authorities another but the stars are brothers. I love it. And Horton hears a who and all that. It's such a I mean remember those lessons from when we were
Children we
would probably doing a lot better because there's so much wisdom in Children's stories.
You know what I mean?
Can we be designed those your kids something that we're not following through? I'm not I mean
you know what I mean? There's nobody's really paying attention anymore. It's like,
I
don't
know, I don't know how I mean.
So
Elbert
naked
you.
I have a theory why
when we were, when we were young we heard stories of, you know in Russia, they could just walk into your house. I mean, I don't know if your customer ID and then you have these freedoms and stuff. But we only heard stories we didn't get to see. They are online. They meet people in china. They meet people and many people from all over the world all the time. So these are real people to them. This isn't just a fight and you know, this is reality for them and the whole world is there a real, you know when we
just we had here staying in stories, we went on blind faith. But these guys actually live this all the time. So it's like I can only imagine what they think of the ridiculous bull that's getting you know what I mean?
The next
So I think they're more worlds you didn't
read. I
mean I traveled to love it. I think I think they actually have connections to the rest of the world that we never even dreamed
and
you know.
thank you.
Yeah. They don't have the same barriers we had. We had you know.
I mean can you imagine, I mean their vines have got to be working a lot different than ours too. I mean
were there?
Yeah. They are probably
They're probably removed they emotionally removed a little
bit from us. Like we were left more emotional. But if you they have their, you know they have their what matters, you know and what's kind of matter in their world is going to be different than ours. So we have to like it suggests where the generation gap comes into it. It's like her values are well she my values shouldn't be like sure because I have a different inherited different world that
so
I do not having Children kept me open there a little bit you know I don't have the same invest. You do but you got it you know I care.
but not like you do. I mean you you that's your that's your that's your offspring cat
cat.
I'm going to do a lot better as long as long as we don't blow it. As long as we don't like well what about your friend? You can't do it
and
process.
Yeah. Yeah. I was so amazed the other day I was online and and and there was music that I was listening to and there was a star bomba and I was like and it was after they announced that Russia had finally released the classified video of this Sorbonne but which is the biggest nuclear weapon ever
ever deployed in in the world. And I watched that video and I was like
I
couldn't believe
it.
I
had never heard of it. Never heard of in school never.
And I mean I'm up on and run. It's T. S. A. R. Bomba. Ok. And it was it was holy member just looking at the oh yeah I'm sure you feel emotional about
it because it blew my mind and uh huh. And I thought how funny did they release this? Just as we're getting to our you know to our uh and it happened in 1960 was at 60 M 68. No no no no. Yeah 1960 maybe it was really early. It is still to this day the biggest one ever
that made it kind of. Yeah. You think we know that.
It's
her.
Is she sir bomba? I mean really? It's like the negative. Yeah. You find it interesting.
It doesn't give you a stomachache. You don't know any. It's not the nuclear area. Oh yeah, it was easy.
Good.
Do you mind if I ask how what your age
is? How crazy. Really? I got like 10 years on you. I feel all these days I don't really feel that old. I mean I look cool today but for the most part people, people usually gets me in my early forties and so that's pretty cool you know, but
I didn't get much
and
but
Yeah.
Oh
no, in february I'll be 55. Yeah.
My mom was right. My parents said when you hit 21 here like the wind.
Have you noticed
that?
I
am.
Yeah. I think they're going to be like, God you're old,
how
do you like
that?
Uh huh And student price. Uh huh. One of the girls I went to school. Okay. All my friends are grandma but you know she had, I was when I was I was married for a couple years and I was meant for and she called me the other day, she goes, you know blair drinks and I go uh she's freaky. And I said, well I don't know because she's 24 years old now and I'm like ah Oh wow. I mean my friends have kids that are it is, you know, and then they put the little thing at the liquor store that tells that you know people their legal and that they were born in the eighties
hey.
Oh, I know.
Yes, yes. He was 30. Uh so it's like, yeah, I I got myself ready 19 something on a newspaper event. 2000 to 2020. Yeah. What do you remember when we had the 1999? It was going into
the year 2000
and that his wife UK
everybody
freaked
out.
I wish I could have that kind of pandemonium again, instead
of this.
I don't know how I, I mean, yeah, I mean we're talking to one of my friends today, he was a DJ and we're like talking about the politics and everything and we realized that, I mean, even, okay, way back when they had other pandemics. But you look, you look at the where the world is now with technology and I mean it's shocking that, I mean this is like we're going to be in history, You know, I mean we're going to be like in the books then it's gonna be a big deal
to.
It's like
the biggest
they
didn't know
anything
arctic
ocean.
And then
and it's
not at all.
Okay. Yeah. I mean were they they have like mental doing some gas in the african,
They're breathing or was it because they started to legalize that walking to back it all over the damn place.
God knows what they're getting for.
I mean
Well if there isn't 40 years from now maybe they will be like maybe they will have been kicked in the head because of what we're too
because it skips a couple of generations. You know like like losing your hair and on the other hand, skips. I hope not you
imagine. Hello Hannah. You know they talk about the even the post and I think I think that's us coming back to try and fix that. We screwed
up
because
physics
proves that you I can tell you but you can't go ahead. So I think they're coming back to try and fix the mistakes.
it's been nice.
Yeah. I know I know I mean I don't remember being locked down remember voluntarily locking down but I don't remember them telling us we had to do anything to you.
I mean and they keep coming back like you know there's like slavery they were forcing. No but I think they should. Yeah.
Well what
it
is
At
what?
Yeah. You know they have been in Italy and they got rid of it but then they opened up too soon and we're like open up to you see men were the fastest we're America we redo the crisis passed as you and watch you say we'll die twice as bastion. But yeah I mean they said idea but then they went nuts, you know what I mean? And then and then there's my family's from Norway so the Norwegians have a thing against the Swedes alright, we do general but again and this week, second vice versa. Just it's a comedy, it's like 100 of them speeds being chased by one Norwegian, you know and the Swedes did the herd their thing and uh you have some Scandinavian and and they we did the herd, they did the herd thing but now they're like backing off to go back but you've got to remember, you know, they have better health care, they live healthier lives, they eat healthy foods. I mean herd mentality there are telling
that's what they're doing that the immunity thing there is a lot different than if you do it here because here they fast food, everyone's, you know, the Utah, the majority of remember overweight, I mean they're not healthy, they don't exercise. I
mean
it's
going to
be our
well, yeah, I mean I have asthma and I had to go to the hospital. Okay. I could not be in a heavy, I couldn't get a treatment
for like
two hours. I
tested me for over three times in the hospital because bye bye oxygen rocks and I could, they let me breathe the oxygen, but they won't let me put the medicine in it. And I'm, you know, I'm prepared now because I can't, if we, if it goes any further than it is, I won't be able to go to the hospital.
I mean, you break your arm, you're not going to the hospital. I mean they are and they don't, people don't realize that they understood themselves. You know, it's like where your damn mask and then we can, you know, that we have a problem. We can get, you know, with filling up the hospital I saw with the covid
area
looked like and that was the most intimidating. And I had asked me since I was six and I was intimidated. They had, you know, the bed that comes out of your dryer. I think that about the size of your car and put that right into a wall into the double there and then they tape it up and you can hear them, You can hear the man. I ain't never
seen.
I was like
hot.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, because I mean I was right there because they didn't know and I was having such bad breathing problems because, and they still wouldn't give me a treatment. And so I was there ready to go in there And I know and it was the most, I mean it was a snap in the face of reality. I mean, people don't realize if our hospitals are filled. You know, my, my oxygen dropped into the seventies. My lips were trying to bring my attitude. And just a couple weeks ago, they won't, they won't treat you in an ambulance. I mean I was a may, I was like freaked out because I've had it since I was six. So this was not, this wasn't a currency that was like out of the, or I mean
it went to year
maybe
overcoming
it.
Well they don't know. The doctor comes in looking like something from a, from, uh, the predator because it's the truth. But then then they got the registration. People have just got a regular surgical and I'm thinking, wow, no wonder. And I mean, you know, I mean, I was, they're not treating people. I mean, you, you have really got to have a problem in order for them to do anything for you because they're so, it was amazing.
I mean, a
kid, I was wondering how to make it because I couldn't breathe, you know? And yeah, so we need to start thinking about, you don't want to end up in the hospital because what really end up with that. You're gonna end up in a, a pot and caught in a cubicle with no help. What you're gonna have. There's gonna be some army guy coming in to ask you if you need to show. Uh,
Really? Yeah. It looks like we've been, we've been at it for 40
minutes.
be sold, spread the word. We got to get rid of this. Let's just tell everyone go home and stay there for 30 days and then we'll see you next month and we'll be all
happy.
I really like, hey, take