Hey? What's going on, man?
Trying to get this money?
Oh, I'm just here. So I don't get fined going on, man. I don't even know what the hell is supposed to talk about.
You
hear
it?
You ain't never lie there. Yeah, Yeah. 25 minutes on this. Damn. Cut down. An hour and overtime protection.
Uh see my spot gets over time so shit. I can't get over time at home in my bed though. So
Here we are getting this 15 things like conversion.
I don't know what the hell you at, but
Delaware. Right
now. Keep in florida. I go to Tampa all the time. Yeah, no man up here. I am tired of shit too.
We understand. We're on the east coast.
I,
I just washed the american public schools. No, I was just at work all day. Do overtime today actually. So anything popped up, it was like, hey, you got this video chat, all that shit.
Oh yeah, I almost has been like 12 cents like. All right, Sure. I like coke, Whatever. Uh This came to I was like, all right
Michelle.
Yeah, I mean, I ain't gonna lie. I got like 85 off of it.
Yeah. So I'm like, I'm not mess.
So that one heart up for 15. I was like CMS. Yeah,
I didn't I didn't do shit in november, but like december. Um I put the extension at work too. That's where I work. I was like, oh that pops up. I was like, hey, I'll be back y'all.
But
right. They come in. She just fucking around watching netflix. So
um survey junkies.
So I just started that one last week, right? All the surveys seem to be all right, but they take a minute to do Like, like 15 and 20 and 25. I don't have it.
Yeah. Although a little extra bear money or whatever. eight The cellphone trip.
I've done worse for less. Yeah.
You did a focus group.
responded.
Never heard of that one. No. I try to do the whole transcription thing for a minute there.
no. Yeah you just you just type, yeah but you gotta rewind it because half the time. Mhm. It sounds bad. You
have to take um you had to take like a test first and nobody gets that test right Like 10 15% before you can even do it. And then you get like the really awful ones at first. Then it gets better. So I mean one of my friends does it and she gets like 200 a week off of it.
Yeah she just doesn't like 40 hours at home. Wait.
she's a transcriptionist like she does for work work. So she was just like yeah whatever I do it, I got turned down for it and it's like you can apply in 45 days. I don't care that much. You guys. Yeah. Shit.
Oh I'm analyst. Yeah
surveys, surveys where respondents. Yeah for like schools. So uh do comparisons and standard deviation Seeing, you know if they suck or not,
people buy my survey reports. I don't I don't get what they pay for them. Okay people schools pay like Anywhere from 2015004. I don't get that. But that's what the great form so there it worse, it's a way to semi is my degree I guess counts. Mhm.
Oh shit. No mathematics. Yeah no I was I was really bad at accounting.
We'll see. Accounting
has shit to do with math. It's like all organizations organized. Uh huh. Ma nah. Um Yeah math and logistics. It's what I got a good reason so I was about to be a teacher and being an extra takes way too long so.
Oh actuaries get paid out the ass like entry level. They're like 82.
Well 082. Oh yeah it's double me.
facts. You're not seeing any millionaires at this by uh like but have you taken any of the tests?
I figure for real if you don't start trying to be an actuary by 30 just give up. It's 10 tests. Um it's 10 years to get like to fellowship. Um I took the first two tests and like Oh you have to pay like $160 attest to. So like if you fell it you have to pay $150 again you don't have to do a math degree to do it. Like you just do it. You do a math or economics or. All right. Um Business analytics. If you do that then you'll get paid too. Like I'm getting I'm getting my second bachelor's and that because they get paid, they paid sore. Nobody
didn't.
Adam
was
business um analytics
or big data analytics is what a couple of schools call it too. And there's only like 13 schools in the country that do it and there's like two in florida to do it because I was gonna move down there with my home people like I said I got friends in Tampa so down all the time. I keep trying to get me to move down there florida.
Was that?
I am. It's 2020 at this point. I imagine getting degree online
right? I mean I got um I got my logistical mostly online. Like my last two semesters was online. I I don't think you want to do an online college or anything like that
like you don't want to do like the variety university or any shit.
But
but if your
school
yeah if your school has school then you're good to go so yeah don't don't do that. I work
in student
those
Yeah I was like I can't do anything about degree like you got it from a place that was behind the subway like nothing you can do at this point. Yeah. Yeah. What are you like far south florida? Are you like
said but you from from Miami?
okay. Yeah like one of my friends at the station with was in Liberty City like that's where he was from so. Yeah. Oh that's legit then so you don't really do cold or anything like that? Huh?
real talk. I was I was down there um and I went to Tampa hard rock Or whatever the casino is home remember? Um but it was like last December and it went the like 61. They were tripping.
I was like look I was like when I fly back because I fly into philadelphia when I come back home, when I fly back it is right now negative two degrees. My jean like you are tripping out here but I get it. Yeah I mean I was stationed I was stationed in Vegas and I was stationed in California so you get acclimated to that. Yeah 60 will be cold to you real fast on it so but I had an ex girlfriend in Minnesota too and like 40 would be real warm to them like it'll hit summer for like 2.5 months and then 0 -20 day out there in the hot tub. Okay.
I was like you know we're the tropical people. I'm not doing any of that shit right there.
Yeah. I took two, there's 10 tests in total. Um
um As long as you have your bachelor's. Yeah. Yeah because that kind of shows them that you're like serious about it Because you know you've dropped 320 on some tests. Their artists like it was probability and financial, financial something around there, it was P. And F. M. So you know if you can do compound interest and if you can do like simple like combinatorics and all that, you know it's hard, right?
You should have done it in like 8th grade like that's how that Shit was. But
I mean if you're gonna do it for real um Study on it for about six months, like just get refresher because like when when you're in that ecosystem then you know, you're doing those problems all the time. But if you haven't done it for a minute
you got to get back into it. So yeah right Because when I when I went back to school to do this data analytics, I like Matthew is kind of my thing right? Like Aldo and capitalism like seventh grade. Like no issues. Yeah. I was like, I don't remember how to do the rift. Like calculators do this for me now. I don't remember any of this. Uh But yeah, if you can do that, I don't know what the Miami outlook is on um actuaries because I imagine that's probably in high demand so their pay might be a little lower. Like
if all the people.
Oh
that's
what?
I think I think 81 might be on low end.
I'm just trying to get the 50. I'm a simple dude. You know just get the
50.
No if I get 50 I'm golden. Let's do this. All right. Especially up here because it's really expensive up here so well right between them New york city and I mean all the major cities are with
you know like D. C. And new york city and Phillies right right there. I'm within two hours of that Baltimore. So all those big wheels are there?
Regular house. Um If you want to not be in like a shitty neighborhood quarter mil.
Yeah I think I'm I don't know about Miami but no Tampa's Cost of living was 6% lower than where I'm at.
Yeah. So I hear Miami is one of the more expensive cities but you're fucking Miami so
I hear the driving down there is kind of treacherous.
Was that
real talk? All right. So I moved out here from Indiana. Um, Indiana is a shit hole by the way. Never, never do it. Um, but I moved out here from Indiana and so let me go ahead and get this car insurance. You know, we were a little $105 a month or whatever. Nothing. Nothing. Crazy. Full coverage, Nah
man, 3 25
among I have no accidents,
nothing. I'm like,
like my car was like nine years old. What are you doing to me right here? I was like, mm this is, but I live in by the worst neighborhoods
up here though. So maybe after or something. I live
I live in a neighborhood
where
people take surveys for extra money. That's, that's where I'm at, right? Oh,
hmm. So I go to sleep where we at, what Was it
was 20
minutes or 25 minutes I forgot.
Oh, you got a car?
Oh, there we go.
I got 17, 17 1/2. You cool, you cool people. There you go folks. I ain't going. I was hoping to get a woman, but you
know,
I feel like
let's see, let's see what kind of can we get out here? My luck's never like that though.
My math classes, there was none. I was like, damn, can I get
what?
I had a teacher that was hot. I was like,
what's really good But not this, There's none. Yeah. It's the only black person half the glass is, it's just like, hey, should you be playing basketball? Like I do that too. But I can also run these numbers now hey.
What
are you
doing jeremy
man.
Well I mean really talk you can probably just fake it at this point. You know I you see me right? I got numbers just hire right now.
Yeah. Yeah I
should
no discount. Come on get that discount man. I mean I also play sports but oh two got that. He was funny too because they'll be like these little nerdy little little white dude petrified
of
me being in there anyway. Like you're
I don't want no parts of your little lunch money. You're all right man. Try to get this degree too. So uh huh But you know how they be sometimes man sure hey races but good. Oh I like chinese food. Fuck out talking to me. My favorite
rapper Snoop Dogg. Like I'm I'm from the south so I know how that games play. Like I'm from Virginia. We
got infected.
they say
that principle area. That little panhandle is just nothing to be played with. So Mhm. I don't know. I ain't real talk though. Either one of us. You're not going to really escape it that much unless
you go
coast. So where is it going to be less crazy at? Because California was legit. My double
Cool. It is expensive as all hell. One of my friends um he does software security out there. He makes like 200,000 and he is broke.
You
like
He has a decent studio and he pays like 3500 for it. What you like? I'm thinking about getting roommates move man. Yeah.
Yeah. If I moved back home right now. What I'm making I'd probably be like the richest person in the county, right? Are you making 20 an hour? You're making good money. Word. Go to food line. Make my mind. Oh what
Yeah. What do you do?
You said you said you don't get
overtime.
Yeah. I used to cook a little girl that did that and like she made decent money like and you're at home so you'll have to sweat like a commuter notion.
And
benefits are good depending on what you get. You know, looking those GS jobs. I don't know what civil service like down there. But yeah, I mean if you can get one For the same shit you're doing now, you can probably count like 150% increase in my pay. Get
have you taken the civil services and yet?
Uh go ahead and look online for your state man. Get on the civil services there uh
down there. They have to go in somewhere. If you could just take it online. But that'll put your foot in the door right there. The only reason I haven't done it appears because dover, that's where the Air force bases up here and it's not close. It's like an hour away. I can walk to my job now in like 10 minutes. I'm good. So right. And they want to come up on to pay a little bit though. I can be sold for 50 k. easy. Yeah. Now look into that man. Look into that civil service.
I'm saving money
because as soon as I get this last degree, I'm a free agent, I am not tied to Delaware. I've only been here a few years. I like it here, you know, atlantic city's clothes and whether it's kind of temperate so I'm cool with it. But I will move. This is my 14 state. I can do number 15 ever.
I mean, if you got to be somewhere your whole life, Miami.
Yeah. It's not like being like little rock your whole life or some shit. So you in school now then 80
degrees.
I mean, you got a little bit of time left, like I'm 41. So you got a little bit of time left, Ma just do it soon.
You don't want to be, you don't want to be in a spot where all your supervisors are younger than you
chickens. All real fast. And now you get to go, man, you got plenty of time. I would say. Have you tried any of the uh um, coursera courses?
Get you a couple of significance. I think. Um I think they started charging for access. I think it's $50 either a month or a year. But either way like if you can you know parlay that into some type of employment that gives you some money
worth
it.
My my my credit hours are, It's like 219 a credit hour or something. Shit. So $50 a month
spent on Uber eats. So we're good. She say less. Yeah. I wonder what these questions are going to be about. Uh huh.
I'm kind of worried about that shit. Okay,
I'm at 26. My mind. Yo good team man, you good folks.
It would be easy.