SPEAKER_L: Okay, coming right? Yeah. Mhm Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah sure. Mhm Yeah crying Yeah. Mhm Mhm Yeah you Mhm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Thank Okay. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: good one second to get set up. Okay. So yeah I expect. Yeah. Sorry that
SPEAKER_L: No, it's ok.
SPEAKER_R: what about minutes? Four sure. Can you just keep them out of it and it's very hard. Don't done one of these before
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have them quite a few. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I've done I guess is the third one that successfully completed? Usually half the time they don't show up. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry you said this was your second one.
SPEAKER_L: no, I've done I think I've done about four of them so far.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What's your what's your ratio of shows? Two no shows.
SPEAKER_L: probably about actually most of them showed up. I only had like two instances in which somebody didn't show up.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty good. Well,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, not bad.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't get hopefully yeah hopefully. Yeah I'm like 50% at the time but the best I can the best I can figure is like don't select any don't ever select any morning hours. Don't select don't like anything that you think somebody would not be able to show up to. Like requires anybody especially for somebody who just does not operate on a schedule. So that's why I think three o'clock weekends maybe. Um Three o'clock is probably the best. I mean that's usually what they give you but anyway cool. I set a timer for 25 minutes so.
SPEAKER_L: Alright, cool. Yeah. So yes, on a few of these before, but like you said, I said minds off, so it's not too early or not too late. Crazy hours or anything like that. Yes. So what part of the world are you in the United States
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I'm in the U. S. Um So I'm in Houston about yourself Jersey. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty algae out today. It's one of these days, right? Don't feel like doing anything. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I'm in Houston so that's pretty much standard. Uh Pretty much the standard operating situation. Although it's I'm sure it's a lovely 90 degrees out today which is home. It was I guess it's not the summer but it's close
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: demands
SPEAKER_L: pretty hot, 90°..
SPEAKER_R: give me worse. Um So it's 90 degrees. You can actually go outside but sometimes it's worse than that. But anyway what so how long I guess obviously did this off of prolific. How long are actually what's the what's the limit on these per study? I guess there's different study cycles. I thought it was four. But I know is that like the total lifetime is for or
SPEAKER_L: that's a good question. Um I'm pretty sure it's like around
SPEAKER_R: one?
SPEAKER_L: um six or something. Around like six or 8 maybe. I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's a lot higher than I thought. So I just I don't know. I guess you could keep going until you don't get paid.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty much. I mean the last time they were running this study I um I think I maxed out. And then when I went to schedule another one, I thought I had one slot left it. Um They never sent me an email so that was good. So I pretty much you always done
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: at home.
SPEAKER_R: definitely got the field that you could uh that you could schedule an infinite more. You probably get scheduled more of these than they allow you for. But
SPEAKER_L: Probably.
SPEAKER_R: there was.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's not that bad but I mean it's up, you know, pretty good hourly waiting and everything, you know, I think it's like $15 or something.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not bad.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna switch uh switch the headset just cut down on the background noise. Um I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's no problem.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Kids are at home today so they're being real loud. Um I know you don't characters but um All right, we have to have three distinctive parts of this conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it looks
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: don't know because I did this yesterday and I'm like even though I've done one of these before, I guess I've done it a while back, I had just kind of forgotten the questions that they go along with it. But anyway, that's uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I normally just shoot from the hip with these, I don't even come in here with anything to say or talk about.
SPEAKER_R: no, I don't either, but I'm just saying as far as my ability to even remember like what was discussed. Um
SPEAKER_L: I guess um the main thing that um I usually discuss like the guy I was talking to yesterday was um he lived in Missouri or something and uh we just talked about like the weather and how cheap the property is out there because you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: had a property where I'm located. It's actually really expensive. But even just to rent an apartment, I have friends that are, you know, paying a lot of money like about Think like $1,000, yeah, a month for a rent New Jersey and I know new york's the same way, it's really expensive. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I guess it depends on where you live, but that's cool. But how long have you been on? A prolific,
SPEAKER_L: I think about a year and a half. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: wow. Um I'm really guess like six months. Um I don't know, I translate it is quite like translated into a number of studies. So I think I'm like over 200 approved, but I think honestly things like six months. So it's usually just, I just have it on the side when I'm working on other stuff, so it's um easy. Um I've gotten, I've gotten better about returning like the jug ones or or that was all right. Yeah, because that was, this was like, like this isn't going to hurt you. Like I know they say it doesn't hurt you, but I'm like, it's going to hurt you got to be something if you just like, because a lot of times I'm usually working on something else and so I'll forget that I even had uh you know, usually time out, but which will return it back, but of all that happens. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've had that happen quite a few times as well, like it will time out while I'm in the same situation of two monitors here and I'll be working on something, I'll just get up and leave and then I'll come back and say, oh, forgot I had a tab of prolific. Open what? Uh huh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now my my favorite one is like, I'll go reserve the spot and then I'll get working on to the nails and then I'm like getting whatever. It's fun. But yeah, I know the ones that are like, now that I'm like illiterate or anything, it's just the ones that require like a ton of writing and she's like, all right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I just what what what I keep forgetting to do is since they all asked the same question, like describe that work experience when you were supervising like whatever, and I'm like okay I need to just stop talking about this and just do it and just have like the copy paste file where I can just have it ready to go on like a bunch of sentences about like a work, a work experience that went some way and then dealt with some supervision and then it's just like that will just make those things so much easier. But
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's actually a really smart idea, so fast and tape it up every single time. Yeah, I usually don't do the ones that require writing and I say it's at least, you know, because they put the hourly wage up, so Not if it's like something like £7 or £80 or Mhm. For
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: our,
SPEAKER_R: don't agree that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for our
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The writing was the writing was gonna suck the life out of you. But yeah, I just actually just returned one a minute ago. That was going to be like 20 minutes of, it's gonna be 20 minutes of which my colleague 20 minutes of. And so I drive like it was gonna be 20 minutes of uh I'm just writing written responses. So I was like yeah, I was like, there's no way I'm doing that, so
SPEAKER_L: that's a lot. 20
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, especially if you're just trying to like make something work or interesting or whatnot, so anyway. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So um do you work in the tech field at all, or,
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm actually more guest financial. Um But yeah, not tech, I mean not like it if you're not in any kind of pure play tech, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's pretty interesting because right now it seems like like, you know, for everything going on in the world, especially the United States, um it seems like a good time to um for me at least to like learn some skills that I can use to work remotely. Yeah, it seems like there's going to be a lot of, you know, people requiring remote workers and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean there's there's definitely a lot of platforms out there that there's a lot of platforms that do allow for freelancing. Um I wouldn't say that there are, I would say that they're necessarily like tech related, they're all tech related there, you know, just more, you know, often it's just them you completing certain tasks in a way. Um Now, I mean a lot of those platforms will just pay you like total peanuts, but there are there are some ones that are actually decent, but usually most of these things will have a most everyone is platforms will have something word, you kind of started out, you have to do grunt work for, you know, a certain amount of time and then once you get to a certain rating level or whatever, then um um whatchamacallit uh then you're on to better and more attractive projects, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think I've heard about a couple
SPEAKER_R: that's a smiler.
SPEAKER_L: of them before. Um I know there's one where um, I don't know if you've heard about it, but the user testing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes, I know that went very well. Uh No actually I made a lot of money on that one, so now I love you actually love that one so that I just picked up one here so I might uh might not make it through this one. Uh because I picked up one offered them from a second ago but I will I'll stick out the interview but I probably need to enable this session, this other session here in a second. Actually. No, no, actually we're good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was gonna say I usually, I used to do that and then I used to like I would like pause it or once a recording stopped.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no user user testing is pretty awesome. I'm actually just gonna pull it up over Harrison. Uh Yeah, these are testing is pretty, pretty solid, so um yeah, I'm a huge, huge fan of that one. Um But the yeah, that was that was by far extremely lucrative, so definitely, definitely a good one, but you got to be any environment where you can do that, so like obviously being at home is good. Um And then, you know, I guess you could come down to like demographics and certain criteria that they're looking for but sorry, I can't do it when I'm in in the office, obviously because I'm talking but but yeah, that was by far the best ones.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not bad at all. I have qualified for a few of them, but like you said, a lot of the times they're looking for all kinds of different things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. There's a lot of yeah, it's like what your screener or? Yeah, I mean it's it's also like the stuff goes like very quickly so I mean it's
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: uh you got to grab it pretty quickly so it's not for everyone, but like for me I'm already at the computer as it is, so it's not it's not that big with, it's not that big a deal to have it up separately, kind of like prolific. Um But at least for uh prolific, I like I like the actual studies that are, they are often involved even though they don't, I mean like prolific probably make the make the least amount of money from a freelance perspective but but it's actually more it's more variety, it's more interesting, it's more is more, I've had some pretty, I mean I'm sure you've been out there longer so you've probably done a lot more than I am but I've had some studies that were just like really actually pretty cool. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm actually uh I'm like whatever you do the studies and they're like you're interacting with other people but like all the other people are clearly fake.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I know what
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you're talking about. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: actually I went on saturday that I'm like I've never had a rejected, I've never had a rejected uh uh study, but I always I always ask the other people like prove you're not a bought like and they never they'll never respond like I just have like I just have like a stock answer the question that like any person would be able to answer, right? Um So I just asked him that question. Uh they never respond and then I'm like okay they're obviously all like scripted people, right? Especially when you join the session in like 20 minutes, like like if you have an hour to do the thing and you have like 20 minutes and you're like joining the minute session like 20 minutes
SPEAKER_L: sometimes
SPEAKER_R: late.
SPEAKER_L: we're only good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um So then it's like okay but the thing is I was like getting real blatant about it. Like okay everyone in this thing is a is this is about except for me it's like totally fake and I'm like man this resource is gonna totally nailed me on this thing. Like I'm going to get rejected on this thing for being a yeah
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: smart ass
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: tell.
SPEAKER_R: But. Oh no no because it was like they're all supposed to be interacting with me but they're all like telling me like your ideas are like the worst, you're like the worst ideas and I'm like I just answered my standard question, I'm like okay if you're not freaking out about by answering this question and like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: nothing. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well they always they always use mr Rice which is that's the thing that actually find the most interesting is because they're typically not like they're typically not studying the thing they're telling you they're studying right there. Typically studying like something else right? Um So it's like this misdirection so it's kind of like a magician doing a magic act and they're like oh pay attention to this thing over here and then I'm always trying to like figure out like okay what do you actually? Oh yes I should be less board. Um I know they're entertaining that way soon.
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm the last one, I think that was like that there's actually real people in there because someone is explained in the chat room all year, all thoughts. And I was thinking how well that's very interesting because he um person that developments that he could have just had the pot say that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that might even need. Was it on saturday?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, it was about, I would say about a week ago. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Which one
SPEAKER_L: maybe
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: someone where we had,
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: was the general
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: premise?
SPEAKER_L: to do like these different tasks like um you had to like um I'm trying to figure out how to explain it, but you have to like do different tasks that you have to put stuff in order and then you have to like tell the all the personal items you have.
SPEAKER_R: I know that's actually the best one ever
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: done.
SPEAKER_L: wearing that.
SPEAKER_R: So that actually might have been that actually might have been me because I was the one asking everybody through. Yeah. Yeah. Seriously that's because I I even um hand show by screen on this, but I even asked because somebody, somebody kept on screwing up the water hopeful that wasn't me, but somebody screwing up the order. Or like there was the one where you that it's the one where is the space station one, whatever and you can't you can't see the thing, you can only see other people's stuff, you can't see your own
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: thing,
SPEAKER_L: that one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So we had somebody who kept botching, okay, so that's actually the best one that I've ever done. So it's actually finding that you mentioned that one. But so we had somebody who kept botching that thing because if you drag and drop thing in the wrong order, it restarted the whole cycle and it was like the person was so bad and it was the only person that like completely like you could have felt you to hide your name be anything and the person that like completely spelled out their name, like their full legal name.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So I'm like, okay, this is obviously like, so then I went to the researcher and I've never asked the research or anything before, but I was like, okay. So it was one of the people in the end, the thing, like supposed to be a, like a saboteur, like, or somebody who was specifically designed to mess this thing up for everyone else and they're like, no, these are literally just whoever got selected into it. And I was like, okay, I just was curious if that was what you because I mean obviously they don't care if you can sort put bananas into a bucket in outer space. They want to see there trying to test something else. I'm like, okay, are y'all, did y'all specifically put somebody in here who was gonna screw up?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the team just to see if people would go like ballistic.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, what you're saying now, is that the one where you have the color of the tank as well? Yeah. Yeah, I remember that one and when I was doing it as well, somebody had, we got pretty far along, but then we had to start all over and somebody please
SPEAKER_R: Dude, I'm telling you we were in the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: group and what was your, I'm thinking? We were, what was your nickname if you remember?
SPEAKER_L: Home.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's been like a week that's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: two
SPEAKER_L: remember.
SPEAKER_R: weeks ago.
SPEAKER_L: I think I might have been like john or Blue something sometimes I use that one.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I was about to say it like, okay. Yeah, I mean I could definitely see a bunch of different versions of that where somebody was like screwing up. But it's just, it's kind of specific that you said that hey, there was someone in there who was accusing everyone of being bought because that's, that's just,
SPEAKER_L: yeah there was somebody and then somebody else would say oh you know the box as well
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: and yeah, I think, you know, other the tank like green or something like that, A group.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So I'm not that it makes me feel better that I'm not the only one out there who's like every time they're in one of these like group test is accusing what? Now I knew that people weren't bought because they, my question is I was like, so my question is always prove you're not about and answer this question. And one of the people, one of the people was like yeah I'm not a lot and the answer is this
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was like okay, they're not, they're not bods. But yeah, we had one dude that was like, you know, we were like because it drag and drop, drag and drop the item to get into the right thing and if you screw up you literally had to redo like five minutes worth of work and every single time they got to this guy, he was totally blow it and it was like this figure is this is like the most interesting study that I have ever done ever. Like that's a prolific, the most interesting what I've ever done And like just one guy, I mean he must have been like or something, but one guy just blown it every single time. So it's just like, but it's like, it happened like four times in a row and he would, it would just ruin five minutes of like teamwork. And that's what I was like, okay, I, that's what, so I just went out to the researcher. I'm like, okay. Was one of them just like, I know this sounds like a crazy person, but was one of the people in the study a like intentionally like was it one of your grad students that was designed to specifically ruin the um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well no, I was, that was pretty cool. I was like, I definitely like the guy now in my head by all, like I've done 200 of these things or completed 200 this is by far the best one that I have ever done so
SPEAKER_L: That one was really interesting. That's why I like prolific the most um compared to some of the other ones that have like studies because like you said, they're really interesting typically and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of the time they're on, you know, they're pretty interesting in everything, but sometimes are really lucrative as well, you know? Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: let's say
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: input trying to brave all they said. Mm I would like to evaluate and compare some different ways of displaying american voice was a search engine. Oh God,
SPEAKER_L: it's all right.
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: It's all right. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I had to get this. I had to get this one set of going and I can already tell I'm going to send it back to user testing because it's like 39 steps and it's all written. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I do, I have seen ones that are like uh yeah, it's like I haven't had ones, it's just frustrating the hell. I mean they're like, I've had ones that were like, I think I've seen 75 steps, multi like written, multi like multi step, not like did you like this? It was like, here's a three part of question. And then my favorite one is Consumer reports is on there and they look like it's 18 questions and then when you get and it's all written 18 questions, which is fine. But it's like you get to step 17 and they're like, here's a here's an external link to a survey which is going to take another 40 minutes. And by then you're like, I'm already
SPEAKER_L: certainly.
SPEAKER_R: like 30 minutes into this thing and then you're like, you have this nested. Um and even at the end of that, I mean it is done this. But then like even when you're at the end of that tested survey, they're like, okay, now we just have a few more questions. Like what dude was like almost it was 50 minutes pushing myself 50 minutes like pushing like I talk fast and I was like, man, this is just brutal. And of course they don't like they don't give you any feedback of course. And if you're too like if you're on there saying like this just totally blows. Then they're like oh get this guy on that score.
SPEAKER_L: I've done a few of them on user testing that requires like a ton of writing and like you said, you think you're at then but then you like take the redirect you to a survey and it's like a complete mess.
SPEAKER_R: Well this is real. Well it's it's available if the test is available because everyone else like back to the the page and it's like you're like oh in one uh if you ever use never do never do the download video games. They never like I'll do some download app ones. But the video games never
SPEAKER_L: Work.
SPEAKER_R: successfully. I guess they're just there wasn't they'll play but the video capture it's just too much for the video capture. Like. Yeah and all the games video games are just trash to begin with because they're like like play this thing to level 20. Like we're like well how long does it take to level 20? Like oh yeah, it's gonna be like, you know, a 15 minutes season level 20
SPEAKER_L: terrible.
SPEAKER_R: even if you're good at video games. And then and then the best part is like, oh by the way, when you go to upload this thing, it's gonna totally fail because it's just it's just too much for the video recorder and this is on like a new phone. So it's
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: point I think I was just request payment regardless. No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they don't do that. Get look at that. Unfortunately the support has really gone downhill, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've had a few problems on user testing and it took them like weeks to get back to me. It's kind of crazy. Um
SPEAKER_R: I will say this, I have more. Um um So if you ever get a one star it just kills you on there because it just drops you out of the it drops you had like the top tier of people. So I had I got this like like I did a great job on this objectively, did a great job on this review, and this is literally the this is literally the feedback this guy knows too much, he's clearly in the industry, and I'm like, the thing is they asked, I know to not reveal too much expertise on stuff. I mean, especially if they told you, like, do you work for
SPEAKER_L: I need
SPEAKER_R: blah,
SPEAKER_L: to talk
SPEAKER_R: blah,
SPEAKER_L: about.
SPEAKER_R: blah, right? And no, no, not like, I know you're supposed to you're supposed to look like the average consumer dope, that person that can be articulate or ever. But this one never said that. And they asked like, these really technical questions that you, I kind of had to know what you were doing or like you guys ask you really tired of the questions and I'm not gonna pretend I don't know the answer to this. So I got dinged and I was like, I was so ticked off and I was like, I was about to go when I read it. It was just like, I cannot believe it's got a one star for literally said he knew too much was the review and it was clearly in the industry, one star we want, you know this guy within 15 minutes of just like, All right, that's just ruined my day. 15 minutes got reversed. I was like, ford on that because I had I had another one star that just stuck forever. Even though like I, you call them requested. I mean requested review and it never got to return whatever, but it just takes forever to work out out of a one star review. So I had just like gotten done with the last one and then to get this one just slammed. But they took care of me. They instantly knocked
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: it out
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: in 15
SPEAKER_L: not bad
SPEAKER_R: minutes.
SPEAKER_L: and I've
SPEAKER_R: I was like,
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: I was actually
SPEAKER_L: similar
SPEAKER_R: surprised.
SPEAKER_L: instance happened to me. Yeah. For once our
SPEAKER_R: I was like, yeah, I was thinking like, dude,
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: I'm totally screwed anyway. Not not to be a bad guy,
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: but it's 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: you have a nice day.
SPEAKER_R: You,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Be careful about.