Okay, coming right? Yeah. Mhm Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah sure. Mhm Yeah crying Yeah. Mhm Mhm Yeah you Mhm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Thank Okay. Okay. Mhm mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Mhm
How's it going?
No, it's ok.
Yeah, I have them quite a few. How about yourself?
Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah, I think
no, I've done I think I've done about four of them so far.
probably about actually most of them showed up. I only had like two instances in which somebody didn't show up.
yeah, not bad.
Alright, cool. Yeah. So yes, on a few of these before, but like you said, I said minds off, so it's not too early or not too late. Crazy hours or anything like that. Yes. So what part of the world are you in the United States
Yeah,
it's pretty algae out today. It's one of these days, right? Don't feel like doing anything. Uh huh.
Yeah. It's
pretty hot, 90°..
that's a good question. Um I'm pretty sure it's like around
um six or something. Around like six or 8 maybe. I'm not sure.
Pretty much. I mean the last time they were running this study I um I think I maxed out. And then when I went to schedule another one, I thought I had one slot left it. Um They never sent me an email so that was good. So I pretty much you always done
at home.
Probably.
Yeah it's not that bad but I mean it's up, you know, pretty good hourly waiting and everything, you know, I think it's like $15 or something.
Yeah, it's not bad.
No, it's no problem.
Yeah it looks
like.
Yeah. I normally just shoot from the hip with these, I don't even come in here with anything to say or talk about.
I guess um the main thing that um I usually discuss like the guy I was talking to yesterday was um he lived in Missouri or something and uh we just talked about like the weather and how cheap the property is out there because you
had a property where I'm located. It's actually really expensive. But even just to rent an apartment, I have friends that are, you know, paying a lot of money like about Think like $1,000, yeah, a month for a rent New Jersey and I know new york's the same way, it's really expensive. Mhm.
I think about a year and a half. How about you?
Yeah, I've had that happen quite a few times as well, like it will time out while I'm in the same situation of two monitors here and I'll be working on something, I'll just get up and leave and then I'll come back and say, oh, forgot I had a tab of prolific. Open what? Uh huh Yeah.
yeah,
yeah, that's actually a really smart idea, so fast and tape it up every single time. Yeah, I usually don't do the ones that require writing and I say it's at least, you know, because they put the hourly wage up, so Not if it's like something like £7 or £80 or Mhm. For
our,
for our
that's a lot. 20
minutes.
So um do you work in the tech field at all, or,
Yeah, it's pretty interesting because right now it seems like like, you know, for everything going on in the world, especially the United States, um it seems like a good time to um for me at least to like learn some skills that I can use to work remotely. Yeah, it seems like there's going to be a lot of, you know, people requiring remote workers and stuff like that.
Yeah, I think I've heard about a couple
of them before. Um I know there's one where um, I don't know if you've heard about it, but the user testing. Yeah.
Yeah, I was gonna say I usually, I used to do that and then I used to like I would like pause it or once a recording stopped.
Yeah, it's not bad at all. I have qualified for a few of them, but like you said, a lot of the times they're looking for all kinds of different things.
definitely.
Yeah. Yeah,
definitely.
yeah, I know what
you're talking about. Mhm.
sometimes
we're only good. Yeah.
you
could
tell.
All
Uh huh. Yeah.
Mhm.
I think I'm the last one, I think that was like that there's actually real people in there because someone is explained in the chat room all year, all thoughts. And I was thinking how well that's very interesting because he um person that developments that he could have just had the pot say that. Uh huh.
No, no, it was about, I would say about a week ago. Yeah,
maybe
someone where we had,
we
had
to do like these different tasks like um you had to like um I'm trying to figure out how to explain it, but you have to like do different tasks that you have to put stuff in order and then you have to like tell the all the personal items you have.
I'm not
wearing that.
I remember
that one.
What?
I
Oh yes, what you're saying now, is that the one where you have the color of the tank as well? Yeah. Yeah, I remember that one and when I was doing it as well, somebody had, we got pretty far along, but then we had to start all over and somebody please
you
are
Home.
I
don't
even
remember.
I think I might have been like john or Blue something sometimes I use that one.
yeah there was somebody and then somebody else would say oh you know the box as well
and yeah, I think, you know, other the tank like green or something like that, A group.
Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
yeah.
That one was really interesting. That's why I like prolific the most um compared to some of the other ones that have like studies because like you said, they're really interesting typically and yeah,
a lot of the time they're on, you know, they're pretty interesting in everything, but sometimes are really lucrative as well, you know? Yeah, that's
no
problem.
it's all right.
It's all right. Mhm
Yeah.
certainly.
I've done a few of them on user testing that requires like a ton of writing and like you said, you think you're at then but then you like take the redirect you to a survey and it's like a complete mess.
Work.
terrible.
at
that
point I think I was just request payment regardless. No.
Yeah I've had a few problems on user testing and it took them like weeks to get back to me. It's kind of crazy. Um
I need
to talk
about.
well
it's
not bad
and I've
had
similar
instance happened to me. Yeah. For once our
all
great.
you have a nice day.
All right. Be careful about.