Hi.
How are you?
I'm good thanks. What? So um
I
don't
know.
it's really hot here. There's no there's no yeah there's no air conditioning in where in the room I'm in so I'm just like dying of heat.
You at least have a fan. I see.
Yeah.
You're in Hawaii. Nice. I'm in upstate new york so.
That's a nice
area.
if you drive like five hours east that's where I am. Like I'm I'm actually like due east of buffalo like I'm halfway up the state. I'm I'm in Albany which is the capital.
It.
Yeah it's a much
smaller city.
Um Well Niagara Falls is a lot closer to Buffalo. It's not that far from Buffalo. So So like I think something like 300 miles.
It depends on how fast you drive but it probably take you four or five hours to drive to buffalo and then like three hours to get from buffalo to Niagara follows because of
the
traffic.
No
no
it's not far. It's just that the traffic would be that bad.
Do you do you have a lot of non driving uh
transportation? Like do you get a lot of
of
like
foot traffic and bikes and stuff?
Well it's supposed to be a very hot summer,
but
but
at
least you know, on an island, you're never that far from the beach.
Nothing.
That's also
because of being by the beach. Um I took a climatology class and
um Yeah and um there's a principle, I don't remember what it's called, but it has to do with, oh, it's called specific heat and it has to do with insulation. And how well um how well different types of materials hold heat and and water holds heat a lot better than land holds heat. So if you're on an island, because you're surrounded by water, the weather in temperature wise is going to remain much more stable because the water around it is much more
stable
in temperature.
But but like for instance, if you live in the midwest, you're surrounded by land. So the temperatures point to fluctuate a lot more.
Is
he
glad
to be in Hawaii right now, instead of ST paul, especially with the pandemic going on and the fact that Hawaii
is being really
strict.
well, your your state government had just a fantastic reaction right away
and, and they've
just
been
Well, a lot of people think that just because they're relaxing things, it means that it's all over,
which
isn't
true.
And there
and
there,
yeah, I heard that there that um there are a lot of people um that are getting arrested because they're not abiding by the two week quarantine period that your state has instituted.
And
I
think, I
think
that's fantastic that your state did that because it really protects you guys.
They should just, they should just like rent out a couple hotels as quarantine hotels. And everybody who comes in from out of state has to check into those hotels for two weeks
and maybe
have
like
quarantine beach. So like anybody who's in quarantine
can go to that beach and, you know.
Yeah. But the thing is, I mean, if you think about it, the country isn't free, it's
like people are like, it's a free country and I'm just like, yeah, try that the next time you get pulled over for not wearing your seatbelt and see what it gets you.
Like,
I don't
I don't see how, like I don't see why it's a political I don't I don't see why it's a political issue, you know? I just see
it
as
like
you're selfish
or you're not selfish, you know?
New Zealand
even better. I think New Zealand declared
themselves.
Yeah. I think they declared themselves um covid free just
because
they
were just like this is what we have to do, we're going to do it, everybody is going to follow it. We're not going to tolerate anyone not complying and that's what they did.
But
they also
they also
have
a really low population density.
I mean I totally agree with the Black Lives Matter Movement and I think it's important but I think that the government, it's kind of using it to like cover up how much they're screwing up with what they're doing with the pandemic. It's like it's like okay so we're really messing up with the pandemic so let's send federal troops into our cities. So people are so outraged about that. They don't see how many people are dying from, you know this virus.
Well see I'm lucky enough to not be on social media there. I don't do social
media, I don't have facebook, I don't have instagram, I don't have twitter, I don't have any of that. Like I read articles um And I get a little bit of tv but not a lot of it. Um But I don't really like I can't deal with social media like even before the pandemic, I've never been able to deal with social media. I've never really understood the point of it. I was like I was I was always like I don't really care where my friend is every minute of the day and one I don't think they care where I am. And to I don't want them to know where I am. Like I just see social media as like another way for the government to track me.
Yeah. It's
just
another
way for giant corporations to collect data on me. I
don't need that. No.
Well I mean some people do have chips implanted in them. Like. Like really high profile people like like like people who are high profile enough but like private citizens, not like government officials but private citizens who live in countries where there's like really high kidnapping rates like kidnapping for ransom. And they have like private security. They'll get GPS chips embedded like in their teeth or like in their hand. So like if they get kidnapped. Yeah so if they get kidnapped um they can be traced. Yeah.
I think
I
think
it's more like I think it's more like business people who have a lot of money like like especially with their kids because like a lot of times it will be like because you don't want to kidnap the rich person because then who's going to pay the ransom, you want to kidnap somebody that you know they care about that they'll pay for. Yeah.
especially it's really common in like central and south America.
Yeah. There's
lot
of
there's a lot
of kidnap
for
ransom around
there.
Yeah, but usually
those are those are like if you consider drug cartels to be politics, which technically they are really kind of politics because they kind of run the country. Um
Yeah then like when they kidnap people, they usually aren't kidnapping them for money, they're kidnapping them for like someone to do something. Um But like there are actually like people who are like independent groups that like specialized just in like kidnap for ransom. And like that's how they make their living, like they'll kidnap like three people a year and they'll spend the money and then when the money's gone they'll go kidnap someone else and
and
like
like um.
those places. Um But like the thing is they don't ask for such a huge, they kidnapped like like the relatives of super super rich people, but they don't ask for a super huge amount of money. Like they'll kidnap someone who has like $100 million but they'll only ask for like $200,000. So like it's not worth it for them to like go to the police, you know?
Because
it's just
like it's just like pocket change for them.
Yeah.
Um I watch a lot of documentaries on everything. Uh huh like um I just got a new house and I'm looking at different kinds of ways to paint it. And I went to I was I have like decorating like a magazine articles, like emailed to me and one of them today said these are the colors you should paint your house based on your, I think it's any a gram type. And I was like, what's in any a gram type? So I so like I looked at the article and apparently it's like a personality tests like the Myers Briggs test or Briggs Myers Test or something and and like it doesn't have any more validity than the Briggs Myers test does. Um The Briggs Myers test, even though it's used in psychology, doesn't actually have any validity. It was written by to miss, it was created by like two mystery writers in the thirties. People don't actually know that. Yeah. Um But um so it's like ok I'll take this test and it acts the colors that they said I should have based on my test results were not accurate at all. But
the personality that it gave me was pretty accurate and the personality basically boiled down to go away. I'm reading a book about pre industrial biochemical warfare. Uh huh. I want to be by myself and I'm learning something completely weird and esoteric. Yeah.
Hey.
and
I actually have read a book on pre industrial Biota biochemical warfare. It was very interesting. It was about stuff like plague bodies and greek fire and stuff like that.
There are certain types of documentaries that I don't like to watch um which are documentaries that will get me angry because I have one rule for my life which is if there is something that I cannot do anything about, like genuinely cannot do anything about, I am not going to worry about it, I'm not going to think about it because I'm not going to spend energy especially negative energy on something that I have no effect on.
Um I like science and history. Yeah,
I
find I find
religion to be really from an academic standpoint.
At
actually central new york is considered like um the wellspring of of cults. Yeah, yeah. Like so many cults and religions have sprung up from like central new york, Central new york is like where the mormon started and where like so many different courts, so many different like Coulter like do you like, do you remember like this is like a year or two ago that cult NexIUM That that was
like
that
was like, that
was like, that was like 10 miles from where I live.
Yeah.
Like
like
yeah. Yeah that that was literally two exits off the thruway or to exit off the highway from the exit to get to my parents house. Yeah
and not even real exits because my parents are exit four and then there's four then five and five A. And they were five A. Not even exit 65
there's there's a documentary on netflix that I want to watch but I haven't gotten around to it because it's not like a single standalone documentary, it's like a it's like a series, so it's several episodes and I think it's called The Family and it's about this, it's about like this um super religious group that has like supposedly infiltrated, like the highest levels of our government.
One thing
that's really cool that's on netflix if you want like a little short little snippets there's a show called explained And they're like little mini documentaries that they're
only like
15
or 20 minutes long.
Oh I saw that one at least I saw the first season yet the there's one on honey I think there was one on like maples, maple syrup cartel
in in Quebec
and
the garlic
farmers.
and um and the uh the avocados in chile.
I saw I saw two series that are different series and each one had one on avocados, one had one on avocados in Mexico and one which was about how the mexican cartel runs the mexican avocado industry and one
was on and one was on avocados in chile which was how the chile which is how the government owns the water rights in chile. And um it sold the water rights to avocado companies to the point where there isn't enough groundwater for the people to drink. And so the people actually have to truck in water for like
daily
use.
Yeah it's
just
me,
it just makes me really happy. I don't like guacamole.
But one of the things that bugs me about the one in Mexico more than the cartel owning the avocados is the fact that um the southwest of the United States and the north of Mexico share the same
aquifer. So while the southwest of the United States is doing as much as possible to conserve that water. Yeah northern Mexico as much as it is a cash crop for them. It is not a place where it really has enough water to be growing avocados and it is really depleting that aquifer. And we're at a point where water is really our like water is really our like scarcest resource and and like everybody should be doing whatever we can to preserve water. And there are other places like there are other crops that they could be growing that use so much less water. That's why I'm always telling people not to buy cotton because people are like oh it's eco friendly cotton and I always tell people there is no such thing is eco friendly cotton because the amount of water it uses to make cotton makes it not equal friendly. The amount of water it takes to make one T shirt is enough drinking water for one person for 2.5 years. Yeah,
they
shouldn't be
growing citrus either. I mean if you think about how much water is in a citrus fruit, they shouldn't be growing citrus either.
But
if you if you want to see some really good documentaries there is uh documentary maker. She's british. Her name is Stacey Dooley, D. 00 L. E. Y. And Stacy has
an E. And S. T. A. C. E. Y.
And she does one on fashion that talks about the cotton industry and um it talks about the Euro C. Which used to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world um and a major tourist destination. And in like three or four decades it was almost completely depleted of water um just from being used to make cotton and you can really see the impact that it made. But like people are
like well what
else are recently?
was in this is in Eastern europe, I don't
remember
exactly what countries. Um it's in like the former soviet bloc. Um I don't remember the exact country, but she doesn't, she just fantastic. Um She is fantastic um documentaries. She's done, she's done documentaries on like homeless kids, she's ducking documentaries on like people who are disabled in countries that make absolutely no accommodations for disabled people. Um She did a really interesting documentary on Japan's obsession with like with like um uh private school girls, Like, you know how like private school girl uniforms is like a fetish and how like how like, like with anime that is like completely epitomized
and like
there.
and
how they have like these bars where like 50 year old men and about that and like
She talked to you and she talked to an official and they're like we're cracking down on paedophilia, and she's like really? And and he was like, yeah, we had 35 convictions last year. And she was like, that doesn't
seem like a big amount. And apparently it's only considered pornography if the, if the child is completely naked, like if if like you can actually see parts, so like even if they're in like the most provocative pose and it's like really salacious, as long as like it's covered, it's not considered pornography, like it doesn't matter how traumatic it is for the child, as long as it's covered just a teeny tiny bit. And
you also, and you also need a um you also need like a plaintiff. So if you don't have the kid who's in the picture to be there to testify that there in the picture, like it doesn't matter
that
it's so obviously someone who's underage, like if it's like
a three year old,
like you can tell if it's a three year old that it's somebody who's not 18, you know, but they still need the through and and like all of this other stuff and then she's done documentaries on things in the environment on you know things that are science e and she's just fantastic. She also did one on Pedophilia in
the United
States.
The one on the one in the United States was interesting because it was it wasn't about pedophilia in general, it was about it was about people who had gotten out of prison, who had been in prison for pedophilia and all of the rules and regulations that they had to deal with
and how difficult it made it for like housing and getting a job
because of all of the different places they couldn't go because they're not allowed within so much of a park and they're not allowed within so much of a school and they're not allowed within so much and and how limiting that was for them to find a place because you know because you know you have to like it's like you take a map of the area and then you're like draw sections where you can't go and then you have like this teeny tiny section left which is where you can find a place. Um And that was really interesting because that one it wasn't pro pedophilia. Um You know like but I mean It really shows that like a lot of things can be difficult and like one of the people on the show was really sympathetic because he had gotten out of jail and he was in jail because he was 18 and he had been sleeping with his 17 year old girlfriend and he had just turned 18 and her father had him arrested. So like so like it's not like he really did anything
wrong and
he was labeled,
he
was
labeled a sex
offender
for
the rest of his life and he had to deal with all of these regulations, you know like
that's
that's
another
And and and that's why I think that there should be like there shouldn't just be like one sex offender registry, there should be like levels you know? But um
I mean
that's
that's that's an and and that's like and that's like another issue that I have with social media and like cell phone cameras and everything because you have a lot of people in high school who are taking pictures of each other like naked and passing them around and if you are a girl and you take a picture of yourself naked, you are guilty of creating child pornography. If you send that picture to someone, you are guilty of disseminating child pornography. Even if it's a picture of yourself. I
mean
usually
usually
they
don't prosecute, usually they don't prosecute people for stuff like that unless
like they send it to a whole bunch of people and they do stuff for like revenge and everything but I mean that stuff
can follow you around for the rest of your life and they're not old enough to have like the brain isn't developed enough to understand the consequences of
that, which
is one of the reasons why
I'm glad.
But they don't they don't get
it
which
is why I'm like I look a lot younger than I am but I'm actually 38
um which is why I'm really glad that you know cell phones weren't really a big thing until like I was almost college age. And yeah and the cell phones that were around like I didn't get a cell phone until I started going to college because my parents wanted to have one in case of an emergency. And back then cell phones didn't have cameras yet.
I remember snake. Yeah.
But um one thing I do think is good nowadays is nowadays you can get cell phone specifically for kids where where um you need to have a password to program in numbers into the phone and then you can only call the numbers that are pre programmed into the phone. So
like
And
and
911
And 911 and the GPS is always on. So like If there's an emergency they can call 911, they can also call their parents and if their parents want them to be able to call anyone else, they can call those people.
Um But the phone only accepts calls from people they wanted
to
accept
calls from and it blocks all of their numbers. And those are great for like little kids who, you know. Oh
Yeah. But
I remember
when I was in high school um you weren't allowed to have your cell phone in school
and
I
can't
imagine,
I can't imagine a school like being able to like enforce that rule now.
Well we are in the X. We are in the upward trend of the exponential curve of technology. So
just
wait till they just wait till the robots take over.
If
there, I think if they're 20
five
or 26 and older, their gen x.
Yeah. I am
considered
not of a generation because yes, because I am, I am in an age bracket where I am not of a millennial, which grew up before technology, but I'm not, technically, I'm gen x, but
I'm not of gen x of the age where I grew up, where technology was in eight, I am part of the age group that grew up as technology was advancing, which
is from like the 1978 to like 2003 group or to like 1983 group and were called Zales.
Yeah.
So, so I can be like, I'm not gen x, I'm a venial, which which is nice because gen x gen xers get blamed for everything gen y does. Uh people who are older than gen X people think that like, like gen X never ended. You know, it's like, it's like, people don't realize that like I'm almost 40 and I'm gen x, You know, somebody who's 17, I'm not responsible for the actions of someone who's 17. That is not my generation. I could
be
their
parent,
I could be their parents. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. It was, it was really nice meeting you.
Yeah. Yeah. You too. Okay.