God. All right Okay get about 10 minutes. We'll set up 10 minutes until my 0.6. All right I got to keep prices cheap books keep the most no I didn't like him at all. Yeah you are the one. Uh huh. Yeah I'm sorry. Yeah but uh huh. Oh yeah trouble. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. No more. Oh well I'll be honest. Yeah. All right. Oh yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. What it was No no actually you might not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No it's so happy though. Yeah. All right. Why? Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Oh what? Right Oh no. All right out Yes companies are watching guys like you and I oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah yeah b that's Yeah I got a check out in 10 minutes. Yeah Well I want it yeah. Yeah. No
how mm
I'm good how are you?
We're
kind
of dressed
like we're kind of dress that I like. Uh
yeah where you at?
We'll have a fan. Yeah and I have a windows open so, yep. Yeah
I mean I mean Hawaii
Right right right right. Yeah I have a friend one lives nearby um kind of close to a Buffalo area I think. Yeah
I read
a couple of friends who live in like upper upstate.
you're Albany? Okay this is state
capital? Right. No. Yeah. Yeah.
How
close I used to uh neither of balls.
Oh well So let's take left. Take a 445 hour drive.
so
it's
quite far. Okay
so
it's
yeah. Oh yeah yeah yeah it's not the distance. Right. Yeah smr here too because you know how are is like small but right now nobody is like really working, you know, because everybody is a kind of staying home. But the traffic here can be really bad. So it's like, yeah, it's not that distance. You know, you don't measure by the distance you measure by the time of the day, the rush hour traffic, How long it takes. Yeah.
No.
it's really
good
here,
Yeah. Yeah. The public, normally just a bus, city bus, we don't really have any other. But then there are lots of taxi drivers. Ubers and lift. But the bus system is really good. Yeah, motherfucker. We don't even have a car now because you don't really need it here in Waikiki and the driving is hectic and parking is an issue, you know, So it's just so much easier without Yeah, you can walk from here, like you can walk everywhere, we can go to the stores, restaurants, beach, everything is like you know 5, 10 minutes walk. And if the weather is always usually nice, so yeah, so it's kind of nice to not have to worry about it. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. Yeah, I used
to live
in
Arizona.
Yeah. Yeah. And uh here It's always kind of warm but it never gets really hot.
It's where do we go over 90
girl?
Oh, your dad?
they
can easily,
yeah, so we're like yeah, okay.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. My husband's from ST paul Minnesota, so it looks like super cold in a winter and like muggy hot in the summer. Yeah. Yeah. And
then
and then
we do
anywhere.
And
we actually lived the longest in Arizona. And they are such a mess right now too, so yeah, I'm so glad you're here. You know, because here we can still go out. It's really nice. You can walk and you can go to the beach. You know, we don't feel like we're like, you know, really shut in. Yeah.
But
we
loosened
up to recently in our numbers actually going up. I mean, still, you know, little compared to any other states. I think we're still lowest per capita, but number has gone up as soon as they opened the beach, our beach was closed. But we could still get the, they go swim in an ocean. So what, we could walk or run or we can be in the water. We just couldn't like sit on the beach. So that was great. You know, because you can still go out and get in the water. Um, but now then they loosened up. They opened the beaches, they open restaurants and businesses and here that people wear masks and stuff but still people are gathering larger numbers at the beach and such. You know a number that shut up So. Yeah. Yeah.
All right. And
I think
especially
here I think because the numbers were always kinda low I think people really let the guard down and then there are people coming from mainland like you know the tourists or
people
here
would go through and then come back.
Yeah a lot a lot
more
getting
but
getting.
hopefully. Uh But still there are a lot of people who break the quarantine and um you know they are not being caught you know because there are so many still coming in because the airfare is super cheap so they'll come and they'll just sneak out and there's just not enough um you know the law enforcement to catch them because like here like Oahu in Honolulu it is not the police jurisdiction by the attorney general. So I think on the sheriff's and attorney general said people can actually arrest them so I guess you know.
Yeah that's the
that's
the
idea everybody.
well
Yeah they're also talking about that they can result the quarantine results. They took a bubble so they can you know roam around in the result but you have been tested and stuff you know or the temperature checked whatever you can roam around the result and they can go to certain portion of the beach but they can't go out and store and mingle with other people. Yeah there are lots of great ideas but then the United People say no no you know that's like invade our freedom this and that but
No
Exactly yeah I just don't get it you know
and
it's
don't
be
don't
you take
it extol
I agree because you know it doesn't matter that I tend to be more conservative regularly you know usually but right now it really has nothing to do with your conservative liberal you know it's just pandemic project a viruses really. Here come on guys just everybody like getting a buckle down and take care of it, take Australia. Did it? Great. Yeah. Yeah.
News.
that's
right. New Zealand is the best. Huh?
but
they were like so
strict.
Yeah. Yeah yeah they're not protesting and I don't know. Yeah
then
it was
you
know
yeah try to more sheep than people right? Yeah then there was a beer, anything happened here and then that kind of triggered even more and I think you know there are more protests and this and that, but also I think it's made everything more political so you know this side or that side, you know, it's just everything kind of happened. Yeah.
Yeah. But there's only drive you crazy when you're like, you know, read all the comments and parson and facebook and there are people to this day still saying it's not really, it's hawks the numbers of, you know fudge then.
smart.
You
know what? They're tracking
us
everywhere?
What?
my favorite is like, okay, now, you know, they make you wear a mask and the next week they're gonna put implant chips on here. I'm like okay, that's quite a jump, you know? Come on, just well my ask.
Yeah, so like like the politicians and probably like even like celebrities and people
like
your
goal
wow, I never thought about that, but yeah, I can see
Oh wow, okay. Yeah, yeah,
I can
see
that
because
I was like
watching
like the
straw about like the drug cut their own stuff and you know how they have so much power and they you know, either bribe or uh you know how you like politicians and such or if they don't come their way they were just like kidnapped their kids or kill them or whatever. Uh
Sorry?
because they move so much money.
so
like
what country are you talking like
Colombia Venezuela Nicaragua? Mhm.
might
just get
paid.
Well, they kind of know how the games play. Yeah. Uh huh
Now let's make interesting uh Peggy read those things or how do you know that stuff?
No.
that's
funny. Very unusual. Yeah that's
crypto
Yeah. Is that kind of documentary Iraq or you kind of like one watch any kind? Uh huh.
What's your favorite kind of documentary that you like to watch? What genre of documentary?
Eric history too. I find history interesting I when I find really interesting is like really just wants to especially like a cult and you know different movements. It just and I just find it intriguing, you know well how people get into this stuff, you know like
science
degree.
Right. Like a scientology or you know um or even like the, that's what's his name? Jim jones, the uh stuff like that or there was something in, gosh, where was it? Like an Oregon, Some, yeah, it's just like some obscure, you know, how then
it's so many followings and
I
watched a couple
of different
three,
wow, I don't were they all got to get tattooed or branded? Yeah,
Well, but
that was like the people forgot anymore, like you look
like that normal intelligent people will happen to,
Mm
actually 1.5 actually people making just one extent. It's just, yeah, wow. Yeah. You know our youngest son, he lives in Redding California and they have one that is called Bethel Church and we never heard of it until he moved in and my oldest son was there for a little while to, and they were telling me about it. It's like a you know cult, it's a weird and he said the whole city is pretty much run by it, you know, so like anybody that get up in power in the city or anything, it's like run by this battle charge. Mhm. Yeah, I didn't know much about that, but yeah, it's pretty interesting, you know how much influence they have and Oh
we oh I go wait that down yeah. You know it doesn't have the code but I uh kind of interesting different religious groups to you know necessary code, but you know like shakers or um insure, you know it's just I just find it interesting, they're different lifestyles and different cities they have.
All
I've
been watching
that,
right? Yeah, I find that interesting to Yeah, There was another one, gosh, what is it called? This on netflix? It's money something and it explains all that industry of like honey, garlic
something
yeah and then
something about the garlic uh industry
how
Right and the day or like china I said yeah
I didn't see that one, it's it's in that one yeah yeah yeah it's Money, Money something Yeah I find that interesting to yeah yeah I am a documentary
gosh,
that
sounds
familiar to you. Not if it's something I watched it done, sounds familiar to date. Yeah it was somewhere in the south America that they have no water because the water is going to certain industry yeah maybe something
like
that
hasn't more, you know more than just that Yeah
you don't, I do, no
No
know a funny thing is um lived in Arizona for many years and uh it was not so much anymore but cotton was one of their main things they and the reason is that the forces of climate, cattle, citrus and cotton, so carton was one of the biggest crops and you know how dry Arizona
he said
misery.
but at the crime
you know agrees with citrus and they grow really well. But yeah it's creating a lot about you know what they the committee also about the water is almond somewhere they were um harvesting islands that and then I guess that was taken so much water from the area so the people who live in the area have to go somewhere to get water or have water delivered. Yeah.
And
you are okay.
So
in
like grew up countries? What
even
in europe?
Well,
I, I
grew up in the opinion, so I am in junior high and high school, I had to wear those uniforms that looks like a sailor color, you know, like the cracker jacks? Yeah. With a tie and a printed skirt. I had to wear
that.
creepy.
35.
Weird.
I don't
have kids.
exploit
that. Yeah.
Because
I
think Sea duty Stacy. Okay. D. 0. 31. Okay.
You're
Right, Right,
No,
No.
And I bet
the
70
throws
a lot more
mature.
And
he
has
to register the sex offender so it's going to follow him all the rest of his life. Yeah.
Because there
are like, you
know.
if
you even
if you just send it to your
boyfriend
or whatever,
then one.
No.
No,
no.
It's funny
that you know that I'm gonna go, you know, you talk to them about it how dangerous it is. But
no,
no,
no.
Why?
Right. Yeah, true. I think our kids got their cell phone when they were probably in high school. Yeah, that was, you know, um So yeah, the first one they didn't have cameras and then eventually they came to the camera that was like really funny. It was not really good. The only, yeah, they only got to like text call or play like really basic game that came with the phone. Yeah.
Yeah. They had a snake or you know, they pretty game. Yeah. Yeah. That's all they had.
There's like
a white this
that's
the
number. All
You're right.
Like
no
numbers.
in a grade school. Yeah. Yeah, true.
That
time high schools.
Yeah. I don't
know if they
did.
I think
you have to turn it off. No.
Yeah. Honestly, because cell phone is not just cell phone anymore. You know, it is like so many things like I would be I wouldn't completely lost but very inconvenienced if I don't have my cell phone because I have my apps and mobile banking or you know my numbers of stores. I never memorize numbers anymore, you know the messengers and yeah, it's kind of weird not have it that time has changed so much, so fast. Yeah.
Yeah, well I'm a boomer
or so.
Yeah. Right. Yeah, I think there were kids are like gen X, I think yeah, and they're
not
what?
But
yeah, so all our kids, because I think I like 29, 27, I think of our kids, so they're all gen x.
I
am
What?
you know,
Oh, well, I didn't know there was, my oldest son was born in 1991, so that's a gen X. Yeah. No, Okay.
All right, so he's just like the beginning of the gen X panda? Yeah.
member
of
that
pool now,
Yeah,
that's pretty interesting, yeah, well that was kind of interesting. It was very interesting talking to you.
meeting you, too. You have a good day.
bye.