SPEAKER_L: stuff my turkey, you want to buy all the ingredients. I tell you to put it together and all you do is something in the morning after you take care of the turkey tonight before I'll tell you what to do to the turkey. Then it's very easy. Just you can do it. You don't have to get a really big one because it's only you guys, you know you can do it, it's so easy, it's really easy. You know it's just about what I do the night before is I that's when you if you get a frozen turkey gotta get it. I'm gonna get my saturday and leave it in the package and leave it in the refrigerator until Wednesday. Thanks that many days before. Slowly. That's what you want to do. And then on Wednesday you open it up, you rinse it all out. Really really good. You've got a rental that blood out, take dinners out and it's really good and then you dry it up. How to drive. How do you get a little dry then you salt it really good and you rub the salt and that's burning it. Then you wrap it really tight in the plastic wrap it really tight. You know areas that you leave it until that's the night before. Thanksgiving. You do that on Thanksgiving morning but I did on when also that you before is I made the tough stuffing. So I get I get the bags of cubed Seasons white bread, you know stuffing cubes or whatever and you just you gotta chop up a couple onions. Saute them in butter and the celery until they like clear and some event put and celery and onions and you put salt, pepper and um what's the stuff time just set up to taste? Right and you get them all sorta until they're clear and and kind of sort you know and I when I trapped them, onions and celery have a full process of any kind. Yeah, I do that. I don't chop them, I just put everything in there and I food. But I'll tell you then, you know, I'll talk to it if you want to and what and then you just but that vegetable mix of onion and celery into the cubes before the metaphor and you must until it's and I had a little bit of one like uh get turkey, turkey stock in about. You know, I call it, I'm sorry, can I call you right back my problems about, okay, we'll call you right back to you. Right, Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: No, it's totally good. I was
SPEAKER_L: My mother? Uh
SPEAKER_R: look at the time
SPEAKER_L: are?
SPEAKER_R: and go, oh, it's almost seven. And then I'm trying to get the computer started. I'm like, oh, man,
SPEAKER_L: I know my thing never sent, it always sends me the email alert like yeah, like a half hour or something beforehand to and I end up but again you just in time
SPEAKER_R: no, well, uh it's a pleasure to talk to you tonight. I'm Jason,
SPEAKER_L: I'm jesse.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you, jesse. Um This is my sixth one. I've enjoyed every single one. It is such a fantastic experience. Uh I almost don't have the heart to tell him I do this for free. It's there's been such amazing people. Just such amazing lives and just really cool.
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: is awesome. It is a lot of fun. This is Um my 3rd 1. You're the third person I spoke to and yet all the other ones. It's funny where they at, they rate you like, you know, what's your mood and stuff in the beginning and then towards the end like I am definitely a lot creepier fun. Were
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you up to today?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I was just over at my parents house. Um My kids were They're staying over there just for a day or two and they love it over there. My parents have dogs. So
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: my daughter who's the sophomore is like, I love work, you know, and my parents, they spoil the crap out of them, so, you know, it's,
SPEAKER_L: Someone
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: has
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like here they're like, hey, we want this. I'm like, yeah, maybe not both my parents. My dad is like, oh, you want chocolate, How much chocolate do you want? Yeah, so it's pretty neat. We did and then we did some grocery shopping and um and then for me, I had to get some lesson plan dunning or some lesson plans done. So it was, you know, I can't wait for the week to be over,
SPEAKER_L: Uh it's only Tuesday. Do you like grocery shopping or do usually order?
SPEAKER_R: Um I liked it a lot better than before covid. Um Just because uh you know, I like bringing home different meals. I like to cook. So um it's pretty neat and all days. So nice because it's such
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: store.
SPEAKER_L: all day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you don't have to run around it. Um For the most part, you know what they have, So it's, it's pretty good. And then once in a while you'll find stuff where you're like, I've never tried that before. Well I'll give it a run for its money.
SPEAKER_L: They just opened a little by me. Have you, have you been there heard
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: never,
SPEAKER_L: him?
SPEAKER_R: I've never been to them, but I know that's the, the other german, yeah, I've heard they're really good like of the two of their.
SPEAKER_L: but they're definitely, it's like everything that I wanted all day to be. They have like a fresh bakery um a bigger layout kind of but it's I feel like oldie and they actually have a lot more brand name stuff there too. Like martin's potato bread, got to have the potato wherever you can get that at all do. But little has it, but I don't know, some of these things, it's literally the same thing as all day and it's just like more expensive, but it's the same thing and it's just it's so much bigger, you get a little bit lost. I like all these layout that you just go up and down the aisles and then you're at the checkout, but definitely worth exploring if you're over there. They have so like you know all the, is that one knickknack? I'll it's like random shit leaders got like four of those aisles and it's just like too much,
SPEAKER_R: No. Well that would be right up my, I love that actually. That's where my wife is right now. She drop me off. She's like, hey, don't forget you got your seven o'clock thing and I said no, I know. And then like, hey, it's Tuesday night. I wonder if all they put out the special deals yet. So Um, we're looking for some blow up reindeer and things like that because I guess they're 13 bucks which around here you just can't find stuff like that. It's so expensive. And um, we just purchased a new house. So our house in general,
SPEAKER_L: Congrats,
SPEAKER_R: I mean thank you. Well, it was one, it is a long time coming. My wife's been wanting one for, She's probably 20 years and I'm always like, no, it cost, cost, cost, cost this and then finally
SPEAKER_L: it's a lifetime
SPEAKER_R: are.
SPEAKER_L: with dad, you never stop working on it, it's just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that's what I was explaining. I told her, I'm like, you're looking at it purely as rent. Is this mortgage is this, that's not the case. I said whatever, you don't pay in taxes and don't pay in um home repair, you put towards other investments in it. It makes and she's like, we're both teachers, we don't make any money, There's no investment happening, which isn't false. But you know, it's so our daughter is going off to college in two years. So it was one where we were like, what are we going to do? Like the kids move out, are we going to stay in the same apartment? No. Do we eventually want to own? Yes. You know, we're not getting any younger, 30 year mortgages will already put us at retirement, so it's like, well we wait any longer, well then, you know, we won't even be able to pay the mortgage off before we retire and so.
SPEAKER_L: Did you get it out of it? We just finished actually two days ago was our first year anniversary of being in our house. We just go into and with everything going on, we were able to refinance. Did you get your house at a really good rate?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 3 3.1, so
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: pretty decent. Yeah. And you know where we are? We're in the Milwaukee area, so we're, you know, it's close to Milwaukee but it's not in the city of Milwaukee, so
SPEAKER_L: raise
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: Milwaukee.
SPEAKER_R: uh Wisconsin, so right above
SPEAKER_L: you Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_R: Chicago. Yeah, just if you took Chicago and you go straight up 94, you'll hit Milwaukee. So, and I live just a little bit outside of it, so, but I'm not one of those where some people say I live malarkey, where are you from? I'm from Hartford, that's an hour away, that's not, not close. Uh no, for us, we live in a small village called Greendale. Um It was actually created by FDR during Depression And he created five Green Belt cities in the United States and one of them being Greendale. And uh, what was need about it was you didn't actually buy your home, you rented it from the federal government. So you actually have, like, our house is stupid small because, you know, I don't have a ton of money, but you can go like four blocks away and there's a nine bedroom house mixed in with like the two bedroom, three bedroom. So it's a really neat community. Um It's, I didn't grow up here, I grew up in another suburb that's considerably less affluent. Um but you know, it's for us, it was, You know, when we're looking for a place to live, we found an apartment for three bedroom, 800 bucks. Couldn't beat that. So we moved here and then
SPEAKER_L: Sounds
SPEAKER_R: my wife loved the area. So she found a house that you know it's nice because the house is small so we don't have time to clean and um but it's not like you know super smaller, you're right on top of each other and but we'll see. I didn't like the process, home buying sucks.
SPEAKER_L: It does. Oh my gosh. Your slaves to your phone and the emails and then you thought you got everything in and they're like, no, you're missing that. Then you get everything and again and they're like, well now we need updated because that was last month and is insane and refinancing was a bigger headache but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's my parents just did that and uh. Mhm. I don't know. It's crazy how low the interest rates are because I was telling my wife at 3.1 inflation's three usually around that. I mean in a healthy economy, you know, so you're pretty much as long as you're not putting thousands and thousands into it. That's that's pretty good. And in our lifetime I think we'll see inflation because I mean the amount of federal spending and a lot of things so it's it's something else. So Well maybe that's wishful thinking, I'm hoping there's inflation because if there is then the value of the house would obviously appreciate faster than the amount of money we get. Which
SPEAKER_L: I can only hope. But who knows? And everything's been so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: huh. I think
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: my wife, oh God sorry
SPEAKER_L: no, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say my wife uses caddy rumpus and uh
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty just messed up. It's from did I think it's from Disney or something, but if you would have said a year ago that we would be experiencing this with all the things that going, I wouldn't have believed it it just it was inconceivable. But you were saying sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say like, you know like what you're saying, you've got a 3.1 we refinanced at 2.75. It's just like it feels like we're just stealing at this point but we're here on Long Island. Um I don't know what it's like in your area but our house and values and property taxes and everything are insane. Even in 2.75
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: 2.75 and refinancing, we're still at like 2500 a month. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's it's not that here but it's close like for us I think Um with Escarole and everything it's like 1300 And because the house was 245 which I told my wife way too expensive. Um Right Well
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for three bedroom it's like and and the kicker is like 10 years ago when we first started looking when I was early in my teaching career, we could have got the same house for like 1 35
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: 1 45. No I'm serious. It's in the last five years it's gone up like 6% a year. So like my parents house when they bought it when I was a kid, I think they bought it for like 62,000 and right now that same house goes for like 260. 60. And I have seen how my dad fixes things, he didn't put $200,000 worth of anything in that house. So it's it's crazy and I mean the biggest challenge around here is the housing stock goes from like good to garbage and you know like I mean for us we paid to 45 for a house, did it? You know, a year ago went for like 220 and then
SPEAKER_L: What are the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: property
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: taxes there?
SPEAKER_R: five Grand. It's stupid. Just ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Especially.
SPEAKER_L: more than I thought
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well it's
SPEAKER_L: Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_R: Greendale stupidly high. But it's one of those situations where like they have a historic preservation community, part of that, that's a big chunk and then we have a big mall in town, South Ridge that's closing down. So it's like that's where all the property taxes came from. So yeah, it's uh I told my wife that when we were buying, I'm like why are we buying in Greendale? We know Southbridge is gonna go down when it does, there's no industry here. And she's like, wow, you're not moving to West Allis where you grew up like, I know the kids would, you know, kids were getting gangs or something, but come on, we would pay 100,000 less for the house. She did not have that, She did not find the humor in it. But you know, I have family that live in like California and texas and what they say, they pay on my wow and they're like, well how much do you make a year? I'm like, well no, not that. And they're like, we have to paint one of my cousins I think lives in Napa. He pays 30 200 for a studio. What a studio like that. Was that even possible? But You know, I just in my lifetime seeing you know, like said, I I remember looking at houses for like 80,000 and thinking that's too damn much money. So when we finally signed the closing paperwork for ours, it was like, This is a quarter of $1 million dollars like this. This
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: is no
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: dunk
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: change.
SPEAKER_L: definitely it's a chain but at least you now the potential for something to pass down to your daughter afterwards and you know
SPEAKER_R: That's, that's what we're, that's, we're hoping. And actually, you know, it's funny is the main reason we did it was student loans Um with regards to how much we make, we don't make it time, but because I'm a pretty decent saver, we had like 20 grand in the bank. And my financial person who I was talking to was like, you do realize that if you keep that in your bank, her first year for student loans, she won't get anything like, yeah, we can't afford, we can't afford to go into school, She doesn't get loans and they're like, well they'll make you use that. I'm like, that is 15 years of saving like, you know, nickel and dime like going all day and going, nope, that's not on sale.
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: So that was the final thing that pushed us to the, to the brink. It was like, and then uh, our apartment, they're, they're thinking of selling. So our apartments 800 around us next is 1500 1600 and 1700 for two bedroom, three bedrooms. And I'm like, I don't know where we would find that. That's, that's one of my checks, you know, per
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: month.
SPEAKER_L: nice that they have like grand fathered you into that price over the years. That's really good
SPEAKER_R: And what's neat about our apartment complex? It was, it's owned by a lawyer who's like 90 years old and he, his philosophy is, I don't want people moving, I want him to come in, stay there, don't trash the place, don't get the cops called and we'll keep it reasonable. Um, but like I said, he's like 92 and his kids are, you know, I think they want out because you know just the property management sucks. Um Not that I've ever experienced it but um I had some family that owned some property and such and you know they would be like yeah the renter through cement down this you know donna sink and stuff like that and you're like what is wrong with people? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I actually worked for an apartment chain uh doing like the me and stuff and the shit I hear from these people on a daily basis is just like you can't even be trusted in your own home if this is how you're treating your temporary space of living, there's animals does Wisconsin had because in new york we have um the thing that we passed I guess about five years ago the Excelsior scholarship um you know goes off your parents income and he basically trade your four years of loyalty to being a resident and you get all your basic tuition paid for.
SPEAKER_R: No Wisconsin and the kicker is the cost in Wisconsin for college has gone up. I mean I remember paying like, gosh I went to a state school, Uw Whitewater. Um It's known for business and teaching and I went teaching. Mhm, definitely not the best life. So I sort of made, my sister went for business and she makes like 250,000 a year and she's like, Oh So Jason you made 60 last year, I had a bonus, I had a bonus of 60 grand in my dad's great care Zaza. Um But I think my last year's tuition was like, I think it was like 8000 or no, it was it was 8000 semester 16,000 for the year. How's that? My daughter is looking and she looked at Whitewater because she's like, I want to be a war hawk too, and I'm like as long as you're going business, going teaching and get it done and she goes and I looked at the financial aid and it was like 34,000 semester, it had doubled And I mean, you know now granted that was 15 years ago, but or 20 years ago. Almost almost 20. Um but Crazy, you know that it went from 16 to 31st state school? It's not like it's marquette.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Like I looked
SPEAKER_L: insane.
SPEAKER_R: at Mark. Yeah. When I looked at marquette, My dad was like, you do realize you're not going there, like it's 40,000 a semester, like even with scholarships. Mhm. So, and then I looked at Madison because Madison's our flagship, you know, you know, that's the University of Wisconsin. Um same thing like 35,000, you know, the challenges. My my daughter's super bright, she's in top for class. But You know, like when she's looking at schools going, it's 40,000 a year, I'm like, that's not a thing that just isn't
SPEAKER_L: War.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, but I wish we had that. I gosh, that would be so, so nice. I just wish, you know, with, for anything in society, if we look and go, how do we want to move the United States forward? College education and health care. If those two things were taken care of, everybody would be able to have a much better opportunity? Just right, I don't know, it's it's Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like if we invested more when they're in school in the beginning instead of this fake college dream, like I feel like kids in elementary school kids should be picking up the language by second grade because by
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: time your second grade, you already know how to read, write and speak, you're, You already have that pack down enough that you could pick up Spanish or something like that. And by the time you're in middle, like 8th 9th grade, there should be having like more, you know, not just home act like a mechanic class or like a basic first aid class. Like more of those career focused things, like periods where you're, you know, instead of an extra, I mean, I'm all for, you know, grammar social studies and everything that you can make room for like a career oriented period where it's just solely like kids dipping their fingers and other things because it's like, it's all this bullshit standardized test regime. By the time you're 18, you have to invest in college and like I have my stupid bachelor's in business, I don't know what the hell I'm doing with it and everything. And I only went because I just have this false idea that if I go to school, like everyone says everything is going to be all right, right, it's not an easy fix. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well and the kicker is it's kind of that darned if you do damned if you don't because you know, I mean with at least with the bachelors that provides opportunity but it costs so damn much money. But the flip side is if you don't have it, you know, it's just yeah,
SPEAKER_L: You never know
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: about that other opportunity
SPEAKER_R: it what they never taught you in school and you know and and it never will is it's about this much how much you know and it's really this much who you know and you know for a lot of working class families like myself, I didn't know anybody, you know, you know my dad was a while they're my mom was a nurse state so there wasn't a role of decks of people that were you know knowledge, you know finance or any of that stuff and you know that's one thing because I teach middle school now, I caught high school before but I always tell my kids and like you know just be a good person, worked really hard and understand that there is going to be so many times in your life you're gonna look and go what went wrong, this is the playbook I ran was good and um you know, I use a football analogy with some of the, you know, some of the kids that like sports and I'll use the dance analogy brothers, I go, you know for football, I go even the best laid plans, there's interceptions and then you know with my students that are big into the arts and such, I go, you know with every painting, there's a miss stroke or if there's a dance move, everybody falls I said, but you know, the secret to life is, you know, you don't lose the game on one interception, You don't lose the painting on one bad stroke and you don't lose the dance with one fall, you just gotta power through. And then they're like, what about you? I said, believe me, I wish I could tell you everything. When is it shut? It didn't. There's plenty of times where I've sat back and thought, man, am I the stupidest personal life? And then the kids are like, you, you're, I'm like, well thank you appreciate that. But you know, I've only been to new york once and it's beautiful out there. It's, it's what I believe. You know, if if the United States really had its head together, would realize that it's a jewel. It really is. And not just the city of new york city. I mean Buffalo was amazing and I'll couple other places that were really neat.
SPEAKER_L: Upstate is really nice. It's a really good new york's a really good melting pot. Everyone is all about, you know, new york strong now.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: No, have any of you guys gotten sick or anything?
SPEAKER_R: thankfully not me. But it's coming. I mean we're one of the hotspots because of Green Bay, um, like the meat packing plant, they didn't shut it down and it just exploded. And then around here, because I don't know where it's like 50 50 here. Like you get, you know, the urban areas tend to be more democratic, that suburbs and the sticks tend to be more right. And there's people that would like post on facebook, like you can't make me wear a mask. You do realize people are dying. So, um, just uh, just yesterday I found out my grandma has it, she's in a nursing home. Um, and then, um, I have an uncle who just contracted it about two weeks ago
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: and then I've seen some, my wife school, there's been like six teachers because my school were virtual. So like you know, I haven't had to go to school, I have to go in once in a while and drop stuff off for kids, but It's not bad. My wife schools five days in person and it's just exploding. Uh you know we had a teacher, his daughter is 27 years old and she went got it went to the hospital, they got her home, they're like oh you're on the recovery, you're on the men and she passed 27 years old. I mean I'm 38. So The fact that this young lady was 10 years younger is just it, there aren't words for it, like in a rational world, things like that don't happen. So I I don't know how it is by you guys. I mean it's I said it it's scary and you still have,
SPEAKER_L: it's been pretty crazy over here. Me and my family had it already. It wasn't it wasn't too bad, I got to say, but we were, you know when the lucky ones didn't
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: have,
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: you know the taste or smell beat her body aches? My husband was crazy. Body aches sweating. Both of us have like the sniffles and our little when she was completely fine, you couldn't even tell anything. She was just like, what's wrong with you guys? Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: And that was about it After like the 3rd we guys was finally able to get my smell and taste back. But in the beginning it's just like, oh my gosh, what's going to happen? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's so good to hear. Okay. And that's it's I mean my uncle who had it, he's fine. He's same thing like he Week or two Cough everything. Um You know, I have a friend of mine who's a policeman, he lost his sense of taste. So the funniest thing with him was he, you know, he he didn't get affected too much but he lost sense of taste. So he was like, he had a facebook, he's like this is beer, this water, this is how bad this sucks. And he's like, so he's making light of it. Um And he's, you know, and that's what he said. He goes he goes be careful. He goes, there are people who are on both spectrums. Some people, it doesn't faze him. Some people that kills him. He goes, just know where, you don't know where you fall until you get it be safe. Um, but you know, it's one of those situations that a year ago, if you well actually I can you laugh at this, but february. I did an assignment with the kids and it was the graph of one in of, you know, the of covid how it's spreading in china and showing the exponential growth. And we were just talking about exponential growth like this, how it happens. And the kid said to me goes, do you think this will knock us out of school? And I was like, of course not. We were the United, we're a first world nation. There is zero possibility that we won't have a significant response to this. That it will not. I said China is, you know, a second world, third world, depending on where in china you are. I said, we're going to be able to fight this. We have the best health care system in the world. Never. What I have thought like that we'd
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: been,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: eat
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: those words?
SPEAKER_R: well, I mean for us, a good example in the school district I work in, I work in the school district that I went to, um, actually left the more affluent district to go to my hometown because you know, everybody wants to be the, the kid that comes back and does right. Um, for us, uh, in West Allis, that's where the state fair is. And they created a giant covid. Um, I don't know best way to put it essentially
SPEAKER_L: From,
SPEAKER_R: a field hospital and they built it like, geez, probably december of last year. So like right after or december last year and it was empty for like five months. So they were thinking of taking it down And they're like, oh yeah we won't need it, we won't need it just last week, they've had 75 people in it. And it's because the hospitals now around here, I mean the Milwaukee area, there's hospitals all over the place, but you go upstate and you're looking at like Appleton, Green Bay Lacrosse, You know, fairly, you know, 50,000 now for New York, they're not big, but for Wisconsin, you know, once you get outside of the metro's Milwaukee Madison and Green Bay, I mean it gets small pretty quick, the hospitals are getting over run and you know, it's the challenge that we're seeing is the strain is what really matters. Like there's some strains that I've seen that are very effective but they're not very invasive. And then there's some that are just, and I remember the one that hit Italy. I had family that lived in Italy and said like what you're experiencing, United States is not the same virus that we're experiencing hearing. It's just, you know, I think the thing that sucks about it is there so much unknown? You know? I mean that's
SPEAKER_L: Seems like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: every time
SPEAKER_R: every time
SPEAKER_L: you open
SPEAKER_R: he gave
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: it up.
SPEAKER_L: news, something different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But you know, it's good to hear that like people like you that got through it and are fine and you know, that's good to know because that's the scariest thing for something I haven't experienced it, you know? And for my family, they have a lot of health conditions that could affect cancer survivors, diabetes, that kind of stuff. It's just, you know, But then, I mean, it's so much else like, you know, my wife comes home from school gets right in the shower, tries to do everything she can.
SPEAKER_L: five
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: days is uh and are they like little kids or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she's a 4th grade teacher so
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: does.
SPEAKER_L: Petri dishes at that point.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah it's, my mom's 1/4 grade teacher and my wife is and it's just it's just crazy like you know she'll tell me story like she works in women all school district which is Hales corners, Greenfield and franklin all mixed together. Um They're not even social distancing like their superintendents like yeah we don't have six ft. So when I was watching the board presentation, the board was like well what are we doing? Precaution? They're like oh we're doing everything we can. So the parents think they are But they're not and it's just spiking 24% of her school was out yesterday, Almost the 4th of the school was out. And they're still like yeah we're gonna go we're fine, we're just going to quarantine and it's you know, and then you go to the other side. My school districts like, yeah, we're not going back until probably after christmas and they're like, you know, we can't afford to lose any of you. It's were too difficult of a district to lose teachers and right.
SPEAKER_L: That's insane.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It runs the gamut, you know? And what's crazy about us is the more affluent areas like the really rich, they're all back where the, you know, the areas like West Allis Milwaukee that are much more impoverished. Um They're not
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: It's the more richer areas that are are back to I guess because they just can't be bothered with that kind of stuff. Long Island and Saints got like over 100 school districts in our little sliver and yeah, it's like the more bustier areas are the ones that have all been five days and we're also the ones that, yeah, they're already having covid cases, They've already done their intermediate two week remote things and it's just like, it is really worth it.
SPEAKER_R: Well, and the kicker to me is if we would have had any kind of policy ahead of time, it could have been so much less. I mean, especially around here, like, I mean Wisconsin it, I don't mean to swear it's fucking cold. Like when it's when it's december january, february. It's I mean, you're talking like 10 degrees if it gets really crappy, it's like negative 20. I mean this could have been contained because people aren't going out. If they would have just been just better leadership statewide. Better leadership, Federalist. It's just it could have been so much so much safer. So much better. The thing is with viruses, they mutate this. I mean this could conceivably with us the rest of our adult lives now. Not like this because there will be vaccines and there will be but I mean this could be the seasonal cold which for the most of us would be no you can't taste which you can't tell. I'm kind of on the port leader side I like to eat.
SPEAKER_L: Stop.
SPEAKER_R: Um I talked about a kick in the butt if I couldn't taste food or beer. I mean not you know, but it would be a real problem. Um But that's the kind of stuff that just I don't know, I think the best word is selfless, our selfishness for some, you know, they just couldn't be bothered.
SPEAKER_L: That's the most important part of the people who are just Yeah, like you said, the ones that are like, you can't force me to wear a mask,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, but well someday in the future this will all be behind us and there will be better times
SPEAKER_L: we'll be in
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the history books. That's for sure.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and when it's all taken care of, you know, we'll be able to tell our hopefully kids and grandkids that we made it through and you'll make it through, but I will also get the opportunity to tell him that I had an amazing conversation and I really want, you know, I really did make my night, so I really do appreciate your time.
SPEAKER_L: Of course, there's a few funny assignment for your kids or something. This this has been a really interesting thing. It's it's actually it's a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I look forward to the day where my personal kids get to do something like this. Because I remember the first time I saw it, it was like because, you know, I'd never done prolific, you know, I did it because there's a site on Reddit called Beer Money and I was like,
SPEAKER_L: That's where I got it, too.
SPEAKER_R: that's okay,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: there it is.
SPEAKER_L: where I got it.
SPEAKER_R: So I saw beer money and I thought, you know, especially during summer, like, you know, you know, the part time job doesn't take up as much time as a full time job and it's, you know, future, you're always busy. So, and during summer, especially with Covid, I was like, I like the idea of making more money and This is kind of eight. So when I saw this one and it was like 14 bucks and like, so wait, All I have to do is talk for 25 minutes and I'll get $15. That's fantastic. And then I mean just the litany of people and you know, you've I've seen all sorts all over the country, texas and California and Um I can't remember the one where there was one person I think from Mississippi that was in a town of like 300 people. And she's like, I don't think you understand 300 peoples. Like I'm like, my graduating class was 300, I couldn't even
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: bad. Um, and then I talked to one lady. She was like, I think she was like a senior VP at group. So like money was no object. She was talking about like a swimming pool in her yard. There was no joke square footage wise, easily twice the size of my parents house,
SPEAKER_L: Holy shit.
SPEAKER_R: you know, and then everything in between and it's just, it's been so awesome. You know, it really has. Um, and I had something like this with pre Covid, I would have never done, you know, I'm a relatively shy person outside of school because, you know, obviously in school you can't be, but in
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: my personal life, you know, I wouldn't just come up to someone and be like, hey, how are you with this? It's just been such, such a need experience.
SPEAKER_L: All right, Jason
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have a good night. It is a pleasure
SPEAKER_L: have a good
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: night.
SPEAKER_R: to you.
SPEAKER_L: Congratulations with the house.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, congratulations to you with, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Be well and be safe.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, too.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.