stuff my turkey, you want to buy all the ingredients. I tell you to put it together and all you do is something in the morning after you take care of the turkey tonight before I'll tell you what to do to the turkey. Then it's very easy. Just you can do it. You don't have to get a really big one because it's only you guys, you know you can do it, it's so easy, it's really easy. You know it's just about what I do the night before is I that's when you if you get a frozen turkey gotta get it. I'm gonna get my saturday and leave it in the package and leave it in the refrigerator until Wednesday. Thanks that many days before. Slowly. That's what you want to do. And then on Wednesday you open it up, you rinse it all out. Really really good. You've got a rental that blood out, take dinners out and it's really good and then you dry it up. How to drive. How do you get a little dry then you salt it really good and you rub the salt and that's burning it. Then you wrap it really tight in the plastic wrap it really tight. You know areas that you leave it until that's the night before. Thanksgiving. You do that on Thanksgiving morning but I did on when also that you before is I made the tough stuffing. So I get I get the bags of cubed Seasons white bread, you know stuffing cubes or whatever and you just you gotta chop up a couple onions. Saute them in butter and the celery until they like clear and some event put and celery and onions and you put salt, pepper and um what's the stuff time just set up to taste? Right and you get them all sorta until they're clear and and kind of sort you know and I when I trapped them, onions and celery have a full process of any kind. Yeah, I do that. I don't chop them, I just put everything in there and I food. But I'll tell you then, you know, I'll talk to it if you want to and what and then you just but that vegetable mix of onion and celery into the cubes before the metaphor and you must until it's and I had a little bit of one like uh get turkey, turkey stock in about. You know, I call it, I'm sorry, can I call you right back my problems about, okay, we'll call you right back to you. Right, Hi, how are you?
My mother? Uh
are?
I know my thing never sent, it always sends me the email alert like yeah, like a half hour or something beforehand to and I end up but again you just in time
I'm jesse.
That
is awesome. It is a lot of fun. This is Um my 3rd 1. You're the third person I spoke to and yet all the other ones. It's funny where they at, they rate you like, you know, what's your mood and stuff in the beginning and then towards the end like I am definitely a lot creepier fun. Were
you up to today?
Thanks.
Someone
has
to.
Uh it's only Tuesday. Do you like grocery shopping or do usually order?
I love
all day.
They just opened a little by me. Have you, have you been there heard
of
him?
but they're definitely, it's like everything that I wanted all day to be. They have like a fresh bakery um a bigger layout kind of but it's I feel like oldie and they actually have a lot more brand name stuff there too. Like martin's potato bread, got to have the potato wherever you can get that at all do. But little has it, but I don't know, some of these things, it's literally the same thing as all day and it's just like more expensive, but it's the same thing and it's just it's so much bigger, you get a little bit lost. I like all these layout that you just go up and down the aisles and then you're at the checkout, but definitely worth exploring if you're over there. They have so like you know all the, is that one knickknack? I'll it's like random shit leaders got like four of those aisles and it's just like too much,
Congrats,
it's a lifetime
with dad, you never stop working on it, it's just
Did you get it out of it? We just finished actually two days ago was our first year anniversary of being in our house. We just go into and with everything going on, we were able to refinance. Did you get your house at a really good rate?
That's
pretty
good.
raise
Milwaukee.
you Wisconsin.
Sounds
It does. Oh my gosh. Your slaves to your phone and the emails and then you thought you got everything in and they're like, no, you're missing that. Then you get everything and again and they're like, well now we need updated because that was last month and is insane and refinancing was a bigger headache but
I can only hope. But who knows? And everything's been so crazy.
We
no, go ahead.
What's
that?
I was gonna say like, you know like what you're saying, you've got a 3.1 we refinanced at 2.75. It's just like it feels like we're just stealing at this point but we're here on Long Island. Um I don't know what it's like in your area but our house and values and property taxes and everything are insane. Even in 2.75
2.75 and refinancing, we're still at like 2500 a month. Yeah.
Yeah.
And.
What are the
property
taxes there?
That's
more than I thought
Wisconsin.
it's
great.
It's
definitely it's a chain but at least you now the potential for something to pass down to your daughter afterwards and you know
True.
That's
nice that they have like grand fathered you into that price over the years. That's really good
I actually worked for an apartment chain uh doing like the me and stuff and the shit I hear from these people on a daily basis is just like you can't even be trusted in your own home if this is how you're treating your temporary space of living, there's animals does Wisconsin had because in new york we have um the thing that we passed I guess about five years ago the Excelsior scholarship um you know goes off your parents income and he basically trade your four years of loyalty to being a resident and you get all your basic tuition paid for.
That's
insane.
War.
I feel like if we invested more when they're in school in the beginning instead of this fake college dream, like I feel like kids in elementary school kids should be picking up the language by second grade because by
the
time your second grade, you already know how to read, write and speak, you're, You already have that pack down enough that you could pick up Spanish or something like that. And by the time you're in middle, like 8th 9th grade, there should be having like more, you know, not just home act like a mechanic class or like a basic first aid class. Like more of those career focused things, like periods where you're, you know, instead of an extra, I mean, I'm all for, you know, grammar social studies and everything that you can make room for like a career oriented period where it's just solely like kids dipping their fingers and other things because it's like, it's all this bullshit standardized test regime. By the time you're 18, you have to invest in college and like I have my stupid bachelor's in business, I don't know what the hell I'm doing with it and everything. And I only went because I just have this false idea that if I go to school, like everyone says everything is going to be all right, right, it's not an easy fix. Yeah.
You never know
about that other opportunity
Upstate is really nice. It's a really good new york's a really good melting pot. Everyone is all about, you know, new york strong now.
No, have any of you guys gotten sick or anything?
We
it's been pretty crazy over here. Me and my family had it already. It wasn't it wasn't too bad, I got to say, but we were, you know when the lucky ones didn't
have,
you know the taste or smell beat her body aches? My husband was crazy. Body aches sweating. Both of us have like the sniffles and our little when she was completely fine, you couldn't even tell anything. She was just like, what's wrong with you guys? Um
And that was about it After like the 3rd we guys was finally able to get my smell and taste back. But in the beginning it's just like, oh my gosh, what's going to happen? Mhm.
Do
you
eat
those words?
From,
Seems like
every time
you open
the
news, something different.
five
days is uh and are they like little kids or?
there's
still
Petri dishes at that point.
That's insane.
It
is.
It's the more richer areas that are are back to I guess because they just can't be bothered with that kind of stuff. Long Island and Saints got like over 100 school districts in our little sliver and yeah, it's like the more bustier areas are the ones that have all been five days and we're also the ones that, yeah, they're already having covid cases, They've already done their intermediate two week remote things and it's just like, it is really worth it.
Stop.
That's the most important part of the people who are just Yeah, like you said, the ones that are like, you can't force me to wear a mask,
we'll be in
the history books. That's for sure.
Of course, there's a few funny assignment for your kids or something. This this has been a really interesting thing. It's it's actually it's a lot of fun.
That's where I got it, too.
That's
where I got it.
my gosh.
Holy shit.
Who?
All right, Jason
have a good
night.
Congratulations with the house.
Thank you. Be well and be safe.
Thanks.