hi
hi how are you?
I like your back. Is that your I was gonna say I like your background.
Uh I'm out here in California, how about you
Alabama? Oh wow okay this is so weird. So I had a chat with someone else I think a few weeks ago and he was also from Alabama. So yeah I don't know it was weird because I was like my first time I think meeting someone from Alabama.
Yeah very small. Yeah. What um part of Alabama like
just.
have
Right. Nice. Okay. Yeah I have heard of Huntsville I think like after my talk a few weeks ago I got to know I got to get a little bit more familiar with them Alabama's geography so yeah
um Northern California. So near near san Francisco. Um
Oh nice. That's not too far from yeah pretty pretty close. Um Yeah I guess is this your I assume this isn't your first time doing this
chat
or?
They're nice. Okay.
Yeah, I would say like maybe I think four or five, so yeah,
do you usually like these chats or you're just
like
think my might have gone pretty well except for the last one, which is what the other guy from Alabama. Yeah,
I mean
yeah, no I think you're ready or I think he was in college so I think maybe he was still right figuring things out and he had a roommate in the background so it was just like I would talk to you and it would be moving around so it's a little distracting, you know? But I mean all good, you know what do you do like for I guess did today occupation
or?
Oh that's
that's
I work, I don't know if you've heard a product design, so I designed like digital, like websites and applications. Um
Yeah,
and
political science, so completely
yeah, exactly. A big, big 1 80 I think the nice thing about design is like, at least here in California is like, a lot of people aren't from design backgrounds and they're able to still transition. So it's been nice. It's been
challenging,
but yeah,
that's
Um say 2, 3 years. So uh yeah,
not not
too long. I still feel like this industry changes so much and I don't know, you heard like Apple released the new iphone right about a week ago or something
and the mobile designs difference now we have to go back and like, it's basically
like on you as a designer to like learn about yeah, older designs and it's like, yeah, it's a lot, it's, and then google like reed is not rebranded to, I think like if you look at their icons now and it's just like, I don't know, it's just a lot to like really like taken at once, but it's good and I love what I do. So um
um I used to be in recruiting so completely different. I feel like life has been like a ton of one eighties, but so you know, honestly, really good experiences and I used
to recruit for designers and I think just talking to them, I got to know them better and they were really encouraging and supportive lee. So once I met, so I am sure, you know, every industry has great and not not so great folks. Um and
they just really encouraged me to kind of go for and ever since then, I don't think I've looked back and I'm pretty happy to be here. So
I was gonna ask, how did you get into Nasa? I'm sure others might have asked you, but I'm
And
Trouble.
That's fantastic. Yeah. That's awesome. How long have you been been at Nasa?
So just a little that's awesome. That's,
I mean when you say like going back to what you said, like civil engineering was a cop out like what was this kind of like something I don't know because I'm not too familiar with the civil versus like mechanical engineering, but was it like considered the easier, like
major by
engineers are?
interesting.
Right. Okay. That's interesting, wow,
that's
that's no,
that's super great. I mean so now that like when you and your brother meet up like is he kind of just like, oh so you actually did make it to Nasa
with your dream job?
Yeah.
Oh that's awesome. It might seem like a smoothie. I was watching about the first like female indian pilot and how she had made a comment to her brother about how she wanted to be a pilot and he had told her oh it's only like there's like no woman who like fly helicopters and then she actually ended up being like the first pilot in female pilot in India. So I don't know that comment was like very uh interesting. Yeah
but typical assembly like rivalry or whatever. Yeah, that's cool. Okay. So have you been in Alabama like your entire life or have you moved out of state
or other?
big
difference,
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, it seems like you've gone okay, so,
but I guess like now, right, like you're an ass and everything, like do you feel like in the future you want to
move to different states, you're pretty subtle set on Alabama for now?
It's
just anything.
that's
I guess if you were to pick another state or states that you wanted to live in, what what would those be?
to? Yeah,
I
haven't, yeah, that's a good, I feel like I'm interviewing you, but anyways uh gosh, I would say, I don't know like the um New England Area, I don't know something about it just seems really appealing, like
the historical
and I don't know
why I lately I've been obsessed with clam chowder and
and
yeah right it's just like and I went to see we were in Seattle and Seattle has like a really good clam chowder place, like it's like one of those iconic touristy places, but I just don't think it would be as comparable to New England clam chowder, which is like right, that
original. Yeah, so I don't know why that, but I don't know, I think there'd be some kind of like rustic charm out there, that would
be
very different. Yeah.
yeah, that's
what I yeah yeah it would be really nice to get out but yeah okay temper um I have another question and I just completely blanked. Yeah so yeah
okay I completely, I had a question about Nasa news, okay never mind, I forgot what I was gonna ask.
It's been a long long friday but
California.
Yeah pretty much. So it seems like I feel like I just hopped around between the bay area and central California, so I'm also kind of curious to see what like what other states kind of hold you know? Um Yeah.
Yeah I mean I feel like just being in this like tech bubble here, it's like you're exposed to one way of life and it's like well I think that was appealing in college now not so much like right as you're looking for like more meaningful things as opposed to like I don't know status or um like material items for instance but yeah.
that's
neat.
Have been
completed
Mhm.
yeah,
that
was,
but,
Yeah. So then where did they buy their groceries? Just, they all went to, They drove two hours to Walmart.
Pretty serious,
where you could like stock up? Oh, that's right. And I would imagine like the winters in Wyoming a pretty brutal, right? I don't know what the weather
was.
Oh, that's awesome. Well, okay, so you acted, you
didn't end up taking
good job.
And then that was what? Okay, so you, do you think like if you have not received that offer from the civil engineer from, you might have
taken
off?
Okay, so that was like, let me yeah.
Yeah, I agree. I feel like when I was a pretty nice day, like we also went to Yellowstone and we went in june but even, I remember like in june at night the temperatures would drop to like the thirties or twenties and great. Obviously like mentioned California is pretty warm too. So I never experienced such cold weather in like summer. So, um,
I'm gonna go ahead. I was, yeah,
Right. That is pretty interesting. I never, yeah, I mean, I guess like what, like does that Alabama like what are the seasons kind of like that? Because all I know is like it's hot and humid and that's like the
That's it,
okay. I see. So that's like, so like, yeah, and then like it's hard to get humid. I am assuming in like june or earlier. Okay. And the team it all the way to like september or
Oh, that's rough. Yeah. Yeah. Like here it's not a human, right? Like we live in the valley, so it's really dry. And I remember like when I went to new york for a week and it was the hottest week in new york in 2018, I was like over 100 degrees. And you know how like, there's like no A. C. And you know, there's all those little portable ones because usually new york just to get the hot and it was so humid. I remember we were like walking around at seven a.m. And we're just like covered in sweat like by eight. And it's like, that's crazy. But I feel like my skin was like the best it was that week. Whereas I hear, I feel like something about the lack of humidity and that central valley or kind of like makes you like perpetually dry. Like even in the summer, winters are really bad for like anyone. I think if you have dry skin or any skin conditions. Yeah.
But
I bet.
Did you, when you were in Denver experience any like altitude, like sickness or anything?
Yeah. Ok. Yeah. I heard it's like a pretty big thing for like anyone who is moving from California right out of state because so many people are moving out of state. Um Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. Yeah, we were planning on visiting number and then we'll covid happened and we decided not to go just because you know, easier
pretty
okay.
See.
Yeah. Oh, that's fine. Okay, so you're okay. Well I mean like congrats I mean your
wife like
that's awesome, wow.
Oh that's so soon. Okay, so you're like preparing for, well okay so you're already a dad, you have another child? Okay
wow.
That's that's that's really exciting. I mean I don't yeah it's exciting because I was thinking my coworkers who, I mean a lot of them have kids who are older but I was just thinking like this concerning and how hard that is. It's been great for them to manage that. But I guess luckily for your kids are okay.
But
Okay.
that's interesting. Okay. Um I was just gonna ask like how how are things like obviously like you know with covid down in Alabama I mean obviously things are, I feel like it varies across every part of the country, so.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's interesting. It's like, you know, like I think here like in debate in the bay area, like people take it really seriously, like you get like mask shamed if you're even if you're like outside like right, like, but it was weird because we want to give somebody a few weeks ago and there
was a lot of people I think out of, I'm assuming out of state maybe from other parts of California and like It was like 50% mass, 50% no mass. And I don't know, it's like a weird thing because yeah, I'm so used to seeing people in them now that like when you see people without them, like groups have been like, oh, I don't know, it's just like pre
Yeah.
Okay. I mean, what is like, what would be like one of the first things you would do once this hopefully is over. I don't even know what that classified.
Yeah. That's a good, I, I feel like, gosh, like something like going to the gym, I know that's how it's really like date and every day, but the gyms have reopened here. But of course a lot of, um, you know, indoor, like swimming pools and stuff is still close. This is like the weight room, but I don't know because I'm still with my parents and they're a bit older so they don't want me going to the gym and I kind of have to respect that because, right? Like at risk. And I was like, I think if I lived in my, if I still lived on my own before Covid, that would be okay. But I don't know, I miss going to the gym. It's, you know, a nice, nice feeling. So yeah, yeah.
Nothing two special. Honestly. So
Right. Yeah. I would say that restaurant experience would be different to write because you have like Plexico plexi
glass and like everyone sitting far apart. So I was trying to think the last time I ate when I was back in March, it before everything shut down here. So I was thinking it was kind of sad. I was like if I knew that was my last time, I would have chosen a really elaborate place as opposed to one of my daily like guidance spots.
Thank you. Yeah.
Okay. That,
what would you say is kind of like the state food of Alabama.
Okay. That's what Okay, interesting. Yeah. Would
you sing?
Okay. I was thinking of texas to when you mentioned that because I remember like I had really good pulled pork or barbecue in texas. Um Yeah, that
sounds really good. Yeah. I don't know. We'll see. I hope things get better right with this year. Like I know there's been like taco vaccines and all that, so well.
You're
And
And
I know I'm with you there. I think I would also wait and I would be curious to see like what the side effects or anything are right like, like, and I know there's a lot of talk of like anti-vaxxers and Stossel. I don't know, it's, it's going to be another interesting debate. I feel like when we reach that point so. Yeah. Um Okay. I am probably, I know you were keeping time. I didn't, I just had my other type of it, but I'm probably going to have to hop off to do some rents and parents before it's like 4 30
over
here. So trying to catch
everywhere.
I can yeah. Yeah. Don't worry. Sorry, I'm not trying to brush off or anything. I was
No, no, no. Yeah
I was.
I guess like what kind of like prompted you or like what what made you interested in joining prolific and doing like these studies.
No, I have to say the same exact thing right there. Like also following the L. P. T. S. Or I think beer money or something like that. And someone was
like, hey
I like this one as opposed to I think one of the other ones I tried with slag books. I don't know if you've heard of it
but
okay you didn't know it was okay. Did you? You didn't really like that experience as much
for?
Yeah I would say same with you. I didn't like it and I just felt like there were it was just really bad and I hated like taking a survey getting halfway
through it being disqualified and you're like I just wasted five minutes or 10 minutes of my time, right? Or
as I feel like prolific is like contributing to like actually research which is pretty interesting. Uh
huh.
Yeah exactly. So yeah and then I guess these pay pretty well obviously since you talk to people but. Yeah.
That's
good.
Um, yeah. Have
have fun.
Have
weekend.
Oh, you did. Very, it was a lot better. So, yeah. Anyways, have a good weekend and take care.