Mhm.
Hello?
All right just started a timer so we don't go over or under. No.
yeah I'm sitting in my bedroom. I have an office but I would rather bring the total or home and office right by the front doors and loud. So where are you from?
In Alabama,
Well Small World
Huntsville.
If you've heard of it it's like Silicon Valley of the south. If you will like the engineering
hub of Alabama, that's where they built the Saturn five that took you know Apollo 11 up. So
Yeah. What part of California from?
Okay. Okay. I have a friend that lives, I think he looks in san Jose.
This
is my
third one. So
what about you?
Yeah.
Well
they've actually been pretty good thus far. The first, well both of them have been kind of awkward because you know if you talk injured on the computer but no they've gone pretty well. So what that means one.
I hope I look
a better impression than he did so
I
actually work for Nasa, I'm a flight controller,
International Space Station. What about
you? Yeah.
Okay.
What what was your degree
in?
that's like 1 80 right there.
that's
good.
How long
have you been doing that?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Yeah, that's good. How did you get into that?
What?
Yeah.
It's mean what?
I'm sorry, I just kept spitballing questions and didn't give you talking. So actually it was a dream of mine when uh I was uh I was and I always wanted to be an astronaut growing up and well this is just little an anecdote. But uh my brother when I was in like first grade watching the movie Apollo 13 and I was talking about I wanted to be an astronaut and then he made some comment like well they don't just let anybody
be an astronaut. People aren't getting up end up in the showroom and I am. But no it was um I got my degree in civil engineering and uh basically like I started metallurgical engineering and honestly would have been better filled, you know, if I wanted to work at Nasa. But uh I guess I took the cop out of civil engineering were easier. But anyway I worked several jobs like one uh started out
in the Birmingham area, worked for a culture, you got laid off here and then you know, I'm one I say so I better get back out there except originally from this area and you know, foreign parents live in all. But anyway, ended up getting back up here and got a civil engineering job here. Yeah. Honestly, it was like right place, right time type deal. I had a buddy over there and on my resume off and here I am. So
about four years I started july or august 2016. So, uh,
well,
Kind
of,
it kind of was, yeah. Um,
so basically civil engineering, it actually got its name in to Rome back then. They had two different types of engineers. Military engineers and civil engineers are in engineers I guess. So, civil engineers. So just what they had back in Rome, that would need an engineering. So that's like roads and waterways and stuff like that. So
like sitting
in construction, whatnot.
What?
I
don't need to think he remembered that, but shortly after I got hired, I brought it up to him and you know, we kind of had a good laugh. Yeah.
Mhm
Mhm.
I've
pretty much been, well I've lived in the state, my whole kind of moved around the state, but really like I've lived here and Birmingham, which is uh largest city in Alabama, largest city in Alabama. I'm compared to like you know where you're from, It's like I mean it's like I'm talking 200,000 people so you know, pretty small
er
log serving. Um
and then I lived in a test Colusa for a few years, that's where the university of Alabama is so player and then lived there for a couple years after I graduated so I've just kind of hung around the state.
So
what?
Um I'm pretty set on Alabama depending on if any opportunities pop
open.
That might be a discussion that, you know, my wife and I have like, like Houston of course that's where Nasa's this home. So it's,
I mean it's unlikely, but I definitely be up to if like the right thing came open, I do kinda would have like live somewhere else. You know when I got out of college just experienced things. But boy
probably out west like colorado or Yeah.
Yeah, definitely say Denver. The Denver would be my number one short. What about
you?
that
would be neat. Mhm
And
I
don't, I love crimes ever.
Right.
that would
be me. Like
kind of seems like, I don't know what I picture outside of like boston, especially further up north is just like the small town, you know, like
that would be chemical.
Yeah.
Well
yeah I'm still here for about 17 more minutes. If
you think so, if you live there you have left.
Oh okay,
yeah that's understandable. I did uh let's see, I did go on a job interview in Wyoming. This was that was kinda cool. It was, I was when I was working for coal mine that was my first job out of college and of course you know
the coal
industry has kind of been circling the drain for several years. I ended up getting laid off there and that's when I get back up here and I would work for like nine months. I well I was hosting trivia,
local
restaurants so not totally out of work but you know um and
anyway it would have been cool to live out there for a while. I was the lady that was interviewing me like the town it was, the company was in was like a town of 1000. So he was taking me around the town, showing me everything and I made the comment you know I haven't seen anything like grocery stores or anything out here. So where do you all do your grocery shopping? Oh well Casper is only two hours away and as a walmart so. Oh
yeah
maybe
if I
hit the powerball via cabin there.
pretty much dropped to Sam's clubs fucked up. And
now they did have like some smaller like mom and pop just like general stores but like no full on grocery store.
I
would imagine they are like a 11 experience that you know the answer but it was february when I went a being from Alabama never actually seen real snow was pretty neat so like they were just I was driving through Yellowstone on the the town, it was like two hour drive to Yellowstone, there was uh the roads were all plowed and also there weren't any issues there but there were it snow on the ground, so it's really cool. So
What?
No,
no I actually got offered and but right before I got offered there I got offered with a civil engineering firm here.
I
probably
would have because I was pretty good at that point. Uh
Yeah and it would have, I think it would have been cool to live there for like a year to you know.
I'm sorry the
okay I felt like I kicked off then. One thing that was interesting to me was uh like it is super super humid here, like it's like in summers it's like just so gross outside, you know? Um But anyway, you know of course, no, not much community in Wyoming and was here how much of a difference it makes in the heat? But well that's how much a difference made in the cold. Like I went to the state park after the interview and was walking around and I ended up just happen to like shed to my thermal undershirt because I was starting to burn up you know like because it was like 12 degrees outside but when I was and around it and it it didn't feel like what 12 degrees would have felt like here. So that was kind of, I don't know, that was just interesting to me because I expected I guess. But
a summer more summer a little more about a week or fall. And we've actually had a pretty decent fall this year, like it was 80 degrees
today and it has been for the past week, but drip that dropped down to like 60 and 70 you know like september and october winters. I mean they don't get like we don't get blues or anything, they kind of suck like get some 20 thirties somehow into the teens at all. But I mean it's I don't know hard for me to describe because I don't really know what the seasons are. You know, you like relative to you, but it's it's hot for most of the year.
pretty much why?
I
do remember when we went to Denver like my lips were getting like really chapped and so
yeah, I can see that.
So not like nausea or anything. I did go to the Rocky Mountain National Park and uh and today there was only guided tour when we were so exhausted when we got done like completely zap this currently that's a symptom of the altitude sickness or whatever. Just because apparently like you're not getting, you know, the normal amount of oxygen and also
was
funny story about that. It was me I me and my wife were you know, trip for a while then happened. It was originally for april. So we had to buy that was when it still seemed like it wasn't gonna last that long kind of the boy and then we found out she was pregnant. So uh
I was thinking this is our second kid toddler. It might be a little risky to go but when else am I gonna get to go? So you
know and this decision ever, but it turned out fine, so
thank
you. Thank you.
Yeah it's coming in like three weeks too, so.
Uh
huh.
I'm not yeah I'm not super excited that he's a daycare right now and they just that we don't really have another choice, you know like work, which my wife's a teacher but fortunately she's
getting to work from home right now uh
because she's teaching virtually, like apparently her assistant gave the kids the option to learn virtually or do in class and I'm most of the time like when I'm actually supporting console, you know doing like the flight controlling, you know I have to right now on a short term assignment in the planning room, so let's see that's for the end of the month and then november, I pretty much have a month off there so the same will be on site pretty much the whole month but and I
Um it's there for a while. It was looking good like up until a few, we were like one of the only two states the cases were going down apparently are on the rise again and in my county getting you know, pretty boy. So I mean I don't know like there are a lot of people that don't really take the mass quarters and stuff seriously. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah.
No.
I understand. Well I don't understand because I see people without them all the time. Well mm.
Oh.
I really don't know like my wife and I were talking about taking a trip to Louisville and about going, you know, in spite of covid except it's like a four hour drive from us. But then social unrest started up and we're like now put off a minute. Mm hmm. I really don't know because like it's not like we can just like pack our bags and travel with, you know, two kids. So what about you?
Okay.
There's a couple of like new restaurants that have popped up here, which we haven't been, we've ordered food in, but you know, there's fronts that I want to eat as soon as it all, but
what, what?
I think we've like we've eaten,
I mean have early out out, but I guess in the sense that it was out of here and we ate there, it was eating out like most Southwest and like just a few places that we know have outdoor seating and stuff. So uh, we've only like done that like two or three times since, you know. Uh huh.
Yeah.
uh huh. Some sort of barbecue, I'm sure,
Like
pork. I'll say full pork.
Yeah.
And I, even when they first get released, it'll be a while to get released. And
to be honest, as fast as the Russian out, I am sure it will be fine. But I'm not gonna, I'm gonna
get it eventually. I'm just the first one to get it. You know, you don't
want to be the first one to get the new iphone because you want somebody else to get the iphone to see what's on the. Uh
Thank
you.
We
are. Right. Can you wait like one more minute? Because we were right,
Okay. It's all good.
I just
want to be sure we get paid for this. So, you know,
I was just browsing Reddit and uh like saw like a life pro tip on there. If you have a lot of your hand, here's some easy ways to make money. So here I am. What about you?
not
my fault that one too. Yeah.
I
did that little back in college,
back
well, back then like I got several amazon gift cards and stuff. Like it just seems weird now. Like I can't really I don't know. Can't well, I say I can't really figure out that down and like I want to have the desire to figure out and I I'd know how was your experience with it?
What?
All
Yeah.
Most of the ones I've done were like research to universities, couple of market research ones at all, that those ones paid better than all the university wants, so.
Anyway, we are uh approaching 27 minutes right now. So, guess how often you can run your errands? It was
great
talking to you. Yeah.
I hope
I
left better
approaching of Alabama than the last guy.
I catch you.