how's going?
What's your name?
It's Ellen
massachusetts. How about you?
Rain ham.
that's
far.
Yeah, we're closer providence Rhode island. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm actually, I'm really hot right now because I almost forgot about this conversation. I rushed home and sat in the chair outside, like right at 11 15 and I was like, oh no,
70 today though.
I thought it sounded like
uh huh. Well, I don't usually like to keep people waiting, but I just don't know, some really exciting news. So I forgot all about this because um, yesterday I had a I'm getting totally personal with you because I'm very excited uh positive pregnancy tests at home. And
Yes. So I had, I called my doctor first thing this morning and they said I could come in at 10. I don't know if you guys are in a different time zone, are you?
Yeah, so they said coming at 10 and I almost forgot about this. Like I saw the email when I was coming out after the blood work but they confirmed it. So
and
we've been trying to scare to half so it's
you have kids.
It is.
I'm
very
yeah, so I work as an administrator at a church. Um They've been closed since mid March but I've been able to do it. I can't we'll get paid so I'm very grateful for
that.
No.
Uh They've been live streaming so like no one's really allowed in the building right now except for the guy who cleans it, the pastor, the girl who plays the piano and the guy who helps the live streaming and that's it.
Um So it's United Church of christ so it's christian but like right very much blacks compared to like catholic similar to catholic but a little more accepting and well being and welcoming on his finger pointing. Uh huh. Mhm.
Uh He's actually a letter carrier for the post office.
Class.
scary time.
Um the restriction is supposedly going to start being lifted in phases starting on monday but they haven't give too much given too much information yet about what that so we'll see.
No.
No it's scary out.
They actually are believe it or not because one of my really good friends works in new Hampshire and they just reopened the malls and she works out to the retail stores in there
and she a video the first day that they were open of the social distancing line outside. Like I was like this is too much too soon like what people need to buy right now, they don't need a shirt they don't
need
like really?
Mm Yeah, No, I
no, I know. Yeah, luckily we're in a nice neighborhood here so I'm able to like at least get out with my dog.
You're coming in and out a little bit.
I know right,
you cut in and out a little bit.
That
last
you're cutting in and out right now.
I'm on my wifi
No, I'm on the, bye bye,
can't hear you.
Yeah, mm hmm.
Yeah, you're still coming in and out, No.
Yeah, Yeah, I don't even see you anymore, I can hear you, but I don't see you
it was, it's just mm mhm mhm. I heard like something for a second. Yeah,
I don't see you. I don't hear anything.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, can you see me and hear me?
Yeah. Yeah. The box is literally like right next to me. I have a single story house. Yeah,
I see you now you're back. Mhm.
It looks like it
maybe.
Yes. Now the video is like really pixelated again. You're cutting in and out.
Yeah. And I can I can see myself and it's not like cutting out our
kale.
Mhm. Yeah because like I can hear you now but I don't see you anymore.
Yeah.
Now like 15 minutes and they'll probably they say all the conversations got to be quality and for like a good chunk of it. Now we've
been trying to figure out what our connect. Uh
I can hear you right now but I don't see you.
Um It depends on where you go. Like Clement isn't that far away. I grew up in hall which is like probably an hour from here. Um And that's where my parents, I'd like to go visit them.
But
yeah probably like Mhm.
Um So we did do like a probably about a month ago, we did a little social distancing lunch day with my dad and my mom and they set up chairs out on their back porch that were literally 10 ft away from each other and we went and got tacos off, we got tacos off of a taco truck and
like
warm ass the whole time. And then we went we just ate in their backyard and stayed away from each other just for a little bit and talked.
And Mother's Day Sunday we went over to my brother's house was like the halfway point um and we stood out on his back dad because it was his 30th birthday and then it was mother's day and so we didn't Not do anything, so we basically just like Cruz by my brother's house with like I baked cupcakes for everyone and we all wore masks and you know just said happy birthday and happy mother's day and just talk for like maybe 20 minutes. But
it's been hard.
on.
Yes, it was tough. Okay.
better Delaware into Delaware a few times. Um Yeah, for a firefly music festival,
it's a real
At Dover Downs.
Yeah we've dr we drive there like we'll drive through the night, we'll leave it like
10
o'clock
in.
Yeah. It's just funny that you mentioned that because it's like we've always said we want to go to the beaches but we always show up like like morning that it starts at like six or seven in the morning and then we leave that night to avoid all the traffic. We'll leave at like midnight. We've never been anywhere other than over.
That's
not.
I guess that's my proud control thing than anything, right?
Yeah. He's somewhat, yeah, you're like
Yeah. Okay. God. Do you have?
Yeah. So I'm sitting outside right now, otherwise my dog would probably be going next to, but we have a miniature pincher and He's 11 and he is a diabetic. So
Yeah, every 12 hours. So like
around 6:00 AM and around six at night everything. He's been diabetic for like I think five years now
and he's he's still fine. Like
he's still
if no, he's an old band. So Yeah.
I know. Huh?
I don't know. We started talking about that last night already. We think he might because even like if we like hold each other or kiss each other, he'll come right up to us and wine. Yeah. So it might be an issue.
He thinks he's scary though.
Yeah. He's a little brat.
He
said,
oh yeah, well, my husband has allergies to pet. So like that's one of the ones that's a little more allergy friendly.
Yeah, minimum doesn't need to be groomed or anything that we give him a bath like once a month and he gets when I was trimmed. But other than that he's very low maintenance. Other than the insulin. Mm.
No,
I only want to talk about it.
Odds are like ridiculous because like there's the bottle is so much smaller than like a human sized bottle and it only lasts like maybe two weeks.
So we ordered a bulk online because not only is it cheaper but it's just easier
and
it comes
Yeah, it's good for like a little over a year, so we were like 10 bottles at a time and even though it's like a chunk of money will be all sad,
I know, right.
That's funny.
God, my friends cat did that. Her son had nerf guns and the cat our starts and it
has
because I couldn't pass it
like
has to be so smart yet so dumb at the same time.
I know.
See.