Yeah. Yes. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Right. Oh, yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Hello?
Good. Good. Good.
I'm an, what's your name?
Alan, where are you dialing in from?
Oh, nice. Where in massachusetts?
Right. I don't know. I don't know continental mass, but my in laws live on Cape Cod. Well, I
know boston
and a little bit of that area. And then, um, Kit kat. Yeah.
95 all the way through. You know, I live in Atlanta. So it's a long drive. No. Is it warming up up there?
What married
is it? Oh, that's nice. I know. It's been kind of coal recently up there. It's supposed to warm up here, but we do not have any son yet. It's just kind of overcast. Um, so we're just supposed to talk about anything that is that kind of how it works.
I signed up, I had an appointment yesterday, but nobody ever showed up, which was so weird. So that when you popped up I was like oh this is how it's supposed to work. Uh huh.
exciting. Well that's a good thing to talk about.
Same same time, so.
that's exciting. Will this be your first? Oh
much.
that's so exciting. Congratulations. You're in for a wild ride. Yes.
Um I have a daughter who's 17 and the son who will be 13 in uh next weekend. I guess it is next Saturday thank
to teenagers. It's a whole different world, but it's been a fun ride. Have a lucky dog. Well that's really exciting. Now. Are you
working
from home these days? How is this coronavirus impacted your life?
That's
nice. So I guess you
can still keep up with administrative stuff, but obviously no congregation those services do they do online?
What's the nomination?
Oh, that's good. I know. It's been crazy times now. What, what does your husband do?
Oh wow. So he is necessary employed, You know, he's had an important job right now. Well, good for him. At least it's work slow most and they will have to be around other people. I feel terrible for the people, the grocery store and the drugstore because
they've got so many people swarming around them that they are just really exposed. I
feel badly for them now. Is massachusetts pretty restricted right now. Are people allowed to leave their house and drive around?
Georgia was obviously in the news a lot for opening really early, although it's funny because even though the governor opened it up, I don't know anybody was rushing out to go get a tattoo or get their
nails done. Uh, uh, and of all the things to open up a tattoo parlor and the bowling alleys, I think it just made Georgia the butt of a lot of jokes. I don't know what the purpose was because I mean tattooing, that's pretty close quarters and it's a pretty lengthy appointment, I would guess. So who wants to be in a closed space with another person right off the bat. It didn't make a lot of sense, but
Well even though restaurants I think can be opened, most of them aren't nobody's sitting down and eating restaurant or doing anything like that are mall opened up, which I thought was kind of funny, but again, I don't think people are rushing to them all to go crowd around others.
All
I
know.
I think some people do well, I mean live free or die right in new Hampshire, I think maybe they just feel like they've been pent up for too long, I guess. And it's um, I think it's trying people's patience to be told what to do in this country. That's my yes. Is that people just want to get out just to get out. But nice weather the whole time that you can go outside your home and walk out to go near other people. Um, so it's a lot easier than for people up north where the weather's been kind of cold, not for nice. I would not want to be stuck inside my house the whole time or in an apartment that would be
my sister in law, lives in me,
right? I know Gods. And they are loving all the attention.
That's so weird. My internet.
I thought really fast internet, but my son might be doing his online class. Am I coming through? Okay. I think it does end up spring.
Well, it's
weird.
Yeah. Is you look,
are you on the internet? I mean are you using cellular or wifi five? Are you using cellular?
So am I? And I have,
I have fiber, so it's usually really fast. Mm It's kept us going and all this online thing to have fast internet. Am I not coming through?
Oh, that's so weird. I'm gonna show I'm gonna check my internet speed. Mhm
Yes.
Um the picture cutting out or the
Oh no, I can see you perfectly. That's the weird thing. Yeah, I've got real internet. Right?
I check my internet and
you want to try getting closer to your internet?
I see you.
My my internet shows that I have a really fast connection.
Is it working?
That is so weird. Sorry. Um,
can you can hear me here?
We married because you look fine for me. Um I don't usually have.
I know me too.
Shoot. I wonder what the options are. They didn't give us any options if if they didn't give us any options for what happens when the connections are not good.
Oh but you can hear me Yeah. Uh huh.
Oh we haven't been on long enough yet have we?
I know
I checked my Internet connection and it's really fast like 300 you know megabits per second.
Okay. I guess we can keep talking but let me know if you can't if you can't hear me. Um How far are you from the coast?
Have
you been resistant?
Have you been able to go visit family or is everybody staying away from each other?
come
on.
That's nice.
that's not.
It is. I know, I don't have any family here in Atlanta so I'm not used to seeing them all the time, but The thought of not even being able to go see them. My dad is um, he's got lung problems and he's on oxygen 100% of the time so he
cannot, if he got any kind of respiratory sickness, he would kill him. So we figure out how we're ever going to see him before. There's a vaccine which is kind of hard to figure out.
we've been able to see friends socially distant. That's pretty easy to do. Especially with the nice weather. We can stand outside and talk, which has, which helps. But usually in the summer we go see my family is in Delaware and then, and then my in laws are on Cape Cod. So the kids and I usually drive up to go see the family in Delaware, go to the beach there, see cousins and grandparents and then go to Cape Cod and do the same thing. Well just trying to figure out how that's gonna work this summer because we have even more time, no camps, no summer classes, no summer job for my daughter. It's kind of it's just weird. It's totally weird. Right.
Oh yeah. That's right. I have never been to that but I know obviously friends who have, it sounds really fun. Is that
over or It's another, yeah.
Okay. That's so cool. Um
I
know
that
dr 95 is not fun.
Well try to get down to the beaches because they're nice. I mean that Rehobeth is sort of the main beach and they have a really nice board rock and
they have
your typical beach restaurants with the french fried place and the people places and the cotton candy and all of that with the amusement park. Um It's pretty charming. It's um I like it so that's where we usually go, we go to a town called Louis which is about 20 minutes from Rehobeth. Um it's a smaller town but who knows if the beaches are gonna be open if they're going to be regulated on the Cape. They have town beaches where you have to have a sticker to drive into the beach. And we usually rent a place so we have a rental parking pass but that's a good way to restrict people is to not let people have rental passes or I know cranes beaches opening up and they were doing reservations. Yeah you have to book book a time slot which is interesting. I don't know. Uh
because they don't want you know hordes of people all you know crammed together on the beach stop. Can you see me now?
That's so weird because I know I have a super fast connection. Um but sometimes it does get a little flaky.
I have a black well we have two black labs and The one who's barking at me is seven and she gets jealous when I'm talking on the phone or doing something, she wants attention. And then we have a puppy. He's one and he's in his uh it was great because he cannot be trusted um to grow around by himself. Do you have any pets?
my God. Do you give him insulin?
Well.
Around.
that's
good.
I think if they get the right care that makes all the difference. The things we do for our pets.
I don't think he would do with the baby. Do you think I'd be jealous?
Well what do we, he's small um and not as scary you know it's like a german shepherd or something.
Oh I bet they're cute little dogs.
We
have hairy
dogs that shed everywhere.
They have a very short haired coat. Right.
started with allergies and I gave her allergy shots every week for years and years and years but it did help.
I don't want to know what I spent on it and
I'm her
oh gosh you have to keep going to get it.
I'm
gonna
refrigerate it and it stays fresh. That's good.
Right. Right. Yeah our dogs allergy shots had to be custom blended based on what she was allergic to. And then the vet made us come like every at least once a year like nothing has changed, it's the same allergies, but they think it was a lot, you know, they had like with people, they have to see you once a year in order to keep up a prescription. Really allergy stuff.
Yeah, so it was a custom blend so we couldn't order it. You know, it had an expiration date, it wasn't, it wouldn't last very long. But
the new dogs don't have those problems. They just do things like eat socks and then have to have surgery to have them removed.
no,
no,
I
don't know, yep. So
and then I don't know what the what's the return on eating a nerve guard or a sock. It doesn't taste good.
I mean screw it up but don't swallow it.
Well our dog, the seven year old just had an operation last year for us. It was actually a beanie baby.