Hello.
Are you done?
Well I'm a stream or so. Comes with the business I guess.
I'm Nathan.
Midwest Missouri,
it's fun.
Yeah. Well I don't see the house blown away so I think we're safe to talk for now.
it's supposed to it's supposed to already be making landfall or something from my understanding.
How maybe
Well
at least it made landfall as a tropical storm instead of a full blown hurricane.
All
don't
know
Carolina's problem. Yeah if it continues building and gets to that size. Yeah it might be a little bit of a problem. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah florida is really humid area from what I remember I was there when I was younger went to Orlando so yeah that's about my experience there in Jacksonville I think along the way and that's about all I remember.
Well yeah look at Louisiana how bad they've been getting smacked repeatedly.
Yeah. I have a friend that moved from uh new Orleans up here to Missouri because
of
the storm. It basically destroyed everything that he had there. So he relocated.
Katrina
that would pretty much when it hit the hardest on everybody. Pretty much
Yeah.
And
probably completely destroyed for
the most
part.
I
that's
kind of like
what happened that's kinda
like
what happened over in chocolate on that tornado. A lot of people don't know about the Joplin tornado but Joplin Missouri got smacked pretty hard and it went basically took out basically half the town including the hospital.
And
so they were trying to relocate the patients to a safe area and it took out the hospital pretty much. And that left with one major hospital and they're trying to get everybody over there. And by the way these hospitals don't get along with one another. So to try to transfer that many people out of one hospital over to the other. That was a logistic nightmare during a tornado and just afterwards, I mean they actually I think finished demolishing and rebuilt that one and then another company basically controls it now as
You want.
well
there's Mercy, there's uh this was ST john's I got hit and now Freeman uh moved in on it and um or Mercy, one of the two took it over. Um No Freeman I think the one that survived ST john's went down and then Mercy rebuilt and took it over um basically stake in their name on it and then um cox has moved in so there's there's a lot of like different ones coming all over the place. So
Freeman Medical system is probably the largest besides cox but cox has barely moved into the area cox mainly and like Springfield and stuff but they have been expanding pretty rapidly, buying up smaller ones and branching out. But um Freeman is the largest in this general area and then like I said Mercy has a pretty good presence and um they have A pretty good sized one in Joplin. Then they have another one probably about 30 minutes away. That's pretty good size. So
this
one is just buying up the small ones and I was hoping that would lead to improvements but it really hasn't. Um I mean some of the doctors have gotten better but there's still these arrogant ones that don't want to listen basically leading to me um basically begging to be admitted. And him finally tired of arguing with me after mishandling it a few times and transfer me by ambulance and admitted me and then I was in the hospital for probably about a month, month and a half Freeman. I'm not even going there, how they mistreated and threw me on the ground all that. But then I basically was told to get off their property while I wasn't able to really move, they were trying to get rid of me and I, so I decided um I didn't want to and refused and then they wanted me and then I tried to leave to get to a different hospital and then they wouldn't let me leave and they basically kicked me out, escorted with security Out and told me I had 45 minutes to leave the property when I live like, or 30 minutes to leave the property and lived over an hour away and I'm like, what am I supposed to do? So basically I was forced to go walk to the corner of their property and sit
and
basically on the street carrying luggage and stuff until a friend of mine apparently called an ambulance. And I don't think it was like a privately rand ambulance, answer the call. And then they showed up, pulled up, started speaking to me. Um They loaded me and took me over to the other one, which by the way, the Freeman wanted to discharge because I was okay. This one admitted me saying no you're you're not, you shouldn't have been discharged. And I was like, well, I was trying to tell them that and then I spent a week there. So I was like from one to the other and then I finally had to have surgery due to the whole problem a few months later. So I said they, it's a mess around here. I I lost all respect for that one hospital after what happened. And uh yeah medical system period is a mess but
Come
together.
they
need
no
luckily mine is pretty much taken and covered everywhere. It's just the
I
was having to stay on antibiotics for like two months because my body started rejecting. They'd take me off the I. V. Antibiotics, put me on oral, sent me home. Then a few days later I ended up back with the same problem still going on because they didn't want me in the hospital. And then that's when I begged them to go in. They put me on I. V. Antibiotics again and then they tried to send me home and then I went to the other one. They put me back on I. V. Antibiotics. And by the time I got sent home I had to take antibiotics um for like three months until the surgery because it wasn't my body and the problem had become resistant to the antibiotics and actually being able to fix it but it was able to hold it off just ever so slightly until the surgery was done
the same.
No I mean it
was
basically
three
days you're out type policy.
That's
the way the ones around here
work Anyways. About three days in there. They try to get you out the third day at the other one that took me in from the ambulance from the other hospital. Um After the other one mistreated me. I went over there The 3rd day I was there I was supposed to be starting to maybe go home and then they detect an anomaly and my blood again. And so I had to stay an extra day and they're like, this is still raging on. And I'm like, well, I've told you that, so
Which they already did basically that day. And then I just walked
out
anyways. Yeah.
Well,
yeah, right now. Especially. Yeah.
But
this was like back in january before any of this happened.
And the other part of it was back in starting like last october And so it was ridiculous the way they were doing things. They put me on the surgical floor, talked about how they're going to help me and what needs to be done in the next day. They were basically just writing me off as nothing wrong Kind of stuff. And then by day three they were trying to get me out.
Now
I spoke
to the surgeon that and he sounds like he was going to do something.
And then all of a sudden it just they don't care. They talk big the first day you get there and then they drop off. I said it's this whole medical system is a mess. Get away. But I had to wait to uh have the uh they wanted to do a scope but they couldn't because inflammation and possible problem that that would cause or go through the side or something. So then I had to wait on that. I had like freaking five or six C. T. Scans that month because they kept either doing the wrong one or detecting it and then not do anything about it. And then the next hospital wanting to do something like this is ridiculous. At one point they were like we don't want to radiate you anymore. You've already been under this too many times. We don't want to send you in there. And it's like well we know the problem is still there so it was a mess.
Oh yeah, like I said I had surgery in january um luckily before all this because otherwise I probably wouldn't be able to and it would have
rather
been delayed or worse.
Yeah. I was on bed rest for a month after after that because just moving. I mean I never had that kind of surgery. I mean had other surgery, but nothing like that. That was one night I guess I'd called my wife and was screaming in pain and wanted pain meds and they wouldn't give me anything. They said I couldn't get any more. Which bullshit. Um They just didn't want to because they had already just given me some that didn't work. Um And I guess I passed out with the phone on, they were talking to her I guess and the nurses told me I had passed out. And all I know is I woke up with the phone sitting on me. I was like, what the hell happened? I
called her trying to get something done because they weren't listening to me. So it's like, yeah, jeez
if they had got me on the proper antibiotics and taking care of it, the first time I was admitted um the first time I went in, they gave me the wrong antibiotics. The second time I went in um the doctor said that was the wrong antibiotics.
Yeah. And then further on months later, when it happened again, I argued with that one doctor saying it was wrong antibiotics, and he still tried to send me home with antibiotics. And the next day, basically, I went back with a fever and they're like, you're admitted, And I was like, well you guys have just taken care of it the first time I was in here, maybe the antibiotics would have worked instead of becoming resistant. I'm not saying the problem would eventually need to be fixed, but
so
No,
certain ones,
most of them are based on penicillin in some way or another, but there are some, the one I was put on ivy antibiotics do not come in pill form and that's what I needed to be on. And they sent me home too soon of being on that did not complete what would have probably knocked it out on full course of that and then sent me home on the other ones and my sister became resistant because if you're on and off the system will adapt or whatever is wrong will adapt and then it then it won't even work. They won't attack the problem anymore. So that's basically what happened. I became antibiotic resistant because of all the hospitals send me home before completing treatment.
basically
yes because that was the that was uh augment augment does not work with this one. The problem I have takes two different ones. Good combat one is every six hours once every 12 hours and About 10 days of that's supposed to knock it out. But by then it was already too late when they put me on that. And that's why I will show back up to the hospital, barely able to function the next day or so after being put on that with a fever and they admitted me. And then I guess that they sent me home anyways after about three days of the proper antibiotic. It's like this uh
I've been on this in the past so it was basically that it didn't get better it was getting worse. It
was not
responding to it and
then they still decided to send me home after three days and put me back on that when it wasn't responding to it the first time. Yeah.
No.
Not
this
time it didn't work. No
because
it
was
yeah and then I just said about a week later I'm back basically arguing with the stupid doctor that gave me the wrong one months before that telling them that I needed to be admitted. He's like no you don't but I'm not going to argue with you. And
so he
made calls and the convinced the other hospital to take me in and that's the one that mistreated me after that. But they basically put me back on the I. V. Antibiotics which I should have still been on Because you know you need to be on antibiotics for 7-10 days for it to actually work. They took me off after three days. Both of these hospitals did.
Then
there was
a gap period and then the next one put me back on it. I'm resistant at that point.
So, mm hmm. Yeah. I said good times. Good medical system. 2020. Who?
Well
there's
not very many that work at the hospital that I'm talking about. There's only like a few that are assigned there. And the one I'm talking about is a young, arrogant guy that doesn't like to listen or help.
Yeah. And I just said the older doctor that actually did have more experience new that there's two antibiotics you have to be on for this. And he sent me home with augment which is amoxicillin mixed with clavicle or something. So there's two in that but that's the wrong ones and then there's the main one that gets assigned to most people for most things as amoxicillin or augment. Which has that one other but there was two completely different ones that I needed for the problem I had. And yeah he
tried
to put it he printed something out of the computer products. He says see this works on this and I'm like no it does not. Oh because I went every other doctor I've ever spoken to outside of him says no. The other two that you were signed by the other doctor are the standard treatment for what you have. And that guy is just fuck the standard treatment. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Well
the ones I I ended with the first time at the E. R. Was a general
then
they won and then I got admitted there because I had the fever was the older doctor. He says you have a fever the infection is getting worse. And he called in to the doctor on the floor um in the back and agreed to admit and like I said that from there I was sent home and then just became a mess of me going back there begging to be admitted to a different hospital and then transferring me instead of arguing I was like well about time you stop arguing with me. And then that was a surgeon that was supposed to do with the problem. He's talked a big game the first night and then didn't do anything to help me after that.
So
well the general surgeon is who I spoke to that first night and he was pretty good. But then I ended up going to the other hospital. And the surgeon that was on board on that one was actually specialized in this kind of surgery which by the way is extremely hard to do. They basically had to fill your stomach up and with gas to be able to work with just cameras. It
says
slice you completely open and
it takes a lot of practice and to get that. So from my understanding he is one of the few that can even do that that way because otherwise they have to slice you completely open. So yes there was a specialist and he specialized in what is the bariatric and I guess type surgeries. So
as they were just trying to kick me out the door and follow
up appointment.
and
knowing that general surgeon he probably would've sliced be completely open and so that wouldn't have been good. Yeah.
No I got sliced about that far and then another cut about like that and I think maybe one another in the same general area but basically use that and then gas to push my stomach up and use cameras to move around and do what they needed to do.
And I said it's extremely dangerous surgery that takes a lot of practice and actually basically
one doctor training another like in detail because from my research, that specific type of surgery, that method of doing it. I was like wow. So not very many doctors around do that.
Um I researched that when I was scheduled for because he was like we're going to do it this way and I'm going
So
um as far as I know it was done by yeah hand uh it was cut with a scalpel and then like I said they put something in there to basically get the stomach and everything to expand where they needed it to work around and get in there with and cut it and so on. I
don't know the full details. I just know. Apparently it's hard for the doctors to pull it off.
I was in the hospital for about three or four days uh still
could
barely move. They were tired of dealing with me because they kept trying to get me to move and sit up and I just it was such pain I could and I pass out to the pain, they wanted me to walk laps and I really couldn't even get up and move. Even when I got home my wife making me walk, it was like oh my god just don't make me move there like but if you don't move you're not going to actually heal correctly or have bowel movements and all this other
stuff,
and it's like, do you understand how bad this feels right now? Mhm.
Three
uh it was glued basically kind
of stuff. Medical type glue that basically uh
absorbed. Yeah,
um I think there might have been some regular types issues that basically absorbed too, but I don't remember. Yeah, so
I mean eventually I probably would have had to have the surgery but it would have been way probably down the line if it hadn't become antibiotic resistant, it could have been healed up and then continued and then yes, probably in a few months to a year, I probably would've had a surface again, but then the antibiotics might have worked again and then be able to continue this for however long until finally the surgery would be needed. But I mean, seriously, they basically told me to stay on the antibiotics that entire time. Because basically anytime I was taken off the antibiotics, I started going back downhill. So basically I was just holding it at bay, it was not fixing or solving it. It was just basically holding it from getting worse.
Um They say it could happen again in another part.
I had 1/5 of my colon removed basically and they said if I have to have any more removed, they don't know if they'll be able to reconnect it correctly because there's so much already removed.
I haven't had to have any checkups since basically like january, february or something like that.
they
they don't expect it to happen too much, but if it's basically genetic what happened and it could always happen again usually happens in older people. But they said it could always occur again. They removed as much as possible. But they I said they can't guarantee anything. I didn't know if I was gonna wake up with a bag or not because they said they didn't know at that point if they'd even be able to connect at that much being removed. But they did. So
if
I
if I feel in that general area I know what's going on.
I'm gonna go right back to them and tell them that I'm feeling that and I need that the CT scan to be done on that area because that's how you detect it. Um Some doctor tried to give me an X ray. What the hell is an X ray going to do on an Oregon? Yeah.
It's not
going to show
you the inside of that or anything, it's not going to light it up on your screen so yeah, I'll definitely be going there if it happens again. Um
But
there's always that chance but saying it's documented this problem. I'm supposed to be the way it was supposed to be as I was supposed to be able to go in tom this was going on and they're saying with your kind of problem they should have just been given you the antibiotics and send you home knowing that this has been happening to you instead of fighting you over that each time you win. And I was like you told them that seriously. But yeah I mean medical system, yea there
no, especially now with Kobe going I mean if anything it's gotten worse because they're so stressed out and overwhelmed. Um
sorry
you're gonna have to wait. Yeah
they're
delaying
like surgeries and stuff now.
Well
I mean he's a doctor, I mean he's probably got a funny anyways or gets
the salary so he probably still gets paid.
No.
All
Yeah. And now they're like converting like storage rooms and stuff into hospital rooms and so on.
Well
you
gotta you gotta you gotta be very thankful for how florida has handled. There's I mean but then again you gotta look at ours where our governor didn't even want to shut anything down and then he basically reopened everything and yeah the numbers are climbing um in our areas where we live in a small area but it's still happening. Um But uh there's there's like so many people not taking it seriously, it's not funny. So it's just gonna keep climbing
and even if they see it personally, they like their actors crisis actor.
So yeah, that's the way a lot of people are. They're reactive instead of proactive unless something affects them personally. They don't care.
They
may
be ended up.
Yeah.
It's a conspiracy that all these countries are working together to hide when they don't get along with one another.
All
these countries are covering it up together and they can't even get along and anything else. So
the only thing they get along with is when they're doing these giant conspiracies.
Well
we're the worst in the world basically. So
well
I I know people from the U. K. And whatnot. They're not locked down. Um But they're not doing anywhere nearly as bad as us either because when they did lockdown and they did put mandates in action it was done seriously. Instead of just brushed
aside.
And then you can do it with this this and this many people.
But my problem is that they're going to proceed with black friday.
Our walmart for example, it's going to be open for black friday and have several days leading up to it. Black friday trying
to spread
it
out. Yeah. But the thing is it's just gonna make it worse. There's gonna be multiple days. Are the same people just
no.
Yeah. No kidding. Even
if they're
doing the same one, the people that missed up the first time, they're gonna
come
back for the
2nd, 3rd, 4th. Yeah.
The
only
things
that they should probably be doing black friday. If they're gonna do retail stores is basically you pull up, you grab a ticket
and
if your number is called, they basically bring it out to you. You pull up and you get your items.
Yeah, basically you gotta show up to the store, they give you a number and have you park and keep people separated that way. But I don't see that happening either. No,
it's
either that or all digital is what should happen. But it's not gonna happen like that either because their corporations, they just want the money. So. Yeah.
Member.
The table in the six ft. Mhm.
Mhm.
In the middle like going into winter.
We're
very thankful for everybody getting together and spreading what you have with one another. Thank you so much for coming.
Yeah. We'll yell out answers to this game we're playing and the one person in middle is gonna control the board. Yeah.
It's just it's not, it's just
I wish people would wake up and take things seriously. This
could have been eradicated. Um Several countries have a completely under control and no new reports coming because they locked down and because they actually kept things mandated. But then we have our country where nobody wants to do any of that simple mask, they're trying to say oh the mask you can't wear it, I can't wear it. Well doctors do nurses do all day For 1214 hours surgeries and here you are saying you can't wear it for 30 minutes to go into the store,
it's not good. Mhm.
that
in winter apparently isn't helping either because winter it has less chance of surviving in summer and humid environment but winter is about to come and knock all that out so
and
called. Yeah.
Yeah I had a friend of Chicago that was on lockdown basically and they weren't leaving their place, they're having everything delivered to them and it was like I don't know how long they had that lockdown going. But another friend of mine is saying how his area seems to be where it might go back on lockdown.
I don't
know
where
he
but
Yeah early too.
we
don't have any restrictions here either. It makes you feel any better. Probably doesn't.
I wouldn't
even been I wouldn't have walked through the damn door.
Okay.
well
then
can we get it to go please?
Apparently mm.
huh.
Even when it's not like before this was going on I don't even do that.
I don't want to sit near anyone anyways.
Yeah Take care be safe
or safe as you can.