Hello.
All right, interesting background. So you figured out how to do the background things? I have no idea.
got it. So I'm richard. Yeah.
Hello, where are you at?
Ah florida hurricane. Yes, it's over.
that is right on top of us so not much more to do right now.
Exactly. Yeah right now it's kind of calm right now, but it's been just like dreary for the past week. Yeah.
Um Yeah, it crossed over this gate today. Um But it's just like it's so big that um by the time the starting end made it to the other coast, the whole state was covered
so it's just wide of lots of just rain and
wind.
correct now what will happen when I meet into the atlantic
go? No, but not my problem anymore. That's
Carolina,
that's the Carolinas problem now.
Yeah,
but that's the challenge. I live in florida, so mostly good weather, but then you have these occasional weeks of bad weather literally just a week and then it's over.
Yeah, pretty much the part of the eye of the stories that just travel storm Tampa through Orlando through Jacksonville, so that's pretty much the pathway. But um yeah, everyone was freaking out prior similar because okay, it's a big star and we haven't had a big storm in years and I'm just like okay, it's ready.
Yeah, exactly. They have family, my in laws are in new Orleans and it's just every time a storm goes, I'm just like, is it heading there? Oh look at the path is going that direction. Well let's say or not,
my
mom.
So he was Katrina or something else.
He was a Katrina. Yeah, now, but
yes, with my in laws there, they had just moved prior to Katrina and the original house that was up for sale was destroyed in Katrina and it flooded but they had just moved a few months prior so a lot of their old stuff was still in the house. Uh Yeah
so they had the new houses all the new stuff but all the memories and all the old stuff and like I was still in the old house so all that
was
it
was
there was nothing salvageable from that group. Um But the police of people work um But yeah the neighborhood was just like literally washed away. There was there
was nothing left. I mean
it was all
there.
it's
incredible.
Oh and that's just
to keep them.
So are the
hospitals that are up there like here in florida we pretty much have to companies that own all the hospitals but it sounds like I'm there there's either not much, you know? Big
company.
it's not just a single hospital that only one company owned. They owned that well, but just that one went away and the competitor
Yeah, we're like someone with you what you just said. Um we have a hospital down here that out of nowhere there like building everywhere, they're like Mcdonald's, it's like popping up like where did you come from? And where is this
money?
And
wait,
it is the system that goes with, it is also a mess because you have insurance for something, something, but it doesn't cover
here
here or this or that or if it does,
which
is supposed to help save you money
um Really is not saving you that much more, which is people.
What you're getting
is not
Now was the reason that they're trying to like just like discharge you because
there's short hospital beds
because you think
you
have
money.
Oh wow. I figured
like
here.
Yeah, we ran the test where the other one and he said would have just kicked you out first.
and
you
I haven't had that, I've heard of stories like that but I haven't experienced those types of stories like the hospital's down here. I mean down here are hospitals, they try to do outpatient just because we got a lot of hospital beds and a lot of people need them so they want to
try to prop
we got
here
correct.
And it's because like when you first went in you it comes across as all hopeful and oh good. They know what they're doing
and
then
yeah and then something happens from that point to the next point.
Did they finally take care of everything
Or
you?
Yeah you could have been one of the people who got something?
Now
now had this been taken care of let's say your first you know going at it could that have changed anything or you know?
poopsie, Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah I'm not familiar with antibiotics and in
my mind it's like a like a painkiller, one type of antibiotic fixes all and I'm guessing from what you just said it's not a one fix all type
of thing. Different
things.
So I'm wondering if that first treatment, you know like said the ineffective with just their go to up, he needs an antibiotic. This is the go to choice.
That's true.
So was the because of what was going on with you or a reaction to the antibiotic?
So what if anything
do you?
so you buy
So the antibiotics that was not working was reassigned
to you again and it's in your file, you know, not working and that was
the reason why
you
so
it didn't
work
with me man. Let's get back to him again.
That's
that
The
last
number.
Well
Uh huh. Now like, like you're telling me a whole bunch of stuff that like I was never aware of, like like I said there's two different types of antibiotics, liquid and pill um and that like resistance can happen after a short period of time. Um But I was surprised that your same doctor that you've got the same doctor, like down here, we don't get the same people,
you
know?
Okay, because he's a doctor, he knows everything.
Now
we're
Uh
like me, I've been similar to your like what you just said about the computer thing, I went to one doctor and I was like okay so here's what's going on. He just literally did a medical google search and was reading off the screen to me and I'm like um so were the doctors that you went to, like specialists are general
at the hostel?
Yeah, those are
the ones that, yeah.
so there's
no there was no specialist but like like down here you you got a specialist doctor within range of every possible body parts situation. You just got to find the right one.
least
there later
razor.
and that was the decent hospital the recent one. So how did you say the original one you never would have had his access? So okay
this matter
to me. Well medicines
will fix everything.
the special maybe he used lasers?
so he's
you know.
That you can require or after.
What's that? Okay.
And it had it was done by the traditional hands. Not by lasers
So
Now how is your recovery time though? Good.
are the hand
surgery?
Thank
you.
Now was
the outside um your skin area melt away stitches or pull out stitches afterwards?
blue
just disappear.
wow that's
That is just like I mean wow. Uh huh. The you went through which could have like you said been salt non surgically. The first round had been taken care of properly.
So would you say say that yes the ordeal as crazy as it was got you to the surgery and now it's done or you can still have a relapse in the future?
my gosh
Now do you have to go back to that regular hospital and that same person the surgeon again or now you go to wherever else for just check ups
and that's it and now you're on your own time, let's
follow up.
So now since there is no follow up for you, you're just living your life until you feel something again like
you did
before
and you can just go right, you're gonna go back to the better place in your high.
it's there. You
have
one.
Is there concern
that he might be there and
It is not going to get it better any time soon.
And everything is covid. So you go for whatever and it's like, oh my God. You know, I just
got,
yeah, I got
to
tell me,
yes. I've known of people who have had that situation of delays. Um and I mean like even just basic stuff like I know somebody who is an elective surgeon and because the hospital rooms are not available for elective surgery, he has not been working
because
correct?
Yeah. But like he can't do any like all the patients can't do anything for whatever reason because there's no availability for the hospital rooms or even if there is it's so few that are being available that they're
only using their saving
the rest for the just in case moment down here.
How are your numbers up there? Because ours are florida's. You may have heard of this are booming again and I think
Halloween did it? I think Halloween did
it.
Well I I see a lot of people down here who are if I don't see it personally then it's not happening.
or I am highly inconvenient with my personal life with everything. So I don't want my personal life inconvenience. However, do not put me into jeopardy either. So,
and even if it does affect them personally how
much
of
present and that's like what what needs to happen for you to take something. Like my father in law, he was in a nursing home in New Orleans and um he got covid from the hospital workers because they don't do outside visitors thus and had to have just been an employee Since I can't go in fine. He recovered 80 plus years old. Fine. He recovered. However, my sister in law is still like this isn't real. This isn't real. Like your dad tested positive, he was sick, he
got better. It's like, no, it's still not real. I'm like, okay.
Yes, yes, that's exactly
what it is, Right.
The one thing they're eating along is a covering.
Mhm. And do you see like the actually the news, I think we're becoming desensitized now, similarly, I just don't, you don't hear it as often, you just hear numbers are going up, but I'm hearing other news now. I don't hear the rest of the world anymore about their numbers really, About any of
the lock.
Yeah, like I I don't know if other countries have re locked down. I kind of heard stuff but I really haven't if other like europe has re locked down. I don't know what happened to South America. One moment. They were like about to all like go horrible and next, you know, silence. I heard nothing from them. What's
going on?
Like
us, Yes, we're in lockdown except if you're this, this this or this or you want to do this, this or this, other, that your lockdown.
Have you seen the thanksgiving, hosting the thanksgiving advisory?
Oh that okay. That part. I wasn't aware. I mean like some stores are like, I think Target
Put
it
out.
Uh huh. Are you doing this? Are you doing different sales every day? Yes. Okay. That people are gonna
be coming back.
Do just
what
I
weren't
aggressively.
Yeah. Target I believe so that they're not doing, they're not doing thanksgiving. I don't know if they're doing friday or not live. I think they're doing
it all
on the
line
and
get comfortable.
So almost like preordering almost like ordering online and then they bring it out to you instead.
Then we won't have
this camp.
BP said for Thanksgiving six ft
apart at the table. Okay. How many people will be at the table then too? For six ft apart. Uh
your own food. Okay.
All right. I got my own thanksgiving meal. Thank you. But we're all getting together um Open all doors and windows if you're going to be eating inside.
Yeah. So depending on where you're like florida. Okay, fine, we might have some rain, but we'll have humidity inside. And then those people who are further up north, Alaska, let's just go stereotype Alaska. We're gonna open up our windows and doors in november in Alaska. Um for your own new titles. Um and then don't go out to eat and don't
order.
Exactly. Now when you eat in that room you eat in that room and you eat in that room.
If you need a refill, bring your own refills of whatever you want to bring your own seconds.
No.
I mean
Mhm. It's uncomfortable.
So Halloween was like, we were doing well like for a while and then I guess Halloween killed us a whole bunch because people partying or whatever and now I think it's gonna slow down for a little bit and then thanksgiving is going to boom up again because it's another big thanksgiving. Black friday
and
Well that's right into new york city I believe it's because you know it's so confined and tight in new york city that it was
easier.
Yeah so it's easier more able to spread were let's say down in the warmer areas. I mean I mean it's like you said the warmth was able to end space. We have space down here, we don't have a subway system so people can go out. Um Whereas the big big city sales.
wow. In front of our
areas
have
gone
up and
down. We actually opened up even more right
florida has as of right now to my knowledge, florida has no mandate restrictions. So restaurant and I remember the day that this
happened.
okay, all right. Um But yeah, like I'll go out but also wear the mask. I'll try to keep distance, that kind of thing. But when the restaurant lifted happened, I went out to eat at, the restaurant was packed side by side booth. Um And I was really uncomfortable being so close after being so long with people apart and breathing and walking
around.
Yeah, I mean, we we walked in and I'm like, I felt uncomfortable a little bit, but someone like, oh no, what? I was like, oh, this is not real, we'll just go in and go for it. I'm like, okay. But
she was like, I want to sit here and because because the first one we had not been too so I really want to try it like do we have to
do this
now?
I know but then I go to like a friend of mine uh they own pizza place and they still do the every other table even though they don't have to so they're still every other table. Um And other restaurants are still doing the every other, but then I went to one yesterday um every table was available um And they were not separated people, we just went when it opens so there was nobody there but it could have had every table available and I saw some people um And I went out to you with some friends the other day. I eat out a lot.
Um And different friends. I want to go out to you that I'm lazy. Sure. And um the whole restaurant were the first ones in next people come in right behind us. Another group coming in right
now because I'm like the rest of the restaurant is empty come on.
Well exactly. I mean when I when I worked in a restaurant back in my college years, college or high school college years you know you would space because the servers would all rotate who got booths or who got tables so you would go it would hop around
yes and like oh I can hear your conversation let me put my input in I'm glad to begin with and yes you will hear what I talk about if you're that close and I'm not even shouting. All right well um we go in time it was a pleasure and good luck up there.
Very box.