Oh. Oh. Mhm. It yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, of course. Mhm. Mhm, wow. Mhm. Oh. Hey. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Got you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's go. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh fucking Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. It's not a lot. Okay. Work. I don't know. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, how are you?
I'll put my phone down. So do we know what we're supposed to talk about? Mhm.
Here we go. All right. So, um, what's your name?
Joe?
Okay. I'm Sarah.
Yeah. Good to meet you too. Where are you? Um,
She are you shitting me? Where? Excuse me, I'm sorry.
flip. Okay. I'm in bloomfield hills. So yeah, we're like an hour apart.
Oh, okay. Yeah. So totally a hot spot. Yeah. Local. So are you in school? Oh.
Oh, congratulations. Would you major in mom?
where's your residency? Okay.
wow. Yeah. Okay. So not too far. That's awesome. That's awesome.
What, what's your specialty?
Where are you thinking? Oh fine, fun. So I can imagine this has been Are you did you do like um were you working at all while you were in med school? We're doing
any
of that stuff
her
here.
Words
work.
It's
on the spirit. Yeah. So what did they do with med school? Did you guys just like stop doing your rotations and stuff or
how did the whole pandemic kind of school shutdown thing effective?
Sorry,
what?
Something
like
that.
What?
So
I think my kids last day of school is March the 12th.
There's one
maybe
little
later than that. Okay.
They
closed
medical school too?
morgan.
I
mean All right.
No
more
switch
on the
Which
what
was
that
like?
Yeah. Because like, I didn't know if they would put you like sort of into a practical situation where you were, you know, manning hotlines of people who were losing their cool or you know, kind
of interesting
section
30
some
Um
Yeah.
People
like that,
they're all cool. So do you have a particular sort of sub specialty you want to go into or what are you thinking? Like your ideal dream
points?
working
on that.
Just
like
you just fine.
I would think
so.
Outside.
Okay. Yeah. So I just lost your video. I can I still have audio. Yeah, it's weird. It's this kind of odd little outline shape. Um like it's a black background with a sort of gray scale outline shape. It kind of reminds me of, you know, those target outlines that, you know, you see a gun ranges or, you know, movies, there's no bull's eye or anything
that's,
so in your little corner, wow.
And so every time you talk in the upper right hand corner, there's a little green gradient bubble that sort of pops in. It's not, it's kind of funny. So there, so, um, so by doing your residency in Jackson, are you just planning on staying in michigan? Yeah. Okay.
Hello?
Hi.
Gear
back
choices.
Okay, cool. Cool. Was this your top was Jackson your top choice?
That's
Yeah, that's
Yeah, it's I, you know, so my son, my younger son is a
senior in high school this year and I and possibly the least popular of all of the moms because my advice has always been, it doesn't matter where you go to college, like go where you're happy, where you know where you are, the right size fish and the right size pond feel where you're comfortable and you sort of find find find your zone and you'll be, you'll be happy and the other like tight day moms are like, shut up, we'll talk to my kids, but it'll be fine. Even if it was that your first choice, it's okay.
No.
husband.
Oh, cool. So they feel like your people, I mean like does
it feel
comfortable?
it's
like
is it like joining a fraternity?
You know, it's like you picked up like these are my top three fraternities and they're like, these are our top 20 guys. Yeah, you're not very familiar. Um I have a friend who's daughter is first year at Wayne State. Um, So yeah, other than that, it's not not very familiar. I mean other than, you know, my friends who are doctors talking about their experience going through but that was a long time ago. So yeah.
All right. Yeah. Well because it's it's a big dance and I think audition audition rotation is. Yeah because that's kind of what it is. Yeah.
Yeah. So um what made you settle on psychiatry?
All
right. Would you rotate through? We got 25 minutes
to kill we might us.
no.
All right it's 441 right now so
one
So
it's not uh
Oh all right hang on let me go back to that screen. Oh this is telling me 3:12. Yeah. So what was your first rotation?
Very
it
didn't.
Oh what fine.
Whichever.
That's huge. Yeah.
Especially
since
there's
psychiatry
House
Last
little kids are germy and gross. Uh huh.
Oh, it's like a freaking germ farm. It's just awful. Yeah. Yeah pediatrics goodness. Sorry,
certainly
no.
Now where did you do that rotation
and
lasting? Okay.
We're
all
were they, I was gonna ask if they mostly were in Lansing.
Yeah. Cool. All right. So I like the clumped behind you. Kiss
the poster. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of cool.
Yeah
cuts. Um, so um when will you be moving? Yeah.
What are you going?
hoops.
So
find
and
we want
to hear
that is
good.
The process
just
I'll take
it. Yeah.
They're not
showing how,
yeah, you know, it's interesting. So I was talking to a friend who was talking about one of her friends and um she said that her friend is a realtor and closed on three houses last week in Royal Oak for assuming Beaumont residents. You know, it's just like they would do like the virtual tour and then they would, you know they would let the inspector in and then you know after the inspector had done his notes, then the residents would go in physically and check the house and make sure that it was what they wanted. And then I guess they just sort of close. Is it closing is a weird thing. Have you ever done one before?
No.
Okay. So it's like filling out an entire prescription pad with your signature. Just like you just sign and sign and sign and sign and sign and sign and sign and they tell you to read everything but you just sign, that's all you do. So it's just you know, just get your, get your pin hand ready so you just sign and sign and then there's the one where it tells you you know just is you know how much you're paying for the house and this is all the interest and this is the whole big number together. Don't look at that page. Just sign it and move on. Okay.
Mhm.
Even
better.
It's been a while since I bought a house. Yeah. That's kind of cool. That'll be that'll be good. Did it come furnished with appliances or do you have to go find this? Um
So
there.
Yeah so it's not like you have to buy something and have it moved in because that's not a lot of fun. My washing machine died Wednesday night and the new one doesn't come until thursday. So yeah it's just finding delivery of anything is kind of weird right now. So um how has the scene been in Lansing with the pandemic? Because you know at first all we heard is that you know everybody was staying there and doing nothing but partying and making things worse. What did you notice?
because it's her two nice days for the next two weeks. Yeah it's like all right, everybody's outside today and tomorrow it that we're in for a little while. So so um what do you think um about the shutdown and whatnot? I mean it's interesting that from sort of what have you learned, do you agree with the epidemiologists and you know what actions were taking now do you think those are best practices or what do you think?
yeah that's that's the part that's the scariest and I don't think that the protesters really understand why we're not going out. You know it's not, I mean I sort of see it as eventually we all have a version of this but we just want to make sure that the hospitals don't implode. So. Yeah.
Quiet.
Yeah. Um Have you been out like shopping grocery store by our kind of places?
Yeah. Were you surprised at the number of people who weren't taking precautions wearing master following the steak and arrows on the floor?
Yeah. So I was at the mire in Waterford Thursday and I would say maybe 10 and then you know, I sort of worry about the vision of the rest of their big arrows on the floor. How can you miss those? Especially when it's like we're going to one way you walk in there like one way aisles.
Okay.
The little
glass.
the little spots.
Yeah. The little spots remind me of preschool where they have like you stand on your little spot, don't move, don't touch any of your neighbors. So that's kind of fun. All right. So it feels like we've been talking for Son of a nutcracker five minutes. Yeah,
That
can't
be because
I said it
was
441
And it's 451, but it's not counting down there. Is this sort of the point? Okay.
Yeah,
maybe
something like that. Because I remember looking at 4 33 going, oh, okay. Because you know it takes a while, so Yeah, probably close ish. I'm guessing that's
so
Okay. Hang on, let's go back and check six minutes. Okay. I mean bro, your conversation partner. Once you open the chat, a timer will appear, the timer starts from the moment you get to the survey page. So it may already show some time has passed. You can use the timer to keep track of your chat time. All right, so is it 25 real minutes or 25 computer minutes?
It'll have to be 25
minutes
minutes.
That's
true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we're in a time work. Oh, too funny. Right. So where do you find the painting? It's really it's kind of cool. Yeah,
there
and it and
it appeared
one day on the porch and you're like, all right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There
it
is.
No, it's great. It really is. It's much better than the scream. Right. Yeah.
So Okay.
Um Nothing right now I used to be in marketing per hearing aids actually, so kind of a weird weird little specialty kind of thing. But yeah, so um and I stopped doing that a couple of years ago, so um yeah, I'm sitting at home a lot, a lot um there, so I'm married, I have two kids. Uh my older son works for a printing company in Dearborn, and my younger one is a senior in high school, I'm going to be a freshman,
hopefully fingers
crossed,
yeah, so he's going to the honors college at the University of Houston, which is in Houston, he wanted a big school in the south and so we went and visited and he's like this is it, and he refused to look or apply anywhere else, so so yeah, kind of, he loved it, which is good, so
and
yeah, and it doesn't hurt that my husband is the director of brand management for the university, so he actually we have an apartment in Houston and our house here so sort
of back and forth, but we haven't been back and forth. I mean my son and I have been down to visit since christmas but my husband hasn't been home since christmas and he's like yeah we talked about it today, he was like I'm just not coming back, you guys have too much, You know, there's too much COVID-19 and I have to quarantine because texas has been a little stricter about that. I'm like yeah you can leave but it's getting back in, that's going to be a bit of a problem. So we do lots of uh huh and face time and you know and there's lots of amazon, I don't know where to get this and I'm like here it will be there 3-4 days. So yeah, so it's very interesting but when we were talking about family medicine, one of the cool things is the University of Houston Med school starts in the fall and their focus is family medicine. So um all of their inaugural class, there was a donor that basically is paying for the tuition for the inaugural class. So they're very excited about that. So there will be lots of family medicine folks coming out of Eastern. Okay. Yeah, so they here, That was not very interesting. All right. Let's see. How much time does it think we've passed? eight minutes? Mhm.
Well,
all right, hang on. So we'll pretend we're in discord. Right, okay, so it so there's a little bit of a lag. So when I go back it looks like one of those old timey clocks where, you know the little pieces fall um And several fall at once. Yeah, so it went like 34, 35, You know, 3 7 and now it's clicking off at a regular rate. How does it know which tab unfocused on? Okay. I don't know, it's like a thermostat tighter cold. How does it know? So there, so tell me about your house.
No. Perfect.
Club. Oh my gosh
so
the upper floor is like is that the master bedroom
and
then
downstairs it's front bedroom, back bedroom bath in the middle.
so our hearse house was a bungalow, that was like 1200 square feet but it was four bedrooms, one bath and the family, we bought it from raised four Children in this house and I'm like how the heck with one bathroom, you know like yeah, taking turns a lot so Yeah, but 1200 square feet is perfect because it's not too much, not, you know, you get an office, a guest room, yeah, the perfect size, wow, so you're going over thursday but they're just giving you the keys and letting you wander by yourself.
Right. Oh yeah maybe. Yeah. Okay that'll be good. So wow. And then you just have to move all your stuff.
Okay so um depending on what you want for furniture you can't order a lot of that from amazon. So when Pat moved like started his job at Houston we went down with four suitcases of just stuff like I'm like some extra kitchen stuff, I'm just throwing things and I think he might need. And so that was I think we left early friday morning and he had to be in las Vegas. It's something like you know he started his job and then he goes to a trade show immediately so by the time I left Tuesday afternoon we had fully furnished his apartment. It was just it was crazy. So and he had an air mattress until I could find something else. So I ordered his bed frame and his mattress from amazon so still at least deliver that if the stores aren't open. Yeah wow.
No. So um we we sort of got the furniture you know in mind for like you know if our son moves into another apartment or my husband comes back you know whatever but it's just an iron bed frame and it just sort of snapped together sort of um and it got a memory foam mattress so you just unroll it, let it fluff up and that was it much better than the blow up mattress. Mm That was yeah that was a little crazy. Um There's always like a two but it's not open. Yeah furniture is kind of a weird thing to be playing now. Okay so when do you think that will be getting more of an all clear?
Yeah. I've been frustrated by people um doing the well witnesses over the first thing I'm going to do is some insane thing in large crowd insert, whatever that is. It's like we're not gonna be doing that for a while so I can be doing that for a long time, so. Oh yeah, it's uh yeah, I don't know whether people just don't fully understand or they haven't come to terms yet, Maybe, I'm not sure. So, do you think you'll be seeing an uptick um in like psychiatric patients once restrictions or East?
Yeah, I think anxious is probably, yeah, I think people are anxious. It certainly aren't being caught. Well, I don't know. They're not I think it's the unknown that's making people anxious. That and the virus doesn't make you break out in boils so you can't tell who's about it and who doesn't uh So they're all right. I'm gonna check time. What do you think it says? I would say
10 minutes. Yeah. 11. All right it's 11 and it's 54.
I do too.
I don't know I
haven't
either
but it's the time. White girl. And So keep the conversation for at least 25. All right let's see if it tells us whether it's real minutes tab will stay open. You start um leave the chat open. You will not be able to come back. Yeah once
you've opened the chat window of time will appear it starts the moment you get to this survey page. That's not correct.
There's got
to be because I was a couple minutes early.
you moved
on to the next page already?
It's
a little confusing. Yeah. It's like talk about birthday cake you know or whatever everything you know. All right
so
we
yeah so if let's argue that you got here at 4 35. Right? It's
506 now.
Right. So I think we're well within the And it's saying 13
that no that's not right at all. Okay. I mean because
you know
It's got to be like are we gonna sit here and talk for 45 minutes because it's telling us that it's 13 but maybe we're two people who can tell time, you know right and you know we have things to do. Um Yeah I mean right now it's 14. I you know I say we call it and take her chances just because. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. So now how do we get out of this? The chat and recorded? Do we just close the tab?
Or do we just go through the rest of it in the other tab? Then when we're done, we're done.
What? Once you open the survey, uh do not move on to the next page until you've opened the conversation in a new tab. Okay. Will
not
be able to go back and you will not be able to begin your conversation. All right. So, you're already there. So, I'm gonna click through just to see. Okay. How is the technical quality? Was that your first question? Okay. Some issues. How many minutes? The during.
Right. How many minutes did it last? 30? Because if they watch the tape will know that we're doing this. Call it. Why are you at the 3rd question? Yeah,
we are. Okay. I'm
just like, this is crazy.
Yeah. No, no. That it was not life changing, but it was still interesting. All right. Listen, good luck with your move. Uh huh.
Yeah, enjoy your weekend.
Thanks.