Hello?
Good, are you?
My impression was that it was just talking about anything For 25 minutes.
My name
is joe,
nice to meet you.
Michigan.
It's okay. East Lansing.
Yeah, I'm actually from Livonia.
Just graduated
for undergrad biomedical sciences and then I just finished my getting my medical degree. Mhm.
Jackson. Jackson Michigan.
No
psychiatry.
So
like
our
last two years, like years
three and four um is one where in the hospital and we're doing rotations and so it's
it's learning
but you're also getting hands on
experience
from.
Yeah, so five weeks ago. Um It
was longer than like
six or 7 weeks
ago. Like
pretty much
when when
the lockdown started is when they
told us.
Um It was like
little
later than
that.
Whenever like the governor, like whenever they like close the restaurants and the gyms and everything
is
one.
Yeah they stopped, well they stop the online or they stopped in person classes for like the 1st and 2nd years and then like
in my situation when I'm in
the hospital,
so no more
students.
So they switch
us to depending
on what rotation we're on. Some sort of online module. Um Which
it
wasn't
as
like,
you know, fun or exciting as you know, actually like being there. But fortunately I just had like a few more weeks left.
Some
some students
are
doing that as like volunteer
work. Um
Yeah, they
have like a hot right at the college here and um people
answer
calls.
I'm not sure yet. I've had like
some experience both. Um working
in the hospital,
like an inpatient setting, acute setting and I've also had experience just like
in the
clinic
patient. Um You know, there's certain aspects of both. I think it's a little more fun and exciting, like you know impatient but it's nice
developing
relations relationships like you know outside
of the hospital and getting to know your patients.
Huh. That's interesting.
I can still see myself like in my corner of the screen.
Mhm
that was that was
my plan when I had
to apply to a bunch of different programs. Um
You
know my my top choices were
in michigan,
It wasn't um
it was like number # four Adam Like 20 or something programs. Um but I'm I'm
happy with that.
What?
Yeah and um fortunately I did a rotation
there like as an audition rotation is what they call it, so I was able to meet all the residents
and a lot of the doctors that I'll be working with.
I got
along
with them well and apparently they liked me too so because they they also like break us like it's I don't know if you're familiar with
the
system
cut.
every time I try to explain it to my family members or friends it's it's pretty complicated.
you always have to be on top of your game.
I just thought it was the most interesting out of um every
rotation I did. Um
Are
you keeping track? Because like I accidentally click the
arrow on my tab. So
because like
on the the survey page it says
that
there would be a timer but I accidentally click like the right arrow so I can't go back.
so
um internal medicine. Um So that's just that was that was a lot of hard work um because it's a lot of days were like from seven a.m. To five p.m. Even as long as like six p.m. And um you know as a medical student, we didn't really
do much,
especially like in the afternoons when a lot of the work was already done. So we would just be sitting around there just watching, watching the residents type up notes.
But I did learn a lot and I enjoyed a um then I had like family medicine which
I really liked.
Um especially
since like
there there
is a lot of um psychiatry
and mental illnesses that you see in family practice as well mm And then I also did
rotations in pediatrics um which wasn't really my cup of
tea here. Um
I know and I got sick too.
And then let's see uh surgery.
Um That was pretty rough too. Uh huh. You know long
days. And they made the med students do call sometimes with them. So
Um so I was in
Lansing.
I did most
of my
go ahead.
Yeah. For third year, all my rotations were in Lansing. Yeah.
The what? Oh you do.
it's actually it's actually like a frame like replica convent. Yeah.
Um
so I kind of had to push that back a little bit because of this whole kind of virus thing. But I was supposed to move out like I think like
tomorrow actually was my
original move out date but the landlord
kind and
he let
me
extend
it for
as much time as I need. Um
But I have a house that um is in the process
of um me purchasing
it. It's just like I I say we signed the agreement. Everything, it's just I have to get the inspection done and that was taken
because
the real estate agent said they're not really
showing any
now.
No, this
is my first time.
Yeah,
I actually did that, but it was all like online through
so like my electronic
signature. So I just had to like instead of like doing a lot of signings, a lot of clicking. Mhm.
so
there's a
refrigerator dishwasher, um stove oven um washer dryer. Yeah.
Um I think that's how it was initially, but you know, once all like the bars closed and everything um it's been pretty quiet like there still are like I drive by and I see people hanging outside their houses and stuff especially now because it's nicer weather.
Yeah. I just have to trust the experts. Um You know, just, especially like initially if, you know, I can't imagine if we didn't do any of the practices that we're doing now. Like how overwhelmed the hospitals would be.
Yeah, I mean, I I understand their point of view. You know, they want their freedom and liberty, but you know, there has come to a point where, you know, you have to think about all the lives that are
in the play here.
Yeah. I've been to Meyer
especially um when Governor Whitmer said, you know, everyone should be wearing a mask inside. I was surprised. I thought like at least maybe maybe like one person want to be wearing masks, but I saw, you know, 10's, 12 people like, like, like At least 25% of the people that, you know, we're in there were not wearing masks.
Oh, we actually don't have that here. The yeah,
we just have like at the checkout line, like those places
on
the Yeah,
yeah where it says like stand six ft away. Uh huh
Is that is that true? Because
I
know
because
I
looked
at the clock, it was like right.
um So
What do you know what time I signed in like 4:35,
you think?
So
I
I think, I think they'll have to, you know, take
when
they
reviewed the video, like it should have like the exact time that, you know
like
of those websites that like sells furniture, maybe Wayfair or
one of those Overstock or you know,
one
of
because
I
was like looking for, you know, something to decorate my apartment with and um I just stood out.
So
what do you do?
Does he
college
picked up?
Yeah, good for
him.
that's
I think maybe that's when you like click the tab. Mm I don't
know.
It's pretty small, 1200 square feet. Um I just wanted something cheap, you know?
Yeah, like my margin market is going to be, you know, like half of what I'm paying for rent right now, so I'm happy with that. Um it's got three bedrooms, 1 bathroom.
it's like a 1.5 story, so um I don't know like, you know, the upper floor is kind of like slanted, that way.
Kind of
Yeah, it's just one bedroom.
Pretty
much.
I don't know because I haven't, I'm checking it out this thursday. Oh yeah, I've only seen pictures,
I'm not sure um My real estate agent texted me this morning um because I guess they're like lifting some of the restrictions in regards to real estate.
unfortunately like I don't have that much furniture here because they came furnished, so so I'll just have I don't I don't know if I'll just have to get like a mattress and a dresser and a couch.
was it, was it hard to assemble it?
I have no idea. Um it's going to be like a slow process and you know, gradually reopening and stuff um but I have no clue about what that timeline is going to be.
I feel like it's a possibility um especially people that have been losing their jobs and are in financial distress. Um And just in general like I feel like a lot of more people are anxious and possibly depressed because of everything that's going on.
13
I feel like it's been like over 25 minutes, but
it's up to you. I don't
I've never done one of these before, like a video
chat with
someone,
I
I think there's some technical problem. Um
I'm
yeah um like the second question on the survey is like putting in like how many minutes our conversation last. Um So
me
yeah, I accidentally did that because I didn't like quite understand the instructions at first, I thought I was like you know, open up the video chat and then click the arrow because I thought there was gonna be like a prompt or you know, something that we talk
about.
So
maybe
it's just that like they'll take our word for it or something. I don't know.
and then you
So like 31 minutes.
Okay. That's not right.
Maybe
not as part of the experiment.
I think it's just yeah, we can just close the ted
I'm not sure does it say?
See?
That's that's
that's the question I'm on right now.
I think I'm okay to like end the video and like answering questions.
We
don't have to share answers.
Thank you. It was a pleasure talking to you.
Bye.
Thanks you too.