Mhm. Yeah. My already? Uh You already have Rory.
Hi, are you
good?
I'm compulsively early and I'm always like waiting around.
Here we go. My name is Amanda. It's nice to meet you.
So where are you from?
Same. Actually.
I never
get people from new york.
I did. I think I've done like three or four so far and it's usually people from like Idaho or somewhere super
It's kind of nice when you can like actually relate to people. Like I've done a couple where it's been super awkward and like so Draghi and you're just like I like this is horrible. But
about his upstate as you can get like close
to like a past Syracuse a little bit.
It's
like super
upstate. Yeah.
Right. And it's like a totally different state. It's so funny when you tell people you're from new york and I'm like no, no, like not that new york. Like
I mean I grew up in Buffalo, so I was a little bit closer but still upstate is crazy though. It's like super rural. Ah
Oh does he? That's awesome. My brother is going to school right over there too. I think it's like he's in Damon or something now. I can't remember. Um He goes to you be though.
you be as awesome. That campus is really cool too.
Buffalo is like okay, you know, there's stuff to do, but it's not like mind blowing. The food is really good,
literally. Anything you can imagine. Buffalo has like a huge refugee community. So any cuisine you can possibly imagine exist there, which is awesome.
So do you like live in new york or do you go to school?
Oh, that's awesome dude. Yeah,
just
randomly
like, and then
you're like, hmm.
yeah, it's like not really a comparison. I've been in michigan like twice and it seems like pretty boring, like there really isn't much going on in michigan Detroit was okay. It was like Detroit was kind of a shit hole, but it was okay. There's like stuff to do.
that was pretty much it. And driving through. Yeah.
That's crazy.
That's awesome. It's like those rust belt cities like Detroit and Buffalo and I think there's like a couple more that are considered rust belt. They were like super populated and like really wealthy back in the day and now they're just kind of trying to claw their way back to that. Um I think it's cool though because there's like there's a really thriving art scene and stuff in cities like that. And the food too.
I'm
a shop like that's my main number one focus at all times. It's like, oh food, what kind of food can I get at this place?
Um, I was classically trained in french, but I will cook literally anything. I tried to make noodles last night. It was an absolute disaster, but pretty much anything I can try. I will definitely try to make and then eventually perfect Because I physically can't give up on something until I get
it. Right.
what do you do?
That's awesome. You don't get sick of people all day and then do this.
That's not too bad. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Like elementary or like middle school.
On
that's a lot. That's like a huge
range of problems
too. Like from little kids, stuff like serious shit as you get older. That's crazy.
Do you like,
oh, that's awesome, occupational there. Okay. That's really cool. All right. Love your job. Yeah.
I love when people actually, they do. Yeah.
I feel like everybody's just struggling to survive. You know what I mean? And you just like take a job because you need the money, you know what I mean? And you don't necessarily prioritize what you want to do.
No. Oh God no, I'm a musician and my last job job I guess would have been like a photography manager and I do a lot with photography, but it's always been kind of like art oriented, but I just kind of landed on food, you know what I mean? And there's always jobs cooking. That's the big thing.
now I work, I work at a chateau actually
like a big, it's like a small castle where they do like fine dining. Yeah, I live. So where I live is super touristy. It's like on a huge river and like very upscale sort of environment. Um I'm broke but the people who live around here are not like it's a very wealthy, very so like black tablecloths, the waiters like all done up huge wine list, all that crap. Like it's fun though. It's a good challenge.
I.
Um So in our kitchen right now we probably have like because it's our off season because it gets really slow
in the
winter
up here
like.
Yeah
it's our slow season right now because it's like winter and nobody wants to come up here in the winter but we get it done it's a lot because we're open from like eight a.m. With brunch until 11 o'clock for dinner. I mean it would be like 10 now I guess. But yeah,
thank
you for getting that. Mhm.
I know and it's like such a big thing in my job to like I have to know this crap and I never, I can't even keep up.
Hopefully it
doesn't last
forever.
So we have our head chef who essentially writes the menu and then we're basically all given pieces of things to do. Like during the day we'll start our prep, One of us will be in charge of like one thing and we basically just break down the list until we have everything ready that we need to actually cook for people and then on the line at any given time it will be like four of us or so and then
like the dishwasher and all that, so it's busy and it gets tight and there sometimes, but it's not bad, it's so fun. Like I can't even talk about my job because it is so fun and that's part of the reason I think I stuck with this career because it's like I can still have pink hair and affect zero about my job.
it's the worst to when it fades out and it looks like pool water kind of like it's this horrible color. Mhm.
They
probably
frown up there in your job though I would imagine. Right? Yeah.
What?
I wasn't sure if it's got more like leaning into, you know what I mean, like as the years go by and it's more socially acceptable.
That's
crazy.
Right. It's technically still a natural color. Right.
Yeah, I'm not even mad about it though, it looks so good.
That would be so cool though, the kids you work with her probably love it.
Oh, oh my god my
daughter
started
and I basically let her take the color at this point.
All
hands, she has pink on the bottom of her hair right now. She's put me through blue purple and this current like magenta situation we have going on here, that's like six
months.
My
mom like she wants to do it. I'm like, I can't say no, like I can't do
it myself
and then be like,
no, you can't do that. I know you're freezing to, I don't know why there's like a little bars in the corner and it's like two bars. I think this site is
so weird
sometimes because it will run for like the entire conversation and then towards the end it just starts getting super crappy.
I know. I know. And it's like the visual too is like super weird and grainy. I don't know if it's weird for you to yeah,
I still have no idea what they're actually like looking for in these studies. Like what are you doing to stay here and watch these? It's very weird to me.
yeah, and I mean how many people are doing these two? Like that's got to be so many. Mhm
how, I just don't understand how that benefits anything, but I've been, I just started doing the studies like a year ago and the variety of things like they do surveys for is bananas, like so many different topics, you're like, what is this?
But
it's like,
it's like pretty good money though, like once you get into it and like figure out what works for you if you can like bank money. I do one site that does Amazon gift cards and it's pretty dope. And I've gotten like $100 Amazon gift cards in like two months, right?
That's what I'm saying, like it kind of christmas is coming and I'm basically taking all of that and just using it for christmas. Yeah.
Yeah.
Which
is not
bad for like chilling in your spare time at home, you know what I mean? Oh
pretty much it's surveys and it's like stuff like this um this one's through the University of Chicago, I think it's like their actual school research program, so it pays a little
bit better and you get a little bit more of a variety.
We're only like 10 cents and you're like how do I not have any money?
And I mean when you get up to six of them and it's like 20 minutes of peace, it doesn't equate to a ton of money, but if you're just doing it in your spare time like it's bonus, you know, how did you find this stuff like how did you get into doing the service? Okay.
Beer
money
wasn't beer money. That's
right. All of them like
thanks credit for actually giving me some spare change like I didn't think it would actually be legitimate or like make a decent amount. But you do.
Some
of
these people
make like
crazy money though.
like somebody has to I guess yeah
finished.
Especially after the election there was like a shitload of surveys to like the day or two after. It was crazy. Yeah.
and if there's like something that's worth it you can commit the time to it. But other than that you know what I mean?
I think I have like $60 sitting in my prolific account right now.
I'm just like I've done like four of these surveys this round and it adds up so fast. It's way easier than sitting here and doing like the 13 cent ones over and over and over
and over
again. And
I like
hopeful. So I have the time during the day
crazy and insane thing. I never thought I would. Do you know what I mean? Like. Yeah.
America. Yeah so my daughter's school is open five days like they are full time open, nothing
has
changed
and
we're like a rural community and I don't trust the community to take the proper precautions. You know what I mean? Like my brother is paralyzed from the chest down so he's super immuno compromised which means I have to
be extra
careful. So it was like do I send them to school and risk it or just keep them home? She's in second grade so it's not terrible you know? But it's been an adventure like getting to sit
there and brought your child learn is really really cool. Like you miss out on that. I feel like as a parent, when your kids are in public school, you don't get to sit there and like see that light bulb moment where they like get it. Oh
yeah.
Three.
No, I'm a teacher like literal homes will not even remote learning. Um
The school that she was going to is like full time in school. They don't even do remote.
Um I'm pretty sure I haven't even been, I don't really like talk to any of the other like school parents anymore because we're all kind of like living our own lives. But
as far as I know, everybody has to wear masks and stuff. It's
just a lot. I was like five days full time still is pretty crazy that many kids. Yeah.
I think they it was like 20 something and I think it's
down to like 12 now boy
still
still
alive. Yeah, it's like
school too, so it's not like huge, but they just don't have the space to like move anybody around problem.
That's
crazy.
Did it like all turning
I feel like that's, Oh man, that's so tough. Like
I
can't
imagine, I feel like the, every other day would be more effective than the week. You know what I mean? Because we're like
learning
so intensely for a week and then you send them home and they're like, yeah, okay.
have friends that are in Colorado and they're like, their kids are doing the same thing. He's only in school like Tuesdays and Fridays or something and I would
have been fine with that because it would have been less bad for me. But they were like, yeah, no, sorry, we're upstate new york where trump is law and we're going to go to
school every day.
so
you are, you're given at the beginning of the year, they don't even give you like a topic list of things that you absolutely have to cover. It just has to be like for their age range something, you know what I mean? So I use time for learning, it's like an online schooling curriculum. Well that gives me like a basis. So she's in second grade and it gives you like chapter by chapter, everything that you need. So I just go
off of that. I'll make worksheets and we basically, we're on track with what the school is doing right now. Like she's learning fractions and stuff and it's fun because everything comes as learning like we could be looking and like, okay, now we're gonna do fractions in this counts, you know what I mean? You're getting that extra enrichment, and plus we're like outside a lot, because like I said, we live in the country, so a lot of hiking.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, I think,
yeah, I have a whole stack my tiny classroom right now, right,
I'm all about, I got so excited, I'm like, I'm going to get all of the things this year.
like you have to be, and I just, it's cool because you get so much one on one time versus like where she's in a classroom with however many kids, like you can't necessarily spend that time to teach them how they excel. Yeah,
I never thought I would do this like ever
in my life.
Yeah, I have a daughter and then I have a four year old son and we're doing like light pre k. Like uh
most of my time is dedicated to doing this stuff like I actually have to do for new york state for her. But he gets a lot of like writing practice, drawing practice,
we do a lot of crafts and stuff like
oh my God. Yeah, that one, there's also these how to draw videos on Youtube that they weirdly love. They're so cute to like
very
child oriented and you can draw like the cutest stuff, hang on
literally like this is the one we did today,
You
have
to check
out this video. You're so cute, like so easy. 10 minutes.
she
was
having
like such a girl. So definitely all about the cute stuff.
better than I expected. Like I was definitely stressed about like the balance, but it's not too bad. My husband works full time so it's like we're kind of just always on the go you know? But
it's not bad. At least he's still working, you know what I mean? Like has not had a break throughout the whole pandemic thing yet.
He's a dental assistant so he's kind of like stuck there.
is super stressful because I'm like dude you are in people's literal mouths every day. That's like so gross.
for whatever reason he's all about it, he got into three D. Printing because of it and that's his main thing at his job now is he like he's learning how to three D. Print teeth I guess. Yeah I figured out a way to make like cheaper dentures for people that they connect it's people And that's how I ended up with a three D. printer in my house and a bunch of toys that he printed.
he did a he printed out like a knuckles and tails from sonic for my son because he like loves knuckles and tails. It's so cool. Like you can find anything on the internet to print.
It's such a pain in the ass though. Like it smells so bad.
longer than I thought it would. I was like dude that thing is like this big and it took eight hours. This is crazy. Yeah.
And then he got the curing
station to like the whole set up now. Oh
I know. It's literally like behind me. Yeah multi
use classroom work room, everything in one room. Because apartments are not cheap. I'm transporting new york girl.
like 800 for a two bedroom house right now.
The downside is like nothing around here. So like
you kind of get what you before, I think.
That's why a lot of my friends that work in the city live in Jersey.
I wonder why. I feel like I don't I wouldn't want to live in Jersey.
That's so weird. I feel
like people,
he's pretty super judgy if you were from Jersey like
and
across
the bridge,
because like everyone is broke and just trying to live
Hate that. Especially now like I can't imagine having to take the train left like that.
it's like freezing.
I think we hit 25 anyways though, so
to talk
to you.