SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Well. Well, right. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Go on. Go on. Well. Uh huh. Well, yeah. What? Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Because yeah. Mhm. Black, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. The problem. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Right. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, correct. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Um I Uh huh. Mhm. All right. Maybe that's all, No. Mm. Okay. Right, mm. Yeah, wow. What is it I Yeah. Mhm. Well, oh, what Doctor Black Boys? And you know what I can get your uh All right. Oh yeah. Yeah. What about you? Mhm. Yeah. What you are? Yeah. Oh. Oh, okay. Mhm. Fucking losers gonna show up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay, ourself position. Uh The next idiot that show. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mm. Why? Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. And we can start just 25 minutes we've done with these before.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, it's exactly four o'clock and I think that's that's what our time begins.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I'm saying have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, this is my first time.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Well thanks for showing up. Usually. Usually they don't show up on time. So are they don't show up at all? So sure
SPEAKER_R: Have you
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: done this before?
SPEAKER_L: been at once. And then the very first one I had the person, another person showed up and then the other two times no one ever showed up. And I think that more often than not, people don't seem to show up. But anyway, thank you for showing up. So all you gotta do is talk for 25 minutes at 10 o'clock now and we're good
SPEAKER_R: What are we talking about? I
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: literally literally can talk about anything. I mean at the I don't know if I'm you'll just have a question, you'll have a questionnaire after this and then try to guess things about the other person and uh that's it, so it's pretty, pretty straightforward um just however you want, however you want to kill 25 minutes, it's up to you. Uh and then you know, you'll just have questions related to how the how you thought the conversation went, how you think I thought the conversation went, but literally you can talk about anything you want, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so, I mean, it looks like it seems like a training, you know, like at work, you sign up for a training and there are different people from different areas show up and you kind of pair arab it with another person and
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: kind of like, it seems that way for me at least. Um but let me begin with introducing myself, my name is deeper. I'm and I live over in uh new york post and uh basically,
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: I mean just raising my daughter and family and work and whatever goes along with that, you know, the good thing, good stuff and the bad stuff, you know, just,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely, I'm like I'm in Houston. Um So also family, so, but yeah, no, it's obviously you're got this off of a seem prolific. So what I guess, how long have you been working on? Prolific?
SPEAKER_R: it's been a couple of months I found out about prolific accidentally on
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: one of the best all are living gig economy. It's, everybody has some side gig, do something. Um, but I have a very uh, you know, limited free time, seemed like an interesting way to, you know, share my opinions and had research and a lot of good schools are on, on it. My daughter is a college
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: student and uh I thought like this is a great opportunity for me to voice my opinion, share my ideas and, and I'm curious by nature, I like your new things and kind of, you know, keep my uh brain cells moving. Um,
SPEAKER_L: no, I mean I think the problem because um I mean I don't I mean I actually enjoy it just because it's a variety relative to what I'm normally doing online, so it is kind of interesting. It does to keep you engaged and um it's been pretty interesting to me. I've had some, I mean I've had a couple of tests that were pretty, extremely interesting that there anyway, so for me it's, you know, it's been pretty, I mean some of them aren't that great, but I think on the variety it's, you know, in the most part is interesting to see, you know what for me, it's always interesting to see whether what they're actually trying to figure out because it's typically not what is simply not what the study says it's about. You know, there's a lot of misdirection that goes into it in my experience, but Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yes, some, I felt that like somebody, you know in a sense that the questions repeat itself in this study. Uh, and I mean like the other day I was doing 11 study and I thought that I just, I just answer this question, why is this question again? Did I like hit the back? But I don't know like why am I like, you know, but
SPEAKER_L: I think they get I think they get a lot of these, I think there's a lot of questions that sit in like question pools that they can just happen to. So you'll see there, you know, most of these, most of the research is not like most of these templates are not from scratch, so you'll notice a lot of like, repetitive things across different researchers will use. Um And sometimes it's pretty overkill. I mean, it's I guess they figure they have you they're gonna try to get everything out of you. But I'm like, I don't know how meaningful, you know, this research is on a lot. A lot of times I really question the the value of the research, but I guess I should be here.
SPEAKER_R: how long have you been uh doing these studies on? Probably feel
SPEAKER_L: That would I don't know, I can actually put my history right now. I would say, I wouldn't say maybe 4 to 5 months. Um I can just go off. I'd have to go back to see what my first mission was. But this is like I've done 267 of them, 216 were approved. I had a bunch of the ball. I mean I probably have a bunch of just studies. They get returned. Uh studies, they get returned just because they time out or I'm doing something else that I have time to do them or you get into a study and there they want like 15 written responses. Just kind of bad use of time sort of things. And if I have anything else that comes up while I'm doing one, I'll just return it. So um.
SPEAKER_R: I have returned quite a few. Uh and that's because of the uh computer work says tablet that I'm not always I'm on the computer, I have like ipad sitting and I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: typically take it on those and then they say like this is that the study is not uh this uh technology is not supported by the study that basically written it because I just can't progress.
SPEAKER_L: What you should do what I would what I would suggest doing is um So I don't think the problem is that sometimes the researcher will specify more than one, uh that was supposed to buy more than one technology, for example, like they'll say, hey, it's okay to use the tablet, it's okay to use uh a laptop desktop, but it's not okay to use a smartphone. Whereas most of the time I think they're just they're probably mostly always doing laptop desktop. So prolific isn't like when there's two options, prolific is like, we don't know which it is, right? So
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: if you if you go look at that icon, if you go look at those three icons, what you gonna do the study, you, then it will tell you very quickly that yes, you're honest. Important device. I've never had anything rejected because of that, but I've gotten that warning before and it was just because they had selected two options. So I don't think it's a big deal. I've never actually had any studies uh I've never had any studies rejected but I'll probably get probably have one today rejected because I was what? It was one of those like one of those things where supposedly you're talking to other people, but clearly the other people are all like just scripted bods.
SPEAKER_R: uh I did
SPEAKER_L: Different.
SPEAKER_R: that too and that was like okay, I mean the the answers were like store like structure so you can figure it out. I mean it's not a real
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: courtroom.
SPEAKER_L: there was real obvious that they were all scripted. But I just for me like whenever you tell somebody that like oh you're going to engage with other participants and if I can tell the other participants are all like scripted bods that I just call it out. So because I'm like but I guess I was to uh I was too like direct about it because I kept questioning. So what I like to do is whenever I'm in one of those studies, I'll always ask the other quote unquote participant asked him just some basic the same way they ask you a basic question um just asking that same question and when they don't they don't respond to it, then they're clearly uh but these weren't even good, these weren't even good chatbots that like could actually respond to questions these years were just like every the whole entire conversation with scripted. Uh so they weren't even, I'm like, okay, well, I don't know how to play along with this one and my sister pretend that I don't know that these aren't really for. Uh Anyway, I don't know. Most of the, I think most of the studies have been relatively interesting, although honestly, I think that I just need to come up with some canned answers for. Uh so one that commonly will come up and I don't know about your experience, but like they always want to know about like tell me about some work situation you had. So it's like just write five, go ahead and write five sentences and copy and keep that enough. Uh no
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: pad or whatever. And
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: good ideas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that honestly will save you. And I should just do that because I might look, that question is going to like tell me about a stressful time at work, you know, and you're going to get that you're gonna get that once a week and just give them the same thing and then change it slightly as needed and uh True.
SPEAKER_R: I mean uh oftentimes you don't even know what you're going to get, but
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: that's a good idea to have like some standard answers save somewhere on you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: So how is the covid situation in your part of the uh
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: area?
SPEAKER_L: actually don't, to be honest, I don't really keep up with it just because I don't, I don't really take any risks. So reading the news doesn't really educate me. It just makes me worried, so to speak. So I don't really, it doesn't inform me and then it's going to change my behaviors, but it would definitely probably make me more worried or upset. So I just don't believe that because I don't keep up with the news. But it's just uh it's not good for at least my view is that it's since it doesn't actually inform you and in my opinion and doesn't change your behavior is that it just causes unnecessary stress so have enough stress as it is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: This is how I think because new york like I said I'm from new york and new york was one of the hardest hit and it was it was really scary a week ago. I kind of like don't watch the news but I know that covid is a real thing and it's a real so try to take like you know basic precautions and whatever they have put it out on C. D. C. And on the channel and basically as far as working is concerned we are all telling working um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: but we are not out there. Um And I just cautions I want to.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to save, I just um when I first was reading about it, I was like reading everything about it. So then I just stopped doing that because it was just like taking over my life. So like I don't it doesn't mean that I don't take it seriously. It's just that I'm not gonna obsess about it because it's literally changing no part of my life because it's not I'm not gonna take it. I mean I'm already taking enough precautions as it is, I'm not going to Yeah, I know, I can't stress myself out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: that's all here on this side of the uh mr and it they're getting into the fall and the winter season. Blue sharks and outer also like let's let's uh set up appointment for the flu shots at least you know, you can take care of that.
SPEAKER_L: actually just just got my flu shot yesterday, so definitely definitely do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Other than that life is kind of like almost at a standstill this year was like a car in a history. I never ever saw this my entire life and you know, I don't think I will ever be, I will ever experienced this, but who knows? You know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's definitely been no questions definitely been challenging, I mean, I guess, but I mean I guess every generation has kind of gone through something, whether it be a major war or some other kind of massive thing and I guess for all the times that people have warned, like something really bad is gonna happen this time and then finally something did. So it's like, I mean, I mean personally have not been materially impacted by it, but I definitely do you understand that it's uh uh been significant? So just trying to do, I mean, you can only you can only control what you can control. So
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. And we just had like some days ago be like a big storm came, I mean that that storm just came out of nowhere. It lasted for like about 20 minutes. And I have like a lot of woods in the back a couple of trees just came down and there was like no electricity and power went off for a lot of people, like almost a year and a half, I lost the internet connection for entire day until like last night. I wasn't sure that I'm going to able to like you know uh do this, but this was actually yesterday afternoon, it came again, I lost it at night and then this whole morning it is it is going well, but 20 minutes storm just you know, disrupted everything colour still uh still don't have power. So you know, trees are down
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: and those are
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: slow.
SPEAKER_L: I'll say that there's absolutely no penalty. They're not showing up to these other than that you just don't get paid. So there's no penalty. And honestly, if you just be prepared for when you because you can do this multiple times, um you can do this multiple times. And um my advice is that don't pick up even though you might be up early in the morning, don't pick don't pick any like tight, don't pick times that you think someone else might not show up to. So like for me, I'm a very early in the morning, but I think the odds doesn't want it and I can send a calendar and operate off of the calendar are sent a reminder for myself. But most of people doing this cannot. So um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean think a mop and people just forget or they just don't want to do it. I mean any number of reasons I picked it up on the weekends. I said like I don't
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: want to get
SPEAKER_L: brutal.
SPEAKER_R: this in too much. Oh you
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: know what big days? So I just picked up like you saturday sunday and I believe what I think and they also, and then I got an email saying that four o'clock is your time as a great, I mean I can do that and it's a beautiful day here, 75 days and I was telling my daughter that as soon as we're done in there, uh we are going to so for a nice walk in the woods and just call it today with Oh no, you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: right. Which I could say the same but we have like so much piled up for today that it's not going to be the case. I actually probably turned down some projects today. So yeah just not gonna happen. But anyway this one's easy. So but yeah there's a it's pretty intensive. I mean I don't know what I can say or not say. They don't believe they don't really um tell you anything other than just talk. So I don't know if I can what I can not say. But I mean basically you're just the whole questionnaire will just be what your perceptions are essentially of basically I have to try to figure out what you think of me and you have to try to figure out what I think of you. So there.
SPEAKER_R: mean, I since I didn't have any script or any topic, I thought it's going to be the small talk and that is what it is. Looks like.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: It's a small talk I'll be a part of
SPEAKER_L: it's whatever you want to talk about it and then they'll just figure out. So, I mean, I guess if I had to guess what's going on here is, you know, they're not, you know, they're a they're not they're not affiliated with any university. So what they probably are is they're probably training some Ai system off of these conversations because nobody in their right mind is going to want to watch, no offense to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you, but nobody's gonna want
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: to or to be, but nobody wants to listen to this for 25 minutes at all. No human is gonna listen to this for 25 minutes. Other than someone's gonna probably check to see did you people show up or not? And it wasn't like, yeah, to audios playing in the background. So it's probably training some, probably training some AI system to say, hey, what do you think I mean? And, you know, based on human perceptions of how this conversation is going, based on our independent assessments, uh, you know, I guess the Ai is gonna try to take a shot at it, probably possess, you know, whether we hated each other, like each other, you know, whatever would we ever talk in real life, that kind of thing. Just, you know, the Ai is probably gonna take a shot at and say, hey, let me go, great, this interaction, what you're gonna do with that, I don't know, but that's, you know, there definitely seems to be a lot of, I see a lot of that kind of stuff across different platforms where, you know, they were trying to get A I two, you know, assess you know certain kind of either expressions on a person's face or like just be able to literally be able to you know get you know, can you get can you get an A. I. System to get as good a read on a person as and in you and I probably can't get a good read on each other or I mean I'm sorry to humans interacting with would have difficulty assessing engagement level, right? Or whatever or whatever you wanna call it right? But anyway, that's that's my completely uneducated guess. Oh
SPEAKER_R: since there was no script, no topic. I said I can, I can just, as long as it's not a job interview and it's not a word
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: presentation, I'm good with that, you know
SPEAKER_L: give
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you I'll give you a job interview. Okay. What was your if you could be any animal, what animal would you choose to be?
SPEAKER_R: I have an answer for that. I think I will, I've overtopping cock. I would go with the board chalkboard because it's beautiful. Uh it has
SPEAKER_L: look.
SPEAKER_R: uh it's very elegant, it has all the colors, rainbow colors, park is basically the end book and it's exhausted. Uh and I would think that and I come from India basically just just for conversation and peacocks are considered like that. They're everywhere, basically, peacocks are everywhere. It's a it's a national board of in the ice and I grew up of all the time. It's just fascinating. They are like very elegant, very graceful, beautiful display of color. They don't I mean they are harmless, they mind their business and they're, you know, they're in their own like uh in there, you know, oh, no own world basically. So I love peak off. So I would say pick up with my answer, how about you? What would you be, What
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: answer,
SPEAKER_R: you be?
SPEAKER_L: my answer would be what kind of animal does Well you're no I'm saying my answer which is literally what what kind of animal does does well, at this company. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I was I've never actually had anyone asked me that in the interview, so um
SPEAKER_R: there was one interview question, I found it very interesting, you know, the uh potholes outwards the on the street, they have those uh huh where the water
SPEAKER_L: ma'am. Manholes manhole
SPEAKER_R: manholes?
SPEAKER_L: covers, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and the question was, why are the manholes are always where Vienna
SPEAKER_L: Around
SPEAKER_R: for simple? Right,
SPEAKER_L: No. Why are they running? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Why, why, why isn't it be around? And when it's always I mean that
SPEAKER_L: Wait.
SPEAKER_R: question does not have any rights then right or wrong answer, because you can you can come up with any number of reasons and all can be justified, you know? So, so some, some people are kind of like just pick you and just kind of like uh you know, full for part, like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: Sir,
SPEAKER_R: what was the reason for that question? Is it relevant to the
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: job or is this the icebreaker type of question or what was it? But I have heard about that question in a job interview.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I'll be honest, I don't I'm not big on any kind of company that does does those kind of questions because I'm like like if this is how you're determining who works here, then I'm probably not interested. Yeah anybody. Anyone who's like how many how many manhole covers are there in New york city? Well, you know, you know obviously they're not looking for a right or wrong answer, they're just looking for your thought process. But I don't know, I Mhm. I think you I think those are kind of more, you know, any kind of like questions like that or something that you probably more experienced in the beginning of your career. Whereas, like now I like I prepare for very technical questions as well as well as behavioral fit questions, but I don't I don't prepare for brain teaser questions because I honestly, like, at
SPEAKER_R: You look
SPEAKER_L: the end
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: of the day, I'm like, look, they're obnoxious questions and I'm like, look, if that's literally who you're looking for, I don't want to I don't want to slow you down, finding that kind of person, so uh
SPEAKER_R: No. And and in my, in my opinion, these type of questions, you can't be prepared. You just
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: can't be where
SPEAKER_L: You can
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: is no.
SPEAKER_L: well, you can like anything else you can definitely train. You can definitely train for those kind of questions because there's it's a skill to them, and you can go online and you can learn every single one of these questions, just lists of them. You can learn all these different things to me. Look, the person who came up with, the person who's asking me the question, they got it from a list. You can go work through all of these. You can. And so basically like people who like one case in point like I have a business background. But um, so when one is called the management consulting interview and management consulting, the videos will typically do with our interviews will typically do, it's called a market sizing question. Or they'll basically ask you how many shoes get sold in the United States every year. And and you will produce a great answer because you will have trained for months on how to answer anything under the sun, how many golf ball's gonna put in a 7 47 you know, all those kind of questions. But anyway, the good news is this is not an interview, this is just filling time for 25 minutes and you only got two more minutes left to go. So anyway,
SPEAKER_R: I hope, I hope I got the job though.
SPEAKER_L: you definitely like, hey, you know how
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: you got the job? You should showed up today on time? That's how you get the
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: job. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you are.
SPEAKER_R: I, I will say that great minds think alike because we are wearing the same color. So you
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: we? I can't see your shirts.
SPEAKER_R: oh, I'm referring the ran also like, like you do
SPEAKER_L: I just take your word for because I can't see it. But um Oh yeah, there you go.
SPEAKER_R: that mhm
SPEAKER_L: That's what are the odds? I guess the odds are maybe one in a right. So anyway, I hope you have a very good, well you still got, you still got to do at least 15 minutes on the questionnaire, but thanks. Yeah, about 15 minutes in a questionnaire. So, uh but all in all, we have a really good day and it really awesome. Walk with your daughter 75 degrees is pretty awesome. I'm trying to see what we got down here in Houston. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh Houston, I have a lot of friends in Houston. It's a
SPEAKER_L: Nine,
SPEAKER_R: it's a
SPEAKER_L: sorry. It's 90 today because it's obviously the fall.
SPEAKER_R: 91 wild.
SPEAKER_L: David.
SPEAKER_R: That's like july here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, this is our this is our yeah, honestly, until november. It's just not even it's not great, so,
SPEAKER_R: I'll take it any day because I come from a tropical country. I grew up with warm, hot weather all the time when I first came to this country. That's when I first saw the snow and I enjoyed it for the first, say, 10 years after that. I don't want to deal with it. I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: don't want to drive out, I don't want to do anything that uh but I will take one whether over any time, so,
SPEAKER_L: right. All right, well, that's great. That's actually 25 minutes to to the dot on the timer. So, I hope you have good luck with your assessment of the conversation and I'll do the same. And then again, you can definitely do more than one of these. Um So, it's just getting somebody else to show up on time is the tricky part, so,
SPEAKER_R: yep. And it was nice chatting with you, um, enjoy your day as well, happen again
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You, too. All right. Thank you.