Oh, how are you?
Yes, it's exactly four o'clock and I think that's that's what our time begins.
No, no, this is my first time.
Have you
done this before?
What are we talking about? I
have.
Okay, so, I mean, it looks like it seems like a training, you know, like at work, you sign up for a training and there are different people from different areas show up and you kind of pair arab it with another person and
kind of like, it seems that way for me at least. Um but let me begin with introducing myself, my name is deeper. I'm and I live over in uh new york post and uh basically,
I mean just raising my daughter and family and work and whatever goes along with that, you know, the good thing, good stuff and the bad stuff, you know, just,
it's been a couple of months I found out about prolific accidentally on
one of the best all are living gig economy. It's, everybody has some side gig, do something. Um, but I have a very uh, you know, limited free time, seemed like an interesting way to, you know, share my opinions and had research and a lot of good schools are on, on it. My daughter is a college
student and uh I thought like this is a great opportunity for me to voice my opinion, share my ideas and, and I'm curious by nature, I like your new things and kind of, you know, keep my uh brain cells moving. Um,
yes, some, I felt that like somebody, you know in a sense that the questions repeat itself in this study. Uh, and I mean like the other day I was doing 11 study and I thought that I just, I just answer this question, why is this question again? Did I like hit the back? But I don't know like why am I like, you know, but
how long have you been uh doing these studies on? Probably feel
I have returned quite a few. Uh and that's because of the uh computer work says tablet that I'm not always I'm on the computer, I have like ipad sitting and I
typically take it on those and then they say like this is that the study is not uh this uh technology is not supported by the study that basically written it because I just can't progress.
But
uh I did
that too and that was like okay, I mean the the answers were like store like structure so you can figure it out. I mean it's not a real
courtroom.
Got
some
good ideas. Yeah.
I mean uh oftentimes you don't even know what you're going to get, but
that's a good idea to have like some standard answers save somewhere on you. Yeah.
So how is the covid situation in your part of the uh
area?
This is how I think because new york like I said I'm from new york and new york was one of the hardest hit and it was it was really scary a week ago. I kind of like don't watch the news but I know that covid is a real thing and it's a real so try to take like you know basic precautions and whatever they have put it out on C. D. C. And on the channel and basically as far as working is concerned we are all telling working um
but we are not out there. Um And I just cautions I want to.
Yeah
that's all here on this side of the uh mr and it they're getting into the fall and the winter season. Blue sharks and outer also like let's let's uh set up appointment for the flu shots at least you know, you can take care of that.
Other than that life is kind of like almost at a standstill this year was like a car in a history. I never ever saw this my entire life and you know, I don't think I will ever be, I will ever experienced this, but who knows? You know.
Absolutely. And we just had like some days ago be like a big storm came, I mean that that storm just came out of nowhere. It lasted for like about 20 minutes. And I have like a lot of woods in the back a couple of trees just came down and there was like no electricity and power went off for a lot of people, like almost a year and a half, I lost the internet connection for entire day until like last night. I wasn't sure that I'm going to able to like you know uh do this, but this was actually yesterday afternoon, it came again, I lost it at night and then this whole morning it is it is going well, but 20 minutes storm just you know, disrupted everything colour still uh still don't have power. So you know, trees are down
and those are
slow.
Yeah, I mean think a mop and people just forget or they just don't want to do it. I mean any number of reasons I picked it up on the weekends. I said like I don't
want to get
this in too much. Oh you
know what big days? So I just picked up like you saturday sunday and I believe what I think and they also, and then I got an email saying that four o'clock is your time as a great, I mean I can do that and it's a beautiful day here, 75 days and I was telling my daughter that as soon as we're done in there, uh we are going to so for a nice walk in the woods and just call it today with Oh no, you
know.
mean, I since I didn't have any script or any topic, I thought it's going to be the small talk and that is what it is. Looks like.
It's a small talk I'll be a part of
I
know.
since there was no script, no topic. I said I can, I can just, as long as it's not a job interview and it's not a word
presentation, I'm good with that, you know
like
I have an answer for that. I think I will, I've overtopping cock. I would go with the board chalkboard because it's beautiful. Uh it has
uh it's very elegant, it has all the colors, rainbow colors, park is basically the end book and it's exhausted. Uh and I would think that and I come from India basically just just for conversation and peacocks are considered like that. They're everywhere, basically, peacocks are everywhere. It's a it's a national board of in the ice and I grew up of all the time. It's just fascinating. They are like very elegant, very graceful, beautiful display of color. They don't I mean they are harmless, they mind their business and they're, you know, they're in their own like uh in there, you know, oh, no own world basically. So I love peak off. So I would say pick up with my answer, how about you? What would you be, What
would
you be?
Okay,
there was one interview question, I found it very interesting, you know, the uh potholes outwards the on the street, they have those uh huh where the water
manholes?
and the question was, why are the manholes are always where Vienna
for simple? Right,
Why, why, why isn't it be around? And when it's always I mean that
question does not have any rights then right or wrong answer, because you can you can come up with any number of reasons and all can be justified, you know? So, so some, some people are kind of like just pick you and just kind of like uh you know, full for part, like, okay,
what was the reason for that question? Is it relevant to the
job or is this the icebreaker type of question or what was it? But I have heard about that question in a job interview.
You look
up.
No. And and in my, in my opinion, these type of questions, you can't be prepared. You just
can't be where
there
is no.
I hope, I hope I got the job though.
Fine.
No,
and
I, I will say that great minds think alike because we are wearing the same color. So you
know,
oh, I'm referring the ran also like, like you do
that mhm
Oh Houston, I have a lot of friends in Houston. It's a
it's a
91 wild.
That's like july here.
I'll take it any day because I come from a tropical country. I grew up with warm, hot weather all the time when I first came to this country. That's when I first saw the snow and I enjoyed it for the first, say, 10 years after that. I don't want to deal with it. I
don't want to drive out, I don't want to do anything that uh but I will take one whether over any time, so,
yep. And it was nice chatting with you, um, enjoy your day as well, happen again