Yeah basically since I got here Actually. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Something. Yeah. Mhm. And he's not like I know shit it's so much more slow down. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. My homophone aspirants? Okay. Mhm. Parents but Mexico. Mhm. Uh huh. All right. Yes. Okay. Hello?
hi I'm cool.
I'm in California.
Oh very fun.
Uh
No
I said that's just all my sisters music books. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh very fun.
Hopefully I will be moving back to college by the end of the month but it depends on how quarantine goes.
U. C. Berkeley.
That's where my sister went to school.
Um Chemical engineering.
that's
what my other sister does. She's a horticulturalist.
I don't know.
Yeah I came in as environmental economics and policy and then I was like oh I'll do spanish and social welfare and now I just don't know.
Uh huh.
Yeah I'm gonna be a sophomore.
Yeah.
Um I don't know. It's not what I expected, they advertise it as like very diverse and like liberal and stuff and then I got there is very white campus and like a lot of low key racist people. So one
culture
come
and speak
and that was terrifying because they had cops all over campus and they were like pointing rifles at us so.
Yeah. I don't know because I like the place I live now is very hispanic is like down near L. A. More. And I got there I was like why there's no brown people here like what it's the like Diversity whatever percentage is. I think they said it was 2.5% of the whole school population is black even though our campuses like 10 minutes from Oakland. It's crazy. Oh.
cruel.
I don't know. It's still fun though, like it is fun and stuff.
I don't know. Yeah, I mean,
but
uh go like roller skating, um I do a lot of sewing.
I do not know how to knit at all for the life of me.
else go to like clubs before quarantine happens, go dancing anymore.
And
and
I've been watching shows and stuff, I'm like, they're not wearing a mask and I'm like years ago.
man.
I used to watch this all the time on like investigation discovery, I watch it, like who did I marry? And like, I almost got away with it and stuff.
I have two older sisters and two younger sisters and a younger brother.
and
Yeah.
yep.
This is
definitely the catholic vibe. That's what everyone asks like the first question is, are you mormon? And then I'm like, wait, are you catholic then?
Mhm.
That's what it's on my mom's side. All of her siblings married someone that isn't catholic, so like their mom is like not a fan of anyone on that side of the family. Mhm.
Uh huh.
Look all right.
What?
Oh my goodness. I think it was ST cecilia. I don't know, that was like four years ago. I don't remember.
I grew up like down south next L. A. That's where I am right now,
woman.
Yeah. There's I don't know. There's a lot of stations around here is point Magoo uh enemy uh Call us out those there's a lot
military.
Oh yeah,
there's a lot of airports stations,
Mhm Oh God, accidentally stabbed my thumb with a sewing needle,
um sewing masks.
Do I haven't finished on somewhere. Here's one that I just need to put the rubber bands on the sides.
Yeah, that's what my sister was making and I was like those ones just not as comfortable for me.
Yeah, I was just like making them for like whoever needed them because a lot of my mom's a teacher, so a lot of her like co workers needed them for classrooms coming up when school starts.
supposedly they keep going back and forth, they said there's definitely going to be an online option if you don't want to come in, but they're still like, oh we might have campus classes, we might not
and
no.
thank
you.
I
want to know.
That's how it was like in the beginning in Berkeley too, there was like nobody out and I was like okay I can like walk to work without wearing and then like as time went just more and more people started like breaking the quarantine rules like guys please,
Yeah.
Actually like completely quarantining alone in my room right now because my friend got tested positive that was at her house the day before she got the test.
So I had to get tested a couple days ago and I'm like waiting for the results and they're like we don't know how long it's gonna take, it's very backlogged, it could be like two weeks.
it feels so
weird like it was like in my ears it went so far back in your sinus. Yeah
mm
Yeah and then you want to have to worry. Yeah
that's kind of I don't know I don't know if I wanted to end up positive or negative, I just want to be able to keep going with life
just my siblings of and like coming into the door and being like here you go, like my sister that I share a room with is like sleeping on the couch,
I
we were all in one room when we were really little, all six of us, we just had triple bunk beds right next to each other.
interesting.
guess that kind of works out then.
Oh that's fun.
no
it's
fun. All that Berkeley are like these big mansions from like 100 years ago and they just like split it up into apartments, it's so good like all these weird like round shaped rooms and stuff.
The
only thing is there so many stairs like I was moving into my apartment last semester and you had to upstairs to get into the building and then downstairs to get to my apartment and then like through the door and then down another set of stairs like carrying all these things up and down stairs
Somewhere
you want
it.
Yeah it was very difficult moving furniture in and out.
What?
Yeah my friends were like trying to move a couch and I was like I'm gonna let you guys do that, I'm not too invested in getting this in
and
No.
Yeah my sister, the one that went to michigan, she took a year to go work in boston and now she's moving back to like finish her senior year but she is the only way to move her stuff back is to drive. So she's doing a 14 hour drive from boston back to michigan and she's like oh I might just do two trips, I'm like just sell your stuff at that point I Drive for like 14 hours there and back and there again.
Yeah I was like so you just buy a new one, it's not worth it.
Yeah that's what she was saying, she was like it would be four hours shorter but Canada is closed. Mhm.
Two
Yeah. I mean that makes sense though especially like with spring break and stuff I feel like a lot of people would be trying to go down to like cabo summer.
No.
Yeah. I don't know. He always like Makes jokes about it. I mean now that he's 17 now so he's kind of like done being annoyed by it, but he was definitely always like dang, I wish I had a brother. Usually had like cousins or people living with us when we were little and it was always males. So like there'd be like nine girls in the house and then him and my dad.
that's yeah, that's everything my dad always said because he had 10 siblings, like five half siblings and then five, his mom and dad sim please like his kids. But he's always telling like these crazy stories like we set soccer balls on fire and like played in the alley. I'm like, what would you do? Are
there like
a bed of nails and would like put it at the end of the slide and slide onto it and like, okay.
Yeah, you can't get it removed or something.
Oh my God, that would annoy me so much, I'd be so grossed out.
The r
no,
Oh my goodness, I can't even like think about that, I would be like touching it all the time, I would feel so weird.
Yeah. Oh yeah, the doctor was like, oh yeah, you can just get it right here because I have a tattoo on my arm, I was like no, it's going to go through the tattoo, I just got like
How
yeah. Oh my God, I saw like the grossest videos. Some guy that was like in a motorcycle accident and he's off a layer of his skin, but it was directly on a tattoo and you could see like all the ink super bright underneath, It was really weird, painted everywhere else, and then where his skin had gotten scraped off, he was like bright blue.
Oh my God, it's so crazy. Everyone in Berkeley and san Francisco's like terrible drivers because these hills and stuff like one way streets and everything, so like ride motorcycles, but it looks like so dangerous. I would, I would be so scared to drive a motorcycle. Get hit by somebody. Yeah.
hearing to like run over a turtle.
The
Yeah. That's crazy. You think they would like, would like a bridge or something for them?
The real Yeah.
Oh, and they just don't know how to use it. Yeah.
Yes. Mm.
and
no.
That's kind of how the roads are here too. And some, because I'm like, oh funds, like I'm going off roading. Mhm
all the time. They're so obnoxious with them.
Hoverboards and segues like anything you can think of. They have, they have like these really weird ones. It's like a Eunice Cycle kind of and it's like a, just a single tire and you stand like there's a footstep on either side. I don't
It's so weird. But like everyone will just like be writing those around or like electric skateboards to a lot of people have those.
so like if you're going uphill, you can like turn it on and I'll just like go for you.
Yeah. And we have like an open campus, like completely open to the city and everything. So it's just a lot of crazy people just walking around things.
There's one guy that like dresses up as a dragon, like he has like this little cardboard things that he tapes onto his sweater and he just stands in the middle of like the quad and dances. There's no music. It's just this old man just sets a dinosaur, like I don't even know what's supposed to be. Mhm. It was a guy that's like, he's young too. That's what confused me because the other people I'm like, Okay, they're probably homeless. I get why they're here all the time. The guy looks like he's like 28. He just stands there hula hooping for hours. I was like, okay. And I'll see like all over the city, like he'll just be walking around with a hula hoop on like using
it. I don't know how he does it.
Yeah.
I mean halls are disgusting. I don't know why they're so bad, but they're like famously bad for being like the worst. You see dining hall out of any of the schools they
have,
like, yeah, because freshman year you're like required to stay in the dorms and then with the like meal plan, so I just ate all the time, but it's like just all, I don't know how they messed it up so bad because like they had fresh food, they used like fresh potatoes and whatever, but it just tasted like, like it was all like instant packaged food.
I have not, but a lot of spilt piles of food, Animal.
no.
Well
I mean they have, somebody made an instagram page, that's just people like sending in pictures of how gross the food is and like we just share images of like the disgusting food they serve. Oh my God, for like christmas, they were like, oh we're gonna have like this big meal and they had like shrimp and I was like, I'm not touching that, I don't trust them to cook shrimp. And then the next day so many people were throwing up. I was like, what do you eat that?
Yeah.
I guess if you're that dedicated, go for it.
I have three of them picked out because they only let you pick like a couple at a time. So everyone gets kind of a fair chance because they are not very fast, but I'm taking a Spanish 25 Rhetoric and Psychology.
I think those are for each. So yeah, one more class.
Our school is weird because most other places it's like 12 units is considered full time, but for some reason I was just 13, But it's so difficult to get precisely 13 because they're usually like four or 3. Yeah, It doesn't add up to 13 ever.
Yeah, so I usually end up with like 15.
Um I worked at an ice cream shop and then I was also a tutor for a high school.
No, I would I would take ice cream from there every day.
All
Mhm. That's fair. I think I would get tired of popcorn, Super movie theater.
Very oily.
Mhm.
I don't know. It's like sad but also like good I'm saving money because they're like concerts and things I was planning to go to and like I got my tickets refunded which is good because I have money but all
Harry Styles and What was the other 1? Hayley Kiyoko?
Ukyo ku um She was also on Disney channel and stuff for like a minute. Just does like pop music and stuff.
she was in a lemonade mouth.
It was like a random one that did not get very famous. It was kind of bad.
Yes.
Oh
my God, my dad, uh my little sisters wanted to have like Disney plus or whatever it is, the streaming. So they got it and they were going through, they have all the old Disney channel movies, they have like the color of friendship and stuff
items.
yes,
my sisters have definitely watch that a couple of times.
Mhm
it is.
Uh yeah, it's 1:30 here.
All
Yes. Thank you. You too. Unmoving.
I
guess there's no end button anywhere.
No.