Hello. Hi, let me just go to the next page real quick. Hi, I'm Trina.
Hi honey, where are you?
Central michigan? So
yep, yep. So and let's see I've got the cat next to me over here. Yeah, Yeah
and then two dogs on the floor. So now are you in a dorm or just have so
many books?
Gotcha. Uh huh,
yep I'm in my house, I'm here for two more weeks and then my husband and I are moving across town so
kind of a doesn't.
Now where are you a student?
Okay. I actually work at michigan state University, so
no way. What did she study?
Okay, yep, yep. We do have a good engineering program, I'm a plant breeder, so I'm like way on the opposite
end of that.
Oh no, I don't meet too many of the people in Ag that's cool. Now what's your major?
No, I changed my mind like three times, so
I mean that's fair. I briefly tried to go to med school, so yeah,
so that you're going to go into your sophomore junior year?
Okay. Yeah, so you have plenty of time, so yeah,
so so how is Berkeley?
I thought there's
more of those,
the number,
so go ahead.
Ooh, yeah, yeah, so no, I find there's more like low key racist people the longer you look and it's it's all
no, my department, we've been kind of like tackling that whole thing because agriculture is like very white and very male uh you know, and so I've been on like diversity committees with like my white cells from the suburbs, like we can do better,
but yeah, wow.
Mhm. So so what are college kids into these days? I'm 30, so
walk
me through a weekend for you where you don't have too much homework and you've got time to do what you want to do
Oh no way. I'm actually I am leaving a blanket right now so
Okay okay but so it is cool. Mhm.
Okay. Right right. Do
you move into this where like I've been watching tv and people are like going to restaurants and touching each other and it just feels
wrong now. Yeah.
uh well my husband's gone this weekend um he went up to family cabin up north with two
so of course I started watching unsolved mysteries by myself but not only are they like not wearing mask but then yesterday I was like you know double checking that all the doors are locked before I went upstairs.
yeah yeah which normally I wouldn't think to watch but I'm like I'm home alone and it's dark out mystery why. Yeah. So What do you do? So you have two sisters?
Oh my goodness. No, that's
so that's what sticks of you. Okay,
I'm I'm one of three, but grew up with another 2-4 foster kids Catholics. Um
So it's
stupid.
Yes. Yes. Mormons are Catholics. Yes,
so Oh yeah, but but actually my husband is some sort of like nondenominational protestant, which was like a whole thing with my parents when we got married, so.
Well my my parents have come around, they were like, what do you mean you're getting married outside, so yes.
All
then blast from the past. Who was your
confirmation saint?
I was like 15 years ago. Um Let's see, I did Saint Anastasia one of the early christian martyrs only because she's one of those were like, she was maybe around at this time and then she was eaten by lions. So my book report with Wall short. Oh, thinking, yeah, so, so yeah, so now you're wearing callup, So you go to school in Berkeley, where do you, do you live in California? Like your parents?
Okay. My brother was stationed just outside of L. A. A couple of years ago,
so
Mhm. I forget which one he's
in the Air Force. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yes, so I came out here exactly one time because he fell off his bicycle and broke his collarbone, so he needed me to come out with forgery. So really, all I remember is like the inside of a hospital and then I drove him home. Oh trip, so. Mhm. Yeah.
Oh no. What are you working on,
yep. Yeah, I made a whole stack of, so can I see?
Oh, that's nice. Yeah, so I'm not the one who put this surgical mask, like folds, which I'm kind of regretting because when I put them on without ironing and one of the folds wants to be like in my mouth.
No, no. So what? Yeah, although honestly, I have a whole stack, but I'm not really going anywhere, so I've like, I wear them to like groceries put in the car and that's kind of it, so
Uh huh, That's nice of you. So how is Berkeley supposed to be doing classes on campus?
Yeah, that's where we are. We're supposed to accept that a bunch of our college students didn't actually go home and we made national news, there's like 150 new cases from a bar
in east Lansing.
Yeah, I know. Um so if we keep doing that, you know, we'll see. But
I don't
know, it's been kind of nice because I've gone into work about one day a week and like I can park wherever I want and there's
no
but Yeah. Yeah.
All right. Well I I saw and then I just turned off like I saw some pictures from that Mount Rushmore thing and like fourth of like beaches and it's like you guys. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
More.
Oh goodness. So the test, is that that big long q tip of your nose?
come on that.
Yeah.
Oh gosh. Yeah, because I donated blood and actually the red cross like really jacked up my arm. But I've got an antibody test and I was negative. Which is like good because I've been staying indoors but bad because it's like well I wanted to be a symptomatic and now I've had it and you know.
so
Yes. Yes. So your your parents bringing you food on a tray then?
Oh gosh. No. Oh
yeah actually I remember that we had in my room growing up we had two sets of bunk beds because we had a girl's room in a boy's room, so.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, well I grew up in like a big old farmhouse, so like we space, I grew up in upstate New York. Um but I guess whoever designed this farmhouse in 1850 was like we're going to have three good sized bedrooms and then two closets, so.
Yeah. Yes. Yes, so but then we use the small bedrooms as like actual closets because there were no closets. Yes.
Oh yeah, yeah, farmhouses. So it's actually kind of funny my husband and I are moving into like a 1970s house which is like
little bit, it's architecturally boring but like kind of my dream like we'll have a master bathroom and like two different living rooms and an attached garage. So pretty
excited
so
I like the older houses and like the woodwork and you know all that
stuff.
Oh gosh. Yeah my first apartment out of college, I was in a second floor of like an old house and
so like my parents
are like
fighting my mattress these like outdoor metal stairs and it's like March and it's just miserable. Yeah.
Yes I have to and then when you're in college you're moving like every
year so.
yes my my baby sister lives in D. C. And
she moved across town to a different
apartment. She's like I just left a bunch of stuff from my housemates because I couldn't take it on the subway and it wouldn't have survived the move.
Oh my gosh, no that's that's too much driving.
No. Well yeah because my parents they live eight hours away if you stay in the U. S. Which we have to now or six hours if you go through Canada. Um
that's right, so did you hear
that Mexico closed their border to us? Which I just that's the Mylan Ismael right there.
maybe they're going to build the wall and then we pay for it. I yeah so yeah I was kind of bummed that Canada because I mean it makes sense but I was going to try to get home with my parents this summer,
but So now you're one brother, how does he feel about having 74 sisters?
Yeah, Although my husband, he just has one younger brother and like the stories they tell of like growing up, his two boys, like they're surprised they both lived to adulthood, so.
No,
my
my husband has a piece of like pencil lead in his arms when his brother like stabbed him with a pencil and it broke off, like it's still there,
you probably could, but like it doesn't bother him and it's. Yeah.
Yeah, well actually
when I was When I was in my early 20's, I had the implant on like the birth control stick
us with it, it was it was no good for me, so.
yeah, yeah, although Catholics, I didn't want my mom to find a pack of birth control pills.
Oh yeah, so yeah, my one of my co workers has like a big like a fish tattoo on his forearm, because michigan um fish with guns out here sometimes, so. Oh yeah,
the north go the south, or it gets you just like your gun into the water and you can kill a fish. Uh I'm not from here. Yeah. Yeah, so, but apparently some like, I think it's like carp are invasive or something, and uh you're allowed to like hunt them and then you just like bury them in the yard, you don't eat them. Um But he's like a fish tattoo and he got it like scratched up on a piece of equipment, and he's like, if this messes it up would be so bad.
Mhm. Rule, but I mean that's what happens when you ride a motorcycle and like shorts and a T. Yeah. Oh.
Well, or out here we have a bunch of turtles on the road michigan and like you can drive over one and it'll just pop your tire, but like if you hit one on a motorcycle die. Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's, it's a real thing because we've got like a lot of like wetlands and protected swamps and stuff and they try to cross the street and
we're not supposed to pick them up and move them back because then they'll just keep trying to do it. So we're supposed to like drive around them if at all possible.
well, I've seen like tunnels
through the, but I guess they're just, there's not enough of them, so
yep, but
its mission in michigan, our roads are like famously bad, so sometimes you're like, is that
little pothole? Yeah.
Mhm. Yes, Yes. So no, the joke in michigan is that when you're driving around you'll hit a pothole bad enough that you apologize to your car. Mhm.
yeah, so Berkeley, is there a thing with, do students get like those scooters and mopeds to get around?
it's an epidemic here as well?
one wheel, I've seen those,
an electric, So is that like a skateboard with like a, like an engine on it or? Oh gosh,
okay, yeah, we have that on campus a lot that like students will get a scooter, have no idea how to drive it and then, you know, like they'll be riding on the sidewalks or
Yeah, I bet I thought, well I've heard like, so I went to school in Ithaca new york, which is like kind of a weird vibe as well, but I've heard Berkeley as you know, No.
as
he walks or I tried like several times to learn how to, at Girl Scout camp, but I could never figure it out, Oh gosh,
Oh that's that's funny, we uh I was in college a long time ago, we had a dining hall worker whose name was Happy Dave, who like to wear different costumes and stuff as you like, stand your idea to let you into the dining halls are
Have
you?
Oof, now, have you dropped your tray yet?
I did once, and I still have a very clear memory, I was wearing my room boots, walking up the stairs, dropped it through these open stairs, so some of it fell through,
it's yes, so you
know sometimes when you're falling asleep in your brain is like, hey here's embarrassing things you've done in your life. Yeah, that will fall off but Mhm.
yep. Yeah. That's a little risky. It's like um I used to work out in colorado and my one friend was like talking up this sushi restaurant, she's like let's go get sushi. I'm like no, we're in the middle of the country, I don't eat sushi here. Yeah. So
and then of course she would get sick and you know, but keep going back. I guess it was real good. So all
I guess so. Do you have your classes for the fall yet?
Okay let's get this spread. So yeah, so then you maybe take like one or two more. I'm trying to think how many credits.
okay. Yeah that's a good amount. So do you,
that's right. Find like that one credit class that needs like twice in the semester
right? So now do you work part time when you're at school or what do you do?
Okay. So do you hate ice cream now or?
okay. Well that's that's good at least. Yeah my brother
worked at a movie theater in high school and like to this day like that popcorn he just like he can't.
Oh yeah. Well I think because like he was telling me that when you make it you put like the kernels and then like a brick of like palm oil on top of it, like it's not good for you. Uh huh. But I mean it's delicious but I don't
yeah but I don't think I'm going to experience a movie theater this year, yep.
But. Oh wow.
Yeah. Who are you gonna see?
Okay. I know Harry styles from one direction, the other one.
okay. I did make, my husband watched Camp Rock with me a couple of weeks ago.
I don't know that one, no.
well, I mean Disney channel, I'm old enough that I was around for like lizzie McGuire and like Hilary Duff, yep.
Yes, the
memory.
Yes, I've heard of that one,
mm hmm. Do they have Princess protection program? Because that's a good
one. Yes,
yeah, So Oh yeah, yeah, there's there's a lot of like movies that I wouldn't think to pick, but if they're on I would watch them. Yeah, So
oh gosh, well it has been a half an hour, I think I've got
4.30. What about you?
1 30 yep,
I'm on like the end of the Eastern time zone. So well, what do you say we call it in? We'll have a good one. Good luck with quarantine and with school.
All right. But I think we just do the X out the window and
then just
I'm going to accept the window and then go back to the page and say that awesome.