not at all. 27 years. Yeah. Yeah if you mhm. Talking from the capital actually. Yeah That's supposed to be any idea for a long time. Yeah but as soon as you're you so. Yeah. Yeah of course of that. You see the whole speed attacks. Yeah. Okay these parts are forced. That's a new one. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Three months. Yeah. Yeah. From okay. Mhm. Grants. Oh. Mhm. Which will feature the battle of wills 1st sentence. Are you six? Sit down and talk it. This is the final step. Yeah. Follow. Okay. Oh my God saying hey reminded they're not. Yeah Way. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah.
Hello?
I'm good. How are you?
I'm in Missouri
you know.
All
yeah me too.
All right. I am. What? Oh
These are on three.
Yeah that's that's all I got out of it. Yeah.
it's talking about they're supposed to be a timer. I don't see a timer anywhere. Do you see it?
cooper hurt. Well what does your husband do?
It,
That's you. Oh,
I was at home all day with my two girls. Yeah. My my wife, she was out and they went out to Beloit Kansas. It's like a four hour drive from here. They had some nasty
It's
yeah. Not at all.
Uh grandma just
passed so there
real and that's where she was born. So there there.
That's pretty cool. We're adopting a cat from the humane society on Wednesday. Yeah.
But
I'll pick out met him last week and I'm going to pick him up Wednesday, mm
kitten have a two year old cat and then a nine year old cat and I can't really stand the two year old. So we thought we'd get a younger cat for the the youngest, have someone to play with. What?
Yeah. We did a foster once we have three kittens and we ended up with one keeping it. Yeah. I fought failures and yes.
Oh
two dogs and two cats right now one of our cats as the stinks. So it's Carolyn,
she's she's the older one and doesn't like to play, she's kind of a grumpy old girls.
My wife is registered vet tech and she lived in Arizona for a while for like an I'm ed place for animals and somebody brought this cat in um and had some eye issues and was going to cost quite a bit and the lady had her couldn't pay it and she said that she would give it to my wife and she would take care of it. So um
It's full but sometimes our house is just overrun with animals. Yeah.
that sort of things usually is to
Well
we have a heating pad underneath, like a little cat house that the sphinx is always in. Mm. You don't really leave that spot at all. Uh huh.
She only leave to go to the bathroom or eat.
I
don't
know.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm a I'm a teacher so our teach pE at an elementary school. Yes.
Be interesting.
How'd you get over that?
Just one kid
William.
No.
Yeah two girls a seven year old and one is getting ready to turn to in february. So
yeah and they're being a teacher. I have you know the same breaks off as they do so
with them a lot over those breaks and sometimes we drive each other crazy.
another were fun. They rule my life. That's for sure. One of I wish I would have had a boy but I think to was like so I think we're done.
we'll
get more right here.
Shit.
All
Did you get a new Star Wars movie?
I I saw it was it was good. It was better than the last one that they had done but it was a little silly at the end.
Yeah that's right.
New rope.
Um Some I'm
not like a huge sci fi person but I mean up out there.
yeah we're the new season.
What? Yeah.
What
else you
want?
What else do you watch on netflix or whatever?
Diesel.
Well
huh.
It's not that
that's
just you.
I'm yeah.
We
you just finished
up
lost in space. I really really like that. We're trying to figure out what our next is going to be when you are. We've also just rewatched all the office. So this
was
an
order.
I was it was it was a great show. Oh what else have we watched recently? The you have the amazon prime
Elias, have you ever watched that billy bob thornton as like this drunk lawyer
person?
Yeah, he was great in it and we just finished that one up
not too long ago.
Let's go here.
that's
it.
We're just going or have any cable either.
mhm
Go anywhere for this summer. Any storm opponents.
Well
I think we're going to go to colorado
our kids camping but yeah. But yeah, that's the only thing we really have plans.
Um There is, it was I think it was called Salida. We we were down there it was two summers ago we really like that spot. Good mountain biking around there and good put bikes so we
like it. Yeah.
we we took our kids to Fort Myers florida last because our oldest has been want to see a beach for so long
so I really do that and it was perfect for because she really loves shells and then santa Bell island down there is better like shelling
beaches that
you can
do. Okay so she was just running around finding all sorts of shelves and stuff.
No
or
I'd rather be in the mountains in the beach though.
can can be depending on where you are.
in the same area my entire life so
mm I went, I went to school out in California for I think I was out there for four years, but I came back home.
I mean where I was, it wasn't too different. I mean just the climate everything was, but just the feel of the town, it didn't feel any different than from home.
Yeah. Oh yeah, it wasn't super expensive. But we I was northern California, You're like a really big city like san Francisco or anything like that where it's super expensive. Well,
little bit, yeah.
Well too crowded.
Foster is there now?
Those cats are always the craziest too.
We
had
one of our fosters that we ended up keeping, he was bottle fed. We think he was like mom was feral or whatever because they just found it out in the woods. But we ended up taking him in and he and I don't know if it's from bottle feeding or what, but he had an obsession with that like rubber from the bottom of the bottle. So if he could ever find anything in our house that was like that he would chew it but he would swallow.
So he got so much stuff just lodged in his intestines. We had to get him cleaned out and yours as well four times. And this was when we had our baby. So of course there's pacifiers and all that stuff now.
Super careful with all of it. He ended up sneaking in one day behind my wife as she was leaving our baby's room and he found a pacifier chewed up and it got stuck and we couldn't get it out. So we had we had them down which like was it sucks because that was mike. And uh we could have got him cleaned out the way he is or was with all that stuff we knew you would just sneak back into a room and find
something because
yeah, order. We think there was also getting he was getting some kind of like a foreign body illness thing from all that stuff being in there for so long.
anyways even without any of that stuff. But yeah, he was a dummy.
we are.
You're
he he loved just fight anything and he just had a hit a nose for it was weird. There was.
What are your cats names?
quite
Why?
But
if.
That's right.
Yeah. Let's work.
Thanks.
Roy
it
was near.
All right.
out. Thank