Yes.
Hello?
Hey, it's working. Um Hi, how are you?
Not too bad, not too bad. Where are you?
Okay, me too.
Yeah. I wonder if they matched by locations. I'm in
close to Kansas city.
Yeah. Okay. Okay, so that's kind of funny. So you get ready to watch football today?
I don't, I don't even know what time the game is. Yeah.
three. Yeah. My husband had to work today so he doesn't get to watch it. So or not scheduling the day around it. Yeah. Oh, so they didn't give us any other guidelines other than have a conversation. Right? So
Kind of interesting. Well, okay.
no, I don't I don't I don't know if there is on the other tab or ah yeah, there's a timer on the other tab, but It's counting down from two minutes, so I don't know what that, no, it's going up so. Yeah. Okay, there's one on the other thing counting up. Okay.
Uh he works for um he works in a call center for an insurance company, so seven days a week, even holidays they're open. So as you
usually as days off for friday saturday, which is fine except for football season. So he's more of a baseball fan than a football guy anyway, so.
do you have any trouble in the weather yesterday? Any?
I'm back. I'm bad.
I'm not a good day for it. So
anything interesting in Beloit? I don't think I've ever been through there, except maybe rescue.
I don't
I'm sorry.
So. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I uh I drive a lot. Um for I work in a volunteer and animal rescue, so I've been out, you know, touching dogs and all kinds of weather and transporting, but this might keep my shirt as Casey pet project. I used to volunteer for them, So. All right.
So
you have the cat all picked out and everything?
Or full grown
Yeah, that is very helpful. They appreciate that. So a lot of cats are kind of what we do most of the time. We usually foster. So I usually have kittens here. I have three adult cats here for a rescue and their foster I foster for a rescue and Shawnee right now. But yeah, so cats are awesome. We have a house full of them.
Exactly. Foster failure. That's what happened. So we do a lot of that too when we got a few that stuck around and quite a few they got placed. So we had a litter that just got the last one went home New Year's Eve. So it was a good timing for them. Yeah,
that's good. Do you have any dogs too or just cats?
Really? Oh that's awesome. Uh
Yeah. Oh, that's cool. That's cool. Where did you get her from a breeder or just find her somewhere?
awesome, wow, wow. So great line of work for her to be in. So we love animals and I often wish I'd have, you know, done training for something like that and said, but cool, cool.
I totally understand that. So yeah, I got two of them wrestling right over here and probably one laying on the here event right now because it's cold, you know?
Yeah. Poor thing. I have a I have a pit bull, she's probably pit boxer mix but that's super super short for and no body
fat whatsoever and she hates this weather. So she wears a coat all winter long and doesn't want to go outside. Yeah.
it's funny. Huh?
Yeah, it was nice to be a cat and just sort
of
do what
you want to do in life, just chill. Uh
Oh yeah. Do you do you work, what kind of work do you do?
I teach adults, um, I teach english as a foreign language through one of the online companies, so, so I teach people all across europe and Asia. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is, it is, it's interesting to talk to people and uh, yeah, you know, hear other perspectives and news stories from other parts of the world and yeah, how
Um, well I've been doing it for 12 years now and uh, I was just, I was looking for work, um, I actually used to work for Sprint like half of Kansas city and uh got laid off from there and stayed home with I have a son with autism, so stayed home with him for a while but you know hard to make it on one income and somebody referred me to them and they just you know their qualifications where they wanted someone with at least a bachelor's degree and they wanted people with some business experience because we're talking to usually corporate executives and so people who understand and my degree's actually economics and you know worked for Sprint and some other companies for a few years. So. So yeah I got started with them and 12 years now. It's kind of crazy how long it has been but but it's pretty cool. Huh wow.
I have three actually. Um oldest is 28 did not live at home. Um
All boys. Uh Second one is 25. He's my son with autism and he's still at home and then I have a 14 year old also.
So yeah. So you said you have girls?
Oh boy. Yeah. So you have them when there's still a lot of work,
so. Yeah.
Yeah. Too much togetherness. I can understand that. Uh It's okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Two was good. There's there's 11 years between our second or third. So yeah, kind of like starting over again. But I think it keeps us younger so so because yeah,
as I'm.
Right. Yeah, it happens, it happens so. Right. Uh But no, it's good. It's good. Kids are fun. Kids keep life interesting. Huh? Oh.
Oh gosh. So well um what else is there to talk about? Kind of funny I guess. You know I do this I try to unit getting my english students. I have to get them to really talk and
you know illicit conversation and so but you know the usual things you talk about family, talk about work. You talk about you know all of that. Uh. Uh huh. Uh huh.
I did not. My husband and my youngest son went and saw it though but I think I'm I think I'm too movies behind actually so I like them. I just don't like movie theaters. I don't like the noise and the lights. It always gives me a headache. And uh somebody said that some people were complaining that the new one is making a lot of people feel like nauseated and and stuff just from all the lights or something. So like you know when it's uh when I watch it at home I will. Yeah. Do you see it? Did you like it?
How is it? Yeah
and yeah it seems like I know they get kind of formulaic and they just sort of follow along and it's the same story just told a little bit differently or throw in new characters and.
Yeah. Yeah, I like things are a little more creative than that, so Yeah. Do you watch do you like sci fi in general?
So?
Yeah. Okay. We were really enjoying the new Lost in Space and series on netflix. Yeah.
Yeah. So my youngest son and I've already watched the whole thing but we started re watching it with my husband yesterday so it's like he's like you watched it without me and I'm like it's okay, it's good enough we'll go through it again so yeah,
it's not so bad. No so
but
like those
kind of things. Yeah, I'm sorry.
Gosh. Um we watched like some of the between netflix and hello? You know we watch other sci fi stuff um on cbs we've been watching that show evil. So
that's kind of it's a little paranormal but it's sort of from a religious point of view and you know demons and all of that stuff. So so when it's actually kind of good, although the first episode they came back with this month was really strange the
whole time. Like what is going on here? It's like the whole thing is like a fever dream or something. But then it all turns out it's real and like okay
so so that was kind of strange but and we watch we watch some of the paranormal shows, you know some of the ghost hunters type things and stuff like that because they're funny, you know fun and funny at the same time. Well. And uh we've been watching drunk history also
that's
like
14 old enough I guess and
it really is some good interesting, you know history topics that come up and things so so yeah we do that kind of silly. So so what about you, what kind of programs
you enjoy or
picked
up on?
realize
seen
bits
and pieces. Yeah. Yeah. So
yep. Yeah, I got that too.
I
have yeah okay I remember seeing previews for it but I didn't watch the show so I like him though. He's usually pretty good.
Thanks
to. Yeah. So
yeah we don't we don't do cable, we just have we have amazon hulu um netflix and I have that cbs all access to. Um I got it for uh for the new star trek thing. Yeah so and then found enough shows that was worth keeping it afterwards. So it's
like having
all of those and then not paying for cable tv kind of kind of works out so. Yeah.
Yeah so T. V. Is really changing. You know the way things are structured is changing and what you need is changing and and uh you know the way things are even shared is changing the traditional you know television season isn't the same thing anymore. Huh? Kind of funny. Mm hmm.
Oh
You know I really don't know I I really don't know. I'd like to I'd like to get out. We like to go my youngest son and I like to go camping. My husband doesn't like it so much but
we go camping a lot. So so many great state parks around here and and that's uh getting out fresh air and yeah, that's how about you making travel plans for the summer?
How perfect.
Yeah. What part of colorado do you like?
So
I love colorado. So before I met him and my husband, I've been married for Through no 31 years this year. Yeah, a long time. But right before you met me, before he came back to Missouri, he was stationed, he was in the air force and he was stationed in Cheyenne Mountain, so he lived in Colorado Springs for five or six years and worked in Cheyenne Mountain. So I back then, so we've been out there like to visit friends of his a couple times and and just to you know, just enjoy the States, just beautiful. I think I'd love to live there. Yeah.
my
you know,
there's
just
neat, neat I think is
that I've ever, Ash has even seen my youngest if he's even seen the ocean. Um Yeah, well we went to new york a few years ago and
uh so yeah, looking out from new york into the ocean, but other than that I've never taken him to a beach. My oldest to have, we've been to Orlando, but I've only seen the beach four times in my life, so yeah, that's something different room, that's what's always funny talking to my students in europe, you know, is there wherever you live in europe, there's a beach close by. It seems like just the whole geography is different, so but yeah, no beaches in my world.
Yeah, I think I agree with that or in the forest and the lakes and the rivers right here in Missouri are just beautiful. So yeah I'd like to like you know have the time and be in good enough shape to ride the Katy trail someday and yeah so especially in the fall when the leaves are turning and yeah I think Missouri is really beautiful too so. Yeah.
Yeah. Well. Yeah. True true. Have you always lived in the same area? Yeah.
Live so. Yeah. Yeah, me too. Well I lived in Oklahoma for a year but otherwise just here. So
yeah I said okay okay, California would be different different living and. Yeah.
Yeah that's good. That's good.
Probably different.
Yeah. I have a friend who's in L. A. And they've been there for three years now I think and they really like it, they're really comfortable there and they like the climate and you know, here comes one of the cats. Uh Yeah, but she's lived in a lot of places. Her husband's uh and a big like civil engineer and he works on these big highway projects and stuff. And so they've lived in D. C. And they've lived in Utah and books started in Kansas city and and uh and there in L. A. Now and they really like L. A. So he's trying to trying to stay there
Yeah. I know like so many people and hours to drive anywhere and you know. So yeah. I get it. Yeah. Um.
Uh Well yeah, I have three. They have a room down in the basement, so my finished basement room. So we keep the fosters down there. So they're kind of separate from our cats. So these guys are really kind of shy and kind of quiet. They're pretty they're all pure white. Um They're supposed to be the people who surrendered him, said it was a mom and two babies. Um But they're full grown. So the babies are adults but so so trying to get them used to people and and uh then uh well we were supposed to do an adoption event just with the oldest one yesterday because she's friendly enough, but they cancelled everything in the weather. So, but in two weeks we'll take at least the one and maybe all three of them if they're ready. Um The pet smarts, this this group I work with works with a different petsmart. So we'll be in a petsmart, showing them off, trying to work on finding them home. So get them placed before the warm weather and kitten season starts. And yeah, there's about March or april. We end up with more kittens than we can handle. And so we're pretty my son and I are pretty experienced with feral kittens. You know, the ones that really need a lot of socializing. And then we've done a lot of bottle babies too. So we've taken them, we've taken them as young as a day old and bottle raised them. So
yeah, they're stuck to you. I've got one around here that um that we took two summers ago, like their mama, their mom was feral and uh they think she just got killed one day because you just didn't come back. And so we took the kittens, they were probably right around 78 days old. They didn't have their eyes open. But but and we brought three of them through. We saved three of them and one of them is still here. So, and he's just stuck to me all the time. You know, He follows me from room to room sleeps on me at night. It's like I'm I'm mom to him so. Yeah,
that's
all.
Uh huh. Oh no.
right. Always something.
Find
it. Yeah.
Yeah. The chemicals and things that
Yeah. Yeah. Crazy cats. Yeah. Yeah, it's the personalities are just so distinctive and you know, they developed these these traits and these quirks and all of that and
it's just pretty it's pretty crazy what they'll uh what they'll do and some of their habits and you know. But Yeah. Yeah. And how they are socially when they're little um is a um you know having having a whole litter
and even if they lose their mom, at least if they're together for a long time, they learn a lot from each other and, but a lot of times with the feral colonies and things and kittens just end up getting separated too soon and they do get kind of quirky and weird and you know, um
yeah, I've got one of mine who we have to hide the kitten bottles because he will choose the tops off the kitten bottles, but he usually leaves him alone and you know, unless it's but yeah, it could be like the baby's milk or things that smell like the baby's milk might Might attract them too. So yeah, because my kids are all big when we started fostering about 10, 11 years ago now I think. Yeah. Pretty funny. You funny. Okay. Mm.
Oh my gosh, well have 12 right now. Yeah.
So yeah. And they all have crazy names like the one who's a chewer, his name is edge. My son named him after a video game. And yeah we had uh we had a whole litter and we kept one of, we had a litter that mama cat had her babies on my 50th birthday so I had to keep one of them. But mama was apology Actel And she had six toes. So we named her countess Ruegen after the six fingered man in the Princess Bride. So so all of her kittens were named after characters. You know we only had two boys that we had Wesley and physic
but we had we had Maxine for miracle max and we had buttercup who a friend of mine adopted and then the one we kept his Valerie in the book, Valerie is miracle max's wife, you know the witch. So so we kept Valerie. So and she mama had six toes on every foot and the four girls have five toes on every foot and no dew claws. So
so they have their little mutant pause. But that's
funny. But so yeah, they always have, they all have crazy names. So the one that was up here a minute ago was gadget. Um He was from a litter that was all named after robots, so this one's sitting over here now that's trip. Um She has a fused left leg because it was broken. She came into the shelter like five weeks old with a broken leg. Um and we were able to save it, she can use it, but it's kind of fused. And then when they went to spay her, they found out she has a crushed hip joint too. So she kind of hops like a rabbit because they're back hips don't work, right? So, and well, we kept her because somewhere down the line, she's gonna cost somebody a lot of medical expenses and stuff and just knowing her needs, we felt like would be good to keep her. So, but don't trip because she had a broken leg and was falling. So
yeah, we have one cat that my husband named him fulsome after folsom prison Blues because it starts out, I hear the train coming fulsome was found alone next to a train track with the remains of his mother who was probably hit by the train. So yeah, but you know, So yeah, we name them all sorts of crazy things.
yeah, yeah. It is. It's fun. It gets
to you after a while though. Yeah. Okay. Well, I think we hit our 25 minutes here. It's in the calendar, so I never told you my name or even asked. So I'm Tracy.
Okay. Well, it was nice to meet you and nice
talking
with you today. All right, enjoy your sunday. Okay. All right.
I think you're thanks. I don't know how to shut this off, though. Well,