there. I was going if,
how's everything, where are you from?
Nice. I'm originally from California, the bay area or L. A. Area. Oh, nice. Me too. I'm originally from san Jose but I'm in new york now. Yeah, it's a big change. I actually haven't been back since Covid because I definitely don't want, I'm scared of getting my parents sick or anything. But how is Covid affecting your side?
Mhm.
Yeah, it's really tough right now. Especially with no vaccine. Like people are just starting out to care anymore. Like I'm like hearing stories about like cops like breaking up like big parties because like I think people are just so tired at this point. How long has it been now? Like five months? Six months. Oh my God. Have you have you guys been doing like stay at home orders in the barrier. Yeah, it depends on the county is right,
definitely.
You know,
it's
like
Mhm. Okay. That's yeah, I don't know how people are doing it. Like a lot of things are still closed gyms. Um Are restaurants open there?
Oh that sucks. I know a lot of businesses are closing because there's not enough people come in right now. I just can't imagine like new york like we had that problem like for like the first four months and then cases started to or hospitalization started to stabilize, so I think we're like In stage four now we're going to stage four. I think gyms are still closed, indoor dining is not allowed, but I feel like everything else is open. Um But I think for the most part people are like um you know like adhering to social distancing, they're wearing mass, but every once in a while like I would run around the park and I would see like people not wearing masks, I'm like what is going on? You shouldn't be out there, but how are you dealing with all this though? Mhm.
No, I'm actually working um I actually work in the healthcare industry so
Um No, I'm working from home now, I've been working from home since March. Um but you know, I have the opportunity to go back in the office every so often, so a big part of my job back in february when it's all hit especially hard in new york city, I was leading the covid initiative preparedness initiative and my organization. So it was a lot. I was working like seven days a week um from like seven a.m. To like nine pm every day. It was it was hard, but you know, like it was something that we've never really experienced before. Um But yeah, work is tough, especially work in the healthcare industry right now, it's like, I just, I don't know, it's like, am I in the right industry? Should I like move industries? I don't know, how about you, are you working or a student?
Thanks. Nice.
Yeah, What are you majoring in
condition?
This
is
business way.
Oh, nice, that's smart thing to do. Uh
I did,
yeah, I did, I went to riverside, um I did business administration to um at first I'm like, I don't know if I, you know, this job would be, this major would be great for me because I felt like I wasn't really do anything, like when I first got out of college, I was like doing a lot of sales and a retail, trying to figure out what I wanted to do, and then when I moved to new york, I'm like, um you know, let me try, like dabble in health care. A lot of my family members, like they're in health care and they loved it. Um So this is where I am now, I mean, am I going to get health care forever? Who knows? We'll see. What do you plan to do with your degree?
This is
are you going to try to do like one of those major organizations tomorrow?
it's all
mm Yeah, I kind of miss being in college and not having to think about the real world too much. Um but you know, I feel like it's a great experience, you know, like enjoy as much as you can you say you're a junior now, right? Are you, are you planning to just go into the workforce after or you plan to go to grad school?
That's smart because I'm grad school is super expensive,
I'm sure you already know college is super super expensive. Um I don't know if you like, your your parents are able to pay for your school anger
like
back,
right? I can't believe like I'm hearing about like student loans and loan forgiveness, but and I'm hearing people like, I think the federal government, they prolonged the interests for student loans until like september and they're looking to push it through december something. But I can't imagine people who have like half a million dollars of like student loan debt. Like how are you guys like dealing with it? And they're like, it's just dead. I'm like, you can't just say that that's going to like destroy your life
if
thank
you right
now,
but
until it gets too heavy and then you fall down. Yeah. Are you going to school in person or is it solver online?
What?
Yeah. I heard it's going up with tuition from some colleges and
that's
kind of ridiculous.
Yeah. Yeah. See I can't even imagine like like I'm also thinking about like kids going back to school right now in person like what do you think about that?
It
but.
It's the
Mhm. Yeah. And let alone bring it back to the household. When does your siblings start?
you said it's going online for a while?
Okay wow. I can't imagine like even like in Georgia like I heard like schools open and like close the classroom have been quarantined because someone tested positive. That's that's that's crazy now. Well good for your brother or whomever
is able to do that, stay at home. And I don't know if, I don't know if he's driving her parents crazy because they're always
at all. But that's funny. What do you think about Kamala Harris being um Mhm. Being oh do you have Covid?
what do you think about Kamala Harris being appointed, A
joe biden's running mate?
Thank you.
I mean I think it was probably one of those better choices considering that he wants to get a colored woman on the ticket, so I'm sure he didn't have a lot of super qualified people to pick from. Um I'm sure he picked her for a reason because he knows that she's like a bulldog, you know she uh you know she's gonna go after anyone, you know, she puts her mind to like she's gonna she's gonna destroy mike pence like during the debates, I'm sure. Um But you know, she has a lot of haters uh that's gonna be hard, you know, for their campaign to do well. Um at the same time it's like these last four years under trump. It's like it's been a lot and you know maybe I'm a little biased because you know I think a little more on a liberal sense um But you know I think what I've been hearing and like how he's trying to buy the country and you know like yeah people are people's true faces are coming out which might be a good thing because you really know who they are at the same time. It's like we're gonna go if if trump is on going to be president for another four years, like we're definitely gonna be going to war with someone like I don't know which country and like you know like it puts our national security in danger because you know everyone hates us. They think they think that we're fools because of the leader we have but you know I'm just kind of being optimistic and hoping for the best. So I don't know are you?
You can how's Berkeley by the way?
And
what?
that's it.
What?
No.
it's hot
It's like very liberal and people are very open there. Right. Are you actually living on, I don't know if I heard you did you were you living on campus? You're living
with your parents?
Everything
you
know
like
on
campus. Okay. I can't imagine like living on campus so expensive. I mean especially if like you live near there my little commute. Right
fucking hard.
Right. Would you ever like go to grad school like in a different city or a different state? Like away from your family?
Well
Good morning.
Mhm. Right warns in uh philadelphia. Right. Nice. I mean there's so many like great schools like in California like I get it, but even on the east coast to um what's going to have a lot of options there, that's fine. Have you seen any of your friends? I
New york, it's it's a little harder because like yep take public transportation everywhere. Um So I actually went to the train to see some friends last weekend and it was really weird because I haven't taken a train since you know Kobe broke out and it was still a little crowded. Like people were wearing masks in the train. Well like not all people but some people were not wearing masks, people just copying it sneezing like it's nothing and I just couldn't wait to get out of the train. And then when I went to the restaurant, what went up with some friends, like I appreciated that. You know, they were adhering to social distancing guidelines. You
know, they had table spread out. You know, it was all outdoor and it was really nice and like it was a human connection that I definitely needed because I felt like I've been going a little crazy the last few months and I feel like my only human connection has been like the zoom, okay, I'm or just like at the grocery store and like these are strangers. I don't even know. So, but I don't know. Have you ever been to new york?
If
I
am Yeah. And you know, like you're young, you still have a lot of options. So like even if you want to live a different life, let's say in warren World War 10 or N. Y. U. For your NBA. You know I think it's definitely a great opportunity that you should definitely consider. I don't know how is everything else though? How's your family had only yet?
hmm. But it's a little crazy for you too because you have to see your parents all the time
expect.
Nice. That's cool. How long have you had your braces for?
But
well
How long have you had your braces for
altogether? Only?
mm. Yeah, I definitely don't miss having braces. I remember like um I used to like cut the wire at the end because I used to like love biting into meat even though my orthodontist was always like telling me like you shouldn't do this. And like every time I I broke the wire I would have to come in and pay 20 bucks and me being in high school, like my parents would have to pay for it. So like I would just kind of like let the wire stick out until my next appointment is still the wire be cutting my gums. And it was a horrible thing like looking back at it, it's like I should have had like more self control when it kept getting, but the meat was just so good that you know, I would forget that I had braces. I don't know. Have you, have you gone on any vacation trips aside from hiking?
No.
Where is
it?
You hit almost all the continents. What about what about Antarctica? Are you planning to go?
And
you have
to like
prepare?
That's
Yeah. I've been like I've been really I just started really love traveling maybe since like six years ago. Uh And ever since then like I have to like travel outside the country like every year like I was supposed to go to Greece back in april but my flights were canceled because of Covid. Um So like my friends and I were trying to go again next year but I feel like Covid still gonna be an issue by april. Um So like we don't know because the last time I travel, that's how the country was to Australia and new Zealand by the way, New Zealand is probably one of the most beautiful places in the world.
Go to the southern or northern part.
What? That is so called, What
is the big?
because I think it was like Christchurch is the biggest city in South New Zealand and
that
and what's the big city that's like further south of New Zealand where like there's a lot of like extreme sports. Uh huh
I don't know, it was a great today. Yeah.
yeah, it's all about the food, I feel like that's the number one thing, like I remember like going to Japan, it's like oh my God, like I want to go back just for the food, like like how fresh the sushi was at the Suzuki market I think oh it was so amazing. The only problem is that like I gained so much weight
by the time I get back I can't fit and sending my clothes um so I made a pack that with my friends that every time you know we travel out of the country like we have to get a gym that's located at the hotel because I need to work in between because I'm just going to blow up. I mean I love food. I'm a big food a but I don't know I just wanna keep eating. I I dream for the day to travel again. Um I actually want to Mardi gras for a new Orleans right before Covid hit but I think Covid was already happening but we just didn't know about it. Um And like one of my good friends he lives there. I'm like I hope Mardi Gras happens again next year and he's like new Orleans new Orleans like they rely on this because that's how they make all their money
and like they're like they're like struggling like really bad right now. Have you been in New Orleans?
So
you
more
from?
dan
you've been you've been everywhere. Who's been who's funding you all the who's funding for your travels?
me
too.
Please don't mention to.
Oh
that's so funny. You've been everywhere. I feel like I need a catch up with how many places you've been to But I think we hit our 25 minutes so I think we're good. Right we did. Okay well it was nice talking to you and be safe out there. Good luck with everything.
Bye.
Thanks.