Yeah, I do.
kerman California
Um It's like all right
like there's like I think like hopefully it will get better is all I can say.
Yeah. So I'm genuinely
yeah, at least
we're
all at like
stay at home mostly.
Um for like take out on like outdoor dining.
What do you do in new york? Are you like a student or like working?
are you like are you go ahead?
I'm a student, I'm in college
I didn't directly
I'm majoring
in business,
car
parts,
business administration.
you go to college in California or did
you go out?
I don't think I plan on bunion time, maybe consulting
or finance or something like that.
so like maybe like like a dream job would be like big four, like something like that. But like um realistic honestly like anything is like okay because like I'm still I'm like about to be a juniors to like it's alright like so like they're still
or actually have to go to work and stuff like that.
Um And planning on going into the workforce for a couple of years and then going to be going uh there
in
and
so I
like I have like a couple of scholarships and something like it was still pretty expensive like like we like we are like savings and stuff so like and I also work jobs in my college to help like. Piano.
It like
keeps its like are you still
like think like it grows on you like a vine
my like
it just
slowly keeps growing.
It's all the online this semester at least. That's probably going to be for like a while. And then I started to live for christ and like there's no
room and board but like, like no dorm feasible, like you're still paying the same amount of tuition pretty much.
What's that
about
the same but like Yeah.
Um I feel like, I know like since my sibling is stolen my high school and like that's just like kind of like scary. Like I don't like his
school was like
all online but like going back to school. Like I think like that's like a huge risk because like lots of students because even the news we see like some students like they went back and then they like when we do, we got affected and like it's like medical research has shown like Covid has like lasting effects. Like we don't want like a person like When they're like 12 to like have like a lifelong like disability
in.
Oh, they're like, they haven't started school yet. Okay.
Yeah, it's gonna be all right.
And
All
No, no, it's it's kind of itchy
and
honestly like, I think it's interesting because like, I haven't like read up on like the news
super snake and I've been really busy. But like at first, like, I like, I knew she was like our state senator and all, but like, are you? I knew like she wasn't like, I knew she was the indian, but like, I didn't know like a lot about her and I think like her just being appointed like VP. I think like it's interesting because like it's like a good forward step, but it's also like, well she has like a huge impact like all in the race in general, I'm just like, sure. It's like I'm a super big on politics. Like I read a lot of news and I know what's going on, but like I'm not like super into that kind of stuff, which is
when you can
um it's
like
fun. I actually enjoy it. Like I think great since like I had to apply to house like last year and I like, I think I'm getting in like it wasn't too bad, but like, it was just look like I,
because like, ever since I was like younger, I really wanted to like graduate from boston's by like one of my family friends, they like they graduated from there and then they were just a huge role model for me. So like, I really want to like continue like, the
legacy kind of, that date.
And then like, I think like the classes are going
to bad and like, it is like challenging, but I think overall like Brinkley is like pretty fun and it's not as bad as people say.
No,
no, I don't
like Mhm. Um
with
my
parents, but like, probably for the rest, junior and maybe senior year will be going back kind of
thing.
I live within, I live in Alamitos, it was just like, like
I live in fremont, you know what? So like, it's not like close, but it's not like far either. The, like, my parents just wanted me to leave, kind of like, I think it's also like fun because like, like a learning experience for you as well and living in a dorm and just like living by yourself.
Yeah, I think mike Yeah, because like
for me, like I've always wanted to come my underground from Brickley and then get my masters from like awarding because I was like a dream for me. But like I'm not really sure
because it is like really hard to get into as well. So like we'll see me being a couple of years.
know one of my friends and we're fighting generally if I do see friends, we try to like, like stay like no, like we don't like stand super close and we always like wear masks or like we go to like second like nature please. Like we go there to like apart and we like sit like far away from me them or like we went hiking the other day since I I think like being just like inside your house like all day, it's like really good to let you just walk out, you know? I see nature for a bit, so like in new york.
I know.
You know, I actually have it but like now has a plan for understand that was like I want I initially wanted to go to Stern and while you're staring and like I like applied edie there, but like I didn't get in so like I think it was also like good because I really do like break, so like it's not too bad but like I did like a ton of research and like I really want to go to NyC and like live a different life from like in the like in California, like thankfully like things worked
out
fine.
Um My family, we're all just doing fine. Seems like my parents are both like working from home like lovely. They like to be able to do that like that.
Yeah, it's like
a strange because like back in college and I'm like, I noticed back home all day, like back then like it was different.
I actually got, it's like I didn't just even high school seems like I like it. It's like, it's because like there's like a growing issue so I need to continue so I can
get,
so I got like a year ago and I'm about to finish soon. It was like, I only need like a minor like change with it. It was like initially my doctors to just like his visit line, but like I don't really like the concept of it. So I was just like, I just stick it out with braces and like now I'm online and center like care and this is kind of annoying.
Like one year.
Yeah, it was like a minor change only because like my teeth generally like ready pretty straight. It was just like I couldn't have them earlier because like they were because my jaw was like growing or something like that.
I'm not
since coca started but I'm like Alvin, I'm like an added like traveler. Like I really like traveling on going to different places 90
light.
So I've enjoyed a lot of different countries like states as well. I've been to north America, South America, you're asia and Australia so far. I just haven't visited africa. Yeah. Mhm.
No, or maybe actually because like maybe like when I'm older or something like that, but like it's like really expensive to go there. I like look actually look
up
and
greens
away. You have to prepare a lot.
Like maybe like a cruise. I think that would come.
Mm It is. Yeah.
I went to the southern part. I think I left when I was younger. I went a long time ago because I have found you that loose.
My
family lives in Australia but like we stopped buying music as well
Anyway.
I was fighting over
and
I've been to Greece the center in. It's really nice. Like the white and the blue. It's like the domes are like the rooftops is like really pretty one week. I think like I was like traveling because it's the food are really like eating and stuff like that.
Never.
That's
And I am not,
I've only
been like,
and
then to make the more popular destinations in the U. S. Like I've been to, I'm in Chicago boston. I went to new york cap for a month, I don't think. Well, I'm not sure. Yes. I have been to new york until Washington is the right. A couple of the east ST
florida. Uh, Alaska.
I was younger. Like I played that I mentioned. And then
that
are you?
the sports like they were all across like the tournaments were all across the United States. I've been to like texas. No. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. You too.
Then left with your health care. Yeah. Thank