and then
there was something problem with my work camp. Uh Only mind that
yeah I'm located in florida. What are in from
California? Nice
place.
I didn't get bit
uh no I didn't ever been to California but I do will to do that I hope in the next few months
No.
Mhm. Oh that's great, florida is a nice place. You should uh come to visit sometimes.
mm
it's
good.
Sleep
So
I was saying uh tell me something over to yourself
uniform wow
for
now
working.
you
use
the
word.
This is yeah that's right yeah
I am currently in uh uh Hello uh
I'm currently in Fort Lauderdale.
I'm originally from here here from my book. I'm
here from the but yeah
Uh Sorry sorry I didn't say Mumbai I said I am here from my birth.
No that's not a big deal. The
connection is kind of some leggy sounds coming like buzzy.
All right. Uh No, I am from florida, United States.
Uh My family is originally from Asia. The eastern Asia actually. Uh
The country is named Malaysia.
this they settle their at their age of nearly 24 or five. Then uh they made a job job here and they bought themselves their house. And now here we are having a full one of family.
The
family is great and the family is great.
quite big but yeah. Kind of uh my father, mother and I have a brother also and my own family as well. My spouse. My child. Okay. Yeah.
As much as I think you should actually you actually should uh having having kids are fun. Actually the
you
will.
You will. Yeah,
you will.
Mhm.
Uh Yeah, actually it is my phone just drying up. No, no, no, no, it is just hanging out. Yeah.
wow. So, uh who are you currently living with?
man.
Yeah.
I don't
know.
Absolutely.
ready.
Little
living world.
Thank
you.
No, I'm currently living in a great house, houses to flex having fun in my family. That is great, awesome. There
has been,
it's big enough for me actually. It's two floored uh every floor has four bedrooms, every bedroom has a dedicated bathroom and the kitchen is huge as well. So it's perfect for me and my family. Well,
Mhm.
Only
1 1
Here, starting now. How
routine?
if sexually, um about 4000 square feet or
something.
Tom
Yeah. That's absolutely right.
It's
tough.
What
happened?
You
like horses?
Yeah. It's uh it's still hard. Not very much, but kind of. So
how
is
the
effect of COVID-19 at your place?
How
is the effect of COVID-19 at your place?
Mhm.
What?
that's right at my place. Everything is almost back to normal. Kind of. The restaurants are open roads are completely full of traffic right now as much as I can see. And there's no big issues right here at this moment. I hope everything's kind of going uh fine, there's nothing wrong. Let's see what happens. I just hope that not another big pandemic situation comes later at our head. That's what I expect.
Thank
you
Yeah.
What?
We
just hope that things have come back to normal, that's all we can do. But
what actually what actually think that uh do you think that uh remember that actually was founded in new studies available on prolific? Do you actually believe that corner virus was founded in china? Yeah. You know what?
What?
Well. Yeah.
There
is.
Mhm. Yes, that is kind of true. Uh I think I just I just think that china may have done this for a reason. China may have done this to destroy our uh what is the economy
kind of? Yeah, I think this could be happening because uh look at China, they have recovered so fast. They just uh followed into COVID-19, then got out and got themselves out of it. They have not even uh counted that much death at all. Look at the world, China has almost the smallest amount of death for Covid
name. So I think that china may have done this uh intentionally, uh
if they even don't if they even haven't done this intentionally, still, they had the vaccine for this coronavirus since uh marshall april, I mean, they uh they had the vaccine a long time before. They didn't uh kind of shouted it out, they didn't want us to recover as fast as they did, right? Yeah,
What?
one
of the party. Okay.
Have you ever
been
on?
I
don't know.
mm
What?
what I actually do think that uh is trump actually doing good for our society. I kind of don't think so. Uh look at him, he's doing whatever he's doing actually, all all of it is actually for his own steak I think uh he's not very much doing for the society and of course not for the republicans. How would you ever be a republican party? That is completely out of luck? I don't know, whatever it is. Uh
16
And
they?
Re staying over there?
All
That's really
what you
want.
the
for
profit
model.
I don't know.
Okay. I think we are having a speech like uh unpleasant talking uh we're kind of having sad moods. Let's forget this. Okay, let's just change the topic and something else. What do you say? Yeah.
So uh how long have you been in prolific
and the prolific academics?
Happy
what?
Different. What?
Uh Yes. I visited mothership twice in my life. Once for business purpose and another one for leisure. I made my grandparents house actually. No they were dead. But I went there I went to the to my grandparents house and to be honest I didn't feel like I belong there, belong here actually.
This
is my life.
No. Ah Yeah. Nice. Uh having great views, places to visit. It's
no it's
not bad. Yeah.
Could be it kind of kind of seems like tropical but not too much actually. Uh
I'm not trying.
So why did you lift her? Why did you lift her? Uh
All
women all
women
women's opposite. They always just didn't do this. This is their job actually.
So
how many did you date it in your whole life? Yeah.
Is
this good for you or bad for you? The price drop?
so
I think you will be employed as soon. What do you think about that?