Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm ate them super fast. It's called the low hanging system. And I've just written a new book to show you how to do it too. As you'll see this is completely unique and different to everything you've seen before. Hi, my name is Rachel Rough and I'm a professional aecom seller who sold tens of thousands of products online and I'm also a best selling author and mentor to thousands in my new book. You'll discover real examples of products that you can start selling now. How to create a new e commerce products in less than 10 minutes. You'll see me demo it the secret of how to pay $0 for product inventory until someone buys it from you. Plus much more. This book will sell for 29 95 on Amazon Kindle, but you can get it for a big discount at the launch of special, but you need to act now jump on it. The 4th season having sex Oscar blockbusters with a career spanning 50 years party be celebrated her. Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
All right, I can't see you.
Mhm. Okay. So where are you located,
California?
Okay.
Yeah. Uh you've been? Mhm.
I said you've been to California.
Study.
Right, so that's nice. I've never been to florida myself. One of my my youngest brother, he had a church in I think Fort Lauderdale.
Oh yeah. I wouldn't become God will I plan on it? One of my friends, I have a few friends that go down there on the regular. Mm
I have family
in the south
so I guess I could deal with it. You all you all have humidity. We really don't
have it. But it has been kind of hot lately the last two months or so. It's been out of here California,
we can't have a steady temperature. Excuse me. Go ahead. Yes. What were you saying? Go ahead. Speak.
Oh man, I'm uh I'm 43. i uh do real estate.
I'm from Los Angeles, I just moved to another
city
a few months ago,
right around Kobe time. So I've been kind of stuck in the high desert right now, Apple Valley. This uh it's about like an hour to an hour and a half away from L. A. It just depends on what part of L. A. You're going to because Los Angeles is so so so large.
It
really depends on
where
you're going.
So what city are you in?
Yes, I'm here.
Oh you are you're Fort Lauderdale to uh That's funny. That's right, so where are you from originally?
Uh huh. On my bike,
Mumbai Okay. That's in India. Right,
okay. I still I still can't catch the country, I'm sorry.
All
okay. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. So yeah, so I guess it's somewhere in Asia, is it though? Is it a Middle Eastern country?
Okay. I just see the accent. I'm sorry. Yeah, the accent, that's all. So where is your family from originally?
country?
Oh, Malaysia. That's yeah. Okay, Malaysia.
Oh that's
fine.
So you have a big family here? Okay.
that's fine. Yeah, I don't have any I'm not married, I don't have any kids. Yeah.
I just got to meet the right person.
This is letting me do
it.
Yeah, I just got to meet the right person. So
yeah. So yeah, when whenever that comes in, yeah. You know, come along just I know my family is like very upset because yeah.
Super mom.
it's noise. Yeah. That's good. You have a big family, I have a pretty big family too. I have, My mother's side is in L. A. And my father's side is in Nashville Tennessee.
Oh I just moved so I'm staying with my uncle for now. But when I came I tried to buy a house but well I really kind of been like uh
how you say uh
because I've been kind of slack on my business because the real estate market is overheated, I'm an investor, I'm not a flipper, I don't do you know, buying flip and things like that. So the last house I was trying to buy, it got bought out from me Because the real estate, it's like a bubble, like I was in 2008 like everything is uh is overpriced. So uh it's not really necessarily a question if you can afford something or not but it's more so a question of the actual value
you'll be
paying, you know what I mean? It's kind of like, it's kind of like it's kind of like if you go to a grocery store at noon every day and All of the food is 30-40% higher, But if you just wait till 7:00 it would be the normal, you know to drop by 30 or 40%, you know what I mean? So you don't want to over pay for something now, that would be worth something less later. So yeah so I just
take my time and find me find me analysis because it's more
affordable up here where I'm at. So a lot of people moving from Los Angeles um You know I
think
up here is kind of like florida prices more or less. Like even though it's a suburb, It's kind of
it's kind of like
Florida, like you can get a nice house for like three or 400,000 in a real nice house.
So
how big is it?
right, okay. Yeah. So uh
so how many kids
do you have?
01 Boy, How It Is?
He's held
okay. All right, yeah, so that's that's that's fine. So yeah, so the places do a lot of the houses there, do they sell nice plots of land? Like how big the yard usually be like in Fort Lauderdale?
Well the yard,
okay, they're kind of small and I guess that's a nice size in a sense, that's the only thing about here, up here in the high desert. They give you, well, depending on which city you go to the the city, I
mean they give you like majority of the houses have an acre. Yeah,
yeah. You know, majority of
have
an acre and a majority of, a
lot
of more zone for horses. So some people have worked perfectly.
Yeah. Or gold.
Uh Oh, I've written when I was young but I haven't, no, I haven't uh I haven't written them, you know, been a very, very long time. But I like animals period. The only thing I don't like about here is all the dirt is like you can have this city. They, I think they charge a lot for water. So a lot of people let their grass go if you go to another city like victor ville. Some of those, a lot of those homes have grass, you know, it's just too much dirt. That's what I don't like. Like if it gets all over your cars, everything, the desert. You know, it's the desert, but it's, it's beautiful though. The mountains and everything. It's very, very nice. No, it's very, very, it is very, very scenic and you know, things like that. Yeah. So it's still still hot in florida right now. Right.
Is it, is it,
how
does
he expect?
How
is the word?
Uh huh. It's uh uh you
know, everything is shut down but slowly trying to open back up. Uh Some people aren't working, some people haven't uh you know, it's uh it's made it, I don't know people, it seems like people want to get out and
do things more. It's affected things or somebody they're hurting. You know, some businesses are hurting uh, you know, everybody sees it differently or whatever. I just wish we would have, I wish the governor wouldn't have open so sooner. I think we would be at a better point right now. But it seems like it's recovery I guess. Oh,
I think,
I
think that one thing is going to be, uh, it's gonna be And affected this. I remember like, remember the whole SARS epidemic in was in 2003 in China. And uh, yeah.
And I remember like even from then on until like before Covid hit any time you looked at china, you can see, uh, you can see somebody wearing a mask. I think, I think it's going to be the same thing over here now. I think even, I think you're gonna get used to seeing people where mass. I think that's just something that's just going to happen. You know, that's, I think that's gonna
be kind of a, it's gonna be because something really to get used to, I guess, you know, So, yeah. Uh, I don't know it's just you know things change that's all I can say. Things
change. So it has to be the new north
So
mean I guess I'm not one for conspiracy theories but I don't know I guess you I think it could have I mean you know things happen because one thing I do know is that every
year the C. D. C. Uh
their job is to try to catch you
know
pathogens or you know different things that are inside animals before they jump humans. They try to beat that. And I believe it happens because I remember uh excuse me remember the swine flu And how that happened how they came out of Mexico back. I believe it was like in 2009 and uh I believe I believe it could have happened. I believe it's possible you know? Uh It's just it's just I think it's just I don't think we would have got hit as bad if we have, you know, better leadership, I think, you know, people would take a more proactive stance
economy.
you're
looking.
Yeah. Yeah. It's possible if I believe, I can believe that because they've been dealing with it for long, because all it is is SARS that's all it is, is just another form of it. There's mutated, so that's possible. It's very much possible. I mean, and then, you know, the thing is, is that uh is that uh is regardless of what any party, any political leader or whatever, regardless of what they say, they can't stop china's economy, you know what I mean? They cannot stop them from becoming the world power, you know, I mean? It's and and the thing is, is the crazy part is that they're gonna they're
gonna make history because they will be the first country in the history of the world to have to be the world leader twice. You know what I mean? So it's gonna happen, you know what I mean? I just
people
you know, people don't wanna do not want to accept it, you know what I mean? But, you know, politicians, Democratic, Republican. They all lie. They all lie. They know, and I'm not saying the conspiracy theories seem like, I mean, they know the truth and they
know there's like this
something
they can't stop, but they all campaign and run on, oh, we're going to keep us being number one. It's a must we keep being number one. It doesn't it doesn't I don't think it makes any sense. It's just like during the election um trump lied about about about the jobs, like outsourcing jobs and things like that. And the things is is that he's a businessman, all businessmen, investors and things like that. They know about economic cycles
and they know
about jobs dying off. Those type of jobs are not around anymore. A
lot of those jobs are going overseas. They're not, our economy has moved past those type of manufacturing jobs
as sad as it is to say. So I don't see how you can bring back something that's not really affordable anymore, you know? Yeah, so, you know,
but I'm concerned for the country.
I don't understand. I don't know how we come back from
this.
I don't
I'm more concerned. That's that's the thing that really confuses me. I know that's what I don't, I don't know man. It's just, it would be interesting to see if we can, it's been so many wounds opened up, so much negativity blown around. I don't, I don't see how it would be nice, but
I don't see how we, we are supposed to come back from this, you know, I mean, it would be interesting to see, but uh, I don't know, I really don't know man. It's, that's what I'm more concerned about. Like you can be upset at things he does. I'm not really upset at things he does in a sense because, and the reason being is that I'm more concerned with the people who allow him to do what he does or who don't have a problem with it. That's, that's to me that's the bigger issue. The bigger issue is, um, the bigger issue is, um,
you know
what
people are allowed to go on, you know what I mean? That's that's that's more so than him because people can do what they want to do. I mean, a person can run around and
in the city and killed
10
people
a day and if the police do nothing about it, what are people gonna say, they're going to be on the police, you need to find out who's doing this or you need to arrest this man. That's that's my whole way of seeing it, you know? So
um so you know that so that's my that's my issue with that, just isn't this a double standard? That's the whole thing is a double
Yeah, that's good, that's fine with me, That's fine.
And and and how long have I been in what? Mhm.
Oh I'm not I'm not in politics, have long been into it. Uh You know, I kind of grew up around in the sense that I guess, you know and we had some uh some uh aunts basically, that was how you say uh she was in the civil rights and things like that in the real estate, learn a lot of
things from her,
she was one of my great aunt, my father's grandfather's sister. Yes. Have you uh on another note, have you ever visited
Malaysia?
No
I
mean how is the country, is it nice
Beautiful
home,
Beautiful, beautiful. I know probably. Is it tropical innocence?
Right not too much. Yeah it seems like a nice country. I'd like to visit Malaysia, that's a place I'd like to go. I had a this is true because you made me think about I had an ex that was from Thailand and she uh she was she's been here since she was two because she still
little accent. She was the only one, she had an older sister, a younger sister, younger brother. She was the only one with an accent. Yeah.
She was just too much, she was a handful, she was too much. She, I don't know, she she could be, she was a cool, a nice woman I should say, but although she has some insecurity, she was kind of possessive. She was a good girl in a sense. Yeah, she was a good guy, but you know
some people
someone
manipulated drinking.
Mhm. Yeah, some women like playing the victim, she was that type, She wanted to play the victim on certain things, but yeah, she was she was she was cool. I've actually dated uh tie, a girl from Laos and I think one or two from the Philippines, we've had a lot of different girlfriends from different countries
there.
man. I don't know, I don't know, I was young. I haven't dated anybody for a while honestly. Now been kind of busy with business and things like that because I have some when I get done with the real estate, well I have some other businesses I'm gonna start. Uh So I really, the real estate is more so for a passive income, that's really what it's for, but I will always invest in real estate but like I said because of how the market is right now, I'm just moving money into the stocks right now until things turn around. It's I think I've seen the signs of it slowing down because I've been getting notifications of prices dropping on some of the properties in my area Usually for a while, you know, houses were selling about 10 days on average.
So
it's good because see the thing is, is that um what a lot of people fail to realize is like, okay, if we have a recession, if things go bad, you look at 2000 and 8, 2000 and seven around that time, the media would say, oh, business bad, oh, real estate is bad, but they don't realize that that is the best time for businesses and the best time for real estate. What I'm saying, that's when the lowest prices, um a lot of businesses that are around today, a lot of blue chip companies, real real big companies, they began in uh and uh how should you say during the recession, the great recession, the great, I mean, the depression, They began in like the late 30s, you know what I mean? So, yeah, so the history tells us that recessions and depressions and things like that are better economic opportunities, but the mass people, the public, they don't notice the media doesn't teach this, you know what I mean? So people don't know and they stay out of the real estate market, you know? So yeah, or stay out and stay out of this and stay out of that. So, you know, so uh you know, it's just is what it is, you know? But uh yeah, I mean it's good. Yeah, prices dropped because like I said, uh I lost the house. I tried to buy a loss because uh uh the thing was uh Somebody stepped in and paid $30,000 more than what I had agreed upon. I had the health of my real estate, The contract two times. So that's how I end up losing it. And of course of her correcting the contract, somebody that said, Hey, instead of I'll give you 255,000, I had I had a contract for 225,000. So like I said, it was overheating. This was a house that was 975 sq ft. two bedrooms. Too bad. Yeah. So like
a little small house. Yeah.