SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Broken. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa,
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, can you hear me? How
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: okay. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Have you done one of these people?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I've done it one other time. Have you
SPEAKER_R: No I haven't. This is my first one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I waited yesterday. I was supposed to have one at five yesterday and I waited forever and no one ever showed up, so I'm glad to see that you did show up. Are you from Colorado?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I live here now. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Denver.
SPEAKER_R: Well. Oh nice. I'm in Denver, are you do you live here now?
SPEAKER_L: Um I live in Nebraska now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh what's in Nebraska? All
SPEAKER_L: nothing too great cards, but my parents live here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Where in Denver did you live?
SPEAKER_L: Um like near Cherry Creek. Um if you know where Congress Park is? Yeah, I grew up like a block from there.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. That's awesome. I live in Park Hill.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So how is it under these days?
SPEAKER_R: It's good, it's growing so fast like traffic is horrible. Um Yeah people are just I mean housing is like insane. Um Yeah, it's just growing too fast.
SPEAKER_L: That makes sense to me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. How long have you lived in Nebraska?
SPEAKER_L: um For a while now um like I have moved back and forth my whole life. So it's kind of like a difficult question but I've been living here since like 2018 this time.
SPEAKER_R: Okay thanks to work. Or do you go to school?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm going to school right now and then just doing mturk and prolific. Uh How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I work um I just got a new job, I started like three weeks ago, something like that. So
SPEAKER_L: What are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: um I work at a real estate company for their corporate office, it's going well so far.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do you have a background in that?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't so I used to do so I um was in corporate America for a really long time and then I quit and we travelled for a year and then I came back and it didn't like go back to real work for a little while and then I had a baby and then I did end up going back to a real job. So. Yeah but I so I was a consultant before this and I had never had a real estate client before so it's all the terminology and stuff like that is all brand new stuff that I'm learning. So it's a lot. What are you studying
SPEAKER_L: Um I am a community college right now planning to transfer so and then I'm one of major in psychology and then go to med
SPEAKER_R: Jonas?
SPEAKER_L: school. My ultimate goal is to become a psychiatrist.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. I studied psych too and I did I o psychology like business psych. Um That's awesome. Med school takes a really long time. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like eight years or something. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it doesn't always feel real. Like, I feel like it's like the imposter syndrome or something. Like it's like, I don't know. I feel like I'm like lying when I say I want to go to med school or something. I don't know if it's because I started college late or what, but I look forward to like actually having some of that completed so I can feel more like genuine when I describe it, I'm just gonna grab
SPEAKER_R: You mentioned yeah you might change
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: mind to yeah I started in psych without any idea like what I wanted to do with it and just kind of when I took things as they came.
SPEAKER_L: are you still like focusing on that side of things? Like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so right now I'm doing um employee surveys, that's what I used to do consulting for. Um and so we do employee surveys and then my company has a bunch of real estate agents and I do their surveys to like satisfaction surveys mostly.
SPEAKER_L: is that kind of like an HR thing? Okay,
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of what I owe Zika's, it's like um yeah, like basically like hR stuff like employee engagement and you can go lots of different directions. I kind of want the employee engagement direction.
SPEAKER_L: okay, well that's interesting. So what's your experience with, like, do you have, do you do, I'm Turkey as well? We're just prolific.
SPEAKER_R: I used to I haven't done entering in a really long time. I did that, I haven't even looked at it recently. But um yeah, I do prolific and then I do um user testing. Do you do a lot of stuff?
SPEAKER_L: I used to do mturk like full time um yeah, I feel like it's gotten like lessing like I feel like there's less stuff available now on there and it's like there's a lot more competition um and I'm not sure if that's just because I'm out of the habit because I feel, again, unless you sit there all day, you can get the impression that there's not a lot of work. So it's like I've been trying to get back into the routine more but I just mostly do em trick like casually now with prolific. Um I was working for happened for a while um
SPEAKER_R: I don't know that one
SPEAKER_L: It's like a deals with machine learning where like they consult for like um bigger companies which you're like it's obvious who you're working for but like you're not allowed to talk about it. Like they just call them the client but I was like one of the major search engines and so they like have you do stuff like make searches and then like rate if like the ads are good or not or they'll have you like watch like Youtube ads and stuff. So that was interesting. I mean it was It was like it was a W2 position so it was like you're employed but it was totally from home and
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: it was it was okay but I don't know they're like they would have these like tests were like they would give you like normal work and you wouldn't know but it was like a blind evaluation um and ended up like failing one and they fired me like a week before christmas. So that was yeah kind of a letdown.
SPEAKER_R: wow, it was just like you fucked up one time and they're like you're out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean it's like they're they just have like a rigorous standard of quality and if you don't meet it like. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was all that down but it was an interesting experience though.
SPEAKER_R: So when you did mturk full time did you like figure out a way to game the system a little bit like, I don't know, I can't imagine doing that all the time,
SPEAKER_L: Um I feel like I was just like Got like a really good schedule where I just like wake up at seven every day and just get on my laptop and just sit there till five. Um And I don't know if you're familiar with like hit catcher and hit finder and all those things. They're like extensions where it'll like constantly scan for new hits and then you can like sit there and watch it and like the second it gets posted and then hit catchers were like you can like have it like try to accept a hit. Like if the one that looked good but people already got it then if somebody like returns it it'll grab it for you. So those tools were helpful and I still use them a little bit. But I think the biggest thing was just like the rigorous self discipline and it is gotten super out of practice with that especially pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What a world?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's wind blowing. Really.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's awesome. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Has your life been super affected?
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um Kind of, so my husband works at a restaurant and so that was just like craziness at first and then they had to like so I don't know if they're doing it everywhere but they started giving out permits for to make patios here and so they build
SPEAKER_L: That.
SPEAKER_R: their own patio off of like a um like a parking lot and it's like a fancy restaurant. So they had to like I don't know and then they had him doing like construction, he was literally like you tubing, how to do plumbing and shit like that like yeah because they don't pay anyone but they were trying they were trying to be nice and like have people like do deep cleaning and like come do stuff um when they were closed. So he was like doing that and we at that time we had a two month old baby so
SPEAKER_L: Little
SPEAKER_R: it was like insane, luckily we didn't have to give birth during the pandemic cause I've heard that that's just terrible. But um yeah so then they the restaurants bounce back for a while, he was there doing like every other day shifts. Um But probably the last couple of months they're doing well again. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: It is definitely allowing people to eat in side or is it just the videos thing?
SPEAKER_R: You can't eat inside. There's all these rules like their tables, they have to literally measure the tables apart from each other and you can't like touch tables when as a guest or anything like that, so they're being fairly careful most people. Um Yeah whenever I go places I try and sit outside,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I've heard that like eating, having eaten at a restaurant like doubles your chance of getting it.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's so scary and he's there every day like it's so scary, he's been getting tested like every other week for the most part. So I feel okay. But so they started recently allowing people to have parties again and so they're supposed to have a max but they people show up and they're nice to them and so they let them take up like three tables in a room and then people get drunk and they start like talking to each other, talking to strangers or whatever. And so like after a while my husband and his co workers will be like, we're not working this party anymore. Like this is dangerous. I don't know. It's there.
SPEAKER_L: Well, um, I think Nebraska is like one of the only states that never had like a shelter in place order. Yeah. And the governor here has just been doing a terrible job. It's um,
SPEAKER_R: Have the case has been really high?
SPEAKER_L: they're just starting to right now. They're supposed to be really bad. Like they're running out of hospital beds in Omaha, which I live in Lincoln, which is like the capital city, but it's not like, it's like 250,000 people. Omaha, the only big city we have here. But yeah, it's supposed to be getting bad again. All right.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: And it just seems like most people here don't take it seriously and like they don't remarks and like, it's just like really infuriating. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I grew up in the south and it's, I mean talking to my family is just like they don't, you know, half of them don't believe that it's even a thing and like it's the government is, the politicians are doing this so we don't vote and that kind of stuff. So I don't go crazy people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's really frustrating. Especially because it's like I don't want to like be so like divided and be like these people like, like I want to see like the worth of, but it seems like there's not very much worth to a side that's like actively endangering lives.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah. I read a study that if people actually would have locked down the, it would have been eradicated in the US in like two or three weeks. And since people just are refusing to do it, it's just, it's insane. So
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah. One thing I did see that was like a little comforting was apparently there was like an outbreak of cholera in Russia and like the 1800s And people did like the same thing where they thought it was like a conspiracy and they like refused to 19. And so that made me feel a little better to know, like at least it's not just like a super special thing about now. It's just maybe
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like part of human nature,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Or not about americans. We're like the joke of the world right now. It's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: it's terrible.
SPEAKER_R: My doctors came in here. Do you have pets?
SPEAKER_L: I do. Um Okay, I got a cat right now. Mhm Sealer
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Lab mix. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. What do you do for like hobbies?
SPEAKER_L: Um I play guitar. I
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: like, I like to run, that's probably my biggest hobby.
SPEAKER_R: He likes to run, man. I hate running.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm kind of
SPEAKER_R: I like,
SPEAKER_L: I like the effect more than anything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've tried to get into it. I just can't. That's awesome. Duty. Like marathons.
SPEAKER_L: Um No, I mean I'm just kind of I just started like running like last year and I was running on the treadmill. Um and now I'm no longer living at a place with a treadmill, so I've been like trying to run outside and I haven't really been that successful yet, but so it's like I run a little bit and then give up and walk, but hopefully one day I'll be able to like run a five K. Or something.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Should you, there's like that couch to five K. People like that. You should do like a program that will motivate you.
SPEAKER_L: well definitely just like the like endorphins and stuff and like the antidepressant effect is super motivating in and of itself.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. That's awesome. Um Are you like in a band or you just play guitar by yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Well I just play guitar. I collaborate with my brother sometimes, uh He's 16, but he's really talented and puts out albums and stuff like once a month. So he is taking um he's actually the one that kind of got me into it, so I kinda, even though he's my younger brother, I kind of look up to him, you
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: can eat, he'll just sit there kind of all day, you know, working on stuff. What do you, what about you? What are your hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, I just have a nine month old. I want to do
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: anything. Um No, I used to really like to travel. Um well I used to do, they used to be in the movies, used to go to like um screening some movies like before they came out. Um
SPEAKER_L: did you like to like rate movies, like review them, that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: kind of thing?
SPEAKER_R: never really did that. I think you're supposed to like at least you're supposed to like spread the word when you went to those screenings. But I never really did much of that. Um I don't know it was what I used to do. I don't know it seems like a million years ago. It's crazy having a baby. It is crazy and minds not like the easiest baby in the world and it just takes well right now. It's crazy too because we don't well we don't want to get a nanny or somebody we don't know in our house like spreading dreams or spreading dreams to them. Um So we're just like taking turns like I work in the mornings and he watches the baby and then he goes to work and then I watch the baby and so it's like literally we are either working or watching the baby or sleeping all the time. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Well it sounds like probably pretty rewarding though.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's it's I mean like yeah, it's the best and so crazy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um So do you live with your parents now?
SPEAKER_L: Um I was I'm now I'm currently staying with my grandmother because she had surgery a little while ago and so I've been just kind of helping her.
SPEAKER_R: No, that's nice. Does a lot of your family live in the same area?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah my parents and siblings live in like one house across town and then my grandma lives here and then my other grandparents live in Colorado and I kind of lived with them a lot when I was younger.
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: They live in Crestone now. I don't know if you've heard of Crestone, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Isn't that like they did a podcast thing there about a girl that went missing or something? Isn't that that place?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they hate that. That's like the only reason because it's like obviously not good publicity. Um But yeah, that's the place and it's super like spiritual and like there's like a whole bunch of like different like religions and uh, like uh ways of life I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Yeah, I I have a friend who went to some like buddhist training thing there. I'm not really sure.
SPEAKER_L: Um yeah, actually I listened to some of that podcast. It was kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I started I didn't finish it, but crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I feel like it's the kind of place where it's like, there's a lot of like really like upstanding people there, but like there's really no police, so like there's all, yeah, like the police, like there's like a sheriff, but they don't really patrol or anything pretty much do whatever you want. And I feel like that has attracted some like people that don't have an interest in following the law.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's unfortunate. My grandparents really religious.
SPEAKER_L: they're not, they're more like and I mean I guess I don't think of them as religious, but they're like definitely like very serious about meditation and stuff. Um
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I've kind of like had that like as a background which is um my parents are catholic which is a whole other, but um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool though.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, do you come from like a religious background?
SPEAKER_R: Um I grew up that way and then um like methodist christian um Further yeah, until I was like 16 or 17, it was like a big thing to my parents and then went a different way. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool that you live by your family though. I haven't, my family lives in texas and like all of my family for the most part lives either, they're like in the south and I don't have any family anymore. I used to live in Chicago, I went to grad school in Chicago and then I moved here, so I haven't lived near my family for like 10 years now, probably it's okay frozen cotton's, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am sometimes wish I could just like abandon my family and moved to a different country. I feel like I feel really lost. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was, well I'm glad that I moved for school because it made like it kind of forced me to make my own community of people. Um so that was really great. But um yeah, I don't know, I mean sometimes I really wish that I still live near my family and then I spend a day with them and like, oh my God, we're all going to murder each other. I can't be around you people anymore. So frozen guys.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for sure. Well I definitely think some people are better in small doses and I feel like the longer I live with someone, like the more I noticed there like faults.
SPEAKER_R: totally. Yeah, that's why they tell you not to like live with your best friend in college because they all hate each other.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've experienced some of that. Oh
SPEAKER_R: What country would you move to if you had to leave?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm probably like one of the Norwegian countries. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: they're happy there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think Sweden seems a little questionable based on how they pandemic, but I don't know Norway or something, would you ever
SPEAKER_R: europe.
SPEAKER_L: consider leaving?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would love to, I wish it was easier to like actually move, like become a, I don't know, like a citizen or green card or whatever other countries have. Um, it's just, it seems so hard. Like we just went to New Zealand a couple years ago and it's amazing there. Um, it's kind of expensive to live there I think. But um like I would move there in a heartbeat if I could, but I feel like you have to really either have a lot of money and like prove that you can sustain yourself or get sponsored by a company to have to move somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: It's like not, I mean people, those people who are like, if you don't like it or just leave and it's like, it's not that easy and also you're the same people who don't want people to come here. Like it's just not, you can't just be like, oh I want to move to a different country and live there forever. It's just not that easy.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Europe is so different than here. I had a, I had an exchange student in high school, she was from Germany um and so we've kept up over the years and like the things that she says to me when the pandemic started, they have a son who's like to, and so she was like it's so hard trying to work and watch the watch the baby. So my husband and I work every other day, I'm like oh that must be that is your company just lets you work every other day while you watch your kids, it's just so different like here it's so focused on work, work work and if they feel like they're in europe, most places they have a lot of like work life balance I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I saw like this thing in my development class the other day that was like a showing like what the maternity benefits are for like every country and like other developed nation, they give you paid time off for like months and and here it's like a few weeks unpaid. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: we're the work, I mean it's horrible. They need to go back to work after six weeks and after having just had a baby six weeks after you are in no position yourself to be like healthy enough to do anything and you also should not be leaving your child at that young of age. I mean it's just insane.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that money you kind of like takes like a higher presidents than human life here unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, totally. Yeah, I agree.
SPEAKER_L: And it seems like most like younger people like agree with that. So I'm hoping that like over like my life I'm like eventually people that don't have horrible ideals will be in charge dimension.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so too. I have hope for the new generation.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I mean I don't know it's kinda but it's just really depressing but I guess all you can do is have hope.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. I mean what else you gonna do it right.
SPEAKER_L: Well I think we've got like two more minutes.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Do
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you have any plans this weekend?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not really, it's kind of since I can't really leave the house there is kind of like little meaning to weekend or weekday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. I work from home, my company um the whole company as a remote, we have, we have this weird like second life office world thing where like you have a little avatar and you like go to people's offices, like have meetings and go to conference rooms. It's really strange but so I don't even have to be on video conference like at all. And so I literally like never leave my house. I don't usually get dressed like there's no, there's no meaning to tie him anymore,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is your sleep schedule kind of got messed up?
SPEAKER_R: it's horrible. Yeah, my daughter is not a good sleeper. Um Yeah we're working on it so Yeah my husband, I usually like take turns. I usually get like a full night's sleep every other night or so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Did you ever like um I think there is some point like towards the beginning of the pandemic when like everybody was having really weird dreams. Did you hear about that?
SPEAKER_R: no. And I don't think I did. Did you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think so but you know I'm always having weird dreams but
SPEAKER_R: Are you?
SPEAKER_L: yeah for some reason maybe it's like my medication or something but I know like a lot of people that I talked to were like just having really vivid dreams and people thought maybe there was like a bigger picture thing or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Huh? That's interesting. I hadn't heard that.
SPEAKER_L: But I know like for me like I started dating a girl that works overnights around the time. Like I started going to school online and now it's like I get tired at like seven. a.m. And
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: associate
SPEAKER_R: you like switch
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: to her schedule?
SPEAKER_L: Um More or less like I'm trying to switch back but it's like like if I try to go to bed at midnight it seems like I'll just lay there for hours like not being tired and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: all bad. But I mean I don't have any real reason to be up at any given time. So it's because schools online, oh the only thing I'm worried about is like I tried to take a math class this semester and it was like, like it's just like not the kind of thing that I ever want to take online because it's like robots, great everything. So like if you make like once, you know, they just like give you like a zero and they don't explain like, you know, because I feel like if it's a teacher, like a human, they can look at it and be like, oh you basically had it right, you just did this one thing wrong. But when it's like a I they're like, oh no, you get a zero, like you didn't try. And so I was working for like a it was like, this is so hopefully, you know, I can go to school in person again someday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I didn't realize grading has progressed like that. That's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: A lot of things are just online these days, I think, look
SPEAKER_R: Are you taking any cool classes?
SPEAKER_L: um for some reason, I think I'm taking the most boring classes I've ever taken in my life. I'm taking like technical writing.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Oh, my opinion. I mean, it's easy.
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: It's like I'm good at writing, but it's like, I don't know, like I was like learning to write like an instruction manual the other week. Like I don't think I'll ever actually use this information.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you'd be surprised. People need you to take like right like there's always those like okay anything you do what if you get hit by a bus tomorrow, you know? Right. Have this documented somewhere? I guess It depends if maybe not as a psychologist
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: psychiatrist.
SPEAKER_L: what is that what's that painting behind you to the is it the right on?
SPEAKER_R: That's right. Mm. Those are so my husband's from Seattle and these are this is like the Seattle skyline and this is like the farmer's market. Like you know like if you see a picture of Seattle the big market,
SPEAKER_L: coca. It looks like like a psychedelic fish from here,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but Right.
SPEAKER_R: not like the coolest. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think we're at time now.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. Well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Have a good rest of your night. I hope you get some sleep.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. And good luck with your baby and everything and your
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: husband. All
SPEAKER_R: you. Okay
SPEAKER_L: right, you take care
SPEAKER_R: day.