Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Broken. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa,
can
you hear me?
I'm
okay. How are you?
yeah, I've done it one other time. Have you
Yeah, I waited yesterday. I was supposed to have one at five yesterday and I waited forever and no one ever showed up, so I'm glad to see that you did show up. Are you from Colorado?
I'm from Denver.
Um I live in Nebraska now.
nothing too great cards, but my parents live here. Yeah.
Um like near Cherry Creek. Um if you know where Congress Park is? Yeah, I grew up like a block from there.
Okay. So how is it under these days?
That makes sense to me
um For a while now um like I have moved back and forth my whole life. So it's kind of like a difficult question but I've been living here since like 2018 this time.
Um I'm going to school right now and then just doing mturk and prolific. Uh How about you?
What are you doing?
Do you do you have a background in that?
Um I am a community college right now planning to transfer so and then I'm one of major in psychology and then go to med
school. My ultimate goal is to become a psychiatrist.
Yeah, like eight years or something. But yeah,
it doesn't always feel real. Like, I feel like it's like the imposter syndrome or something. Like it's like, I don't know. I feel like I'm like lying when I say I want to go to med school or something. I don't know if it's because I started college late or what, but I look forward to like actually having some of that completed so I can feel more like genuine when I describe it, I'm just gonna grab
were
you?
are you still like focusing on that side of things? Like,
is that kind of like an HR thing? Okay,
okay, well that's interesting. So what's your experience with, like, do you have, do you do, I'm Turkey as well? We're just prolific.
I used to do mturk like full time um yeah, I feel like it's gotten like lessing like I feel like there's less stuff available now on there and it's like there's a lot more competition um and I'm not sure if that's just because I'm out of the habit because I feel, again, unless you sit there all day, you can get the impression that there's not a lot of work. So it's like I've been trying to get back into the routine more but I just mostly do em trick like casually now with prolific. Um I was working for happened for a while um
It's like a deals with machine learning where like they consult for like um bigger companies which you're like it's obvious who you're working for but like you're not allowed to talk about it. Like they just call them the client but I was like one of the major search engines and so they like have you do stuff like make searches and then like rate if like the ads are good or not or they'll have you like watch like Youtube ads and stuff. So that was interesting. I mean it was It was like it was a W2 position so it was like you're employed but it was totally from home and
it was it was okay but I don't know they're like they would have these like tests were like they would give you like normal work and you wouldn't know but it was like a blind evaluation um and ended up like failing one and they fired me like a week before christmas. So that was yeah kind of a letdown.
Yeah I mean it's like they're they just have like a rigorous standard of quality and if you don't meet it like. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah it was all that down but it was an interesting experience though.
Um I feel like I was just like Got like a really good schedule where I just like wake up at seven every day and just get on my laptop and just sit there till five. Um And I don't know if you're familiar with like hit catcher and hit finder and all those things. They're like extensions where it'll like constantly scan for new hits and then you can like sit there and watch it and like the second it gets posted and then hit catchers were like you can like have it like try to accept a hit. Like if the one that looked good but people already got it then if somebody like returns it it'll grab it for you. So those tools were helpful and I still use them a little bit. But I think the biggest thing was just like the rigorous self discipline and it is gotten super out of practice with that especially pandemic.
Yeah. It's wind blowing. Really.
Has your life been super affected?
That.
Little
Um
It is definitely allowing people to eat in side or is it just the videos thing?
Yeah. Well, I've heard that like eating, having eaten at a restaurant like doubles your chance of getting it.
Well, um, I think Nebraska is like one of the only states that never had like a shelter in place order. Yeah. And the governor here has just been doing a terrible job. It's um,
they're just starting to right now. They're supposed to be really bad. Like they're running out of hospital beds in Omaha, which I live in Lincoln, which is like the capital city, but it's not like, it's like 250,000 people. Omaha, the only big city we have here. But yeah, it's supposed to be getting bad again. All right.
And it just seems like most people here don't take it seriously and like they don't remarks and like, it's just like really infuriating. Oh,
Yeah. Yeah. It's really frustrating. Especially because it's like I don't want to like be so like divided and be like these people like, like I want to see like the worth of, but it seems like there's not very much worth to a side that's like actively endangering lives.
it's yeah. One thing I did see that was like a little comforting was apparently there was like an outbreak of cholera in Russia and like the 1800s And people did like the same thing where they thought it was like a conspiracy and they like refused to 19. And so that made me feel a little better to know, like at least it's not just like a super special thing about now. It's just maybe
like part of human nature,
it's terrible.
I do. Um Okay, I got a cat right now. Mhm Sealer
Okay. Yeah.
Um I play guitar. I
like, I like to run, that's probably my biggest hobby.
Yeah, I'm kind of
I like the effect more than anything.
Um No, I mean I'm just kind of I just started like running like last year and I was running on the treadmill. Um and now I'm no longer living at a place with a treadmill, so I've been like trying to run outside and I haven't really been that successful yet, but so it's like I run a little bit and then give up and walk, but hopefully one day I'll be able to like run a five K. Or something.
well definitely just like the like endorphins and stuff and like the antidepressant effect is super motivating in and of itself.
Well I just play guitar. I collaborate with my brother sometimes, uh He's 16, but he's really talented and puts out albums and stuff like once a month. So he is taking um he's actually the one that kind of got me into it, so I kinda, even though he's my younger brother, I kind of look up to him, you
can eat, he'll just sit there kind of all day, you know, working on stuff. What do you, what about you? What are your hobbies?
What?
did you like to like rate movies, like review them, that
kind of thing?
Well it sounds like probably pretty rewarding though.
Mhm.
Um I was I'm now I'm currently staying with my grandmother because she had surgery a little while ago and so I've been just kind of helping her.
Um Yeah my parents and siblings live in like one house across town and then my grandma lives here and then my other grandparents live in Colorado and I kind of lived with them a lot when I was younger.
They live in Crestone now. I don't know if you've heard of Crestone, but
yeah, they hate that. That's like the only reason because it's like obviously not good publicity. Um But yeah, that's the place and it's super like spiritual and like there's like a whole bunch of like different like religions and uh, like uh ways of life I guess.
Um yeah, actually I listened to some of that podcast. It was kind of interesting.
I mean, I feel like it's the kind of place where it's like, there's a lot of like really like upstanding people there, but like there's really no police, so like there's all, yeah, like the police, like there's like a sheriff, but they don't really patrol or anything pretty much do whatever you want. And I feel like that has attracted some like people that don't have an interest in following the law.
they're not, they're more like and I mean I guess I don't think of them as religious, but they're like definitely like very serious about meditation and stuff. Um
Yeah, so I've kind of like had that like as a background which is um my parents are catholic which is a whole other, but um
yeah, do you come from like a religious background?
I am sometimes wish I could just like abandon my family and moved to a different country. I feel like I feel really lost. Uh huh.
Yeah, for sure. Well I definitely think some people are better in small doses and I feel like the longer I live with someone, like the more I noticed there like faults.
Yeah, I've experienced some of that. Oh
um I'm probably like one of the Norwegian countries. Mhm
I think Sweden seems a little questionable based on how they pandemic, but I don't know Norway or something, would you ever
consider leaving?
that makes sense.
Honestly.
Yeah. Yeah. I saw like this thing in my development class the other day that was like a showing like what the maternity benefits are for like every country and like other developed nation, they give you paid time off for like months and and here it's like a few weeks unpaid. Uh huh
Yeah. I think that money you kind of like takes like a higher presidents than human life here unfortunately.
And it seems like most like younger people like agree with that. So I'm hoping that like over like my life I'm like eventually people that don't have horrible ideals will be in charge dimension.
Um Well I mean I don't know it's kinda but it's just really depressing but I guess all you can do is have hope.
Well I think we've got like two more minutes.
What?
Um Not really, it's kind of since I can't really leave the house there is kind of like little meaning to weekend or weekday.
Yeah. Is your sleep schedule kind of got messed up?
Did you ever like um I think there is some point like towards the beginning of the pandemic when like everybody was having really weird dreams. Did you hear about that?
Um I think so but you know I'm always having weird dreams but
yeah for some reason maybe it's like my medication or something but I know like a lot of people that I talked to were like just having really vivid dreams and people thought maybe there was like a bigger picture thing or something.
But I know like for me like I started dating a girl that works overnights around the time. Like I started going to school online and now it's like I get tired at like seven. a.m. And
and
associate
that.
Um More or less like I'm trying to switch back but it's like like if I try to go to bed at midnight it seems like I'll just lay there for hours like not being tired and
it's
all bad. But I mean I don't have any real reason to be up at any given time. So it's because schools online, oh the only thing I'm worried about is like I tried to take a math class this semester and it was like, like it's just like not the kind of thing that I ever want to take online because it's like robots, great everything. So like if you make like once, you know, they just like give you like a zero and they don't explain like, you know, because I feel like if it's a teacher, like a human, they can look at it and be like, oh you basically had it right, you just did this one thing wrong. But when it's like a I they're like, oh no, you get a zero, like you didn't try. And so I was working for like a it was like, this is so hopefully, you know, I can go to school in person again someday.
A lot of things are just online these days, I think, look
um for some reason, I think I'm taking the most boring classes I've ever taken in my life. I'm taking like technical writing.
All right. Oh, my opinion. I mean, it's easy.
It's like I'm good at writing, but it's like, I don't know, like I was like learning to write like an instruction manual the other week. Like I don't think I'll ever actually use this information.
So
what is that what's that painting behind you to the is it the right on?
coca. It looks like like a psychedelic fish from here,
but Right.
Okay.
Well, I think we're at time now.
Yeah. You too. Uh huh.
Thank you. And good luck with your baby and everything and your
husband. All
right, you take care