How
are you?
Yeah, can you hear me? How
are you?
Good. Have you done one of these people?
No I haven't. This is my first one. Yeah.
Um Yeah I live here now. Yeah. Yeah.
Well. Oh nice. I'm in Denver, are you do you live here now?
Oh what's in Nebraska? All
Yes. Where in Denver did you live?
Nice. That's awesome. I live in Park Hill.
It's good, it's growing so fast like traffic is horrible. Um Yeah people are just I mean housing is like insane. Um Yeah, it's just growing too fast.
Yeah. Yeah. How long have you lived in Nebraska?
Okay thanks to work. Or do you go to school?
Um I work um I just got a new job, I started like three weeks ago, something like that. So
um I work at a real estate company for their corporate office, it's going well so far.
Um I don't so I used to do so I um was in corporate America for a really long time and then I quit and we travelled for a year and then I came back and it didn't like go back to real work for a little while and then I had a baby and then I did end up going back to a real job. So. Yeah but I so I was a consultant before this and I had never had a real estate client before so it's all the terminology and stuff like that is all brand new stuff that I'm learning. So it's a lot. What are you studying
Jonas?
Nice. I studied psych too and I did I o psychology like business psych. Um That's awesome. Med school takes a really long time. Right?
Yeah.
You mentioned yeah you might change
your
mind to yeah I started in psych without any idea like what I wanted to do with it and just kind of when I took things as they came.
Yeah, so right now I'm doing um employee surveys, that's what I used to do consulting for. Um and so we do employee surveys and then my company has a bunch of real estate agents and I do their surveys to like satisfaction surveys mostly.
that's kind of what I owe Zika's, it's like um yeah, like basically like hR stuff like employee engagement and you can go lots of different directions. I kind of want the employee engagement direction.
I used to I haven't done entering in a really long time. I did that, I haven't even looked at it recently. But um yeah, I do prolific and then I do um user testing. Do you do a lot of stuff?
I don't know that one
thanks.
wow, it was just like you fucked up one time and they're like you're out.
that sucks.
So when you did mturk full time did you like figure out a way to game the system a little bit like, I don't know, I can't imagine doing that all the time,
Yeah. What a world?
Yeah. Well that's awesome. Oh
okay. Um Kind of, so my husband works at a restaurant and so that was just like craziness at first and then they had to like so I don't know if they're doing it everywhere but they started giving out permits for to make patios here and so they build
their own patio off of like a um like a parking lot and it's like a fancy restaurant. So they had to like I don't know and then they had him doing like construction, he was literally like you tubing, how to do plumbing and shit like that like yeah because they don't pay anyone but they were trying they were trying to be nice and like have people like do deep cleaning and like come do stuff um when they were closed. So he was like doing that and we at that time we had a two month old baby so
it was like insane, luckily we didn't have to give birth during the pandemic cause I've heard that that's just terrible. But um yeah so then they the restaurants bounce back for a while, he was there doing like every other day shifts. Um But probably the last couple of months they're doing well again. Uh huh.
Um
You can't eat inside. There's all these rules like their tables, they have to literally measure the tables apart from each other and you can't like touch tables when as a guest or anything like that, so they're being fairly careful most people. Um Yeah whenever I go places I try and sit outside,
I know it's so scary and he's there every day like it's so scary, he's been getting tested like every other week for the most part. So I feel okay. But so they started recently allowing people to have parties again and so they're supposed to have a max but they people show up and they're nice to them and so they let them take up like three tables in a room and then people get drunk and they start like talking to each other, talking to strangers or whatever. And so like after a while my husband and his co workers will be like, we're not working this party anymore. Like this is dangerous. I don't know. It's there.
Have the case has been really high?
I don't know.
Yeah. I grew up in the south and it's, I mean talking to my family is just like they don't, you know, half of them don't believe that it's even a thing and like it's the government is, the politicians are doing this so we don't vote and that kind of stuff. So I don't go crazy people.
right. Yeah. I read a study that if people actually would have locked down the, it would have been eradicated in the US in like two or three weeks. And since people just are refusing to do it, it's just, it's insane. So
It's
Yeah. Yeah. Or not about americans. We're like the joke of the world right now. It's ridiculous.
My doctors came in here. Do you have pets?
Oh yeah. Lab mix. Right.
Mm hmm. What do you do for like hobbies?
Thanks.
He likes to run, man. I hate running.
I like,
yeah, I've tried to get into it. I just can't. That's awesome. Duty. Like marathons.
Okay. Should you, there's like that couch to five K. People like that. You should do like a program that will motivate you.
Yeah, for sure. That's awesome. Um Are you like in a band or you just play guitar by yourself?
That's
Oh my God, I just have a nine month old. I want to do
anything. Um No, I used to really like to travel. Um well I used to do, they used to be in the movies, used to go to like um screening some movies like before they came out. Um
I
never really did that. I think you're supposed to like at least you're supposed to like spread the word when you went to those screenings. But I never really did much of that. Um I don't know it was what I used to do. I don't know it seems like a million years ago. It's crazy having a baby. It is crazy and minds not like the easiest baby in the world and it just takes well right now. It's crazy too because we don't well we don't want to get a nanny or somebody we don't know in our house like spreading dreams or spreading dreams to them. Um So we're just like taking turns like I work in the mornings and he watches the baby and then he goes to work and then I watch the baby and so it's like literally we are either working or watching the baby or sleeping all the time. It's crazy.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's I mean like yeah, it's the best and so crazy. Mhm.
Um So do you live with your parents now?
No, that's nice. Does a lot of your family live in the same area?
All right.
Yeah. Isn't that like they did a podcast thing there about a girl that went missing or something? Isn't that that place?
Yeah. Um Yeah, I I have a friend who went to some like buddhist training thing there. I'm not really sure.
Yeah, I started I didn't finish it, but crazy.
Oh that's unfortunate. My grandparents really religious.
That's cool.
Yeah, that's cool though.
Um I grew up that way and then um like methodist christian um Further yeah, until I was like 16 or 17, it was like a big thing to my parents and then went a different way. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool that you live by your family though. I haven't, my family lives in texas and like all of my family for the most part lives either, they're like in the south and I don't have any family anymore. I used to live in Chicago, I went to grad school in Chicago and then I moved here, so I haven't lived near my family for like 10 years now, probably it's okay frozen cotton's, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, it was, well I'm glad that I moved for school because it made like it kind of forced me to make my own community of people. Um so that was really great. But um yeah, I don't know, I mean sometimes I really wish that I still live near my family and then I spend a day with them and like, oh my God, we're all going to murder each other. I can't be around you people anymore. So frozen guys.
totally. Yeah, that's why they tell you not to like live with your best friend in college because they all hate each other.
What country would you move to if you had to leave?
they're happy there. Yeah.
europe.
Yeah. I would love to, I wish it was easier to like actually move, like become a, I don't know, like a citizen or green card or whatever other countries have. Um, it's just, it seems so hard. Like we just went to New Zealand a couple years ago and it's amazing there. Um, it's kind of expensive to live there I think. But um like I would move there in a heartbeat if I could, but I feel like you have to really either have a lot of money and like prove that you can sustain yourself or get sponsored by a company to have to move somewhere.
It's like not, I mean people, those people who are like, if you don't like it or just leave and it's like, it's not that easy and also you're the same people who don't want people to come here. Like it's just not, you can't just be like, oh I want to move to a different country and live there forever. It's just not that easy.
Europe is so different than here. I had a, I had an exchange student in high school, she was from Germany um and so we've kept up over the years and like the things that she says to me when the pandemic started, they have a son who's like to, and so she was like it's so hard trying to work and watch the watch the baby. So my husband and I work every other day, I'm like oh that must be that is your company just lets you work every other day while you watch your kids, it's just so different like here it's so focused on work, work work and if they feel like they're in europe, most places they have a lot of like work life balance I guess.
we're the work, I mean it's horrible. They need to go back to work after six weeks and after having just had a baby six weeks after you are in no position yourself to be like healthy enough to do anything and you also should not be leaving your child at that young of age. I mean it's just insane.
Yeah, totally. Yeah, I agree.
Yeah, I think so too. I have hope for the new generation.
Yeah, definitely. I mean what else you gonna do it right.
All right. Do
you have any plans this weekend?
Yeah, I know. I work from home, my company um the whole company as a remote, we have, we have this weird like second life office world thing where like you have a little avatar and you like go to people's offices, like have meetings and go to conference rooms. It's really strange but so I don't even have to be on video conference like at all. And so I literally like never leave my house. I don't usually get dressed like there's no, there's no meaning to tie him anymore,
it's horrible. Yeah, my daughter is not a good sleeper. Um Yeah we're working on it so Yeah my husband, I usually like take turns. I usually get like a full night's sleep every other night or so. Yeah.
no. And I don't think I did. Did you?
Are you?
Yeah. Huh? That's interesting. I hadn't heard that.
So
did
you like switch
to her schedule?
Yeah. That's
rough.
Yeah. I didn't realize grading has progressed like that. That's interesting.
Are you taking any cool classes?
Oh that's interesting.
Two.
Yeah. Well you'd be surprised. People need you to take like right like there's always those like okay anything you do what if you get hit by a bus tomorrow, you know? Right. Have this documented somewhere? I guess It depends if maybe not as a psychologist
psychiatrist.
That's right. Mm. Those are so my husband's from Seattle and these are this is like the Seattle skyline and this is like the farmer's market. Like you know like if you see a picture of Seattle the big market,
it's
not like the coolest. Yes.
Yeah,
awesome. Well it was nice talking to you.
Have a good rest of your night. I hope you get some sleep.
Thank
you. Okay
day.