Can you hear me? Oh, I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
So what's up?
Um you know, I was just doing one of those studies
on
a cupid and how you feel
about it
and I'm telling you what it kind of brought a few feelings up because you know 11 of the questions was, do you think are everything will fall apart in the next six months and that's kind of a question that you kind of freak out a little bit, you know what I mean? I'm sorry.
I have been home so much and you know, I have a compromised immune system so I mean I'm gloved up and have the mask on and scared to death every time I walk out the door. Uh anyway,
so where
are you from? Yeah,
Yes,
I'm dover Delaware. Yeah.
Own style. So
some human
now
what wow,
freshman in college, who now are you studying at home? Are you going to college? I mean going into buildings?
fine.
that, well, that's good. That's good.
yeah, I have a cat, have a big fat cat and I mean when I get a little lonely or something,
I
pick up the
cat and she hates it. But I, you know, he gets what you haven't met for, you want to spend time with half. Uh huh Mhm
The student,
come
on.
dear, you're allergic to both. Oh, wow.
And
I don't know if
I could do that,
and that's it.
Your
confidence
of
reaching
That
I
just
Fashion. That's cool. So you have your own apartment, huh?
Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. Well, I'm I'm like, I'm an oldie, but I tell you what it's just watching things happen I guess I should get off that subject. That's a bad subject. You know the election and everything else is just making me crazy. It's like you turn on the news and you don't want to you know I used to like watching it at least the 1st 10 minutes of the news now. Forget it. I mean it's so stressful watching the news and seeing what's going on. It's terrible. Kind of.
Why?
Yeah
son.
Yeah.
What?
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well go ahead and you talk tomorrow I'll listen and,
yeah
and charge
chief.
Spot.
What?
What? Right. You know I never thought I would but I started a class with on that course Aena that's that website with education and I started an I. T. Certificate class. Yeah
well I thought I'm just sitting here doing nothing. You
know education is good and constantly
learning
throughout your life as you know that's what keeps you young. Yeah I could just get outside more. I've gained probably £30 eating everything in the house. You know I'm making my daughter's making cakes and we're getting cookies and I told her we're going to have to start doing some exercise man. She can make a good cake.
Well
that's that's a big one spending time with your family.
What
you're right
I'll come on
trouble. Football star.
great.
I'll have to help
stop
and think.
Well
what?
Mustard?
Walking.
Hi.
what?
Hi.
something happened
that's you
there you are sorry about that.
It's we've had really rotten weather today. It's like really it looks dark outside like nighttime, choose.
All
look
at
that
gina.
so
you you have snow?
okay yeah let's say man, no snow, not yet. I'm not ready. I am not ready. You know I got to go out and get some salt. Thank you for reminding me I gotta go to loads and pick up a bag of salt before we get hit with snow. But I think probably will make it through to december probably right before christmas it'll snow. Yeah.
That's
neat.
Uh
come
on. Yeah.
some
text some things that were
oh I love horseback riding. I haven't been no during this but I've been out and solid couple horses and my daughter, I spent a lot of time with her. She's she's turned out to be a
really great person you know but and watching her grow up has been wonderful. So her and I have been
doing
stuff
because
you know, I don't we don't want to be around anybody else and get sick because sometimes it seems like you go places and nobody is wearing a mask and she's ready to run the other way. You know, you're gonna mask on your fine. But you know, I love spending time with her here lately. We've been watching movies
together
and stuff like that. It's really
good thing.
It's fun. Us closer
and what do you do? You just say you spend time with your family?
No.
What?
So you're taking some of both of them
classes for both?
So you're a freshman, you've got plenty of time to decide, right?
Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That's good though. So when you you say you're gonna be a nutritionist. Perfect.
Thank you.
Hi.
So
before,
before you were saying that you would like to write, what do you like to write? I mean is it like novels
or?
Yeah.
You know, I think I'd like to read Stephen King, you know the scary dude, I'm telling you what, it's like what happened to this guy's mind, some of the stuff he writes about us like crazy, but I've always wanted to write something. But you know, I get when I start writing it seems like I I start getting off track and I put too many ants eyes and all that in there. But
you know, it's funny because I read his books and you know, at first you're just reading, getting to know the book
and then
he pops up money and scared you
to death you know I can't read those books at nighttime but it would be cool to be able to write stuff like that. But that he's written a lot of books. Yeah.
What
now?
you know my daughter I got her started reading really young too
and I mean it's
great
because you transform transformed you and it takes
you
away
and next
thing you know you could be
somewhere
else on mars or something you know? But I just love so I try started reading like manuals and I was reading
something about Egypt
and and the hierarchical effects and stuff
and you know that was pretty neat. I got to a point where I didn't understand it but it was pretty neat to get started on that you know it's just I love to read too. I love it.
The worst
drama
that I like to read. Um you know, I go into the library, it just reopened to and I go, and I see all they have this whole area where it's new books and I'll look at all the new books and most of the time I like to pick one of them just to, you know, open your mind some books. I don't know why I picked him up and
they've been the best
books I've ever read, you know? But I I don't, I like reading history. I really like history. I like uh firm Michael, she's the one that, you know, she's a roommates novelist, read some of hers. Um I read stuff about Delaware, you
know,
about
what's going on in Delaware since we were, you know, like the first state I read about like the guy who sees a Romney who had a lot to do with the, you know, getting the guys together to sign the Declaration of Independence.
You know, all that stuff. I thought it would for me, but it was very exciting. You know, I'm really sorry. I mean, next thing you know, I'm turning the page and wait a minute, wait a minute, I need more. So now I go to the library and they have a whole room. That's nothing but books about Delaware. Pretty interesting. Yeah.
okay.
Well, you know, I never told you my name. My name is Bernice.
Pleasure to meet you too.
Two.
yeah.
Well, you know all those ideas you get, you can make sure you keep a pad and a pen behind beside
your bed.
And that way, if you wake up and you have one, you can write it down
or you know, in that way it won't get away from you. My mom always taught me that little trick. You get works too. If you get really anxious and stuff and you can't
sleep, you can make like a list of
what's on your mind
and it'll help you to sleep. What does mean I mean she's she's a wise
woman
but aren't most mothers? Yeah.
All right. Well, it looks like our time is up.
It's been a pleasure talking with you.
That's bye bye
you too.