I'll do that next time. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, Okay. The N word Mhm. And it's not even with the Institute of America. Okay, I think that's what elections, That's right. Mhm Okay, so you get, if you can
Oh you're fine. Oh,
never much kind of ways to make sure I was on this call with uh way.
thank
you.
but
you know.
Well, I just try to focus on myself and not worry about what's like my extreme world. It's like what we focus on the things, I can't control all the things, I can't control the type of things, so that's what I try to do. So I won't have my anxiety more active, we'll get the best uh just like, oh my gosh, I can, you know, kind of good.
What?
Oklahoma
born and raised so yeah, I
made to you so.
Yes,
during this time I just mainly focused
on my school studies on a freshman
in college right now, so
Mhm,
um I'm studying at home, but even regardless of the situation, I still would have studied out, so it worked out in my favor anyway, and I feel like more comfortable in the, I
feel like this more manageable for me uh much easier, so it works for me, okay,
yeah, so I'm just yeah just keeping myself occupied wherever I can. Uh yeah, I'm just taking the time to better myself and implement new habits, so. Yeah,
Thinking
about
that,
yeah,
I'm allergic to cats
and
dogs, so I can't,
I think
my hand itch and uh those it's all stuffy and yeah
well
locally, you know maybe in the future but decided to uh live in my own apartment or whatever,
okay, my parent now so I can make it like a high powered dream dog, maybe I might do in the future. Yeah, you know, despite all the level issues I have
that
is still manage due
to
uh you know all the time. We live in like uh for instance, I have a little analogy and I'm also lactose intolerant so I can take a look at this bill and I want ice cream, you know, there are no free auctions
available, so you know,
I
just manage because you want to do,
yeah, I'm living with the mother right now, so yeah, uh
it's just once you need to focus on the stage and I worry about builds and all that, so just that's what focus
you know, I just kind of stuff, I just think when I was like I just tried to watch the news because it was just
something that was on, it was just there, you know? Mhm
like watches relief, anything like uh
other than the weather reports really? Uh just
it's not necessarily like care
what was going on in the world just I was just being a kid, you know, it's just right off, I don't think uh
I'm just yeah, learning, I'm just taking the time to learn more about myself. Uh Mhm. Yeah, trying
to like get my business
started
established while in school uh because I'm only taking like two classes that
time and they're eight weeks, so
formerly a schedule when I'm like taking all my classes and I gave my work early and then have my business going. Yeah.
Yeah.
no.
you must
remember.
You know,
yeah, that's good going on something you can and spend time with family. Yeah.
That's angry. Yeah,
mm hmm. It's been more or less focused on the whole thing. It means some people here and there, you know, I
haven't really quite established
any
college relationships yet because you know, all virtual,
I recently joined
some
clubs,
one
club actually one I'm still waiting
to hear back from the other. I
want to. But yeah, so I had my first meeting yesterday and I feel like it went well and I liked
it. So I would probably say with that club, it's the
philosophy club. Actually I in high school I took a philosophy, a philosophy
class and that's why I had
it. Fuck too. So I've just kind of always been fascinated with the human mind and like the complexities and and like you know.
Yeah. Oh it's not good care
of me
you find.
had a little, I start coming through and
it like messed up all the trees, it's like it was an ice storm so it was like all the
water
and my eyes
just broke up the branches just we have so many dead branches, they're all in the roads and kind
of like yeah, so really pretty bad
but
Oh well it was not really considered snows, like more or less sleep ish.
weather is unpredictable
so
protect my best predictable sometimes. Yeah, we
get snow in May and hot summer days in the summer, you never know what you're gonna get your
here.
um uh I don't know uh So what are some things you join doing during your free time, you know
just
you enjoy doing during your free time?
Call.
What
time
is
it?
I'm
tired.
the
thing.
Thank you. Mhm.
Yeah. Yes, I do whatever I can, I just actually go uh during my free time, I I enjoy writing and reading books, I'm trying to re teach myself how to do things that the passage as you learn how to play the piano. I took an engineering class in eighth grade and briefly had even over how the code. So I've been trying to uh figure out ways have a code and stuff and if I wanted to fill that route and my uh actually take a uh get associates degree in, you know, uh
cyber security, this is the thing I'm interested in, I don't know because right now my going toward the direction of getting a degree in health because I was considering being the nutritionist or dietitian. So I don't know, I'm just like suede between those two. So
right now I'm just taking all the basic classes that need to get those credits and then you can set up my hands and figure out what else to do. Uh Yeah.
that's
planning on doing. Yes. So I'm just taking all the basics, all the credits that I need uh take whatever courses they required for that degrees. Yes. This one day.
Yes. Yeah.
either or I haven't quite decided and I was kind of leaning towards, you know, coding
cybersecurity because I was also thinking that it's a profession where it's going to be long term regardless of what happens, you know, because you know what people have jobs and stuff. Uh huh It's just also since everyone's like more like online, excuse me online now, I was thinking about how many people were getting hat, how many people, you know, are kind of like getting, you know, just getting there, you know, identity store and uh people are still in many other bank accounts, you know, it just seems like everything is spiritual, people are paying with cards to truly, you know, all that I was kind of waiting towards that also. So I'm just I
have ideas and goals for the so I don't
know like
I do.
Thank
you. I mean, oh,
I normally write poetry actually, I've been writing poetry for about five years now, starting in the eighth grade and ever story while I if any story really was like short stories here and there. But mainly my writing was towards poetry or this free writings, which are only things I write about. Uh yeah, I was thinking about it, but the thing is how my mind as I just have like so many ideas about so many things, it's just kind of organizer I guess I'm getting together and establish yeah, I don't know.
United.
Come
on
with
I haven't actually sat down and read his novels, watched probably like a movie or a couple of movements of his uh they start his problems like more specifically that every thing I watched the old one and anyone that came out uh Yeah, but you know, I wasn't always that great writing poetry. Um I just I had developed those skills, you know, I just kind of was free writing and then over time, you know, I was like reading also reading like oh it's work. Uh I don't know if you've ever heard the rumble by Ellen Hopkins? Uh Sorry, it was serious, but uh it's called Crank, I've
never heard. No.
Uh But yeah, so there's just their books where it's just comprised the homes that make the story basically. So it's just literally all poems, but all the mums go together to make the story. So I like reading books like that every now and then. Uh huh. Yeah, I've always been an avid reader since I was maybe. Yeah. Bye. Can you go and pre k reading logs were just filled up all the way to the bottom uh front and backs,
what
happened last
night?
and then
the
rest of the doctor
making,
you
know?
I
think
relax.
So many things uh Yeah, totally awesome. Trying. Okay, anyway, so where are some things that, oh what are your favorite draw? Talk about?
What's your favorite genres? Do you enjoy reading genres?
Like uh topics are books certain where the main types of books and reading um
What
happened?
Make
it happen,
just.
Thank you.
My parents never forced me to read actually growing up, so I just always, that was like my go to uh that's the last thing, you know? Uh Any time like I got in trouble and like all my electronics are stripped away and stuff and I just kind of like and I was stuck to my room and just reading my books. You know, I'm like, you can take everything away as all the time, my books and I'm happy to detect. Uh,
okay. Yeah,
yeah. You either. I'm Brianna as pleasure making.
Yeah. I just, I love reading so much. Uh,
yeah, I love reading as much as I love watching shows and movies. It's just, I have a interest in the arts in general actually. Um, I was a dancer before I was younger. I danced for about four years or so. Yeah, yeah. I took a little time, but I want to count down. Oh, so, uh,
yeah, I have some experience. And then I went back to dancing and my freshman year of high school, I did color guard for a little bit, you know, for a whole year. Sorry. Uh, so stan see, I was also an orchestra and then four years, four years I took orchestra for years. And I played the violin. I 25 minutes. Uh Yeah, I play the violin and the sixth grade fifth grade played by with the sixth grade trumpet. So yeah, I was just and also when I was little I took some piano lessons too. I'm like trying to teach myself how to be able to get because you know, I don't know, I have like this prayer side of like a whole bunch of ideas and I guess I'm just get away overwhelmed with like so many ideas. Sometimes it's hard to keep up with. So I'm like, I don't know. But I feel like once I, you know, figure out what to do and how I want to help people and uh the world and I'm away, I can really change people's lives and stuff,
Tell me
what
I mean,
All
Help
me.
Popular
nightclub here.
People
All right. I need
you to,
Yeah. Okay. Good day.