Okay.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Okay. Hello?
I can't see
anything. I see a blank screen that says you can't fight.
All right. That's good. All right. How are you?
pretty pretty good myself. Mhm. Look, yeah.
Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Every five minutes. Yeah. Great. Great. Um
Mhm.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh
there. How are you? I've
been
finally
good.
I was very suspenseful. It was a good, it worked. Okay. two.
Is
this
the first
I mean my guess was that like maybe something over it like because that's what I do like at all times like usually.
It wasn't all it wasn't yeah, it was all plus one more permission that turns out. So have you ever done this before? This this this task?
Did the person that the person show up for now?
Yeah. It's not too bad. Do you do a lot of work on this website?
I kind of like the more you do the more um
and pounds pounds $2. I don't know if you're in the U. S. But that's a pretty good conversion. So that's
plus.
Yeah. Yeah it's
not
bad
is it?
Now I got to ask do you have the browser extension?
should totally.
Oh well yeah see I I don't
do that
fire
I hear you. It helps out a lot if you just leave it on the background because then you can just uh it will notify you so you can just do your thing and then it will like something will go off like you have to serve it and that's pretty good. That helps
to have
a lot more I think. Uh Do you do any other websites and just this that already asked that?
just deleted
that
one.
that's a good
deal.
They
have,
yeah, nothing else is worth it. As far as surveys, it's like every two questions. It's like, just kicks you out of the survey
before you'll
get like,
just like the same question five times and yeah, and then eventually just kick you out and then sometimes you get like all the way done and will kick you out. And I was like, no,
no way.
I did one and they all went away. They didn't want my thoughts look like
that. I got over it is what it is. I just do. Um, Do you do amazon amazon mturk
and
It's,
it's pretty low paying. Just when, when covid started, they slashed the overtime. So I was like, all right. I'm gonna do what I can to make a lot more and so it's actually worked out pretty good between, you know, Turkey and prolific. I can pretty much make some of my overtime and uh yeah, I don't know.
It's
out
there.
Yeah, it sucks some of some of the time I just do what I want to do and I do like really good surveys that pay better than your average whatever. So I'm pretty
picky.
But
yeah. Yeah, that's why I just I literally deleted swag bucks today. I was like, I'm done, I'm no more with, there's nothing there
for me,
believe.
All
It
feels.
Yeah, I think I got like $3 back on some detergent and uh some I think uh like a nasal
spray.
Yeah. But then I felt like I was going down on my way to like buy stuff. I didn't I don't know maybe I needed, maybe it didn't. So
it's like
I'd rather just do academic stuff like this one's been good. Better up mm better up. All right. Um Yeah. So
what
else
is new?
I'm in um Rhode island. And you?
Oh Georgia I my car one side in Georgia, yep. Driving to
florida.
Lot of cheese in the house and I heard that I'm meeting to get there.
Too
much
set up. Yeah
that's that's what I say right around now. Every day For like
the next
five
months.
Oh it's got to be
hot
Janet Georgia though, it's too hot. It's that's
too hot.
That sounds good
though.
Pop out.
lot
of
humidity sounds like swampy and kind of
not
better.
Do you guys
know
do you get any smell at all?
Yeah. Well snow snow is all right when you get snow days you know? But I imagine Wisconsin they're pretty used to that. They have it like you
never
get
it.
No,
everyone's
got a truck. I don't. Yeah.
is. Shoot that's kind of my fantasy to drive out live out there where it's you know, a little less expensive but a little more snow. But then I forget about the snow
and how knowing that probably is every day all the time. That that's all. Yeah.
Yeah. You can't you can't
you know. Yeah, totally.
And
that's not even comparable but I will blow any lawn all day then shovel. I don't although I don't mind. Troubling. Troubling is just fun. I don't know it's a good workout. But again
I don't
it is rob. It is rough but I don't mind it.
True.
What?
No I don't mess with negative anything. I think
we're
going
around
no
narrator Right around 20°.. I just that's it. So I'm done. It's too cold. It's time to stay inside for okay.
Now
32 right around like 32 am I right? And then 20 hits and it's no it's all over. I'm not happy about anything for a while.
but we have beaches. You don't have beaches in Wisconsin. You must have beaches in Georgia. Right. I mean to Oh
there
help
with
him.
Did you go to that isn't nice? Is that little beach part of the river lake?
It's
great.
Well
is
it
is it is it salt lake or water like?
good.
Uh huh Uh huh. Not a fan, not a fan of swordfish.
Now
I
don't
Now I'm curious, although it's freshwater fish, I don't really mess with freshwater fish, trout I think is about the only kind of fresh water
I
thought
well
out of
that car.
Never had good to know. I'm going to try some car, throwing some car from the menu. It's usually like pollock
or had.
Uh yeah, got all right now we're talking.
I
always have
I was like carpet, wasn't that like, okay, all right now we know that we know.
they're
pretty, Yeah, you just leave him, just take them home and put them in the, in the, you know, aquarium.
What
are
you?
Oh, I don't know. Maybe they're delicious. Maybe I want to eat core. That's what's missing in my life. I don't know.
Now
I got shroud but just a pretty trout that you don't want to eat. Yeah. That would just be depressed as I'm eating this gorgeous. Uh Yeah, that's a weird, we got on a weird topic that
Yeah. Yeah. Kind of cheating too. I mean, anyways, um cause delicious. So I like the actual card. That stuff is good.
Big
Fan.
Saltwater, anything Salt one.
Mm That sounds
delicious,
crab go for some of that.
I'm
Okay with it.
Mm Sounds like a clam bake. Something we would have up here, you know, with more seafood, like egg clams take out the shrunk and some corn and some potatoes and some lobster and some muscles, little legs somehow. That's other kind of client lot of seafood ever Island, definitely a lot of seafood around here. Mhm.
So he's out there, never go hungry around here. Okay, mm.
I like going hiking, like going outside, anything outside hiking biking. I love traveling until all this started and now I can't really go places. Uh
Kind of, I did make it to mount Washington, so I was happy about that.
Oh, that's very nice. Uh that
shoot
nice getting used to the inside. Look, I'm like just been fixing up all my old like Sega genesis and Nintendo. Super Nintendo, some of the old stuff, I have like no patience for it anymore. I feel like I've just moved on and I can't
do you
do
that?
that
there's
no glitches, I
mean,
I
I just like, I've been kind of like retro kick and just been playing things that remind me of but it wasn't so weird and um watching like like old nineties movies and just going back to a happier time, so that's kind of I'll do that for about an hour, kind of forget about things.
I can't do it for too long. I just I'm not I've always got something to do. I kind of pushed myself to do things always right, maybe it's self inflicted.
Now
no,
that's
just
like
what?
I usually have a list and then as soon as I'm done the list that is like another list and then
just
repeat
and I like to list,
you
get used
to
the way
as
long
as I
do, as long as the divide everything on that list by like give me a break in between everything like every five minutes and we're good. Everything on that list will get done. But I need I need procrastination plan and it's way easier when I can write it out.
But sometimes I think like, I don't know, I'm you know, I'm very devil's advocate so I'm like maybe I shouldn't have a list. I don't know. I think productivity would go down.
Which
I'm gonna do.
So
it's not the list, right? Yeah. At some point you can't it's not the list fall. I react to a list that way you're right, That's a very good introspective, right? That's pretty deep. Okay.
I don't
know
what
I'll put it for another day.
But
I feel like there's just so many things that's like then the next day you're just going to have more to do and less time to do it. Like sometimes it's just,
you
know what I mean? Sometimes it's not optional. Sometimes it's just I mean it is optional
that we all
and
we definitely learned the routine without this is like a routine life because I'm working from home now so it's like kind of cool, kind of different. Uh huh. Still not 100 don't have a choice.
We
didn't
help
the
situation.
But
Yeah it seems like, but I'm staying here, it was frustrating at first but now I'm pretty used to it. I was surprised how easy it was to switch to just working from home. Like there's a few things at all I miss about the office, but for the most part it's been pretty easy. I don't think they expect us back any time soon. It sounds like everything is escalating again and getting weird.
No,
I've
interesting
time.
What do you think before or after christmas do we get a vaccine
dr
Big
step.
I'm
And then there's
the time
by the
time I
get everyone else. Yeah, that'll be like, what, 20, at that point realistically, I mean, maybe people in nursing homes by the end of 21
what? And then maybe it won't. Maybe God, who knows? The weird thing to think about.
Thank
you.
Why
stop?
But
18 months
they say. Right. So that's usually how long it takes. So
All
No.
Yeah, that's a while. So that's earth it will be a whole lot of really. All right.
I want.
But it's like the whole it's like the whole world like is in the same boat. So I feel like no matter how many mass everyone was wearing, we were, you know,
I mean.
But
What?
It's
because
it's like
there,
but when you're
on an island it's easy to be like, yeah, we're good
now.
that's
kind of cheating. But yeah, you can't get the
world to do if we could get
the world
to
agree.
Well, that's huge. That's a big we're talking size now violent. I mean,
I mean, yeah. All right.
Ireland
like
islands going back to square one there in full. No one goes anywhere for anything now.
So that
would
be,
yeah. I will say we will see which work. It was a pleasure talking to you. But