Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. Okay.
Hi, can you see me?
I think.
huh. Hm. Normally it just comes
Yeah, I am good. How about you?
Mm Yeah.
Cool.
Come on camera. Mhm. This is so weird. My camera worked just fine a while ago. Mm hmm. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. That's not the right one.
Mm.
There we go. Okay.
I'm
good.
Haven't you? I can
finally get my camera working.
And I
mean like
my camera
was the last time. So I'm like, why not now.
Oh no, definitely wasn't anything over it. And like the weird thing is like allowed permissions for my camera and my microphone and it's like yeah you've got your permissions. And I'm like, okay, so why isn't it showing? And then I looked at the thing and it's like another thing that was like allow audio and video and I'm like yes. Like I said yes before.
Once I have done it once before. So
they did, that was pretty nice.
Honestly, not too much because I've just recently started with it. I mean like, I think, I think I started really doing it in the past maybe two weeks or so. Yeah,
it adds up pretty quickly too. So yeah.
I mean like a converted
five and I got like, what? I think $9 and we're like, okay, this is nice
and
I'll
have you
answer some questions. Okay.
I do not. Mostly
because I do it while I'm at work,
I get
enough signal at work to do
it. So
What's
that?
Mm I do swag books, but I'm not, I'm not as big as swag bucks as I used to be. Uh mostly
because
like
ever since Covid started, they haven't had any really, really, really good offers. So I haven't really been working with it most of the time. I'm just like downloading the mobile apps and then doing the games for those. So I don't
I
don't really do
much
else on swag books though besides that.
Like
you're disqualified.
Like, but I was answering all the questions right? And I'm like, now just get out here.
No, it's
it's not good. Another good survey site is quick thoughts unless um
Well,
I used
to years ago, but I felt like a lot of the things that they wanted me to do, we're just so time consuming now. Like I'd rather just do something else. So in the end I'm like, yeah, mm
I know some people make like some pretty good money off of it.
But
that's
still pretty
good.
And you
definitely
don't want one that's just gonna kick you out for no reason.
It's
not good for surveys. But if you're good with like the mobile apps, those could sometimes get you pretty good. Um I'm
on android, so I also have that, what's a google reward, google opinion rewards
and I never buy anything digitally so I just toward the credit. And then when the swag bucks has one of those games, I'll spend the credit on one of those games to get like some builder ups or speed ups or whatever the game needs. And usually I still make back more money than what I would have spent with that. That's some like
hell.
And I don't have this script, I don't need this credit for anything. And if I spend $5 on this game and get $20 from finishing it, I got I may not clean so
it
could be good for passive stuff.
I can
see that.
So
are
you located
at
I'm in Georgia.
I've
I've never been up north as far as like Rhode Island is, but I did spend seven years in Wisconsin. So
also a lot of snow. And
I mean
like every
far too much. No and every winter I was over there, I'm like why am I still here?
Like
what,
like why
is it so cold?
You
just,
it
It is it is still hot down here, it's like a good 80° normally.
It's like
um and I mean like uh around like the morning in the night time it's maybe like like 50s, 60's getting
it's starting to get down to the seventies now. But we've had we've had a couple of days where was seventies. And then they write back up the eighties and then go right back down and just make up your mind Georgia just
make
up
only during the summer because
the
summer it rains a lot and then every time it rains it gets humid. But during the winter not so much
it doesn't
rain that often.
Style up. No not really unless you're like in the northern area of Georgia and then that's why I wanted to move here because they get like it's just no and they're like shut everything down now like. Yeah I could use a snow day just for one inch of snow. It has impossible as that is to be. But if it happens for snow day.
No
they
don't
get known as they're like I don't care if there's 12" of snow on the ground. I
still need you at work at 8:30.
But
like but my car can't drive in that we should have gotten some snow tires. So my problem.
See.
and see like my husband now no longer has to know. So he likes that but now he has to mow the lawn and he's like I don't like this I'm like but mowing bilan is not as bad as shoveling snow.
Some
you can't make you can't make shoveling snow any any easier
unless you get like a snowblower
for me shoveling
always desert my back. So I was like really like doing this.
It's not so bad.
It's not so bad when it's like
not terribly cold outside but when you're outside and you're shoveling snow and it's like negative degrees and you're like my nose feels like it's freezing off, You don't want to be out there shoveling on top of that.
I
mean
if
it's like maybe 2030 year, like this isn't so bad. You just need to put on a scarf
and a hat and I should be fine.
less than 20 starts getting like really, really cold. It's just this now. Just
No,
Yeah, I can see that.
does have lake beaches. There is
lake Michigan, but
that's only
on
like, there's only a small section of Wisconsin that actually has that the majority of Wisconsin doesn't have beaches, right?
I mean it's a lake,
so,
I mean it's not
like, it's that fancy. I was in
Milwaukee,
so like we were right right there where the lake is, so just going downtown, you'd be able to walk along the lake and it was nice. But I mean it's not the same as speech.
I think it's a freshwater lake because it's not connected to the ocean. And I think like the I think the biggest fish that they have in there is a muskal lunge, which is like a huge fish. Yeah,
they're like ridiculously big and I think they remind me of swordfish.
I've never
actually tried to muscle lunch
though.
I don't know what they taste like.
They need
an awful
lot of carpet or in Wisconsin.
Like
they
have a lot of like a friday fish rise and it's almost always carved very rarely. Will you see if anything else and carp is good. So not bad.
Wait,
sorry, not car cod. Sorry.
That
makes
big difference.
I don't know that I'd want to eat carb, cops or cops are awfully
pretty.
Just put him in a pond. You don't
want to eat
that.
You just want to look at that.
I don't know. But also they don't look like they're very meaty, so probably wouldn't
get a whole lot out of them.
Like this used to be from my pond. Okay.
Okay, that's
pretty
good.
No more stuff is pretty tasty. We have a lot of a shrimp and crab over here in Georgia makes sense. Were like coastal, so
fun
stuff.
Mm It's good stuff. I have like a crab place like no less than like five minutes away from me and it's Like a good $50 for like, you
know, crab boil. But it's like crab shrimp and sausage and it's enough for both me and my husband and corn and it's, it's good. So
that's, that's the one of the things I enjoy here.
So
So what do you like to do for fun?
It's put a big damper on a lot of things.
What?
am a big gamer. No, I do
everything inside.
To
be
fair,
a lot of those old games were very trying on their, on your patients. Like there's, there's times where I'm playing an old game and I'm like, why won't you jump the right way? I don't understand. I'm pressing the button, you're not jumping and
like, you know, a newer game, so you don't really have that much
issue.
I
mean, they're fashion and stuff, but you know, there's just not nearly as many aggravating moments like that. So that's,
that's one of the reasons why I haven't gone back to a lot of older games.
That's always still good though.
Yeah. Honestly, I don't, I don't understand how, I mean, I got a lot of my co workers will say like they get home and they're like, yeah, I just go home and take a nap right away. And I'm like, but that's such
a waste of time. Like I have too many things to do, I can't take a nap.
The only
time
I want
to take a nap is when I have a headache and I'm like, I can't deal with it anymore, but when I'm just normally at home like I'm going to go to sleep at 10 so let me just get
whatever I can do done before then. So
it's
just
a never ending list of okay, I gotta do this and this and this and then,
and
sometimes
it's
like
okay, I got to do this, but in order to do this, I need this and this and this done and then those
have
sub
list,
definitely.
I don't see any reason why having the list would be a bad thing. Let's do like focus on the list far too much. If
you're like,
this list has to be done by the end of the day and if it's not done by the end of the day, I'm going to have a meltdown. I
mean if you're focusing that much on it, then you act bad.
I mean you just gotta remember to
sometimes
let things go to,
I mean not like let it go by the wayside but be okay if you didn't finish everything that day,
be like, you know what, I'm too tired to build this shelf right now. I'll put it off to tomorrow. If I don't feel like doing it tomorrow,
then I'll do it over the weekend. As long as I get it done before X. Date should be good.
Yeah, that could
be true,
but sometimes
it's the other way around to. Sometimes you're like, well I have a whole bunch of things to do today and then the next day rolls around and you're like, wow, I got nothing. I
wish I would have had like, you know, some of those things that I had yesterday, that would have been great. Because I have always free time today.
My husband works
from
home and he's
worked
for home
ever since we moved to Georgia, which is like two years ago. So, I mean, he's been working from home since before Covid even happened. And you know, Covid came around and that changed absolutely nothing for him because he was already
working from home anyway. So for him, he was like, okay, it's business as usual. And then for me, I had like several months where I was just at home answering emails and questions and then now I'm actually back in the building. So it was it was a big change.
Yeah. Well, I mean there's a lot of people who still
refuse to wear masks and
a lot of people who refuse to acknowledge that it's even a thing. So I
mean until we
get like a vaccine, it's probably going to be like this for a while
after.
I would say probably be I'd say maybe around like april or May would be like when we first start seeing vaccines because I
mean
they're still in the testing phase right now and that takes a while and then they still have to have like a little bit of time after the testing phase is over to
make sure there's no side effects before that can be approved.
And I'm
they'll rush it
out,
but
probably.
I mean the big thing
is like you kind
of want to compare it to the outbreak that we had like quite a few years ago for uh
polio
that took a couple of years before we got the vaccine. And like you know fully went back to normal because I mean if you look at pictures from that time period people were walking around wearing gas masks so it's not that much different than we are right now and it did still take like a good year and a half before they they were back to normal. But our technology is a little better
than it was back then so we should be able to get back on our feet a little bit quicker than that.
But
and
I mean they're already at the testing phase for it now so it shouldn't be
too much longer I don't think. But even still probably like I would like mid 2021 is my guest.
Yeah it'd be a whole lot less waiting if uh we had managed this a little
better. But
well
I mean yeah like european countries and everything. They are having like another outbreak but they did have a period
where everything went semi back to normal. We haven't quite hit that yet. So I mean
like we haven't we haven't hit that part at all and then
you
know
countries like new Zealand were like yeah we're good. We just don't
have any more cases
who
it's easy
to quarantine people and be like yeah you're you stay over there so you don't get other people sick.
So
little
I
mean
Australia
is an island and they didn't handle it good. They didn't handle it well at all
Islands and island
England didn't handle it too too well either. They're doing okay but not as nearly not nearly as
good as New
Zealand was doing.
It's probably
for
the
best.
Goodbye.