SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Um, what, what's your name,
SPEAKER_L: My name is Carla.
SPEAKER_R: Carla? Hi, I'm Lauren.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, where are you at?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I'm in massachusetts. I'm called students. So I'm, um, yeah, at college. In my dorm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in south Carolina. You probably can tell by my accent that No,
SPEAKER_R: Have you, have you done anything like this before?
SPEAKER_L: well I did one before and it was with an older gentleman. It was it was really, it was interesting and then I signed up for like five or six after that and nobody ever showed up. It was like nobody would come. So I'm like, well I'm not gonna do any more for a while. But then I said, okay, I'll try it again. So
SPEAKER_R: good. Well, I'm glad I'm here for you then.
SPEAKER_L: saturday, the weather here is terrible. So we're I guess we're getting some of the remnants of the hurricane, I don't know, is really, really, really rainy and wet, so there's not much else to do today.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no. Yeah, it's pretty nice here actually. But um, yeah, I actually, I just got back from a run. I'm on the cross country team here. So we, we have saturday morning runs, which is fun, but, um, be hard to get up sometimes, but
SPEAKER_L: I imagine so. It's just yucky today. I was like, well and there's not much to do besides housework and just kind of lay around. It's like one of those days where you just want to watch movies or something, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I was surprised by, because I, I just filled out like the initial survey yesterday and so I was surprised I was scheduled for like saturday morning, but was quick, so
SPEAKER_L: I picked at different times. I wasn't sure I said well it'll be easier to do on the weekend, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Is that a shot? But I guess we're just supposed to have you done that one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't, No. I mean, I've done like, you know, other just like surveys and stuff, but I, I haven't done this one at all, so.
SPEAKER_L: I guess. I mean the one I did before, we just talked about whatever, so it was the real topic or anything, just whatever you want to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. Do do you know like what they're studying exactly?
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: I feel like
SPEAKER_L: don't know. I really don't know. I know you have to answer some questions afterwards and I think it's asking you know, how did you feel during the talk? You know, things like that, but I'm not really sure what what the purpose of that they've been doing it for a while though, so, so I guess you're just matching people up all over with different. I mean it's kind of interesting though how they're mashing people and from all different walks of life and everything. So it's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I wonder how they did like choose to match people because I mean they asked a bunch of like questions about like whether like how outgoing you are and like stuff like that. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm curious how they decided to match people.
SPEAKER_L: I know the man that I talked to before, he was like like a ceo of some kind of company I mean so but he was really really nice but I don't know because they always, some of the questions asked like you know how do you feel around people that you know, do you ever feel like I forgot all the questions? But I'm like thinking well maybe they're matching me with somebody that's you know kind of higher or something so it's time. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I wonder if they've ever had any issues with like, like, I don't know. I feel like just anyone can sign up, you know? And I was, I was kind of nervous like what I've stolen like weird is on the call. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you never know? People are so just ridiculous on twitter and all these things that you know you can't even really talk to people so you're
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: gonna worry you're gonna be one of those kind of situation. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So so how did you get started like doing prolific and I'm assuming is that how you like got to this? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: is, yeah. I have a friend who who was doing it for a while and I had never even heard of it and she was telling me that you know that this was she had like a she has like a little thing on the computer. It gives her an alert whenever it comes up and I don't have that. But I was like what, what is that? And she was telling me about it. That's what that sounds kind of cool because I always did like things like where you do like product tests and stuff like that. So like right now I'm testing a like a robot vacuum cleaner. I have to send it back but early
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: wish I could keep it like this. It
SPEAKER_R: Doesn't
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: work. Well
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Yeah, it really does.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: The cat is afraid of it. But other than that.
SPEAKER_R: I love those videos of like the cat sitting on the room because as they go around,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Not mine because as soon as she sees it, she just is gone too. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I actually
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: oh, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: no, I just like it was really easy to use and I love it. I mean it's just versus having to do it yourself. It's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I I hadn't heard of prolific either actually until like a few weeks ago. Um And one of the courses I'm taking um this semester has to do with like human ai or. Yeah, yeah, like human ai interaction. Um And one of our topics is like crowd sourcing. Um and how like how that works. Um So from one of our assignments was to like sign up for prolific and do some like surveys and stuff and then um yeah, and then just like right kind of what what we felt about it and like our thoughts. Um But I've been really enjoying it. It's honestly really fun and I enjoyed getting some extra money, so it's like why not?
SPEAKER_L: I had 11 time. It was really odd though because it was like you had to, it would give you some information like it was like a you were a fast food worker or something and it would tell you like what they were saying at the drive thru and you had to top what was being said and it was odd but a lot of it you couldn't understand and I was like, I'm not sure if I'm doing this right. But it was it was interesting like there's been some really interesting ones on there. I've always liked that though. I've always liked the studies and you know the academic research and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's great like I feel like I'm, you know, helping contribute to like research. Um But it's also fun and you're also getting paid. So yeah, it's really interesting like the variety of all the different surveys and stuff. Um It's like I know you you never know what you're going to get, but it's it's kind of fun that way. I feel like,
SPEAKER_L: I think so too. So I've not been a member of that long but I've enjoyed it. I really have so I'm glad my friend recommended it and I have to put that on my computer but it does alert her a lot so I'm like I don't know if I want that to alert me all the time but I usually take a few times a day I forgot some free time or something. I check.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I feel like I guess you want to when I first heard about it, I was kind of expecting there to be like a constant stream of surveys. Um But it's kind of fun actually like not knowing when a new one is going to appear. And I mean at least for me like I don't get them like that often. I guess it depends on like, you know what, what you filled out and like, like about you page or whatever, but it's kind of fun. It's like christmas present every every
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: time a new
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: pops up.
SPEAKER_L: quick to get them so I'm like I can't just be on it all the time. That's not possible. I'd probably miss a lot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, I was surprised about that too, like how quick they get filled up, but
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of people that I just had no idea. Everyone thinks they're standing up in in college classes. That's pretty cool though. Okay
SPEAKER_R: no, it's it's an interesting, yeah, another option. So like there were a few different options of what like platform um we could use. So another one that we had the option of signing up for was mechanical turk. I don't know if you've ever heard of that?
SPEAKER_L: I have tried that but I have never been accepted or whatever. For what one?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I tried signing up for that one and yeah, I was saying that like for some reason my like account wasn't yeah, like wasn't accepted um so I was like okay, we'll do prolific and
SPEAKER_L: I have tried several times. I've heard people that they really like it, but I don't know why. I think it's associated with amazon, isn't it? I'm like goodness knows I'm spend enough million amazon you think that like the danger. But
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah, I I looked up like why they might not like, except you and it said, I don't know what I was able to find online. It was very vague and people were saying that because it's like proprietary, they don't really like say why people are, aren't accepted. Um Some people were saying it might have something to do with like, like your taxes or something like that, but I don't really know. Yeah, So I'm, I'm not sure. It seemed very unclear, but
SPEAKER_L: I think we wouldn't want to tell people because then everybody trying to alter and you know, have fraudulent answers just to get in and stuff. So let me try that again with all these different information. So I guess that's probably why
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting though.
SPEAKER_L: and I like that it pays and Paypal. So that's really good too. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I actually, yeah, I haven't um like transferred any of the money out, but it isn't easy. It just like goes right into paypal.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it usually just takes a few days and
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I would say maybe 3-5 days or something like that and it just doesn't pay pal, but
SPEAKER_R: Nice. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty simple.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's nice. I like how it's, it's like all encompassing and you kind of, you just like go to the website and then you like click through and you get the code and then it's done. I feel like it's designed really well, it makes it
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: easy for the user,
SPEAKER_L: right. What are you doing your classes in person or are you doing online classes
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so the so my my school allowed people to return to campus if they wanted to. Um And then but a lot of the classes are still are like online just depending on what the professors choose. Um Like right now two of my classes are all like remote online. Um And then one is in person. Um So yeah it's kind of a mix just depending on what the professor is preferred.
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: Um But but yeah it's definitely been different, you know um The we're getting tested twice a week. Um And yeah and it's like very restrictive, like we're pretty much not allowed to leave campus um And like even go into like the neighboring towns or anything just because they don't they don't want us like bringing back anything like you know getting exposed and bring it back. Um But yeah, so it's definitely been a different experience but I'm just, I'm just glad my college allowed people back and we're pretty small school. So I feel like that makes it easier to kind
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of like contain things and control things but
SPEAKER_L: brought,
SPEAKER_R: but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: son, my friends in high school. But we selected the virtual option. We have the choice of going back and like a hybrid or doing virtual. So we chose which is the virtual option. And it's been, it's been difficult. It's probably not really his thing, but he has asthma and I just kind of worried about, you know, sending them back. So we decided to do it. But it's been different. Very, very different. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, at least for me I definitely find it a lot harder like stay focused and on
SPEAKER_L: you want
SPEAKER_R: task
SPEAKER_L: to ask
SPEAKER_R: when classes are online. So it's yeah, it's tough for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Morocco
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: with his classes. He doesn't have like a teacher teaching the class. It's literally just like reading the material like material. Yes. So he doesn't have that interaction with the teacher or anyone. So it's a little bit different.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, definitely wow. Yeah, I feel like it's hard to you know, kind of like self motivated and like you know, um just sit down and do some reading without that structure. But
SPEAKER_L: Right? There's always something else you can do and you're, you know, in your home environment versus you know when you're sitting with a class do. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm I've had to really be on him for a bit, but you know, I'm not I'm not home with him during the day, so I have to kind of rely on him to do it. You know, I can't,
SPEAKER_R: Where are
SPEAKER_L: I can't just stay out of work and be like, hey, you need to do this. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: Um I work in the court system, so Mhm. That's a whole another challenge. We've had quite a challenge. Just we've been kind of shut down statewide in terms of, you know, not having court and then we have been limited to how many cases we can have and then we have issues with bringing over defendants from jail because the jails have their own issues because you know how everyone's contained in there. So it's been a not pretty for hey,
SPEAKER_R: that that sounds, yeah. So crazy.
SPEAKER_L: but where
SPEAKER_R: I think yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: We're trying
SPEAKER_R: last
SPEAKER_L: to different but it's interesting. It's like we were just, our cases are just backed up because we haven't been able to do what we normally do. We went from having sometimes in our court session we might have 200 cases so now we can only have 10 By not order, we can only have 10. So then all those others are just backing up.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's crazy. So what what are like, is there like a typical type of case that you like normally work with or is it just like all sorts of different things?
SPEAKER_L: We just do misdemeanor cases so it's nothing too too extreme there thankfully we just handle the, the low level cases and they get sent up to a higher court if if it's something something more severe. So we
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: have a wide variety of people we
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, are there
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: any are there any like
SPEAKER_L: deal
SPEAKER_R: pretty?
SPEAKER_L: with about two or 3 times a week. The same people. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes,
SPEAKER_R: Are there any like particular cases that really stick out in your mind is like particularly memorable or crazy or anything?
SPEAKER_L: we've had some definite crazy, very, very crazy people. Um Well, the one case always stands out to me the most was a man had hit a moped and killed the young man that was on them open and he was like, he was driving her suspension. He was supposed to be driving or anything like that anyway. And the law had not been changed at that time. Now the law is, if you kill someone while you're operating under suspension, then it's much more serious charge at that time. It wasn't, and I remember family come into court and it was just terrible. I mean just listening to them and it was horrible, horrible, horrible. And that was just really striking at me because it was, I was really knew then and I was like, I just don't know if I can do this because it's so difficult to watch these people in this kind of pain, but and then we've had, we had a man who actually died in the courtroom, he was, he was an elderly man and he was nervous and he could, you kept saying he was really nervous and he actually had a heart attack and died in there. So that was terrible
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: we have,
SPEAKER_R: sad.
SPEAKER_L: we had a one man who was really just out there and he kept saying that his wife was in the car and the officers, like there was no one in the car, it was just you, there was no one else in there with you and he said no, my wife was in there, she was with me and he was like, she's this tall, she was and we're all like, okay man, we have a lot of those, a lot of people that come to court drunk, a lot of people that get put in jail because they're drunk when they come to court. So a wide variety of people, we have literally all walks of life that are in there.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's really interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We have started before all this began we started a homeless court which was you know designed to help people who are homeless too. Instead of having the charge against them, they they kind of do different things and you know and help them get back on their feet if possible. But we've had to shut that down too. So we had we had just started that we had done it like maybe two months and that was that just ended, maybe we can get back to that soon. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I think yeah, in this spring um I got like a jury summons um and I I was actually, I was kind of excited because I'd never done it before. I mean people always are like jury duty but I don't know, I thought they sounded kind of interesting, but yeah and then they canceled it because
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: of covid so I guess
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: I'll have to wait a bit longer
SPEAKER_L: I have not got I've been there like 20 years now but I have not got summoned for jury duty says I've been there. But I did get summoned once when I was in college and I was you know living at home with my parents and I was driving back and forth to school and in a little small town we lived in. They didn't send the summons in the mail that actually sent police officers to your house to tell you and to give
SPEAKER_R: paolo.
SPEAKER_L: you the paperwork. So two police officers officers came to my house and my dad answered the door and he's like there's two police here to see you and I was like you know the world
SPEAKER_R: oh god I'm so scary.
SPEAKER_L: a terrible way that people
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: hurt
SPEAKER_R: it!
SPEAKER_L: because you know
SPEAKER_R: gosh!
SPEAKER_L: I mean unless you are a criminal you usually if the police come is usually bad news, you know not
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Oh my gosh, wow!
SPEAKER_L: I I got out of it then because I was in college and I was like I can't take time off for that. But and I've been wanting it ever since. I'm like please thank me. But they wouldn't we wouldn't even be able to be picked because if normally if you work inside of a courthouse then you're not eligible anyway. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah I guess that makes sense right? Yeah. Hmm, interesting.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, that's been kind of for stop now also.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. But so so you don't generally see any cases that have like juries or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we we have very uh yeah, we have jury trials. Normally we have them once a month or I wouldn't want some odd.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, interesting. Yeah I should I should really know more about how the court system and all that works. I haven't and when I took law and justice class, my uh first year, my first semester of college, but since then I haven't taken any more classes like that but I I thought it was really interesting but
SPEAKER_L: I majored in criminal justice, so that was part of our classes that we had to go and observe court, so we had to go to different levels of court and observe it. So that was that was interesting then.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: And I had one class where I had to, they wanted you to attend. Like uh this was a psychology class. You had to attend like an a a meeting or in a meeting or something like that. And I thought that was so uncomfortable because the people wanted to know well why are you here? You know? And then you know you tell them I'm in a class and then yeah kind of like really didn't like it because you know this is very private for them to be in the like that was the worst thing I ever had to do in college.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's that feels really uncomfortable, I would have a really hard time with that too.
SPEAKER_L: I like I really didn't want to do it but I was like well I have to but I don't do that today I guess I was probably more I don't know, maybe a little bit braver then now I'll be like there's no way I'm doing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that would be really intimidating, wow. Yeah. Yeah for so at my college we the during the month of january we have what's called um like winter study and it's just you take one class for the whole month of january um which is really interesting but it can be like it's normally like a type of class that that you wouldn't normally take. Um
SPEAKER_L: I guess.
SPEAKER_R: And so I did a class last year that was um it was like mentoring high school students who had you know had issues with like the law and we're um some of them were on like probation I think um And just like yeah different like they had been involved with the court system um and it was it was really interesting um I yeah I really knew nothing about like the juvenile court system before that. Um And we we got to sit in on some hearings for uh one of the days and I was I don't know what I was expecting, but I was actually really surprised about how like I don't know just how positive and like supportive the atmosphere was. Like I guess I was kind of expecting like I don't know, I guess I was maybe kind of cynical and like oh maybe you know people just don't care about these kids but I don't know, it's actually um a really a really nice experience and I got really close with the, well yeah I got to know the girl I was mentoring really well and um we've we've stayed in touch and I think she I think she's still been having some issues with the cord and not not exactly doing what she's supposed to be doing but you know it's it's nice to just um yeah like have have that kind of experience and get to know someone from like a totally different walk of life so.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. I did my internship in in college with the agency that work with juveniles and and adults of like a like an intervention program and when I remember one boy he was really just terrible and both his parents were in prison. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow
SPEAKER_L: he just remember him coming in there and he was mad at the counselor and he just raped his arm across the desk and just knocked all of her stuff off the desk and he was just always troubled. And then when I went to work in the court system, he had already started with his adult crimes there. And a few years ago he he was charged with murder. So he is now serving a life sentence but like this couldn't be helped but I mean you know he just had no body, everybody was in prison and that's all he had ever seen. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the girl I mentored I think she was telling me her dad had been in prison um for a couple years and I guess he just recently gotten out but I just like yeah her description of her home life it's just it's so hard for like kids in that situation. I feel like you know it's like have like I don't know it's kind of like I I know it's hard to like have hope I feel like and like
SPEAKER_L: Life
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: hard enough for kids as it is and then if they have no support system, I have been a time around there, so we would know exactly. And they're making a loud noise for 25 minutes. Hey?
SPEAKER_R: well this this actually went by really quickly, I was kind
SPEAKER_L: Dad.
SPEAKER_R: of nervous but yeah, I mean, yeah, I was kind of unsure when it it was like so open ended. I was like, well like what if there was just like nothing to talk about. But this is really nice and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: was it
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: was like
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: your soul.
SPEAKER_R: chat with you and
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, I hope you have a good reminder of the weekend.
SPEAKER_R: thank you, you as well and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Bye.