Hi.
How are you?
Pretty good. Um, what, what's your name,
Carla? Hi, I'm Lauren.
Um, I'm in massachusetts. I'm called students. So I'm, um, yeah, at college. In my dorm.
Have you, have you done anything like this before?
good. Well, I'm glad I'm here for you then.
Oh no. Yeah, it's pretty nice here actually. But um, yeah, I actually, I just got back from a run. I'm on the cross country team here. So we, we have saturday morning runs, which is fun, but, um, be hard to get up sometimes, but
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I was surprised by, because I, I just filled out like the initial survey yesterday and so I was surprised I was scheduled for like saturday morning, but was quick, so
definitely.
I haven't, No. I mean, I've done like, you know, other just like surveys and stuff, but I, I haven't done this one at all, so.
Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. Do do you know like what they're studying exactly?
I feel like
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder how they did like choose to match people because I mean they asked a bunch of like questions about like whether like how outgoing you are and like stuff like that. Um,
yeah, I'm curious how they decided to match people.
Yeah. I wonder if they've ever had any issues with like, like, I don't know. I feel like just anyone can sign up, you know? And I was, I was kind of nervous like what I've stolen like weird is on the call. But yeah,
I know.
Yeah. So so how did you get started like doing prolific and I'm assuming is that how you like got to this? Okay.
That's
Doesn't
work. Well
what
I love those videos of like the cat sitting on the room because as they go around,
that's funny. Yeah.
I actually
oh, go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. I I hadn't heard of prolific either actually until like a few weeks ago. Um And one of the courses I'm taking um this semester has to do with like human ai or. Yeah, yeah, like human ai interaction. Um And one of our topics is like crowd sourcing. Um and how like how that works. Um So from one of our assignments was to like sign up for prolific and do some like surveys and stuff and then um yeah, and then just like right kind of what what we felt about it and like our thoughts. Um But I've been really enjoying it. It's honestly really fun and I enjoyed getting some extra money, so it's like why not?
Yeah. Yeah. It's great like I feel like I'm, you know, helping contribute to like research. Um But it's also fun and you're also getting paid. So yeah, it's really interesting like the variety of all the different surveys and stuff. Um It's like I know you you never know what you're going to get, but it's it's kind of fun that way. I feel like,
Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. I feel like I guess you want to when I first heard about it, I was kind of expecting there to be like a constant stream of surveys. Um But it's kind of fun actually like not knowing when a new one is going to appear. And I mean at least for me like I don't get them like that often. I guess it depends on like, you know what, what you filled out and like, like about you page or whatever, but it's kind of fun. It's like christmas present every every
time a new
one
pops up.
Yeah, I know, I was surprised about that too, like how quick they get filled up, but
no, it's it's an interesting, yeah, another option. So like there were a few different options of what like platform um we could use. So another one that we had the option of signing up for was mechanical turk. I don't know if you've ever heard of that?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I tried signing up for that one and yeah, I was saying that like for some reason my like account wasn't yeah, like wasn't accepted um so I was like okay, we'll do prolific and
I know. Yeah, I I looked up like why they might not like, except you and it said, I don't know what I was able to find online. It was very vague and people were saying that because it's like proprietary, they don't really like say why people are, aren't accepted. Um Some people were saying it might have something to do with like, like your taxes or something like that, but I don't really know. Yeah, So I'm, I'm not sure. It seemed very unclear, but
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting though.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually, yeah, I haven't um like transferred any of the money out, but it isn't easy. It just like goes right into paypal.
Well.
Nice. That's cool.
Yeah. Yeah, it's nice. I like how it's, it's like all encompassing and you kind of, you just like go to the website and then you like click through and you get the code and then it's done. I feel like it's designed really well, it makes it
easy for the user,
Yeah so the so my my school allowed people to return to campus if they wanted to. Um And then but a lot of the classes are still are like online just depending on what the professors choose. Um Like right now two of my classes are all like remote online. Um And then one is in person. Um So yeah it's kind of a mix just depending on what the professor is preferred.
Um But but yeah it's definitely been different, you know um The we're getting tested twice a week. Um And yeah and it's like very restrictive, like we're pretty much not allowed to leave campus um And like even go into like the neighboring towns or anything just because they don't they don't want us like bringing back anything like you know getting exposed and bring it back. Um But yeah, so it's definitely been a different experience but I'm just, I'm just glad my college allowed people back and we're pretty small school. So I feel like that makes it easier to kind
of like contain things and control things but
but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, at least for me I definitely find it a lot harder like stay focused and on
task
when classes are online. So it's yeah, it's tough for sure.
But.
yeah, definitely wow. Yeah, I feel like it's hard to you know, kind of like self motivated and like you know, um just sit down and do some reading without that structure. But
definitely. Yeah.
Where are
What do you do for work?
that that sounds, yeah. So crazy.
I think yeah. Yeah
last
wow, that's crazy. So what what are like, is there like a typical type of case that you like normally work with or is it just like all sorts of different things?
No.
Yeah, are there
any are there any like
pretty?
mm okay.
Are there any like particular cases that really stick out in your mind is like particularly memorable or crazy or anything?
that's
so
sad.
wow, that's really interesting. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I think yeah, in this spring um I got like a jury summons um and I I was actually, I was kind of excited because I'd never done it before. I mean people always are like jury duty but I don't know, I thought they sounded kind of interesting, but yeah and then they canceled it because
of covid so I guess
I'll have to wait a bit longer
paolo.
oh god I'm so scary.
Get
on
it!
gosh!
definitely. Oh my gosh, wow!
Okay. Yeah I guess that makes sense right? Yeah. Hmm, interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. But so so you don't generally see any cases that have like juries or anything?
Oh, interesting. Yeah I should I should really know more about how the court system and all that works. I haven't and when I took law and justice class, my uh first year, my first semester of college, but since then I haven't taken any more classes like that but I I thought it was really interesting but
Yeah. Oh that's really cool.
Yeah that's that feels really uncomfortable, I would have a really hard time with that too.
Yeah. Yeah that would be really intimidating, wow. Yeah. Yeah for so at my college we the during the month of january we have what's called um like winter study and it's just you take one class for the whole month of january um which is really interesting but it can be like it's normally like a type of class that that you wouldn't normally take. Um
And so I did a class last year that was um it was like mentoring high school students who had you know had issues with like the law and we're um some of them were on like probation I think um And just like yeah different like they had been involved with the court system um and it was it was really interesting um I yeah I really knew nothing about like the juvenile court system before that. Um And we we got to sit in on some hearings for uh one of the days and I was I don't know what I was expecting, but I was actually really surprised about how like I don't know just how positive and like supportive the atmosphere was. Like I guess I was kind of expecting like I don't know, I guess I was maybe kind of cynical and like oh maybe you know people just don't care about these kids but I don't know, it's actually um a really a really nice experience and I got really close with the, well yeah I got to know the girl I was mentoring really well and um we've we've stayed in touch and I think she I think she's still been having some issues with the cord and not not exactly doing what she's supposed to be doing but you know it's it's nice to just um yeah like have have that kind of experience and get to know someone from like a totally different walk of life so.
wow
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the girl I mentored I think she was telling me her dad had been in prison um for a couple years and I guess he just recently gotten out but I just like yeah her description of her home life it's just it's so hard for like kids in that situation. I feel like you know it's like have like I don't know it's kind of like I I know it's hard to like have hope I feel like and like
you
know.
well this this actually went by really quickly, I was kind
of nervous but yeah, I mean, yeah, I was kind of unsure when it it was like so open ended. I was like, well like what if there was just like nothing to talk about. But this is really nice and
yeah, it's
getting
to
chat with you and
thank you, you as well and yeah,