I
I'm doing good. How about yourself?
My name is Carla.
Hi, where are you at?
I'm in south Carolina. You probably can tell by my accent that No,
well I did one before and it was with an older gentleman. It was it was really, it was interesting and then I signed up for like five or six after that and nobody ever showed up. It was like nobody would come. So I'm like, well I'm not gonna do any more for a while. But then I said, okay, I'll try it again. So
saturday, the weather here is terrible. So we're I guess we're getting some of the remnants of the hurricane, I don't know, is really, really, really rainy and wet, so there's not much else to do today.
I imagine so. It's just yucky today. I was like, well and there's not much to do besides housework and just kind of lay around. It's like one of those days where you just want to watch movies or something, so
I picked at different times. I wasn't sure I said well it'll be easier to do on the weekend, so. Mhm.
Is that a shot? But I guess we're just supposed to have you done that one of these before?
I guess. I mean the one I did before, we just talked about whatever, so it was the real topic or anything, just whatever you want to talk about.
I really
don't know. I really don't know. I know you have to answer some questions afterwards and I think it's asking you know, how did you feel during the talk? You know, things like that, but I'm not really sure what what the purpose of that they've been doing it for a while though, so, so I guess you're just matching people up all over with different. I mean it's kind of interesting though how they're mashing people and from all different walks of life and everything. So it's interesting.
Right.
I know the man that I talked to before, he was like like a ceo of some kind of company I mean so but he was really really nice but I don't know because they always, some of the questions asked like you know how do you feel around people that you know, do you ever feel like I forgot all the questions? But I'm like thinking well maybe they're matching me with somebody that's you know kind of higher or something so it's time. Hello?
you never know? People are so just ridiculous on twitter and all these things that you know you can't even really talk to people so you're
gonna worry you're gonna be one of those kind of situation. Uh huh.
is, yeah. I have a friend who who was doing it for a while and I had never even heard of it and she was telling me that you know that this was she had like a she has like a little thing on the computer. It gives her an alert whenever it comes up and I don't have that. But I was like what, what is that? And she was telling me about it. That's what that sounds kind of cool because I always did like things like where you do like product tests and stuff like that. So like right now I'm testing a like a robot vacuum cleaner. I have to send it back but early
wish I could keep it like this. It
is
awesome. Yeah, it really does.
The cat is afraid of it. But other than that.
Right. Not mine because as soon as she sees it, she just is gone too. Uh huh.
Yeah.
No,
no, I just like it was really easy to use and I love it. I mean it's just versus having to do it yourself. It's great.
I had 11 time. It was really odd though because it was like you had to, it would give you some information like it was like a you were a fast food worker or something and it would tell you like what they were saying at the drive thru and you had to top what was being said and it was odd but a lot of it you couldn't understand and I was like, I'm not sure if I'm doing this right. But it was it was interesting like there's been some really interesting ones on there. I've always liked that though. I've always liked the studies and you know the academic research and things like that.
I think so too. So I've not been a member of that long but I've enjoyed it. I really have so I'm glad my friend recommended it and I have to put that on my computer but it does alert her a lot so I'm like I don't know if I want that to alert me all the time but I usually take a few times a day I forgot some free time or something. I check.
I
got
to
quick to get them so I'm like I can't just be on it all the time. That's not possible. I'd probably miss a lot.
there's a lot of people that I just had no idea. Everyone thinks they're standing up in in college classes. That's pretty cool though. Okay
I have tried that but I have never been accepted or whatever. For what one?
I have tried several times. I've heard people that they really like it, but I don't know why. I think it's associated with amazon, isn't it? I'm like goodness knows I'm spend enough million amazon you think that like the danger. But
I think we wouldn't want to tell people because then everybody trying to alter and you know, have fraudulent answers just to get in and stuff. So let me try that again with all these different information. So I guess that's probably why
and I like that it pays and Paypal. So that's really good too. So
yeah, it usually just takes a few days and
you know, I would say maybe 3-5 days or something like that and it just doesn't pay pal, but
it's pretty simple.
Well,
right. What are you doing your classes in person or are you doing online classes
well.
Well
brought,
son, my friends in high school. But we selected the virtual option. We have the choice of going back and like a hybrid or doing virtual. So we chose which is the virtual option. And it's been, it's been difficult. It's probably not really his thing, but he has asthma and I just kind of worried about, you know, sending them back. So we decided to do it. But it's been different. Very, very different. But
you want
to ask
Morocco
with his classes. He doesn't have like a teacher teaching the class. It's literally just like reading the material like material. Yes. So he doesn't have that interaction with the teacher or anyone. So it's a little bit different.
Right? There's always something else you can do and you're, you know, in your home environment versus you know when you're sitting with a class do. Uh huh.
So I'm I've had to really be on him for a bit, but you know, I'm not I'm not home with him during the day, so I have to kind of rely on him to do it. You know, I can't,
I can't just stay out of work and be like, hey, you need to do this. What? Yeah.
Um I work in the court system, so Mhm. That's a whole another challenge. We've had quite a challenge. Just we've been kind of shut down statewide in terms of, you know, not having court and then we have been limited to how many cases we can have and then we have issues with bringing over defendants from jail because the jails have their own issues because you know how everyone's contained in there. So it's been a not pretty for hey,
but where
We're trying
to different but it's interesting. It's like we were just, our cases are just backed up because we haven't been able to do what we normally do. We went from having sometimes in our court session we might have 200 cases so now we can only have 10 By not order, we can only have 10. So then all those others are just backing up.
We just do misdemeanor cases so it's nothing too too extreme there thankfully we just handle the, the low level cases and they get sent up to a higher court if if it's something something more severe. So we
have a wide variety of people we
do
deal
with about two or 3 times a week. The same people. Oh yeah.
Oh yes,
we've had some definite crazy, very, very crazy people. Um Well, the one case always stands out to me the most was a man had hit a moped and killed the young man that was on them open and he was like, he was driving her suspension. He was supposed to be driving or anything like that anyway. And the law had not been changed at that time. Now the law is, if you kill someone while you're operating under suspension, then it's much more serious charge at that time. It wasn't, and I remember family come into court and it was just terrible. I mean just listening to them and it was horrible, horrible, horrible. And that was just really striking at me because it was, I was really knew then and I was like, I just don't know if I can do this because it's so difficult to watch these people in this kind of pain, but and then we've had, we had a man who actually died in the courtroom, he was, he was an elderly man and he was nervous and he could, you kept saying he was really nervous and he actually had a heart attack and died in there. So that was terrible
and
we have,
we had a one man who was really just out there and he kept saying that his wife was in the car and the officers, like there was no one in the car, it was just you, there was no one else in there with you and he said no, my wife was in there, she was with me and he was like, she's this tall, she was and we're all like, okay man, we have a lot of those, a lot of people that come to court drunk, a lot of people that get put in jail because they're drunk when they come to court. So a wide variety of people, we have literally all walks of life that are in there.
We have started before all this began we started a homeless court which was you know designed to help people who are homeless too. Instead of having the charge against them, they they kind of do different things and you know and help them get back on their feet if possible. But we've had to shut that down too. So we had we had just started that we had done it like maybe two months and that was that just ended, maybe we can get back to that soon. But
All
Hello?
I have not got I've been there like 20 years now but I have not got summoned for jury duty says I've been there. But I did get summoned once when I was in college and I was you know living at home with my parents and I was driving back and forth to school and in a little small town we lived in. They didn't send the summons in the mail that actually sent police officers to your house to tell you and to give
you the paperwork. So two police officers officers came to my house and my dad answered the door and he's like there's two police here to see you and I was like you know the world
a terrible way that people
would
hurt
because you know
I mean unless you are a criminal you usually if the police come is usually bad news, you know not
I I got out of it then because I was in college and I was like I can't take time off for that. But and I've been wanting it ever since. I'm like please thank me. But they wouldn't we wouldn't even be able to be picked because if normally if you work inside of a courthouse then you're not eligible anyway. So
But yeah, that's been kind of for stop now also.
Oh yeah, we we have very uh yeah, we have jury trials. Normally we have them once a month or I wouldn't want some odd.
I majored in criminal justice, so that was part of our classes that we had to go and observe court, so we had to go to different levels of court and observe it. So that was that was interesting then.
And I had one class where I had to, they wanted you to attend. Like uh this was a psychology class. You had to attend like an a a meeting or in a meeting or something like that. And I thought that was so uncomfortable because the people wanted to know well why are you here? You know? And then you know you tell them I'm in a class and then yeah kind of like really didn't like it because you know this is very private for them to be in the like that was the worst thing I ever had to do in college.
I like I really didn't want to do it but I was like well I have to but I don't do that today I guess I was probably more I don't know, maybe a little bit braver then now I'll be like there's no way I'm doing
I guess.
definitely. I did my internship in in college with the agency that work with juveniles and and adults of like a like an intervention program and when I remember one boy he was really just terrible and both his parents were in prison. Yeah
he just remember him coming in there and he was mad at the counselor and he just raped his arm across the desk and just knocked all of her stuff off the desk and he was just always troubled. And then when I went to work in the court system, he had already started with his adult crimes there. And a few years ago he he was charged with murder. So he is now serving a life sentence but like this couldn't be helped but I mean you know he just had no body, everybody was in prison and that's all he had ever seen. Yeah.
Life
is
hard enough for kids as it is and then if they have no support system, I have been a time around there, so we would know exactly. And they're making a loud noise for 25 minutes. Hey?
Dad.
I
was it
was like
your soul.
All right. Well, I hope you have a good reminder of the weekend.
Bye.