power. Our mineral, how
are you running? So I am a minute late. My computer always kind of skits is out with the links in.
I'm Jessica.
you done this before?
If
this one? Oh my gosh, this is my second one. It's definitely like, I didn't know how they would go, but my first one went really good and you seem normal.
Yeah. My first one when I first saw him, I was like, I don't know how this will go and then we ended up like finding like a good middle ground and it was good. Well like I had my expectations when I read about it. I was like, I'm gonna be matched with someone who's like, I don't know, I was scared of me to really creepy or something.
But he like wanted to ask like weird stuff of you.
I'm sorry. That's awful. I could, I think that's what I was like worried about with blind anyway. Where are you?
I'm from Oregon but I'm in California. Yeah.
Really? Isn't your rug? Oh really cold right now
or not. Quite
all
the people
I met so cold bro. Sorry, my
dog, she gets very jealous.
that's it.
I was having a cat, we had a we used to have a tuxedo
cat kind of like yours. But my daughter has really severe allergies that we didn't find out because we lived in Japan for a couple of years and families that we have my daughter then and then her allergies get really severe and the poor cat didn't like her at all. So she ended up going back to family. But I miss everything around. I think I did so well.
Thank
you.
this is wrong. He seems
cholera is crazy. It's probably the craziest dog I've ever had. He's definitely been. She's a she's a husky mix and nobody told me that they're crazy.
Yeah. When she was a puppy, she was insane. So she's jumped out of the puppy stage. She turned one in june I think. And she calmed down almost immediately after that. But she was insane Before that like up every hour of the night howling shoot anything.
You don't let her couch to shoes so much or but now she looks like an angel.
Mm hmm. Very well. How did you find out like what brought you to prolific? Have you been doing it for a while?
That's how
I found
it making.
Once
under.
that's awesome. Um most of the sites I found when I first found bear money, we're kind of like, I'm put in a lot of work and maybe make like $3,. which was like nice a couple of times but I kind of gave up and then prolific, I kind of have the same expectations and I've been so surprised with it like so so
okay, it's nice to have like the little random bits of extra cash definitely help, especially with Covid. Are you a student
you started?
That's awesome. At least you're where you're studying for? Sorry.
But
oh that's awesome. Biology is the only subject I was good at in high school, but I could not tell you anything about
it. It was one of those weird things where when it was in front of me, I did good with it, but like I could not
even think
that's where my heart is with that. Well
I'm
actually a stay home mom right now. I have um she'll be five in december, she keeps me busy, I hoped that I would have a degree and be working in something by now. But I have my daughter really, really young and got really young and then she was really, really premature, so
she had a lot of appointments to keep up with and they're finally starting to like slow down a little. But with Covid,
this was supposed to be your first year to go to school, you know, I got to do which I'm glad at the time, but it's like, it's harder listening. I'm
something
in medical, I think I've always been fascinated by anything medical, probably nursing. Like I've always had a lot of respect for nurses and it's always gonna ever supposed younger. It's
been something
I was drawn to. Oh
yeah, I was in the hospital, you know, my daughter just seeing the nurses, all the things that they did just, you could tell they worked really, really hard, but they were really smart and I always admired that. Like, I never really knew how much they did until I was around them more and relied on them more. And it kind of like, hit me then I'm like,
they're
literally saving lives and no so
much information. And then to be like, a great person on top of that is awesome any day. That or sometimes I wonder like if there's anything else I would want to go into the medical stuff, even just like, the baseline
of
it fascinates me. All the studies and everything. Mhm.
You're
nah,
blood creeps me out. I will say that I wouldn't have to take the medication. I close my eyes when I get my blood drawn. Yeah. Even
when my daughter has to get shots or something, I'm just like, you have to be ready for her. But looking at it, I'm just like, yeah,
I don't hope I could overcome that. I think I could. Mhm. This is her prose. Yeah. She's the only dog I've ever had. She'll sleep like that like all night long.
She sleep back. He sleeps like a human, What
kind
of careers could you have with your degree if you got masters? Right.
I would be often research is important.
There is so much prolific. I've seen like a couple like non biology really did a couple of research things that they do from the surveys and even that fascinates me thinking that like there's so much being studied and going up the world that you really have no idea about.
I want
I don't do that.
I was um yesterday I think I found a reddit thread for prolific and somebody was asking like apparently the guy who runs
the studies on there, I think his name is Andrew and somebody was asking or suggesting like, could you please share when the results are out from the study? Because I really have no idea like what they're going to get out with this,
but you have to think it's gonna be really fascinating. Especially because everyone has a different experience and everyone I've met or at least like you and the gentleman I talked to before, like completely different. Like everyone's different place, different stage of their life and being thrown together. Like that has to be I want to know like, I don't know like what their angle. I think kind of what you said, like how someone perceives themselves, like how the
first person I talked to him, he brought up serial killers were like the first met.
No,
I'm fascinated in it. A little bit. Like, have you seen
like
similar netflix shows that like kind
of try to find it?
I
don't
like
they're not at least mind hunter is really good. Like it's more about like the FBI part, they're like researching serial killers. Like that's really interesting. Like when you brought it up right away and my first thought was like, oh my God, you're talking about serial killers right away. Like bu
right, because he brought it up and he's like, oh, I've studied them for years on my own. And like I've looked at stuff, but it got
me thinking and he was still really, really nice, but it just kind of stuck with me when I was thinking now that I'm like, hmm, that's the first thing you think of. Yeah,
My husband's in the marines. So we met in north Carolina and then he got orders there right away. So we went there for three years and then we came back here California. You don't want to come here. But it's born. I'm Miss Japan. I didn't like it at first. But especially with like everything going on in the country right now, I wish I could be back there. It's so peaceful and so safe. And the locals there are so, so sweet. It's a completely different little world over there. Yeah.
It's beautiful. We um, we lived in Okinawa, so like a really small, little Americanized island. But it was really nice. The
only thing that was kind of funny because it was so Americanized. There was like this weird american culture. They would have american themed diners where like my daughter has blond hair and blue eyes and the mother really old. Okinawan ladies would stop and be like, can I take a picture? Oh so beautiful.
Never seen before. But they were so nice about it. We could tell it was just it was a culture shock to them in a way. As much as some of their culture was a job to us, but so different when you've grown up in America. Okay.
Mhm. Do you want to live in Chicago your whole life?
Versus this is,
well we've been having record high heat waves lately that our killer because they're not normal for the area usually um are households now Vusi because you don't need it, the paris needed so bad
and I mean The other day, 20 minutes from where I am got to like 105
real nine. Yeah. Same time though, it doesn't really get cold cold here though, like you can go outside like any day of the year, so that's a face. Um
my husband's step mom is from Chicago and she always said it got so cold during the winter. Is that true?
What?
No.
Yeah, I was going to be my next, I've heard that like the windy city.
I don't do wind. I don't know what it drives me crazy. I look insane in the wind because I get really bad baby hairs and
I just, yeah, I feel like I look like a character from the grinch when it gets windy. Oh
and nobody says like, hey, your hair is sticking up straight making me look like that. And it was like, why didn't somebody say something, wow. No one would be hard. When does it start to warm up again? Probably like like mayors.
Well
Oh, where have you been living in California?
Okay. We haven't been to yet but we're about 35 miles from San Diego and we've only been here a couple of times. Yeah it's nice here. We need to try and explore more though our first year here we really didn't explore that. It's only our second year here. And
then now that Covid hit I think everybody has the same bug like they want to go explore it. But it's hard with everything. Is it pretty locked down in Chicago or how are you guys
with
Covid?
No.
All
And the mhm.
I
want
you would stay home. Been doing that like we still everything opened back up here recently so it opened up and then I shut down and then opened up and then it sounds like we're about to shut down again in another week or so. And everyone I know is like, oh my gosh, let's go them all, let's go do this. Like all these things
you can do. And I'm just like,
I think it's hard to find like a middle line, like we go out more than we did at like the beginning of the coronavirus, but now that we've been going out a little more, my daughter's got sick a couple of times. It's like, I'm kind of toning it back again, especially with that fear like looming over or when thinking of family. Like, um, so a lot of our neighbors are using Covid as an excuse to fly. Everyone, they end that they know every single person is seeing their family like every other week here and I'm like, that's great. I haven't my family or my daughter's like grandparents in over a year almost because we usually do once a year because I live on the other side. And um I was talking to my mother in law and she's like, I'm hoping to see you guys next summer, like that's what we're counting on, because I'd rather keep her safe, then risk her coming. And then what if something bad happened and because she has a lower immune system, But it's scary.
No.
How far along is she? Right.
So probably like late for second trimester. Yeah.
Oh, I would be hard during all of the very
hard.
Well,
I mean that's good if you're not stressed. I've noticed um I saw some news articles on it, like covid baby booms,
everyone's home, everyone's like, let's have a baby. I was talking to my sister about it and she's like, it sounds crazy to me because you're gonna have to give birth improve it and if you look it up, there's crazy complications that can happen if your baby get it. Such as I have respect for those who do it during this time. But
A lot of people I know here aren't, so we live on a military base
where everyone seems to constantly be pregnant. It's like a thing that military bases have huge pregnancy rates. But now with Covid, I think every neighbor I know pregnant And a lot of them were complaining about that. They're like, why do I have to do this? Why do I have to get tested 48 hours before? And it's like those doctors are going to be very close to you. So it's worth that to protect them. Lot of people get frustrated at like those little things. Yeah.
I know. Um so I work at a church in the nursery and recently they which like co pastors, I had actually given my notice two months ago because of how the pastors in charge of the Children's ministry were handling covid. They ended up turning off our like central air not requiring mass or temperature checks, like not doing anything and pretty much telling us like this is a complete
joke. We want
you to show up, we don't want you to wear a mask even if you want to because it looks stupid. And
then
yeah I put in my notice and then two months later they left suddenly and it's under new care for that department with precautions.
I've gone back a little bit but a lot of people think it's just like a joke trendy like almost trendy to be against it. Which is just
it's crazy. It's always crazy. You have any favorite tv shows? Uh
huh.
I
am
Yeah. Let me.
Is that one of those like reality dating shows? Right?
I've seen I watched some of The Bachelorette for the first time I think a couple months ago and I was like I've never watched anything like that before. I was so surprised. I'm like is it scripted
like how much like some of it has to be. Oh.
you
can
see that just to like sign up the scene. No, I could definitely see you have any other ones
I've heard of it. I forgive it more like a year ago.
Well,
I remember seeing like either memes or really popular for a while, I feel like
I know that's what it was like. I know there's a couple characters that like their names were floating around for a while, I never understood them because I didn't watch it. It was like I have to work at that one
if you look at what for everything like because you're home so much. Yeah. Yeah.
I'll watch really anything lately. My favorite show is probably called The Midwife. It's a um It's like a British show based in the 1940s to 1960s about like more traditional midwives and just all the stuff they go through, but it's really interesting and like it's kind of like heart wrenching sometimes to see like this stuff they go through. It touches
on like poverty and just all the things that can go wrong being a woman, but it's really interesting and then let's see really watch everything I haven't seen, have you seen Game of Thrones?
I haven't
over the waffle
and you I haven't seen it, but everyone I know says I should watch it.
I think I may have watched an episode like when it first came out and kind of the same thing and I think my husband's done the same like he's seen it before and it's just like
he doesn't have it either. Must really heard that drawn to it. Um My name Hunter like I mentioned is really good. What? I'm sad they're not getting renewed for a third season but I think that happens to a lot of shows like they get I know it got really popular when it first came out but then the second season didn't get a lot of views and then he got signed with netflix to something else. That's one of the like sad like you want to know what happens, but you probably won't find
out. But that was interesting because it's based on a real basis and like do their tricks. No, I used to live right next to a train track in high school all hours of the night. It would walk constantly because it was like a city train, so it was just back and forth and back and forth and back and forth. It'll drive you crazy.
I was gonna say where we lived. It was one of the cheapest places if you went down like across the train tracks and down the hill, very expensive. If you went on the side that was literally like not even half a block from the train track, cheap people don't want to deal with the noise. Well thank you.
Yeah, awesome.
Thank you so much for chatting.
You too. Have a good day. Bye.