Yeah, wow. Mhm. Yeah. Right. If they don't show up, I'm just gonna go to bed because Brandon person. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Two. Yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Oh yes. Oh yeah. Uh mm. Yeah. Okay, sure.
sorry, I live right next to the train. Okay.
that's fine. Um My name is Rebecca,
Oh my gosh, that's my sister's name. Mhm.
Yeah, I think this is my 5th 1.
Look.
yeah, I've had like, I don't know, some people that I really liked and then some people, I was like, I cannot wait to get off of this cull. So
Yeah, I, my like second one was kind of creepy. He asked me a bunch of like weird questions. I was like, ok. And he like didn't like we didn't exchange names and he didn't want to give any personal info at all and I'm like what am I gonna do?
Yeah, he just like maybe uncomfortable. It was a bad vibe.
I'm in Chicago, but I'm from Minnesota, Where are you?
joe's
yeah, it's
It's like
50s.
Yeah, it's not quite winter yet, but it's getting colder.
Hey,
Hey, my cat is, he's over there, he's
playing right now, I'm going to play.
No.
What's
the
dog's name? Uh
cute.
I know, huskies are crazy.
I don't know.
Yeah, she looks very sweet.
Um Yeah, like a few months now I was on like your money and read it
and
I thought,
yeah, it's almost who will find it and I like, I didn't do it for a while because I heard like a bunch of stories of people mysteriously getting kicked off and so I was like, oh, I don't want to do something if I'm just gonna get kicked off, but it's
been
months that I've made like hundreds of dollars.
It's great.
Uh No, I just graduated. Um
and now I do nothing. Um I'm preference laugh anyway, I'm studying for the jury right now and I think I'm going to go back to school.
Uh So my degrees in biomedical engineering, but I don't really like engineering, so I'm gonna get a masters
in Biology.
All
Can you just forget?
So,
So what do
you do for work?
No.
No.
Mhm. What would you want
to study? A feeling back?
I
should.
know. It's a really hard job.
Like it
doesn't
Kick
that
group.
Yeah I thought about it but
I can't I couldn't draw anyone's blood. I can't do that.
That's kind of a problem.
Yeah.
I just
So
this
kid
plan to do research eventually. I'm probably going to get my PhD like most likely. Um But yeah I just want to do a bunch of research and I would be open to being a professor that's like secondary to the research.
Mhm. Yeah there's something that's really interesting to me.
I always want to know like what the purpose of the study is and stuff like and I
would love to see the results from this one. So
I really want to know like do people's perceptions of themselves match up with what other people think of them and stuff? Yeah.
Well
Kind of. Okay.
But
why would you do that so
scared?
I
mean
no.
Oh I hate anything like horror thriller anything. So I don't I don't want
the
serial
person.
it's like not a good icebreaker.
All
So why did you move to Japan?
I'd love to visit
All
Thanks
Oh
okay. I have no idea. Um Probably the only other place I would want to move to like in the U. S. Would be California. Um I just like it so much. Everything's like chiller and I love the ocean and it's warm
and yeah.
that's rough
it's
All right.
Yes very true. It's actually not as cold as Minnesota in my opinion. Um So I thought
that was nice. It was a little warmer but yeah it's
still really brutal because it's super windy.
No.
All
Yeah.
Aren't you at the earliest?
But probably like april yeah.
I've been through sandy a couple of times and L. A. And my friend and I can't remember the city but it's in like March County.
And
you
know
I mean we just like don't really go anywhere because
we just want to be safe. So but
I think
I'm pretty sure you can dine indoors you just have to like wear your mask until you get to your table, which is, but
we
just
Hello?
Just because you can do them distribute that. You should.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go visit my pregnant sister in two months and
I'm very nervous. Yeah.
a good question. She's due early april
Just the second now.
She's
been concerned. So
like whatever. I guess I'd rather not have you be stressed?
no. Mm hmm. Yeah.
I wonder if my sister has figured out that she's gonna have to give her a mask yet. She's talked to be happy about that.
No.
Something I don't really understand. Yeah.
Some people,
no.
that's
thanks.
Something.
You just want to be mad. Anyone.
really
like your violent
and
so good. Um,
watch the UK version if you're going to watch it, it's better than the US version.
But it's, I don't know, like I know all of them are like some level of scripted, but I think like what I've gathered, it's like much less scripted than the other ones and they just like make it fun.
No.
producers will like tell people to say things, but I mean ultimately like people can say no, but they're like crazy stories of like producers locking people in closets and stuff if they don't do what
you
want.
Um, I like Big Brother. I don't know if you've seen it
probably because this season is really bad. Yeah, I stopped watching like it used to be my favorite show and I it is utterly
unwatchable now.
there's a couple of gifts that are like really popular that are from Big Brother that people just don't really know.
And
What kind of shows do you like? Yeah.
Well
I've seen like
two seasons,
I don't know.
Yeah, like it's good when I'm watching it, but when I'm not watching it like it never crosses my mind like oh I want to watch game of Thrones, it's just not, I don't know.
I don't remember.
And
Yeah it's annoying but the rent was a good price.
I think that's been 25 minutes. Mm
Yeah.
Yeah, it was so nice to meet you.