right. I have bad.
Okay.
Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
yeah, that's just even when I use my parents with,
I'm sorry. Okay.
Are never figure.
Thank you. I'm from pennsylvania.
Where you from?
Not too far away. My company moves in michigan.
No.
And that's
my dog.
All right. Um, I'm just working on art history for college.
after
you
do it?
Good good colleges. Uh huh. Mhm
Guys, Okay. They responded. Uh huh. I don't have to be good. As I can say. It's good with the bad. It's good there.
Yeah. Listen, our classes are online, but they kept a couple of comparison which available control the dumb ones to the other person with my english classes very soon, but they won't let me um, like the national people be impressed and like the one for me until I actually see here's one. Uh huh.
If
What?
Mhm Yes. Yeah. I don't I don't know why they're being so we're here that they can sit with
Probably uh you're starting football back up here.
Right. Yeah, we didn't like to. Mhm.
is nothing in the world.
Are you going to be impressed? Like on campus? The whole global, this is necessary.
So
well,
yeah, we're also doing that. Thanksgiving great. Um we're going home and will be going online from I'm actually all right, how many freshmen one? Mhm. We can make the walls that they're coming down.
I did not actually having to interact with my residents, which is actually pretty nice because I don't want to talk to.
So I have
to counseling sessions that's like that's, that's still absolute partial your afternoon. It's stupid that I don't know why I have to counsel them.
Mhm. So I check in like as much as you need someone to talk to you about the bones, unless it's like a roommate issue, it's an issue that come talk to me. So they give up for two seconds on zoom bill. I'm perfectly fine. This is stupid. And then that's it and that's what I put in my room.
When I'm on straight, I'm not getting hazard pay anything either, but we're smart enough to strike it.
So we get 3000 ft food and then we get I think $500 a semester.
All right. I don't know when the 500 every new thing. Um I just take care. Listen,
great.
I have no clue. I don't know if it was having cocktails in the eyes last year have been said if it was something needed last as well. Uh It's kind of yesterday
counts himself, so so in that with them, I just busted a party on friday. Um 20 people in a two person doing the real
the out 76 um after beer cans, uh what people Vodka that we're finished with an additional two that were being partially consumed independence of whiskey. Um and another two, and they had like another two more 12 packs of beer and Mhm, wow. So
you know from the door, because we saw a couple of people like run over and we felt we were going to get them to people and whatever, you don't have a poor people in the room and we knocked on the door and you do the open, stood up and they're all crammed in. There were all of it wasted and we didn't know what to do. We call that coordinator, We have coordinators wondering and she said
I hope
these you gotta have. So we show up um a
coordinator shows up and it turns out that half of the people in that door we're not from and say they're from pitt no mass no anything. They just campus in the middle of the night and decided to party. Um Yeah just like they let them in our dorms which you're not supposed to have people from other buildings. And the only thing that happened was the police effort. This is bullshit.
It's
so
You've seen the infamous video of Penn State. You're at the beginning of the semester on the freshman core exception. It was actually the first day I showed up because I was I was like two days wait because I'm on the R. T. C. And I was training in university. So I show up on keep this and that night that night midnight one am um my my window open and I sit here like loud child and stuff. I look out the window Probably 300 freshmen. No mass all set to all except stuff like playing, putting on its growth.
Oh right. Oh we're going to uh just show up there with a bunch of the other is the police showed up like we caught people and nothing happened to him. It was like the worst thing ever. Yeah
this is
this.
Well yeah
beginning
rest
continue.
I will be doing it next year. Mhm
I'm only a one my army ROTC scholarship so I picked my tuition. If I'm not, I picked up from my housing and food so I'm doing like not having to pay anything so I'm going to make this prices.
I am partially regretting my decision but you know, and eventually stable coming into this.
I give my car on campus.
Mhm. I paid for everything so for my college and stuff. Uh huh I want,
you know it. Mhm. Um I noticed you're, you're like the rainbow. They don't know binding. Yeah.
Are you LGBT?
Okay. Cool. I'm okay. Yeah. That's what I thought I had tied in with all that. That is why I am financially independent. My parents are not thrilled.
Yeah. They're not still the pound it, but it is what it is. I faced my own stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah,
partially out. Like every time I see them like my my friend Sarah, she's a good friend of mine. She's also an on here if
you see and you're like the only two gay people and are as you see um and she's my friend And whenever I mentioned her, my parents like, oh, you should date her, date her now.
yeah, I got
you.
You're a hero. You know, I'll let you see what you say. But in my head I'm thinking,
Yeah. My, my mom is definitely in denial and my dad just doesn't really bring it up. Oh
well God,
there is a,
my, my parents played the, the concern in the,
well, you have the military, you know, things might have changed, but you know, so you should just not ever mention it and you should just get a wife and just, well, no. Cool.
yes. Not like I've met so many like other like, uh huh This
isn't,
I do not have Tiktok.
Mhm. The guy's been on like Tinder and stuff and I can't tell you how many like, you know, like uniforms. I'm seeing like, like look at this like this is not the darkness is not like 1920 to calm down. Mom, Dad,
there was
so many of us.
So is my wife.
So, um, I kind
of screwed myself with New Jersey. So what we do is we have this thing called advanced camp and that's between junior and senior years in the summer. Um, I am just now a junior last summer I went to serve as we call it out for, which is like the short tended abbreviation of oppositional forces. So I spent in health in Fort Dix New Jersey. It's awful. The whole state can suck it. Um, and I slept out in the woods like the whole complex camping and stuff and eight camera. Yes. And are you supposed to get paid for it? We were supposed to get, there's these things called Oml points. I don't even know what a normal stand for but if it helps rank you. Um So when you go to like applied, like if I want to be aviation and military intelligence um were all ranked in the L. M. L. Points. So before you have the better you are. So I was supposed to get that this campaign and we show up on the first day and
I was
like a 3.5 hour drive for me. Which is an awful, but like I get there it's like 7:00 in the mornings or just drove like you know in the dark and I show up and we'll
all
walks in there and they go, oh yeah because covid
you're not being paid and you're not paying all no points and you can't
leave now that you're here. Yeah,
they blamed it on which was bullshit because they were still paying the like the junior is going to be seniors who had to be there, but because we have volunteered to go, they said fuck you guys, it was so but I was raining like more than half the time and yeah baby, they fucked up apparently with its normally at Fort Dix, they're not for dicks, that's where we were, It was knocks down like Kentucky whether it is. Um But it wasn't, it was Fort Dix,
they like move it. Um And they had to do like smaller groups, So it was all 10 today and then I think lost it. And one of the university model, they fucked up the housing situation
as
well. So they have barracks for all of the juniors and seniors, they did not have barracks for being out for. So we had to like use our like ponchos and build like a giant like 10th network out in the woods by ourselves.
It was like the worst thing that I've done and I was so mad the entire time
they told us they go all the way up to it. Like like literally the day before that we all went up, they're like, oh yeah, you know, you're the gameplay, your gang L. M. L. You know, um you're gonna like you're going to accept this and you just literally, the first thing they say is yeah. Well it sucks to be you guys know hey no ml and now you can't leave you. Have you
showed
up?
we
are
I don't think anybody who just showed up hope
so they look like no natural. Just not say anything.
Mhm. It sucked.
Oman. 30, it was 32 days. A little bit over.
Yeah. I'm gonna do it will be better once. Hopefully things will be better this summer. And it will go back to fort Knox and you know, I'll be able to actually sleep inside some of the time. And apparently
at fort Knox they have like actual like you go in there chow hones for like hot food and you don't have to eat your pre packaged bullshit. All right. So awful. Well with the benefit was that lost 22 lb
bollocks.
I mean I had maybe 10
that like to get me down to like healthier and I want past that. So is a little unhealthy then.
Maybe you should take a rest for your stuff. Playing.
Um That sounds gross.
All
I see
possible.
I see that in your dean commission public hunting sign that's actually stuck to my wall. Right.
Yeah. So what I was doing was I was illegally trespassing on a an abandoned military installation when I found um one of the bunkers was being used by the pennsylvania Game commission. So the first thing that came to mind was I stole your sign right
out
of there.
We had a whole bunch and I got like a fallout shelter one. I've got a whole bunch of like the ones
put it down
despite and stuff
who?
jeez they were just they didn't have a chilling in the basement.
Yeah it's not even like it like fits into their theme. It's just like a random
cancel your normal thing to do.
Great to do it again this summer. It will be worse. At least when I was last summer when near the opposition forces you gotta let you get to relax a little more and like you get to like actually like sleep through the night every night unless we're attacking someone they had to when like the
junior is going to be seniors. I don't know what to call them Alice. Like they were like when they went in the barracks, they were like out in the woods and they have to make patrol bases like big circles. Two thirds of them would have to stay at a week at all times. So you do have chefs and you can never sleep may and that's sucking
honestly I was down there and I was like, I don't
want to be in the army anymore. I think I even told my friend that that we drove together. I was like, Steph, I do not want to be in the army. I want to go.
We was so dead. We're like nothing to do. Like we didn't have phones, we didn't have books or anything or
is
well they have a set packing list and you couldn't bring anything outside of the packing list. So like if we had known would have been sleeping outside literally the entire fucking month. We would have actual tent up because they don't we don't matter. We don't need to like be like and in and stuff. We were just we were Yeah. No, they didn't have to stick with the patent lists. They inspected our gear when we showed up. Um So yeah, so then we ended. It's called a huge it's um it's when you use your poncho and you make like a little like makeshift and it's supposed to be for like Two days math not stretched out to 32. So we're tying all our ponchos together and like made like a giant like dome in the woods that we're trying to sleep under secret ring own stuff.
Would I do it again? Not willingly.
Yeah. About 30 now and we
it's great to meet you too.
This gas. I hope you have to you know enjoy the messy of semester. Hopefully you know nobody gets covid and they they this football thing does not go hardly horribly wrong and fuck everything up. We can. No, I have a good one.