Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. What?
Hello? Yeah,
can you hear me?
I can hear you but it sounds like almost like staticky.
no problem. I get started by saying you, so we're all good.
No, it's no problem. Well, my name is Gabrielle.
How you doing today? You know, I'm a little sleepy. I don't know about you. I'm on Eastern Standard time, so it's like nine. I have.
now
I'm from michigan. Yeah.
How do you know a part?
Mm That's
fair.
That's totally fair. Yeah, I
uh I never see you go to Okay.
I
toured
there. I go to the University of Michigan. Yeah.
So how has your university responded to Covid?
Uh huh. Okay. Are you guys like doing like hybrid and stuff like that?
that's crazy. That's insane. So I'm like a business student. There is legitimately zero reason for my,
any of my none of my thoughts should be in person. And yet some of them are like hybrid because you choose whether or not you're in person. Meanwhile I do have like two nurses to the roommates. They don't
want to the hospital all the time.
What? Uh It's so weird though because I'm like, Like 15 years they're going to look back and be like, Oh, maybe we should have done this instead.
Same. Same. Which it's probably the, I think they're done missing. That could have done because I don't know about y'all. But we just hit like a new spike in cases like our Quarantine housing has just hit like 100% capacity.
It's super embarrassing. And then like one of our big rivalry games is on, not only is it on a saturday. Not only is it a night game, but it's also on Halloween. So yeah, when I found that out, I was like, oh, we're gonna die. Okay.
No, it's gonna be really bad. I'm probably gonna leave like the city for a little bit. Just because that's atrocious. Never.
No. So I guess um we have like a week long break for thanksgiving. I don't know when it starts but a week off for thanksgiving and then everything is going online, but I'm pretty sure there's still letting people stay in the dorms. And the dorms have gotten. Yeah. Exactly. And then I've heard the dorms have gotten so bad. One of them legitimately just had to shut down and
just
complete lockdown because they just had so many cases. Okay.
Oh so okay. So I wasn't already last year I quit. But how is it being like an R. A. In all of this? Because I can only imagine, but I haven't found a chance to talk to any ras
I feel that in my soul you have no idea how much I feel that. Oh
I'm
Yeah, you're not trained on that.
You right mm. Yeah that it's hilarious because it's so ridiculously tragic that you can't really do anything except laugh about it because they shouldn't be doing that. I don't know if you heard but like rrs went on strike. So we had um are like graduate student employees went on strike. So a lot of like discussion classes were cancelled. Um All right, the door of my house was open really loudly. Um One of my my germ, I'm a german minor so my german classes got canceled because like half the department is run by graduate students. She cancelled class. Then our our race went on strike because they're like wearing these dorms with these idiot freshman. You're not providing any any safety precautions, no hazard pay nothing. And our dining hall staff went on strike as well. Uh huh.
Do you guys get paid at your university as an R. A.
Yes. We just got free housing and food and they said be happy with that. Yeah.
Maybe they're considering
manager hasn't pay.
Yikes.
whoa. Mhm.
Mhm.
And
with.
Uh huh.
I don't I'm like what pisses me and I was like a thing that pissed me off as an R. A. Whereas like if I were to do something like that I would lose my job and there and they just tell them don't don't do that, peter don't do that. So man thought that's so bad. And you're just looking like why What, what is the point of me even being here? Why did I have impressive what was the point? Because you're not gonna do anything, but they're just gonna find another location and do whatever they want to do elsewhere.
They're
not we need kicked out. Like what? It doesn't it doesn't make sense. Why don't why isn't there some level of accountability on their end as well? Whereas, like there's a lot more repressions if I do that stuff, but I'm only like a year two years older than them.
I don't know.
God,
it's
atrocious. That is atrocious. I'm so sorry that you're dealing with that as it All right. Because I I know much has to suck.
wow. Are
you waiting
hard from the sophomore? Junior Senior?
Mhm. Okay. So hopefully are you doing this again next year?
have this, You know what? I have faith in you.
I understand. I understand. I get it. Um I couldn't have done that so kudos to you for your mental strength because those kids destroyed me.
I was gonna say I'm sure your family is geeked about it though. Maybe we'll do you wait do you have a do you have a car?
Okay. So I was gonna say maybe they'll like if your gas or something and just so thank you.
Financially independent.
yes,
I am. I am the B.
I know. I under Okay. It's all coming together now. I see.
At least you know that's why you can do this for another year. You're really here just like this is nothing. This is nothing, wow.
Yeah, I'm not out to my parents fully yet. They just think that I'm just an ally right now. Okay.
Oh,
have
Yeah. Yeah. It's for my sister. I have three sisters, all three of them though that I'm by and it's terrible because like I'm also so I'm like I'm bisexual, but I'm also Demi sexual. You heard you heard of that? Okay. Because I'm like sometimes I tell people and it's like a 5050 shot of people knowing what I'm talking about.
But
so um I did I came out to my parents saying that I was Demi sexual like to a year or two years ago somewhere around there. They did not take it very well. So now like every time my mom brings up, she's like, oh my god, when you get married and then to die, your husband is going to be devoted to. Uh I mean when I say this will just look at each other and she'll just casually checks me be like your wife, gorgeous partner.
Yeah. I'm hoping like I think my dad is starting to catch on a little bit and I also like said to get like three piercings this week. So next, when I go home for the holiday, I think my dad is gonna be like, are you, are you you know, are you just, I'm sure, I think my mom is just in denial about it. I think she kind of knows, but I think she's in like full denial. Yeah.
Which I don't understand. I don't, I really don't get like what the issue is. I'm like, it's just people, you know, it could be worse. Like we can be into bestiality,
we could be into drugs and they really want. There are worse things.
Oh
No.
Does she not realize that there's like a whole L G B T Q plus community within the ability?
it's the
way of a deer tick tock.
Okay. You need to get Tiktok because first of all, I'm not even about like the military life, but somehow I managed to get on like lesbian military Tiktok. I don't know. But I guarantee you there's a ba jillion, gay military. Just people on Tiktok, they love doing the coming home and surprising my partner with some right of outfit. That's like their favorite trend.
You start taking screenshots and just sending it, your mom be like, it's not just me. It's not just
me.
Oh, so I have a question sober. It's our ROTC. Right? It's the way I was. I had residents last year for an ROTC and I think I said R. T. O. C. For a whole semester And No one corrected me. Mhm. But
so my question is, is everyone in ROTC because you said you were in training in New Jersey? Do you guys all going to New Jersey?
I know.
I
could.
Thank
you.
I don't.
Boy,
they said because of Covid.
Very quick.
No, no,
no.
Right. Okay. That sounds like my nightmare.
I would be fuming because why didn't they tell you that you, Did they tell you? Like while you're already like there that you were getting paid?
That
meant
that they could
have been,
You mean obviously be like, hey, you're not gonna get paid with it if you still want to come. You can
of course not.
That is disrespectful.
So whoa, okay. Sorry, that just you were there for a month.
Uh huh. That sounds terrible. But you did it, you know, you can do it.
man.
is
that a good thing?
No.
Okay. I was saying flashbacks to win. Um my residents were like one of them, his name is Cameron and he was like uh because my nickname is G so he just goes, G I gained £25 and this man was skinny and I was like where he goes? It's muscle and I'm like, okay, because I was wearing because there's there's no meat on your body third. Uh huh. He was like, yeah, you know, I was I guess he wasn't like another weight class, which was like a big deal to him. I don't remember why, but he was really hype about it.
I don't know.
I just remember. I think he was on I think he was in the Navy branch.
Mhm. I could be wrong because he was either in the Navy Ranch or the Air Force branch. I don't it was like a room full of six guys. They were all in ROTC and they were they were they were like split between Navy and Air Force.
No, I think he was in the Navy because his roommates were in the Air Force because they stole a propeller. I
was definitely supposed to report that I didn't,
I'm sure that makes a great like icebreaker story isn't All right.
I'm
not
judging. It's the way I've stolen a great money aside
balance.
That's
amazing. I really want to steal a street sign. I think I really want to try and go steal like the street sign for the house that I grew up. That just like I have that with me forever renew a family. They I don't know if they stole it or if they found it because it was broken. But I like the topical they stole it just because it's much more interesting. But a traffic light
they can sit in their basement. And I learned that those things are in fact very heavy. No, I tried to lift it and I was like this fella in your car. You would be dead.
Mhm. No. And their basement wasn't finished. It's like the only thing done.
It literally looks like a dungeon and then do a number on the floor with big track like Yeah
you know they were a little they were a little crazy, they were really funny but they were crazy wow. Oh I'm still thinking about your month long camping extravaganza honey.
they offer.
Yeah it couldn't be me can it be me?
What?
that's not funny but it's hilarious.
Wait
they did you just not bring books or did they tell you don't bring books?
no wow. You know?
Uh huh wow okay that's just it's just it's gonna be a big bat yanks for me. Thank you max wow. Mhm Okay well On that note I don't want to hold you I think we hit the 25 minutes.
but it was great reading you.
It's the way that I'm definitely going to be telling this story like couldn't like which french is insane, But I wish you the best of luck. I hope you never have to do that intense camping again. I wish you luck with your residents and I hope all of them get their butts kicked when they get home for being just disrespectful.