Hi
there.
Hi,
what's up? How are you?
it's actually quite well. I got so much done today so I'm just enjoying relaxing my evening. Um, how about you? You look very happy. I like that. Okay.
Sorry.
I just, um, as you see, like I just collect the earring. I mean not hearing your fun. Yeah.
doctors So addicting.
Yeah, I could
go hours
and hours. Uh huh
huh
All right
girl. Tell
me about
it.
I think I joined around the time that you joined because of like the pandemic, like, you know home all day And like, and like before everyone was like on a Tiktok under posting Tiktok talking about take time and like I will never going to go on that thing because like, like, I don't know, I feel like chick dog is like the gen z, like those young kids things. And then, oh my God, Covid got me until I take talk and it's like going through like so
addicting and now I'm
trying to like start making, making that sink top. It's not it's not working for me. But like, yeah, I enjoy just looking
at it. Yeah.
it
does
well.
So
you got into your husband instituto but you, you you want it later?
that's funny
I
believe.
All
my
That's funny.
What?
Yeah. There's so many fun stuff. So like yesterday I was just like uh you know like those random, like what is it called? Like, like the post that suggested for you. So just like going through and I saw this guy, I think his comedian slash like um like try to get into acting and stuff. So he was making fun of those, like the influencers
and he was like, um, like he bought this like the ring light where like every influences has it. And he had the talk like great out like on top over his head and he was like, oh my God guys, I just got this like the night cream.
It was like a pretty
and then pay 10 is like, so everyone's been asking how I got my makeups dad. It was so hilarious. I was sharing with my girlfriends. They're all laughing and like, yeah, it was so fun. So much fun. Yeah. Yeah.
What else has been going on?
make
Oh my God, I'm so glad that you will have your time enjoying for the evening. Oh,
how
old
are
they
wow.
So how
is that going with the all like covid and pandemic? It must be really hard to having kids all the time at home. Yeah.
I
fine.
I'm sure.
She's
being like a future fashion ist, you know, like just being trendy.
She
knows
what she knows what she wants, wow, she's
going to be a strong
woman and just like
rolling.
Like
your own well, why? What? How old are you? Oh my God, I'm so sorry. Like wait,
you what? What? Oh my God, just stop your lying.
America.
No.
Okay, so first impression I thought you were because I'm 30 and I thought that you were like 25 6 and then because you were and then you were saying, oh you have like a young kid, so okay, so she must have got married early and then you're like, you have older, I'm like how old it could be like maybe 11, 12. Nice. What?
What?
you look,
Yes, you are.
that's
amazing.
By
thursday
I
say,
I tell
them.
It's
really important to have the younger generation to realize how they are valued and like how beautiful
they are in the young age because like the confidence and self esteem is really going like with the environment that they're growing up, right? So because like to give you an example, like it's my personal experience, I grew up in a very traditional asian family and growing up like um because of the cultural that we were we were the men dominant is way much higher than the women. So in a family it's like men should always be the one who is charging and women's always be the one who's like always had to follow and stuff like that. I remember in a very young age like probably three or four. Um My like my gran, my grandparents, they were really like like into that like their culture like very like male like dominated cultural. So like even when they were having dinners that men always get to sit at the table and woman's had like a separate table. I like I didn't yeah I didn't realize that but like until I moved to this country and I like of course I like I educated
with
all those like you have to have like equality and like women is also being valued and that education now that I think about it like it was really fucked up like like I understand the situation like they were growing up like how they learned but still like it's really not okay. So yeah I like
I remember I was like really shy I like I didn't want you to talk and I didn't want everyone to call it all like me even
a teacher during class and I was like shaky like I don't like what I'm gonna say what I'm gonna say. And then like later on like I see all those like you know like like love yourself and uh B positive stuff like that. So I slowly grow out and you know like try to like be more positive and out there and spoke of myself so yeah I'm like I'm so glad that your daughter is like you know like loving herself and having her own opinion that's really matter.
You
know
of course you do look young.
I only speak the truth, you know?
It was
I'm waiting
for.
for
Yeah.
Respect.
Working.
Yeah.
yeah.
Thanks.
That's
important.
That's that's
important.
That's
the plan
which
is
like
that. He
just
did
not.
For
Sometimes
you just
got to show your power to earn the respect otherwise like they will just, they think that they will, you know. Yeah,
that's right
for
you
then.
True.
Teaching.
So
I am in a bit of a situation in 2020 because I am I am a student still because I took like um right after like I
enrolled in college right after the high school and then I was like uh it's just gonna be a piece of paper, it's not gonna do anything. Let me figure out the life. So I was out of the campus for like almost five years. I was doing my own thing, obviously didn't work out so
I
decided to go back to the college like
campus and
um yeah here I am, this is
my last semester. I am very excited and
thank you. And then um that's been really hard because everything is online now and a lot of professors are like old you know, so they're having a difficult time, difficult times to figure out like how how to do this like how to send
your email. You know like it's um it's frustrating but I get it like it's a difficult time. And also um I do have a full time job as well um being an assistant. It's not really something that you wanna do especially during the pandemic because um you like um like you have to communicate with your boss very well and um under the circumstances that cannot physically be in the office and like assist him. It's very difficult. So stress is a little
bit around the work and the school. But yeah hopefully a finger across everything's gonna turn well in 2021. Hi. Right.
yeah. The first
year is going to be very tough.
This
you
know
what?
Slowly.
I'm
sorry. I like to wake up. Oh
No
remember
remember trump said that we're going to go back to the normal like by the easter sunday. I'm like
dude you are out of your mind like you're not like are you listening yourself like
hey
what?
He is.
It
just
flashes
me like every time I think about it. So I um I was like I listened to podcasts lately for some reason like it comes me down when I'm like um like uh like you know like at home like I like you know like we're always home so I try to take a walk as much time as I can. So I started listening to podcast and in this podcast they were uh they went to this, I forgot what town was it but it was somewhere in pennsylvania and that they were um like they were like 99% of the democrat before the trump but um like right before the trump get elected, everyone just went for voting trump and they become a red like red and then um they were interviewing this to guy two men um where they came from like very strong democratic family and
they were saying that because like all of the like they they said something and I just made me realize that okay so I kind of get why like the people in
the middle of nowhere and like
like countryside will go for trump because like first of all they are, most of them they never been outside of the United States and they think that um of course you know like
you
like America is still very strong country but obviously it's not the word best now right? Like we have to admit that um and also like on top of that that they are still think that they are the best and there are still like very afraid of like being taken away what they used to have and trump got that and he went their head and manipulating their minds and just think that we will get back what we used to have and we're not going to lose anything so everyone just went crazy and
things like this guy's our savior you know like they're they're like cult you know like Yeah.
mostly.
huh.
my
God, how sad
is that?
Thanks.
Yeah it's
and
every
increases
up.
No.
it
was never
gray right.
and nobody really
knows.
The course
of
action.
But
What?
He cannot bring like, okay, even though the like
America have used to be great, but you cannot bring the old stuff back because it is what it is. The word is changing innovations. It is like constantly like even that we're sleeping. Word is changing how you're going to bring the oldest stuff back. It's just not making any sense.
Yeah and like okay so there's gotta be something like the racial thing that he is, you know like.
so how much that he divided this country during the pandemic? You know like there is no specific data that we can prove it, but everyone knows like I don't know. I just like it's it's crazy. I live in in new york city um New york city is very liberal everyone. I just so friendly. Like personally um personally
I never never experienced racism. Like I like like really like
maybe someone talked about me but like I never like um like face it you know? But like during a pandemic hey everywhere ago like like people like white people will like kind of like stay away from me
and at first I got really like her. But um I got it and um like last on the fourth of july me and my boyfriend
when
went to pennsylvania for a couple of days just to get away and it was like a super white town, like super white. And I went to the store and
like by myself because he was in the car and like I was like try to get a water and
the owner was like and then
the
customer there was to customers and they were all white and there was staring
at me and when I say when I said hi, how are you? And they were a bit of a shock because I think first of all they were expecting me not speaking english and they were like, oh hi. And it's like, oh you're speak english, okay, good. We can, I can communicate with it. And I was like, okay, I'm being nice, blah blah blah. And he was like, okay. So how
is china
doing? I'm like, hmm. Yeah,
I guess you're doing well. You know? And then I, and then I was like, forget about water. I just came out.
it was really something. But yeah,
I do.
what
is
going
on?
Which
is usually
let's take
like
people,
it's
that
easy, just wear a mask. You know, like
it's
not for its not first
anyone else's for yourself. It's like you protecting yourself, Why are we still fighting for that? You know? It's not something that
you
were
like? Yeah.
Not
clear.
No.
What?
Please
take
it on
women
like,
like
Sprinkling
order,
that's the
food.
This
cheap.
Fuck you.
my brother,
thanks.
There
was all
the
time.
Like
what?
So,
it is. Oh my God,
I just
it's
africa
I
keep telling people like trump is creating a massive cult, like that's what it is like there's nothing else. So I um okay, I have uh before you go like I'm just gonna, have you ever watched this um do you watch the Daily show? IsIS?
Okay, so there's this video they
recently
did?
No no no it's with Trevor Noah yeah so they recently um one of the coordinator, it's called the Jordan Klepper. He recently went to one of the trump rally to interview those people and he's really funny like is hilarious and he's going over like some people interviewing and you've got to watch this, the interview, it's like six minutes and you can just youtube it, it's funny. But like at the one last highlight that he interviewed this guy, of course white guy and he the interview asking like, so do you believe in trump? And he's like yes and why
is that? And
the guy
was like trump is doing great, like under the trump administration, we like the economy is growing booming and my business is doing really like our business doing really well. And
he was like, oh great, like how much? And he was like the like I was like oh like our business like grow like 40% something and he was like okay so what do you do? And guess what he does? He's working
at it then collecting company.
my God, it's hilarious. And he believes that it kind of was really doing well because he's getting worked at collecting, you know? Hey, it's hilarious. Yeah. So when you
have
time
just looking at interview people are so stupid, we're so stupid.
I am looking forward to this debate. Okay.
Yeah.
Did you heard
that they're
going to
mute
the mic
automatically?
But
two weeks
ago it
was a disaster
he's gonna shout into. I
know.
But
I was like
they couldn't
chap
him
in the in the glass glass room and just like sound proof, you know? Yeah.
No,
he's embarrassing.
I think
that's
another
thing
I
don't
understand
like
trump supporters as a woman. You hear the fact of like what he did so many times over and over and you threw okay with that I guess you don't value yourself as a woman. Yeah.
Like
this.
But
no.
color
and
People
couldn't go to school bitch. Oh my
God, I'm crying. So funny.
explain to me how Covid is cool.
I want to know why she thinks that Covid is cool because
you get
to
chill
at home.
mm
I like his reaction. Oh.
I can I can. Oh my God.
How empty their brain is like uh did I even went to the school at all like
What
so?
No
sounds
Why are you taking
This man, you know what my first thought when I heard that um when I got a news of like he got a covid, I was like okay, it's time for you to try to drink Clorox, see if that works. You know, why not? You said it, you said it would work. Uh huh
And somebody
No,
it
was,
there
always
has been, it's just like it I think you're right. It was good that because we brought up those sensitive
issues to the world to see how how bad it actually is and now we know who is racist, who
is
not. Hopefully that we can work it out when vitamin means just, I don't know, it's ever gonna 100%
is
gone,
but like hopefully we'll get cooled down and things slowly gets the normal. I
think they
thank you.
And
well,
I think
to support him. Yes.
He's an
old
man.
Christine.
This
other
me too. Me too. It's like this guy, first of all, big fact, he ignores science. He ignores climate change, he ignores women, he ignores what else, everything that you can possibly think of. He's just on top of the world like he thinks that he rose like all the words, just looking at him as a clown, just like uh
I mean
ha
ha
I don't think that's
possible,
but I hope so
too. I'm like dying li having him to lock down, you know? Yeah,
the hair.
I love
The only thing
like
you
so
much. You're so funny.
All
Mhm. That's right. Mhm.
That's
No
worries.
But
we both caught on the topic like we were firing like I love that.
it's just like with
the politics, especially with the trump is just a never ending story. Like he's just doing so many like stupid things that we can never top end, you know? Yeah,
it's simply
it's better.
Unbelievable.
Just like are we
really living in a 2020 where like the president is like telling everyone just like Covid is a joke, you know?
The thing that
was so
funny
and then undeliverable.
So I'm
watch.
I
me
too.
I
was like, I thought the fly was in my computer. I was like trying to like wait a
second.
That is a flight.
Give
me
but.
They
can make
it up
anything. Like why don't you say that fly is a alien that like here to watching the stupid debate
like
the
thing.
No
this sound black man like I think what the fuck? What? Cool.
Have
you seen
that?
I'm so sorry to cut you off. Like speaking of the flight, have you seen the trump administration? Whoever charged in a twitter account? Oh my God, hilarious. Like right after fly. Um They had a biden with the, I don't know what to call like the thing that you can punch
just
like yeah and like sitting sitting in there like chipping in for $5 or fly. I'm like, you need, you deserved a reason.
And yeah,
so sorry to holding the conversations way beyond
the time.
It
was great. I think it was one of the best conversations that I have ever had lately. Like so fun.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I hope that you will get the rest of the night peacefully all the way to tomorrow
morning and maybe tomorrow you'll have
fun time with your kids.
You
too. Bye.