Okay. Yeah. So true. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm Okay. Yes. Yeah. He's, why don't you go what? Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. All that crap. So I'm not sure. I want to check her. Look at me. Look at me. You really? Mhm Yeah. Oh. Mhm
Hi.
Good morning. Good night. How are
you doing?
My sleeping, my chance. I'm good. I'm good. How's your evening going so far?
thank you. I'm just right here going through some Tiktok right now. I'm whining
from today.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh No. I said no. I was just here, um, looking at Tiktok while
I was being, I know, right?
I
stopped.
me too. I just started it. Um
hmm.
Like 2 to 3 months ago, uh, as being so addicted. Like the time goes by so fast
because
there be
so many funny things going on.
I
know.
Well,
I think, um, well, it's a funny story. So I do like, I did like some substitute teaching, right? And so the kids was telling me about Tiktok, they was giving me a joke. And so I was like, what's Tiktok?
Because I guess
they call me all of school. And so they started, you know, they look after them, they pull up,
pull up that phone and they started like showing me the videos and I thought it was funny. So I told my husband about it. Um and he's like, oh, okay then. And so he got hook right, like around when they had the pandemic started. So after a while I would see him be laughing on this
one. I'm like, what you looking at?
right. I didn't bother with it because I thought it was like for the little kids and stuff. So,
uh anyway, he was laughing and stuff like that.
So I
said, let me just check it. And he showed me the videos so I was like okay, so I started doing
it myself and the algorithm is really good because everything that I like doing it started like um just displaying those type of content. So it was hilarious charlie, I'd be looking in that there was this guy who came on at first and he must be was the real like O. G. Or something back in the day because he was like oh you jen I forgot what he called, the younger ones, right? But he was like I think gen z or whatever, I'm the younger ones who are now. And he started saying oh well he said y'all acting cool and stuff and say this is not for old people, but let me know um I used to say we was hot back in the day and we used to wear but I wasn't
around that time but
you know the type pants
and we had to zip up are jeans with the hangar so you know I used to break down on the streets, break dance on the streets and stuff like that. So anyway it was just hilarious when he was saying so I said okay let me just follow and then you know as as it's funny.
But yeah.
It
I am
It's the
just nothing much I'm just kind of like winding down from the day. I do like call him schooling right now my kids so
they are sleeping and I am so excited so I just can't wait to go my back myself.
so
I'm just
like
sitting
there. They are five and eight. Yeah
so stages
the Children.
it is it this is like I
thought like a couple of years ago I thought like, oh yeah, I'm gonna be doing home schooling and stuff, you know, I started doing some research on it, but that is no joke. Um I think, I don't know if they're being different if I actually was putting together my own curriculum versus what they're doing right now because it's like,
it's so much for the kids to be online all day. There are lying for like what, almost
6 to 7 hours a date and it's just like okay you have to keep them engaged and stuff like that. My my daughter, she is a trip. She she's in this whole princess, he phase things, so half the class. She's always changing the clothes and she got I had I gotten this princess dress, so she's always in this princess dress and stuff and I always have been running her back and
is let Me Tell you,
charlie trendy and stuff and she doesn't like, her personality is like, wow, she's much more greater than me that I was at that age because she's super, super confident. So even if her hair, it does not look
like the greatest, she's
like,
knows
what she wants,
definitely,
but you know something I realized like with her, like I have older kids to their 19, they're
twins and
39.
no, thank
you girls for saying I love you because
I feel so old.
That's
wrong. Thank you. You made me feel so good tonight because I'd be like 12, you're looking all that girl,
thank you,
thank you, thank you so much.
But
I just I just realized like with them because of the difference in the age group, I didn't do this stuff with them that I do with my younger one, so with my younger
ones
I started to
like
say
I tell
them I said you're beautiful, but my daughter like you're beautiful, you're smart, you're a genius, and I start like calling her and I tell you start telling them what she's gonna start 11 her repeat these affirmations and she is so like so super overconfident because of that, so it works
because my
and
I
mean,
But
Guys,
I think like right now, you know, I'm just learning these stuff right now, you know as a parent, because I was younger when I had my older ones, but it's like um you just gotta go with what's going on right now and be able to just do the best that you can do by just starting like to build positivity within the younger generation and also for me personally to to keep on you know uplifting and stuff for me like okay
you
know you're beautiful and stuff like that even though you don't feel like it cause Chaplin's you just made my night girl, you told me I look young.
But
so it was amazing but I just try to do that with her and to give her that confidence so when she grows up she doesn't need a man for uh that's what you call it. Self assurance is uh she's
independent because she knows, hey, guess what
whatever
I want I can get when I when I say whatever I want, I can get more or less meaning that. Guess what if I put the work into it. I can actually get this. And then I have my parents
who were there for me so they don't have to like go there and do all these other little things just to try and get ahead. So I just think like right now like in this thing and age and stuff like that, you got to do so much uh
empowering to the girls and the boys so that they can no, I guess what they are valued and that their voices really do count and stuff. And also
respects because that's the major thing because being here in the United States, one thing I've learned
is like mm the respecting with the kids and stuff like that is like chocolate just it's take some getting used to because when some of these kids used to be like yes and no. Like just here all I am don't you know, don't ask me no Yes or no. You know? And after they get a hold of me for real, they're like, yes ma'am,
No ma'am, yes
ma'am. No ma'am. And that's because that's my culture. That's what I was brought away. Like I have people who I still say yes ma'am and no man too. And they were like, you could
say it but I said, you know, that's in terms of respect that stuff and I don't care if you like if you have a little bit of authority or whatever. It's all about a matter of respect. And that's what I try to teach them. And also to understand that they have to value who they are and value who you are is actually being able to be respectful because some of these some of the kids who I encounter or engage with, you know I'd be like funny home training but then to when you really get down and you start talking to them and you start kind of like maneuvering them and trying to get to understand them. You find out like hold on, their parents don't play, it stops so you know their their their parents
do
not play
and stuff.
So I had like a hispanic
boy
in my class and
he was
just
like
he's
just
being
like naughty. So I was like okay then you know, so he said oh miss you just need to go do your job. I said sweetie let me tell you something, I say you will not check me, I will check you and if you want to I will check you out this room. And he was like uh everybody classes like oh miss I said baby. And he just he just looked at me and stuff like that and whatever. And after that listen I had no problem with him because I was like okay it's about respecting and you find it a little bit, oh yeah, his mama don't play with that with him either. So he's like my mama what my
um and I was like really? But
but you come
here.
Yeah they do and it's so sad because sometimes you just gotta listen um
and
just
kind of like listen to what the adults say because
if you do then that will help you stir you in the right direction. Not that you have to take everything that you know we say and be like, oh this is gospel, but then no sit back, analyze, re evaluate and then come up and say, okay, let me see if this actually works and then if it doesn't work then do your own thing. But just sit back and take a moment and just reflect before you actually just go out
there and do some crazy stuff. But but it is be interesting. Teaching is interesting. Well subsidy was scarce teaching but that
is interesting in there. My kids and stuff like that girl. They had me laughing and stuff. So it's being interesting depend on because really been interesting. So what about you? Are you working right now?
Are you in school?
that,
thank
you.
And
this.
there.
So congratulations.
Thanks.
But
I'm I'm like, okay Lord, please please let I don't mean to be political let bite and win. So everything could turn around yeah and stuff because I know if I believe and I could be wrong if biden wins then we will get back to normal in 2022. Not 2021 because he will have to actually meet with first of all developed his team which I'm sure he has
but
he has to get together and then he has to meet with all the global
leaders and all of them have to have a plan because
it's
not
gonna work it just the United States. It has to be everybody working together a common goal to defeat this virus. So like 2022 everything would actually start going back to normal.
But if homeboy win charlie is I can't tell you when
this thing's over. That's like I could.
Yeah because it's so serious, it's like, you really don't know. So I was telling my mom the other day because she worked in hospitality and the hotel is closed and stuff, but she's like, oh looking forward to go back to work because she's being off since the pandemic and I'm like charlie, I said, well you better start looking for something else to do, because she's like, oh, the hotel said they're going to open in november. I'm like mom and dad hotel is not open in november
and nobody's traveling,
nobody is traveling.
No,
listen,
I seriously think like
most of the time I'd be like, we live in an alternative reality because
half the things he says and listening to what people say or how people support him is, it's so crazy,
is beyond believable.
Like
I
And
People,
It does.
What's
your name?
And
It's that, that is true. They really thought so and it's so sad because um I live in like a rural area and a lot of the places like
when I first moved down there, I was really um fascinated
by the farmland because there was so much some live, there was so much orange groves, so many cows and stuff like that or whatever. I was saying, let me tell you, there are no more orange girls. You
can,
everything
is like closing, closing down, you don't see that much anymore. Um you don't see the animals that live stuff like you used to see anymore. It's crazy. So for me it's like this man lie to you, but yet listen, I still see a lot of them have them big trump and pence.
Big signs up, right? And I'm like,
it's crazy because then to me
like, I don't want to say I follow little media and everything right? But it's like that the common thing is probably that they're racist because even though he promised you these things and stuff like that, because for me, I was trying to figure out, okay, make America great again, what does that mean? And so I did a little bit of research and so it was like back to his, um I guess his grandfather's arrow when they came to the United States and they was able to like, you know, they were
immigrants and they were able to successfully um increase
their
wealth to gain wealth while being here. But back then too, it was like a lot of segregation. Um it was a lot of everything was more like whitish and all that other stuff. So for him that was probably
the best time because I'm still trying to figure out okay what part of it was great because I thought the american
dream
was
It was it was never but to certain people it was like this ideology. Um and nobody
sat
down and asked him that question like, what made America great please
to
say,
okay, we're gonna go back to that time. The only thing that I can see that they kind of support it was the fact that okay, all of this basically hate because all of the stuff that made America great would have been um the fact that they were
able to manufacture their own cars, they were more self sufficient back in the day
and now they're not as self sufficient as they were. And listen, he hasn't even done anything to bring back any business to the country
like
It's ludicrous,
is capitalizing on that.
From
Experience
That is mm
Or you
make
And
what?
Is
that
what?
It is
perhaps,
Mhm.
I know it is.
it really isn't. I just I just
hope like everybody just gets out there and vote. That's
the thing.
Just go
out there
and vote because it's so divided and it's so it's
so
hurtful just to keep on seeing everything that's happening
and not
getting better. And just to see like
people like it just don't make no sense. Like wear a mask, wear a mask
that's all just put on
the map.
Just
wear
It's
it
was
just
do right. And it just makes, it makes no, it makes no. Since the fact that he's
up
there um just lying constantly like okay, it's so funny. I had this 11 of my friends um you know back in, back in the day. Oh my gosh, she couldn't lie like a fish. Yeah. He told me his mom said um Arthur, if I tell you if I see the sky white, you will tell me the sky red and you were trying to sell me on the sky being read
but I see the sky is white and he's like that's how he sells to people. He's a good salesman. He could sell you anything and when he started lying I'll be like, you've got to stop and I just I used to get a headache because he's the lie so
much, right? But the thing about it is is the most people want to be caught. So people used to let them condom and stuff like that. But it was just funny. And so when I see everybody with the trumps thing, I'd be like calling you notice about, I'm lying right? You could research it, you could just put it in google and just see or you know what I'm saying because it's right there and he's lying and you're just sitting right there and you're just like
just
taking
it
all in.
Like it's a
like, how do I say like a fresh air and stuff like that because I'll be at the store and you'll be seeing everybody's socializing like
at the restaurants
and stuff like
that.
And like this bunch of white people, uh,
with no mask, they acting like it's just like Corona don't exist. And I'm sorry, I'm so animated. But I just, I'm so shocked that so many people just act like it don't exist and stuff. And then to see like, like I said, the Tiktok is my favorite, but, and I can let you go right now just
to see like um, I was watching this Tiktok video and they had this guy, he was, we worked at Starbucks. No, I think it was a girl and she has a person. The, the lady had a mask and she took the mask off and she was like, um,
she wanted to give her order at Starbucks. And so the
barrister said, can
you please play back for your mask and then I will assist you. And she was like, oh, you're mad because I'm a trump supporter this now and whatever else. And you're being racist against me said, listen, I'm not, I'm just asking you to put on
your mask
for me fever.
And
she's like, oh, trump 2020 trump 20.
I'm like
quick. So then she leaves, right? And then because you know, they're recording everything that right? She leaves and then she comes back and she's like black, black lives mother. I was like, so
where did that come in? I'm like, these people are literally going crazy. And so what happened? And it's like they're now being put on blast on Tiktok or instagram or facebook and your whole career is being sabotaged. Not because people say, okay, we don't stand for this. And it's just like, because you believe in everything that's man sane, which is a bunch of foolishness because
call that
if you look at the numbers and you see like how much people are dying and you're just acting like anyway, it's just like you
live in a walk reality and stuff and
so I'm just like always
home right now, just trying to be like, oh my gosh, I want to go out and stuff, but I just can't
I used to, but not frequently,
the
one with Stephen
Colbert, that's the one that Stephen Colbert,
What
word
of?
but
what?
I think I saw that one
Wait
for
it.
They are, it's just been amazing. It's been amazing just to see, well hopefully we have a new president in the next two weeks who can do what needs to be done?
Yes,
me too.
I
wasn't
gonna
watch
it
Mhm Until they said the music night thing and I was like, oh yeah,
because I say this could be a comedy show
because
when
he ran the music a mike,
I
know. He's gonna tell
who's gonna, I'm expecting et is that shouting? Or you can walk across that stage or you can walk off that stage? He could do something crazy,
so
I
just want to see
that.
that
man, I just, I can't say enough.
Okay, he's so embarrassing. His his total disrespect and disregard for women, His just his manipulative behavior.
The fact
that,
you
know
what's
crazy
about everything
too.
I
was
wondering if it's because they are their husbands,
but then some
of them young because another funny Tiktok, so someone pulled up this guy this, okay, so they were the white girls and it was in this,
in this car
and he said, look what all trump has done. You know, since he thinks, um, he's being a present president, especially this year has been no more school shootings.
And so somebody
listen, that was hilarious. So somebody was like, are they serious? And so they said, say the reason why there is no more school shootings is because he closed his laptop. Right. And I just was like, it was funny because these people are literally mm
So they'll be doing all kinds of things and stuff like that. But I'm just like the beyond stupid nous and the, oh, the next one. Oh my gosh! This is the next one. I just saw something before I was started a conversation where this lady was like, look, Covid is cool. And it was like, did she just say that
is not? But that's what she put up on Tiktok and
she
just
said
it.
She did. She just, she just said, oh, let me see. Like good. She just said it was cool. And this doctor who recorded the post, right? He just looked at her like, like she was alien. Oh, Oh, this is what she said. Hold on. I asked my even Covid picked trump over biden. Mhm. Mhm.
Mm.
What? That's what I mean.
Yes, That's what she said. I was like, no. So then I was like, car, I got to read the comments, right? So it was like, so somebody says, wasn't that the goal not to get cool, but I thought that was the objective here. Say we all have the same expression when trump speaks, when trump speaks. Say, what did she just say? What did she just admit that Covid is real? Then they say so the syphilis, but don't see a bragging about that. I was like, oh my gosh!
Listen, I don't know. I don't, I that's why I keep on saying like we live in an alternate
universe because
stuff just don't make no
sense to me.
Like the fact that he gets away with so much and that the senate doesn't do anything to check him. And for me at this point, I'm like, okay, I'd be telling everybody who I know. I'm like, okay, trump must got something on mitch, McConnell. He must have got something on lindsey Graham because let me tell you something in a way you can hate somebody that much and all of a sudden use their cheerleader what they got on you or what you're getting from it. So there's only two things and stuff like that that's happening right here because you know this man is a lot. He has no good intentions towards you. He has no good intentions towards your family, has no good intentions to watch this nation and you keep on supporting him and he says the most outlandish things that do not make sense. He said something about the fish is on the scene and water um and I was like you know what? And so I had to send it to everybody who I knew because I was like oh and he's saying California
is taking too much water or the ocean to feed the fishes and I was like hold on, he said what the things like he says makes no sense
Because it's only for the dumb people who believe in everything. You know, some people did take it,
some people did that. I noticed he didn't take that hydroxychloroquine when he said to take did he? He didn't take that either and stuff. It's just like you gotta you gotta have, you have to be able to make up your own mind and stuff when you're listening to people and the fact that people supporting him and stuff like you said it's all a cult thing is just that I hope even after he is gone that there would be some way that they could diminish his cult because now because the thing about it is it's to me is a l go underground. But you know what the good thing about it is is that now you see exactly how people feel because honestly for me I thought there was no racism,
I thought
that
this was diminished,
it
was
jesus,
thank
you.
Be
the
same man,
I
think it probably will if he wins it probably get back to back to normal whatever that normal is because
it's gonna be a new normal. So it's definitely gonna be a new normal that we're going to be experiencing and he's definitely gonna he has his work cut out for him and
I guess hopes his team
is
what I think his team is going to be really great because he has President Obama
to support him and then obviously he still likes Bill Clinton. I don't know if she can use Bill Clinton, I still love Bill Clinton no matter what
and
stuff.
I'd be like listen here that it was none of your business that he was getting his mm done and stuff because look at all the stuff that you know what I'm saying, It's a thing about it is it's not Bill Clinton, how does and they crucified this man that was between him, his wife and God, okay his life and him and God and the lady, whatever else,
they crucified this man and everything else.
This
other man in office. He doing so many just despicable things and it's just like, it's like water underneath the bridge. Anyway, I'm so sorry, just talking about this stuff is just get me hyperventilated.
Yeah, mm They do because he is he just,
you know, like they said,
America
say all the things they would have never expected America to be pitied and they are pitied by everybody because of him and he's consistent just lying and adequacy. I hope he goes to jail. They lock and step I'm in jail. But my I was talking to my mom about that, she's like,
no, he's
not gonna go to jail.
She's
But she
was like, they're going to come up with some type of deal for him or whatever. She don't think so. Well me, I'm like, listen all those other people who did tax evasion and stuff like that, they ended up in jail. The people who molested like how he molested a 13 year old girl and stuff like that and he got away with that. All
those other people, all those women, he sexually assaulted and the case he trying to avoid right now he needs, especially at all the government funds how he's making money off of the presidency. So
let me see what they can do because I'm like the last thing and then I'll let you go. I'm not good. I'm so excited to talk to somebody, trouble my kids sleeping. I
had that baby composition. I let
you
go.
but it was, what was I gonna say? I can what else? I got to say something about the money. What was I about to say about the money child please? I just forgot it and I know it
was good too. And I'd be like, oh shoot, I wish I just say that her when I was working with her. But it was something about something about money. What happened today about money? I
can't remember right
now to say
but
it's crazy. Just I don't know.
But anyway I had you are way longer than expected.
It's definitely
because
Yeah it's
stupid.
It's funny is unbelievable. Eight. It
just makes me,
you know
Yeah. Mm Oh and the next
thing
that
was so funny.
That is unbelievable.
So I'm
sure you watched the vice presidential debate and you saw the fly on mike Pence's head because I was kind of like
is that a fly
when
I
was watching?
he
had it, right?
But you know the interesting part why I brought it up was because I was watching um something on ticked
off
again
and they got it from twitter where some of trump's supporters were saying that the democratic had set that up, say how could they have a Fleiss water uh at the debate and be sold out from the flights water? And I was like, are you serious? Yeah. Yeah.
So
they had
the little videos,
my gosh, so they had the funniest they had the funniest come out so they
said the
flies
are agent,
you know, so they had to train him. I'm like oh my God, it was funny.
good. Yeah. Me. I want to see the comedy movie come out like two years from now about this whole thing because this could be hilarious. Like it's funny that it's happening right now and it's easy because you really don't see it. But I want to see somebody put the whole show
together
and
stuff
with
the slides
Mm hmm. That was hilarious. That was hilarious. I still got that piece saving my phone because he looks so funny with the fly swatter. Oh my Oh my gosh, mm girl, but let me tell you something. They say flights could always tell when it's around a bunch of em. So that shows you exactly who he is because I have never seen nobody swerve around the truth and praise nobody like that when you only want to praise God. But he was just uh is child day funny happening.
hmm
no,
it was a
great conversation.
Uh yeah, it was
amazing. Thank you so much
for the conversation
and stuff. So I wish you the best word school
in your job.
thank you.
She,
yes, child starts again, yep. All right, so you have a good
night