Hi
I'm doing all right, how are you? Yeah
Amanda, what's yours?
Nice to meet you Andy
I'm from Georgia. How about you?
Athens.
I am a sex therapist.
That's interesting. Your drug and alcohol counselor I've been paired up with for this. Yeah
interesting. Hm.
Uh Being a sex therapist. Oh I um I just finished my
masters in May um in social work. Um So I'm now like working on that specialty. Um So not long. Um But yeah how about you and how long you've
been to that?
I do I really
love
it.
It
is you know it's interesting sometimes but also like most of what I do is just say like that's normal, that's normal.
That's normal.
like it's normal.
I can see that
that
out
of practice.
Yeah. Yeah. There's no like
formal groups for for that.
Yeah. Just like short term until.
Yeah. I'm sure you get
a lot of people that you've seen before. A lot of repeat
the
small,
yep, I used to work at a my undergrad internship was at a domestic violence shelter and it was kind of the same thing, It was like really hard to see the same people in there again and again.
interesting.
interesting.
nope, I'm doing all tele therapy basically this, but just therapy.
totally.
Yeah, I don't know, like I I have a six year old who's been doing online school and like trying to do all that is tough um while working, especially in a job where like I can't be interrupted in the middle
of a session, you know?
Um That's tough and also like, you know, it's not the same as doing therapy face to face, but
I will say that like I think some people are like more comfortable because they've got like a barrier, it's like a little safer, you know? Um So you know it's but it's okay, it's been all right, I've been trying to like I used to do this at I used to like sit in my dining room table most of time and do it and like don't have a lot of space, I don't have a ton of options of where to sit but like I was like I don't want to have to like set all this up and then take it all down all the time. So I've now moved it to my desk in my bedroom which I don't like working in my bedroom but there are only so many options.
Yeah, but then you don't have money
that's why I didn't really want to set it up in my bedroom but like I don't really have any other places so I was like well that's that's those are the options,
dining room or bedroom.
it's
And
for
and
yeah yeah that is one thing that I'm excited about about doing private practice as I can kind of like set it up when I want you know make my own schedule kind of stuff. I mean right now I kind of don't because I need clients so bad that it's kind of like whenever you're free I'm free but
one day I'll be able to do that one day I'll be able to say no these are the times if you can't do that. Sorry?
Um It's the same as any other therapists, like I'm on psychology today and you can search for it. It's just like one of the specialties just like um you know, working like specializing in anxiety or stuff like that
a lot of times. Yeah, so a
lot
of
times.
So. Exactly. Okay, so we talk about a lot of different things. So I see couples and it's kind of like relationship and sex stuff a lot of time with couples, but I also see individuals and sometimes it's like sexual dysfunction stuff like can't orgasm or stuff like that. A lot of times it is like I don't want to have sex and I want to want to have sex. Um That's a lot of it. Um And let's see what other kind of stuff do I have?
Some people are like questioning their like sexual identity. Um Some people um I have one person who is like questioning their gender identity. Let's see what else do I have? That's I mean that's kind of that's kind of mostly
what it is.
I
mean,
I'm happy to provide a little bit of advice.
No, it's up to you up to you
for how long since when
like years.
I mean, you're not gonna shock me,
I can promise you.
No.
Yeah, I mean, well, you know, I'll say the thing that I always say it's normal. Um But yeah, I'm wondering like I think so, I'm curious like what how much do you enjoy sex when you have it?
That'll
help, Yeah, that'll that'll help. That will help you not want to have sex?
Yeah. So I think a lot of what happens is that we, I think for a lot of people with a lot of different variety of problems we end up with like these expectations of what it's supposed to be like
and that is that that disparity of like the expectation and like what it's like, like this is where the problem is, you know um And you can work on that a couple of ways. You can like work really hard to improve the reality and you can work really hard to kind of bring the expectations down. Uh But
and I think that some of that like is
gender.
Well, you know, we always say don't shit all over yourself.
Yeah. I mean that honestly like uh if I had a
few, not one but a few wishes
about like what I can tell people about sex. Like one of the biggest ones I would ever I would say is like is to tell people that like erections are not reliable
like over your life. Like everyone will have, everyone will have times where they can't get an erection
like
freak out when they do
because they
like.
What?
Well and the other thing I will say is there are plenty of sexy things you can do that do not require an erection. Um And so I will say like from personal experience, the only times that like the erection not happening has bothered me is when that is is when that shuts down anything else,
when it's like, oh I guess we're not gonna do anything, I'm like, excuse me.
Well,
yeah, I'll tell you like women like our our shit does not like to behave either. So like
tons of women have trouble like with lubrication and with orgasm, like we deal with all that kinds of stuff too and like we just kind of like deal and you know, like
yeah. You
know?
I mean
No.
it's tough for straight men for sure. The few of the few of us as ladies to like open relationships. We do all right. But uh huh I've been in open relationships for
three years now. It's great.
Yeah, I mean expecting one person to feel all of your needs is a little unrealistic.
You need to find a lady who's already married and in an open relationship, that's what you need.
We need to be the side
piece.
Well, if they're in like, you know, true
open relationship,
so it's not
holding.
I mean we've all done shit like
Yeah.
Like people are like, oh, you're gonna die alone. And I was like, do you know like what percentage of my life my death is? It's like this much of my life, I'm not really worried about that
part.
I'm
worried
about
the rest
of the part.
Yeah. It was crazy. I was, I've always been like a adventurous, like go all the places, do all the things, don't ever stop moving kind of person. And then I met my current partner and I'm like, oh God, I'm boring now. I want to like go sit and like look at the pretty color leaves in the fall and I'm like, I never thought I would be this person.
There's something we're gonna get
boring
real
quick.
All
who knows? I mean, things could change. I would say like when I was in my early and mid twenties, I was like the most boring person. I was like, I was more like somebody in there like mid to late forties than I was like somebody in their twenties. Uh I never did anything exciting or fun. And then I got older and I was like, fuck that I'm gonna do function and live my life,
so, you know.
I've heard that women, like when you hit your forties, you don't give a fuck about anybody else anymore. You're like, I'm going to live my life and screw everybody else, so that could be
with nothing.
And I've heard that they're so happy.
Yes. Well if they if they like really end up with that, like fuck this shit attitude that they're like so happy that they finally like live life for themselves
maybe. I don't
know.
I
don't know.
Yeah it's totally fine. I got stuff to do
too. So
are we after 25
minutes?
Yeah let's do a couple minutes
just
to
make
because
I don't want to. This is my third
one.
How about you?
The first time I got uh probably somebody in there like late twenties um In colorado. He does like digital marketing for a real estate company. It was like fine. We talked about tv shows and cats. Um
Then I guess it was it was it yesterday? I guess it was yesterday. I had another one with um a woman like 32. She was a drug and alcohol counselor. Um In Minneapolis we ended up talking for like an hour.
It was crazy. Yeah she said that she said that one of hers can you talk to you for 2.5 hours?
She said that one of her other ones she talked for 2.5
hours.
Yeah. No it's okay. Um Yeah I was this time I was like I'm gonna get
straight to
do
I'm gonna,
Ooh.
Yeah. Yeah I like doing
it. I I never would have done it before I started doing therapy online and I'm like I do this all the time. I can totally do this for 17
hours or whatever. Fine.
Already what I do so yeah well I think we're
good now but it was nice talking
to you.
Thanks