Ty
How are you?
what's your name?
And they
that makes you, where you from?
Ohio. We're at in Georgia.
Okay. I am from Canton Canton area. I don't know. It's close to Cleveland. Like an hour and a half. Uh South of Cleveland. What do you do? What do you do for a living?
A band? Nice. I I need help. I am um I am a drug and alcohol counselor so.
That's crazy. Yeah.
How long have you been doing that?
What?
Four
years? So yeah. How do you like it? Like
point
interesting
run is.
Yeah I'm like
whatever
you guys yeah whatever you guys like. That's it's cool. It's one
that's why it's not normal a lot. No no
no I really don't. So
are you working you work like a practice or like what do you do you
work
out?
Glass?
I work in a hospital. Well I actually work in like a detox center. It's a little different than like a resident, not a residential facility. Well it is a residential facility, but it's not like a long term, it's uh off the street and then we medically watch them. Uh huh.
Yeah, short term. So they don't die, they don't, you know, in in withdrawal. Uh So I try to get them set up with places once they get out of there for like long term care, we're not long residential, whatever they want to do. Well, you know, a lot of them just want to go home, but probably not the best place for them to go, but because a lot of them come, you know, go to the same place that they lead them to be to come in to begin with. But
no
over and over again, it's like, you
know,
you go into it and you think that you can save the world or something and then you realize quickly that probably 90% of these people are going to get clean.
Over and over we have a policy where it's like 30 days. So it's a 7 to 14 day course. So if they stay, if they stay until we discharge them, then they can come back whenever. But if they like leave early, which is what most of them do.
We have a pretty day. Like they can't come back for 30 days.
And if they do that again after 30 days, 60 days and then other times 90 days and then four times of the year. So you see, you see a lot of them just over and over and over again. I'm saying the same people that actually worked in the hospital. So I have to deal with the covid stuff and uh go down to the yard. That's where they come into the yard. So yeah so that's that's why I was wondering if you worked in like some kind of hospital or something.
Yeah. I don't know. We never we never we never got to do any of that and I don't know why. All right. I mean I know like as far as some aspects of it I mean it's a residential facility so that you know but we could have had a lot of the the uh their period stuff a lot of the sessions through. I
don't need a system of the world. I don't know how they would have done it. But you know we also have an outpatient thing that we do. I don't work in that part of it. I know a lot of the outpatient stuff was definitely like you know one on one online stuff. But uh how do you like working from home? Sure mm
correct
then.
But,
I work I work from home for like 20 some almost 20 years. Yeah that's so I had the kids about 17 that someone was 17 my first one and I end up getting custody of him. Uh So I'm here I'm a little kid trying to raise a kid actually. Um Oh I don't know I started selling stuff back on the back of them was Ebay actually I got into like amazon I got some suppliers out of like las Vegas and I was selling all sorts of stuff and definitely 20 some years and they're having three more kids. Um Somebody else and uh so not my but my kids are all grown up now. I mean the honest 1 15 so I have a c to 23 year olds, a 21 year old and a 15 year old. So once the 15 year old wouldn't I did want to hang out with me anymore, I don't have any friends left. So uh yeah so I was tired of working from home because you know it's it's your home is your work and there is no separation for me, I mean you know and you work around your schedule and nobody cares that you're when you're self employed everybody's like yeah you can do whatever you want, you don't ever have to do anything you want to work, you know you got no schedule.
No I know you know so working at three a.m. Because you're trying to work around your life you know? Which I let me I did that kind of like the aspect of that but I just could never shut it off the problem as it was constantly, constantly. Um Just work like I mean there was no relax time you know in my house at least you know because when I came home that associated work to me that was work time. Yeah it wasn't everything.
So
so once I got older and I just decided I was gonna do something else and I've always been involved in like uh sports and my coaching for I did that the whole time that I was 2018 years I think I could football, baseball and basketball and that was my release actually when I was self employed, that's how I got, that was my relaxed on. Um That doesn't pay very much money but uh yeah I mean a little bit and it's a lot it's a lot of time for a small amount of money. But I enjoyed that because I like them with like youth and stuff like that. So then I quit doing that and I was like, wow, now we're doing my life. So I decided to go with addiction I guess. And now I hate that too. I don't hate that. That's the wrong. I hate having 9 to 5 now, right? Like that's the problem. Yes.
I don't, I don't have a 9 to 5, I have a 10 or 11 to 7 because that worked midnights even worse. But I have to go to work and like an hour or two hours. But yeah, so I kind of traded in the life that everybody thought was so great from the 9 to 5 garbage. I never wanted
to do
what I was working from home. So I don't know that there's no
right, there's no right answer. You know? Either way. Either way, there's bad stuff that goes with, like, I hate the fact I have to be on someone else's schedule now.
No. Yeah, I got you.
So, how does a person uh find a sex therapist? Exactly.
Well, I mean, I guess I kind of get that. I don't know. I just didn't know how people I don't know if you have refers people. People are referred to you.
What
is
the
sex therapist actually due to be all I really don't know. I mean, there's
what?
I'm
just trying to get a free session. So, what I'm saying,
I
got all sorts of problems. Uh
I don't know.
But yeah, no, it's not. God, my sex rappers gone by the way. None
long time.
Uh So let me give you this boy was sharing everything now. It's like yeah,
I
mean, I deal with people like, you know, so whatever. No, Yeah, I just I don't have I don't have a high sex drive, I get bored very easily. Um Yeah, I don't know, it's weird. It's when you're a guy, you're expected to like want to have sex all the time and like not not maybe my ex, I just never wanted to have sex, remember, you know? And then now I am dating someone who is relatively younger than me, how much younger than me younger. So no, I am 41 she's 26 so whatever, you know, whatever, but I mean, and she's very attractive and she and I shouldn't want to have sex with her. I do, but it's just like I get bored so easy like six times and I'm like, all right, I'm kind of bored with this already. Like I want to do something else now. It's a terrible thing to
say. I hope she's not here just, you know? Uh Yeah. So I don't know. It's weird.
Well, I have erection problems too. I really
do.
But I mean I've been, you know, I don't know. It's not really, but I can take care of myself, you know, whatever. But um I'm not enjoying I guess. I don't know. I'm doing having sex. I don't, I thought that sex is such an ego thing. Okay.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
I
just
don't like my, I can think of 20 other things I'd rather be doing. You know, I really would. And like I do, I should know. They're like, I'm like, you know, I I shouldn't have as I should, right? I'm like, I got a young girlfriend. Whatever. Another attractive girlfriend so much.
Yeah. No, I get I get to get that completely. Um Yeah, I don't know. It's weird. Yeah, I'll figure it out. So I just I don't know what drives me nuts. I don't know. I've never had my erection problem figured out yet either. It doesn't happen all the time. It's a mental thing.
Yeah.
But
No.
Once
here's the problem
directed
thing,
here's what this all goes too. So I'm like, I've had this happen and boy did even by my mid twenties honestly. And I'm such a such an awkward because I'm kind of like a pleaser, right? And so I can't do that. And then it gets in my head, right? Because if I don't let you down, I don't want to You know I mean I'd like to have an orgasm myself too. But you know I mean like there's all this stuff going through my head and that's all those times. You know? I always like I warn you it's not you. I promise. We'll know woman believed that though. There's no women because you're a guy like what do you mean? It's not me, It's me completely right And I'm like no it's not you. You know, and then the more you have like that to happen, the more like the metal part, it just starts to get to get in the head and like you almost fear, you know? So maybe that's why I have a list extra. I don't know. But then I have I have times and it works fine and you know, everything is good, you know? Uh first three minutes
of their life and it's a you know, Hi Tanya, I don't know.
Well no,
I know. Yeah, I mean you can't really get home sex but yeah, I mean I agree complaint. I just I don't know and then they don't even really complain. Like she doesn't even really complain that much. I mean good size still do anything other ways. Uh So it's so that probably doesn't bugger but you know I was I'm a man and I have a certain amount of ego and you know the best thing that I would like to do and I just can't because they require erections. Uh You know
what?
What?
Yeah I guess. I don't know. It's not it's not really that big of a deal. I just but the board part is what concerns me probably more than like a
very
independent and uh I like being single and then I have to fill all this like societal pressure to not be single, you know? So I feel like I always say relationships are like garage sales, you know, they look great when you're driving past them, but when you get inside of the Mr utilizing the full of a bunch of shit you don't need. Yeah. And that's kind
of what I like. That's the kind of way I that's that's the thing. But boy, like what you're supposed to do, you know? And I don't, I've had plenty of girlfriends tell me that you're gonna die a lonely because there's like, I'm just not, that's a nice thing to say, right? But no, that's what you're gonna die alone. And I'm like, you're probably right. I don't want to, I have a way different way different, like the vision of love than other people have. And I mean I think most of it's bullshit but you know that's uh that's me. Maybe that's why ford too like I no I just want something new all the time. I don't know why I don't think that's wrong,
but that kind of goes against everything that you know I mean there are open relationships. I get to try to find a woman that wants to do. That is not so easy. Yeah. Okay.
If
Well I think that's more I think that's more normal. I think it's my I don't believe I don't believe in the classic, you know I mean I want to get too deep into stuff but yeah the strikers don't believe in it like
It's completely unrealistic. And let's let's be real like like I tell everybody like love to me is what everybody else pictures love is the most self serving thing of all the time, right? Like, I'll tell you I love you because I want you to do shit for me, right? That's my power trip. I'm like, yeah, you know baby, if you love me, you would make me dinner. If you love me, you would uh massage my feet if you love me. It's always love is just a word. It's just a word or some kind of power trip that we use man. But the true I that's true idea of love, right? Would be whatever makes you happy, right? And so, if you want to get out and go out and have a, you know, three summer or whatever who might have stopped you, I want you to be happy and I love you, right? So, you know, and when I tell women, like I want to be in an open relationship relationship all day, here is he's a cheater, he wants to sleep with people and it's more about you. Like I don't want you to go, I don't want, I don't ever want you to feel held back or you know, because of me, like that's the greatest thing about being single is you have freedom, right? You have freedom. I just want kind of like a friend, I don't really want a a wife or a girlfriend or whatever you want to. You know what I'm saying? Because
Well yeah,
I found,
I found a lot of them. It's not bad for uh
probably
pieces.
Never
because even when you're the side piece, it's still, there's still more intentions that go beyond that. Like I hate my husband and one day I want to leave him, but I'm gonna send, you know, make sure you're something when my husband finds out we're doing this. I want somewhere to go or something like that. You know it's never like we're just going to be happy with. Well I mean I guess you said noble relationship so I guess I'm cheating with people not really over relations. Yeah. You know their husbands don't know they're doing a lot of this stuff and all. I don't know. I don't really I don't really ask him. Not my problem not my proudest moment but hey whatever.
I know I know I get it. It's all normal. It's normal like. Yeah. Uh huh.
But yeah so I don't know. Um I figured out some day or I'll just die it lonely like everybody said I was gonna do to begin with. That's why I only bigger.
I
tried
to
you
know
because
you take away all of my like activities and all my like I don't know, boyish good looks which I don't have no I don't mean at some point I'm gonna be like I'm going to be like 50 60 years old and just like not wanting to do the things that I do know and maybe around the you know, sit around and sit on a porch swing or something. I don't really know if you ever do that but you know and yeah I would like to have someone there with me when I did it, you know? I don't know.
I know. I know. I don't really I don't know I'm constantly young right? Like that's my thing. So like I have my friends that I grew up with it are my friends but of course they're all like raising kids and they come home from work and they sit on the couch and watch netflix or you know, that's like, that's what they do, you know all about the family, which is great. And I raised my, that was kind of like that. I don't know if I was exactly like that or not, but so then I quickly realized that like my friends sucked, like my friend sucks because they didn't do anything fun anymore. So like now my son is 23. I run around with his friends, probably more than my son runs around with his friends. You know, the problem is they're getting to the age now where they're starting to like get wives and stuff like that.
I'm
going
to have
to get new friends again. Like I have to keep like 20 year old friends, they're like, because I just I refused to grow up. No, I mean it's not a bad thing I guess, but yeah, but I do find myself like sounding like my dad sometimes or doing things. It's like old people stuff. That's why I like, I mean that's why my girlfriend's young because like she keeps saying she makes me feel younger. I'm young. I'm immature is what it is. I'm not really young, I'm just amateur. He's like older than me, even though she's like 15
years younger than me. Yeah, it's terrible. It's awful.
Hey,
all the people, I say old people, I'm talking about people my age when I say old people, which is so funny. But older women like just like that, I don't know. Maybe I might be intimidated by him actually. That could be completely, but like, no, they just, they don't find my jokes funny anymore. The hell I thought it was funny. I thought when I drew a penis on the wall that was funny, The hell you don't buy it And uh
maybe.
I don't know. They're just that
what happened in the forties?
Good. Well, I mean, I get to find one like that. I don't know. It's like
looking
for the young girls. But yeah, I could do what I'm
intimidated
but I think you're talking about but it was nice talking to you. I would talk to you more honestly. But I have to work sadly. Yeah,
but it
meeting.
We started
early. We can talk for another two minutes just to make sure.
How
many
times
have you done
this?
This
is the third
or 4th, 4th, 4th 1. Who'd you get the first couple times? Oh.
Mhm.
grower.
What's what's that?
I
wish I had fun to do that. I really don't
I think
the
first
time the girl I actually talked to was she was way younger than me. I think she was like early twenties and she was from Cream which is only an hour from here which was kind of but she was like a um in med school and very good, good good good good girl, you know, hard hard to relate to that one. Uh And then the second time I got this guy for like eight year old kid I think from like Atlanta. I know Alabama Alabama was in Atlanta Alabama and this guy was just a rock. He didn't talk, he didn't like
the whole thing was like completely awkward, like I mean like I play video games and yeah, so that was a that was a tough one. And the last one I did was uh an asian guy from new york city. I think he was cool. It was smart to talk to. Uh huh.
No.
People.
That's what I do for a living.
All
Have
a good night.