SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I know. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Can yeah, mm Mhm. Right Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. No. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: good? My name is linda
SPEAKER_R: I'm jennifer.
SPEAKER_L: based
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: their
SPEAKER_R: happy monday, new week time and time in the pan pandemic. Sometimes it's like oh it's been four months. But then it's also
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: like how has it been for months? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I know what you mean and sometimes I never know what day of the week it is, but at least I know it was monday because I had to work today so
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that is, that helps. I've always worked from home even before this all happened. But unfortunately uh my company, we were on furlough, so it's like the first couple of weeks I like everything is kind of normal even though I can't go places and then it's like, oh you have all the time in the world. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that would be hard. I haven't had that issue. So I've just been working. I've actually been busier now that
SPEAKER_R: that's what I hear from a lot of my friends that are still working and there may be because they staff
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: there having new things, different ways. Figure out how to reschedule. We format work differently or they may be when people go or
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you know like that's what they're handling different jobs. Yeah, that could be hard.
SPEAKER_L: We've just had different types of things going on in our area and so we end up
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: just having a lot more things for us to do, which is interesting. But
SPEAKER_R: sorry. My dog likes to sit on my lap when I am.
SPEAKER_L: what kind of dog do you have?
SPEAKER_R: She's a little terrier mix. Wanna say hi
SPEAKER_L: No, it means
SPEAKER_R: hear me O beautiful One of Obama's trying let's do something.
SPEAKER_L: We just got a dog the beginning of jim. So
SPEAKER_R: So you're trying to do it especially summer and being home and stuff. I wanted to foster through a couple of rescues around here, but then there were because people home
SPEAKER_L: Welcome.
SPEAKER_R: they're like, I'll take a lot of one stuff. It's a good thing run out of rescue dogs and stuff. But are you you're a runner? I can see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So my medals. Yeah, I am a runner.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a
SPEAKER_L: So I've done more of that to since I've been working from home so I can just fit it in any time I want
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that was I was really really good at the beginning of the year about going to the gym on a regular basis. So we started working
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: from home full time in like august and I started going on september
SPEAKER_L: separate.
SPEAKER_R: october by january was like no, you gotta go regular basis and I was all great. And then the pandemic happens in middle.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Like now they just reopened on friday. But I'm also like I don't know quite yet.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: Station up. I did get like a small grower for home and stuff so I've been trying to get enough but I have a studio apartment so I can't have a huge treadmill or anything like that. But it's a small, you know a couple of free weights and stuff to try to. Mhm. Healtheon's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: doing my job. So we have like a bench in the basement that my son and I have been we're doing for a while and then we kind of stopped doing it, but and we used to go to the why. But yeah, they just reopened too. But I haven't been back yet. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it seems too much of a risk a little bit too soon like
SPEAKER_L: I think so too.
SPEAKER_R: many people and uh and even if they try to space up machines and stuff like the air and stuff like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know that's one place I think that just seems like I want to wait a while for.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I love movies in the movie theaters are supposed to open in a couple weeks and stuff and I have like encryption service where you can go so many times a week for a monthly fee and stuff. I I ended up, I told them if you cancel it they make you wait six months to re sign up. But I just like wrote them I'm like please cancel this now because I don't think I want to be able to come back as soon as I feel comfortable but it's not going to be for the next few months. I might as well start the waiting out and then hopefully
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: and then you hear do that because I used to work in theater And stuff like that too. So it's like I love going to live performances. They just announced Broadway's officially not coming back until 2021 which
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: the right thing
SPEAKER_L: saw
SPEAKER_R: to do.
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: Um Because the economics just don't work trying to you know do a show with only 50 or 100 people in the theater and stuff. Um and stuff. But it's still it's very sad.
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: mean, look,
SPEAKER_L: I mean everything's changed.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've been doing on Sundays just to keep a little bit of a going, lots of recorded performances of shows are like movie musicals and stuff because that's normally I normally go on like sunday night, I have season tickets even though I don't work for the theater anymore. I kept
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: season, it's like my musical Sundays just
SPEAKER_L: well, that's fine. Yeah, That's pretty name.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah. Um what else is, can we talk about? This is, but actually it was, it was nice to see that you're here because I tried to do this a couple of months ago when they did a first round and then I did it twice and nobody showed up either time. So
SPEAKER_L: Billings. I did it one other time and it was actually ended up being somebody that lived not that far from me,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: which I didn't.
SPEAKER_R: that, are you in the, in the app Indianapolis areas? That
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Ohio.
SPEAKER_R: it said. The science that Brennan oh,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: running
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: near. Yeah, that's what I thought. I'm in the Chicago area. So if I grew up in michigan, so midwest area, everything.
SPEAKER_L: My brother lives in Chicago and the and the one of the far west suburbs. So
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: that way once
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: along.
SPEAKER_R: right, I'm pretty close to like Wrigley Field um and everything. Uh but it's nice because they, I'm across the street from like, you could just cross over like her drive and then it's like the lakefront path stuff and they find they, they reopened those last week because even we had those clothes um and I started to get out there for long walks with the pop especially. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we can't take earth for walk shit because he's still a puppy. So I shot
SPEAKER_R: You love,
SPEAKER_L: it so they're like, don't take him outside.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's the one disappoint. Like I like really like my apartment, but during this whole thing I'm like, it would be nice to have like a little porch or little backyard space that I've read or something like that, That's what kind of missing the city and just having her be outside more. Um
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: but when I took her to the vet uh for her annual exam a couple weeks ago I learned she's gained £3 in the last summer. Which for a small dog is kind of a lot and she likes to jump, he's like it's not a huge problem but you just wanna work and he was like has anything changed? I'm like well
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: where you are?
SPEAKER_R: pandemic and I'm trying to social distance and it's ringing a lot this spring and stuff so I haven't been able to be out for long weeks and stuff but I'm trying to make sure that we are being a little bit more active for for this one but she's turning lazy. You
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: this?
SPEAKER_L: sure it's hard because you haven't been able to get out. But here we live in like a suburb of columbus. Um So it's kind of a small town, so we're in like in the suburbs, so we have a backyard and we can start all can run around out there. And I still feel like I've been outside just as much because if I go run, I don't really encounter a lot of people a lot of times anyway, so I don't, I feel pretty socially distanced from
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: others,
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: even what I'm doing that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's really it's changed a lot even in the last uh few months for me like just there's so many more people out now because it's getting nicer, people are going back to work are like the streets are a lot busier and stuff. Um So weird inter zone where it's like and we just entered what they kind of call face force like limited indoor dining. The gems reopening hair salons, all that kind of stuff. So it's like starting to open back up but still want to you know stay victim because thankfully we got hit pretty hard sort of in the beginning like april and may were pretty okay. Uh The case numbers look better now so hopefully we can say that track because my mom lives down in florida and she uh stay has been staying with my step grandmother who's in who's like 90 she just turned
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: 91 but had hip surgery last year and had to have a second year earlier this year. So it's like you know I want to make sure that they are staying safe and there's there's areas of florida that are looking quite bad lately. So it's been very much reminding her like if you want to get restaurant food, please get a carry out. You know, there's no, it's not working for anything to go sit inside waiting for two hours there. Like I know the changes scenery and not one not wanting to go start crazy, but just reminding them that even if the government is letting things happen, sometimes they shouldn't be letting things happen.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I know it's it's hard to know what you should and shouldn't do. But even here in Ohio, I think this is the case. Numbers are going up and I don't know if it's their testing more
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: or if.
SPEAKER_R: even if you look at some of the numbers, like I'm trying to explain to my mom, she's like the numbers are growing up in testing more. But if you look at like the percentage of positives versus the percentage of like test, it's like 50% more positive cases, but only 20% more testing, which means stuff like that in different areas. Um I saw like a truck last week so hopefully we will have a vaccine sooner rather than later.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know the numbers are going up here a little bit, but we're still like maybe 40 active cases in our county, so it's not very, but they're just going up more than they have been the last few weeks for everything and opening back up for several weeks now, we've been open, so, but we don't go out a whole lot still.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's the one the one thing that's like, It's very for me I love to read. I really like movies which I can catch up on old movies at home. I enjoyed TV shows and stuff like that. So it's like I can do a lot of the stuff I like, but I do you know, I live alone and I do miss being able to go to the movies with my friends are going through. Even if I go to the theater on my own, you're still experiencing it with like 2000 other people. So it's like
SPEAKER_L: Rare.
SPEAKER_R: we're going to sports games and obviously even though some of the sports are coming back fans aren't going to be allowed in and stuff, so it's like very much
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: like a lot of stuff I miss, but then I can also find enough to entertain myself for this six months to a year, you know, however long, you know, this ends up being like it's an inconvenience and it's sad but it's a lot better to be more cautious than to try to be reckless or anything like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: gonna wear, I agree. I think, I mean we'll get back to hopefully somewhat normal, it's, you know, somewhere down the road, but we just don't know how long it's gonna take.
SPEAKER_R: Which is the weird thing. It's like we, I'm we're living through something, we would have read it our history textbooks when we were in school.
SPEAKER_L: right. Or watching a movie, That movie, is it called Pandemic? Is it? Never seen that one,
SPEAKER_R: contagion is one.
SPEAKER_L: continue Junior.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I've never seen it and it's on HBO now and stuff and so I didn't see it the other day and it's like, oh it's great. It's pretty, pretty close to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we watched it. I don't know, a few weeks into this and we were like, oh, there's a lot of similarities there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's just,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: always considered myself pretty clean. Like I'm very organized and you know with having a dog, like you have to be vigilant about cleaning and there's dog hair everywhere from everything. And uh yeah, washing my hands like I always thought I did a good job about it, but I was like doing it so much more and I was like, I'm gonna make sure I keep doing this even when this is all over and you know, be
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: and being sure and stuff and even I need new. That's the one I need to try to get to the eye doctor because it's like my glasses are a little bit sq so when I'm now realizing how much I touch my face throughout the day.
SPEAKER_L: I know you think about completely different things that you just took for granted before. Mhm, mhm. It is interesting, so let's see what else, what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: I work in marketing for mira at hotels. So unfortunately,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's it.
SPEAKER_R: you know, we were set up well to be working from home. We don't really have, it's not a great time to try to be selling hotel rooms and one of the big things that I never even would have thought of before I worked for hotel, hotel company is we have a lot of places that have like meeting space and host a lot of like meetings and events and kid and obviously that's all Until late
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: next year,
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: 22
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: people are going to be doing business travel and all that because like, even my mom was like, well I feel like people want to get out, everybody wants to get out of their house, but maybe they'll just do like road trips and drive, you know, to cities close to them and stuff. And it's like, yeah, but those like incremental rooms from just random family trips don't really make up for a lot of the corporate, a lot of the conventions, you know, anybody going to like Lollapalooza big concert here in Chicago that was cancelled. All the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: different
SPEAKER_L: hear?
SPEAKER_R: canceled comic Con, all those like events, even probably marathons that have been cancelled, stuff like that. Uh those big events account for a lot more of our business and I even really thought of
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean I didn't think about that either, but I'm sure those are pretty good money makers for because you get all that one time and I mean probably every weekend and during the week to like conventions and all that stuff,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah. People traveling for those of us and now, even like obviously businesses and corporations with everybody realizing it's like zoom has its downfall and stuff, but you can do it and it's a lot
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: cheaper,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you know? Um, So I think that's really going to change the sort of future of like traveling for work and who really needs to do it versus how could it be a phone caller, electronic stuff. Even I saw something the other day that was a bit of a bummer just to think about. But now that school districts have realized that they can use video chat and stuff. That when kids, if there are snow days, they might not actually feel snow days, they might have them like hop online and check in with teachers and stuff and
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: might
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: have to do that or if you're sick even you might have to get online, you know, at least get your homework and stuff like that. Yeah, it's gonna change a lot of things where they have the capability of doing that because they kind of were forced to get into it, like our school district had never had any online and I don't know if it was a very good, I mean they did, my kids did fine with it, but I don't think that they probably learned as much as they would if they were in school.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I kind of heard of and yeah, but just like hearing that I was like, oh, is that, you know, a 13 year old having that one random snow day
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: or cold,
SPEAKER_L: that was such
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: a great, great
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: fun
SPEAKER_R: best
SPEAKER_L: anymore. You get
SPEAKER_R: way to wake
SPEAKER_L: day,
SPEAKER_R: up every once in a while you could get, you'd find out monday night that school is canceled on monday so you could actually sleep in or if you had to get up and you could like go back to sleep and it's like, oh, it's out on that.
SPEAKER_L: I hope they wouldn't do that because the teacher, but it might be hard, even the best the teachers are going to be home to. But I don't know, I could, I mean, we'll see, I guess what happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I felt so bad for all the like seniors and both like high school and call it
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: problems and graduations and stuff it looks like but they at least try to do a lot of fun stuff
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: then,
SPEAKER_R: outside in different ways to celebrate and that kind of stuff. But it is um about my like it's weird enough being like you know in my twenties and going through it but let alone like you know those 16 17 year old too don't get to be around their friends
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: in that way but at least they've kind of grown up on the internet so in some ways they can entertain themselves really well. Like I still don't quite understand what the fuck is but like it's funny when I see it occasionally I'm not on it but I see them you know around the internet and stuff and you
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: kids love Tiktok. They're
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: 13.
SPEAKER_R: my my
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: boss
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: got very into it in the beginning of our furloughs so pretty much our entire 273 out of 278 and are like marketing department or for a loan. But we have a couple like group chats that we've had to kind of keep up with each other and stuff and one of my bosses went like straight down a tic tac full and was like sharing one with us and I'm like okay.
SPEAKER_L: we'll keep it light and fun. Yeah. My kids are 13 and 15 and they love just, they'll watch Tiktok for hours, but I prefer they not watch it for our okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, understand
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: what.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks very much. But they'll send them to me once in a while and they are, they're pretty funny and they're short you I guess it's better than some other things I could do.
SPEAKER_R: this is true. Sure,
SPEAKER_L: So baseball is canceled for my son. But he's they're starting to practice again now and maybe play some games in the fall. So it
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: was we're supposed to be done at the beginning of july, but listen, get out a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that would that would be that would be nice spend some time with friends and out of here and probably do if you're working from home and dealing with two teenagers.
SPEAKER_L: Uh They pretty much leave me alone at the beginning when they were doing school. We were all in the same room and so like my meetings, they would get on with my, with me during the meetings and my coworker. My work doesn't care. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's that's
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: I think a lot of uh employers have been good about um from what I've heard of just you know understanding that it was a crazy time and that people are working
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: in teaching kids and stuff. Like even before we we were doing video chats and stuff even before that she was like, you know, working from home and stuff at any time young child,
SPEAKER_L: North
SPEAKER_R: you know, it was somebody got, they got home from school in the middle and came into like they had her, their mom, everybody was like, oh there's there's a child oh hey can frame like yes, we want to see the pets and the kids and stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's interesting for everybody else to do. So
SPEAKER_R: when I feel I like working from home in the like extra time that you get, like I used to take me close to an hour to get to my office downtown with public
SPEAKER_L: family.
SPEAKER_R: transportation and stuff. Um and so you get the flexibility and more time to be active or get things done around the house or you know, I used to use it to, I would go out with friends on Wednesday or thursday nights a lot more than I could when I worked in an office, because I have to right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: at home and walk the dog and feed the dog, and by at that time it's like, oh it's almost seven o'clock, I'm not going out sort of thing, but when I can leave for 30 it's easy enough to meet up for dinner at 5 30 or six o'clock um and stuff, but you do kind of miss that day to day interaction of like eating
SPEAKER_L: It,
SPEAKER_R: lunch with the person or you know, checking in um you know about some sort of work thing and then, you know, just getting into a conversation about how is it, you
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: know, what what are you interested in? So it's like I give or take there that you have to you have to get that social interaction in other ways. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well luckily I have two teenagers and my husband so we like that's my social interaction I guess in our neighbors we have really good neighbors so we talked to them you know on a daily basis. It helps, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I know my neighbors and my building, not really by who they are, but who their dogs are with the dogs. My dog really gets along with from the dogs that once in a while we need to like, you know, stepped aside because uh she gets a little bit of a note pulling complex for some reason was something she loved. Some big dogs like this lab in our neighborhood um that we met this morning, she just goes crazy for him. But then there's other dogs occasionally when there are a lot bigger than her, she gets a little bit like really, I'm like you're supposed to be 14 lbs, like you're not gonna
SPEAKER_L: It's funny
SPEAKER_R: everything.
SPEAKER_L: when little dogs do that because it's like they think they're like in charge or like or maybe they're just trying to act that way so because there. Right.
SPEAKER_R: it's unfortunate, it's a bad habit. My old roommate used to dog sit for a friend and when he came over he got a little bit like he's a little, was a little maltese mix and stuff and he'd get that attitude and so unfortunately it kind of rubbed off on Elfi and I'm trying, you break her of it a little bit. So we've only, we've they've reopened the dog park. So we've got in there like once and she did it did okay and stuff. But um, the dog beach
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: around here, it's, it's nice, but it's a, it's a little bit too big and there's a lot of animals running around at once since we kind of started to get a little too crazy. But of course there were a few more places where she could go like run around off leash. But someday I moved in the summers,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know what we're gonna how she's gonna how he our dog is a boy but I don't know how he's gonna react to the other dogs as all of our neighbors have dogs so that
SPEAKER_R: that'll
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: be a big
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: Just socialize once he's gotten his vaccine,
SPEAKER_L: yeah and I think he'll be fine because he's already around the fence, you know, smelling them all and you know,
SPEAKER_R: kind of breathe
SPEAKER_L: he's a golden doodle.
SPEAKER_R: no golden retrievers are my favorite. And then my mom has a poodle mix who was a rescue and have a lot of friends who like love golden doodles and stuff. So they're they're good brands are I know a different friend has a cava coup which is cavalier
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: next Prudhoe and he's my buddy, so he's off his best friend um and stuff. So they're they're good, they're good dogs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's pretty great so far. But like we had to get one that doesn't shed much because my daughter is allergic to dog,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: your stuff. So, but so far it's been good. She hasn't had any issues. So you and he seems pretty smart so far.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, they will. It's too it's too very smart dogs to very energetic dogs as long as you keep them tired out and running around a lot.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I hope go through a spurt and just run, run, run, run like crazy. And the hell just lay there like for now or you know, so tired.
SPEAKER_R: When I when I have a somewhere with more space in a yard, a golden spend my like dream dog since I was like five years old. So we all do that though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there he is pretty good. We are enjoying him so far. But you do find that you don't can't just go run off and do whatever you want anytime you want anymore.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that was the biggest,
SPEAKER_L: That's a big change.
SPEAKER_R: the thing about getting um my dog and I don't think I would have liked working from home had I not had her like around two um especially working from home, it's nice with the dog because you can get them settled and stuff, so go out at night and I feel better about sometimes if I go out on the weekend for a little bit longer than I normally would, it's like, well at least she hasn't been home alone every day this week and stuff and everything, but yeah, that was definitely a big change in what I wanted for a long time, but I probably wasn't ready for, I've had for about three years now, so
SPEAKER_L: Have you, wow. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: because I used to when I worked in the theater, unfortunately, like as much as I loved it, it was, you know, work all day in the office and then go to shows at night and have sometimes like working the weekends for different events and stuff and so
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it's would not have been very conducive to
SPEAKER_L: there are. No.
SPEAKER_R: training a dog, especially like living on my own. So.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. That would be tough. Yeah I can imagine like so far it's been good. I get up early so I get the morning shift and then when everybody else gets out you know then they can play with them for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Uh she's she's been we used to be a we had a little bit of a better routine especially when I was working. Um but she's allowed me to be lazy um And that's what happened, I'm going to try to start breaking a bit because it's like now I'll wake up at like 6 30 to 7, which is about when I normally would get up and stuff, but then it's like well I don't have anything to do, so then we like stay in bed them closer to like nine or 8 39 o'clock and it's like oh and I walk her feed her breakfast friday, it's like oh where did the day go?
SPEAKER_L: It's hard when you don't have like something specific ticket up and go deal. But I mean I have to be online seven for work so I work 7 to 3 30 then I'm done for the day.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's nice. I was generally doing about 7 30 or eight a.m. It was a little bit flexible because our team was based a a lot of us in Illinois but um a handful in michigan, a handful in Ohio couple in like the ST louis area so um because it was like east coast but then getting into the central time zone, I could get outlined by 7 30 or eight and then be done by like you know core 4 30 which was nice and thankfully my bosses didn't quite care if it was you know 7:15 or 7:30 or 7:45. Like as long as I got, my I've been um during
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the day.
SPEAKER_L: would claim to like I think I could work for tens if I want to or or you know work later one day. I mean it could change every week. There is very flexible and I like that work for Ohio state. Yeah so we work in advancement. So it's just like we're the basically they interact with all the donors to get you know I work on the, on the I. T. Side so we get like all the data and I put the data into the system so
SPEAKER_R: cool. I uh when I went to Northwestern but I worked in the admissions office when I was there and and stuff and so it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: looked at that a little bit unfortunately. Um We're a little bit worried with Marriott right now that the furloughs, temporary layoffs may end up being a little bit permanent. Um So
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: starting to look further
SPEAKER_L: first.
SPEAKER_R: dogs at the same time. Um So I looked at a few of the universities but it's a very weird
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: trying to trying to be looking for jobs because nobody really knows what they're doing and you know, so many people are already like laid off but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're on hiring freeze right now doing like no raises this year. So I mean it's so temporary, but you just don't know like how long this is gonna last or
SPEAKER_R: exactly and thanks like I am a planner and a saver so I have a good brandy day fun and my
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: my unemployment I didn't have any problems which I know so many people did, so like I'm one on one sex or I'll be fine once the extra fiddle like runs out but that's kind of where it's really gonna be sort of setting down maybe if I can find something else, You know, I really like a team and I like working for mary out, but at the end of the day and they're actually, they're offering buyouts. So they kind of, I think want some people to leave that
SPEAKER_L: learning.
SPEAKER_R: way less people for actually let go unfortunately. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm sure it's hard spot for them to have to deal with that because I mean it wasn't planned obviously and
SPEAKER_R: yeah, nobody, nobody has that. I was actually talking like the week before was one of my bosses because there was an opening that some of the people in front of me, we're probably going to be going for promotion. And then if there was a spot open at that level, she like wanted to talk to me about it, it was like, oh, it's very cool. And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: then the next next week it was like, okay, let's have a call every day this week about coronavirus and how it's affecting business. The following week, uh, we went from talking about maybe just doing like a four day work week for everyone to everybody's for a month. So, but it was okay. They gave a double. Yes. Yeah. Like if we have a department that comes back like, because we were considered field marketing. So the hotel is kind of opt in to our services because a lot of the
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: hotels don't have the budget to like a marketing person on staff. So it's like each manager will have 10 to 15 hotels, um that they like work with based on their needs, some that, you know, do more wedding, some that do more corporate, some that are, you know, have, they're near like sports stadiums and stuff. And so working with them and their promotions or online advertised in their website up today, figuring out different deals they can run and um, things like that that way. Um They buying at different levels but unfortunately because of this obviously they're they're not making much money so then having the sort of have an extra service for marketing. It's just not something that unfortunate.
SPEAKER_L: It's too bad so far.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't heard anything about my job so I've been busier so hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I d I mean and I think that's definitely a growing field and something that's very useful and everything. So um my one of my best friends from high school was just talking to because she works um sort of in the library services for school in the philadelphia area. Um Hers was like a nine month contract
SPEAKER_L: Forget
SPEAKER_R: job
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: but you know they wanted her to come back in the fall but she said they were very like consisting of like we really enjoyed you you know this first like year and
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: stuff
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: and we really really hope you're coming back because they have had some I guess governments and stuff. And in the back of her mind she was like, there aren't any full time jobs to really go too. So it's like of course I want to come back and stuff. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: That's hard. Are we doing on time?
SPEAKER_R: I have 3 26. So I think we're good
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: that that's yeah. So it was nice to just and everything and I hope,
SPEAKER_L: thanks
SPEAKER_R: you know, everything continues to do well and say everyone sits a selfie and safe.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Same day I hope you are your job works out and hopefully they bring you back. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Really? II