mm. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I know. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Can yeah, mm Mhm. Right Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. No. Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh
are you
good? My name is linda
based
on
their
Thank
I know, I know what you mean and sometimes I never know what day of the week it is, but at least I know it was monday because I had to work today so
that would be hard. I haven't had that issue. So I've just been working. I've actually been busier now that
there
All
We've just had different types of things going on in our area and so we end up
just having a lot more things for us to do, which is interesting. But
what kind of dog do you have?
No, it means
We just got a dog the beginning of jim. So
Welcome.
Yeah. So my medals. Yeah, I am a runner.
So I've done more of that to since I've been working from home so I can just fit it in any time I want
that
separate.
I know. Mhm
no.
I'm
doing my job. So we have like a bench in the basement that my son and I have been we're doing for a while and then we kind of stopped doing it, but and we used to go to the why. But yeah, they just reopened too. But I haven't been back yet. Yeah,
I think so too.
I know that's one place I think that just seems like I want to wait a while for.
If
I
just
saw
that.
It
is.
I mean everything's changed.
We're
well, that's fine. Yeah, That's pretty name.
Billings. I did it one other time and it was actually ended up being somebody that lived not that far from me,
which I didn't.
I'm in Ohio.
I
don't know.
My brother lives in Chicago and the and the one of the far west suburbs. So
that way once
along.
Oh yeah, we can't take earth for walk shit because he's still a puppy. So I shot
it so they're like, don't take him outside.
What?
Well,
where you are?
Well,
I'm
sure it's hard because you haven't been able to get out. But here we live in like a suburb of columbus. Um So it's kind of a small town, so we're in like in the suburbs, so we have a backyard and we can start all can run around out there. And I still feel like I've been outside just as much because if I go run, I don't really encounter a lot of people a lot of times anyway, so I don't, I feel pretty socially distanced from
others,
even what I'm doing that.
On
Right. I know it's it's hard to know what you should and shouldn't do. But even here in Ohio, I think this is the case. Numbers are going up and I don't know if it's their testing more
or if.
Yeah, I know the numbers are going up here a little bit, but we're still like maybe 40 active cases in our county, so it's not very, but they're just going up more than they have been the last few weeks for everything and opening back up for several weeks now, we've been open, so, but we don't go out a whole lot still.
Rare.
It
I'm
gonna wear, I agree. I think, I mean we'll get back to hopefully somewhat normal, it's, you know, somewhere down the road, but we just don't know how long it's gonna take.
right. Or watching a movie, That movie, is it called Pandemic? Is it? Never seen that one,
continue Junior.
Yeah, we watched it. I don't know, a few weeks into this and we were like, oh, there's a lot of similarities there.
I
know.
definitely.
I know you think about completely different things that you just took for granted before. Mhm, mhm. It is interesting, so let's see what else, what do you do for a living?
Oh, that's it.
I
want
to.
you
hear?
yeah, I mean I didn't think about that either, but I'm sure those are pretty good money makers for because you get all that one time and I mean probably every weekend and during the week to like conventions and all that stuff,
something
like
they
might
have to do that or if you're sick even you might have to get online, you know, at least get your homework and stuff like that. Yeah, it's gonna change a lot of things where they have the capability of doing that because they kind of were forced to get into it, like our school district had never had any online and I don't know if it was a very good, I mean they did, my kids did fine with it, but I don't think that they probably learned as much as they would if they were in school.
No,
that was such
a great, great
fun
anymore. You get
day,
I hope they wouldn't do that because the teacher, but it might be hard, even the best the teachers are going to be home to. But I don't know, I could, I mean, we'll see, I guess what happens.
definitely.
No.
And
then,
What?
My
kids love Tiktok. They're
13.
It's
like
we'll keep it light and fun. Yeah. My kids are 13 and 15 and they love just, they'll watch Tiktok for hours, but I prefer they not watch it for our okay.
Uh huh.
Thanks very much. But they'll send them to me once in a while and they are, they're pretty funny and they're short you I guess it's better than some other things I could do.
So baseball is canceled for my son. But he's they're starting to practice again now and maybe play some games in the fall. So it
was we're supposed to be done at the beginning of july, but listen, get out a little bit.
Uh They pretty much leave me alone at the beginning when they were doing school. We were all in the same room and so like my meetings, they would get on with my, with me during the meetings and my coworker. My work doesn't care. So
I don't
know.
Thanks.
North
Yeah. That's interesting for everybody else to do. So
family.
Yeah,
It,
correct.
Yeah. Well luckily I have two teenagers and my husband so we like that's my social interaction I guess in our neighbors we have really good neighbors so we talked to them you know on a daily basis. It helps, you know?
It's funny
when little dogs do that because it's like they think they're like in charge or like or maybe they're just trying to act that way so because there. Right.
No
Yeah. I don't know what we're gonna how she's gonna how he our dog is a boy but I don't know how he's gonna react to the other dogs as all of our neighbors have dogs so that
you
know.
But
yeah and I think he'll be fine because he's already around the fence, you know, smelling them all and you know,
he's a golden doodle.
And
Yeah, he's pretty great so far. But like we had to get one that doesn't shed much because my daughter is allergic to dog,
you know
your stuff. So, but so far it's been good. She hasn't had any issues. So you and he seems pretty smart so far.
yeah. I hope go through a spurt and just run, run, run, run like crazy. And the hell just lay there like for now or you know, so tired.
Yeah, there he is pretty good. We are enjoying him so far. But you do find that you don't can't just go run off and do whatever you want anytime you want anymore.
That's a big change.
Have you, wow. Yes.
No,
there are. No.
Right. Yeah. That would be tough. Yeah I can imagine like so far it's been good. I get up early so I get the morning shift and then when everybody else gets out you know then they can play with them for a while.
It's hard when you don't have like something specific ticket up and go deal. But I mean I have to be online seven for work so I work 7 to 3 30 then I'm done for the day.
I
would claim to like I think I could work for tens if I want to or or you know work later one day. I mean it could change every week. There is very flexible and I like that work for Ohio state. Yeah so we work in advancement. So it's just like we're the basically they interact with all the donors to get you know I work on the, on the I. T. Side so we get like all the data and I put the data into the system so
I
don't know.
I'm
good
first.
Thank you.
Yeah, we're on hiring freeze right now doing like no raises this year. So I mean it's so temporary, but you just don't know like how long this is gonna last or
that's good.
learning.
Yeah. I'm sure it's hard spot for them to have to deal with that because I mean it wasn't planned obviously and
Yeah.
What?
It's too bad so far.
I haven't heard anything about my job so I've been busier so hopefully.
Forget
it.
There
is.
That's hard. Are we doing on time?
I think
we're
good.
thanks
yep. Same day I hope you are your job works out and hopefully they bring you back. Yeah. Okay.