SPEAKER_R: Hey how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: not good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Brett
SPEAKER_L: Right, nice to meet you, my name is Travis,
SPEAKER_R: Travis. Good to meet you. Where are you at?
SPEAKER_L: I am in sunny, sunny in California at least
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: for now,
SPEAKER_R: nice. I am in Alaska and it is not sonny
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's good, okay. Mhm. That's uh
SPEAKER_R: it snowed this morning.
SPEAKER_L: okay, yeah, we uh we don't get that around here fortunately, or unfortunately
SPEAKER_R: yeah. What so what do you do in California?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a college soon, I actually don't go to college in California, but my I'm from California, so right now I'm here for the quarantine, I go to University of Toronto Canada, for science, Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's uh seems like a pretty good place to be if you're gonna let me can you go to Canada even because a student or they just employment?
SPEAKER_L: as a student, I am considered essential travel, um
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: but I have no reason to go right now, since everything is online.
SPEAKER_R: there you go. Right on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, how about you? Haven't returned the question?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I work up here I worked for the ferry system so it's you know I'm just hanging out at home right now. It's not a lot of reason to pack a lot of people onto a ship. So you know I mean they're still paying us and I'm going to a ship in the shipyard here in a couple of weeks so it's not you know it's a little weird but you know whatever it's fine. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I mean it is um like help with this like shit, I lost my train to fight, yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Right, right, so, I mean if Alaska is probably not as big a deal with like Kobe cases, right, because definitely not as much as in the more populated areas, so.
SPEAKER_R: it wasn't like the last week it's kind of gone crazy here. Yeah I mean it's not like the numbers aren't huge, but you know, it's like it was 500 cases yesterday in Alaska, which is the highest number we've had by quite a bit, But there's only 700,000 people in the whole state, so yeah, I don't know man, it's it's you know, it's pretty easy, it's just like, you know, go to the store only when I need to and do a lot of stuff outside,
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah. Uh can I ask which part of L. A skater in? I know it's huge, normal, so.
SPEAKER_R: I live in Anchorage. Have you ever been up here
SPEAKER_L: I haven't but I've always wanted to go because you know, Alaska the last frontier, you know, I'm sure it's very pretty and all
SPEAKER_R: gorgeous? People who live here either love it or hate it. And I have yet to meet anybody that's come here on a vacation and didn't absolutely love it.
SPEAKER_L: here like days are either really short and really long, depending what time of year. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's uh it's like the, you know, the days get shorter in the winter and longer in the summer, it's just more exaggerated because we're farther north, so the days are starting to get pretty short. Um you know in the end
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: of december at the solstice it'll be you know like the sun will come up at like 9:30 AM and we'll go back down at 3:00 PM. But then in the summer time like you never even need your headlights, like the sun technically sets, but it doesn't get far enough below the horizon, never really gets dark. So that announced just yeah,
SPEAKER_L: How does,
SPEAKER_R: it's one of the weird things, you know you get used to if you live here or you don't, you go crazy. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I have heard of people who just can't stand always having sunlight at some point during the night, so
SPEAKER_R: Are you, where are you in California?
SPEAKER_L: um bay area san Francisco ish. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I lived there for a couple of years. I was in the Coast Guard for a while and those stationed in san Francisco. It's not a bad corner of the world. I like it there a lot actually. I was just like there's so many people which I'm not really used to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I live in the kind of less densely populated part of the part of the bay, so that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: All right on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, it's a nice place here, you know, people always tell me the weather is nice and you know that that's been mostly true up until maybe the last couple of years with more fires and more droughts and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the fire thing is kind of crazy. Are you impacted by about any of that?
SPEAKER_L: I live pretty close to like I I live relatively close enough but not close enough where I had to get evacuated, but like it was, it was like almost there. So I could have been if it's gotten worse.
SPEAKER_R: That's wild.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh you know The year before, you know, people are making a big deal like, Oh, you can't, you can't go outside, you know, it's going outside and breathing in the air is like smoking 20 packs of cigarettes. But then they're like, I mean you were supposed to go out anyway, so it's kind of what can you do?
SPEAKER_R: Is are there restrictions on like restaurants and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: We have been keeping relatively constant pace for covid cases. Um I think we, we've been hovering around like 700-900 case throughout cases throughout the whole state every day, which is actually not insane considering we have a pretty large population, so. Right.
SPEAKER_R: That's not bad. So yeah. I don't know. It's been like Alaska is pretty conservative and like our governor is not doing anything and like things are kind of blowing up now and then nobody is talking about doing anything. Um Which is just weird, you know? Um But yeah I mean stuff is still open here. It's just the uh the you know just like the tables are pushed far apart and they have a lot of like outdoor seating and things like that. Um But there's no like it's not, I was just down in Seattle for training and like there's like things are like shut down. There's like things reported up. Like a lot of places are just flat out close. It's really weird.
SPEAKER_L: I think for Seattle it's maybe a little more related to the protests. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: that is, that is true for a lot of the places they were closing up here in particular, they were starting to open up a little by little again, although
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: uh, my previous, uh, part time job as a swim instructor
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: was in the indoor pool. So I'm still closed off from that because that's still way too much of a danger makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But yeah, I don't know. Weird. So what do you study? And uh the University of Toronto?
SPEAKER_L: Computer science.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I'm how many of these conversations have you done
SPEAKER_L: This is my 3rd 1 so far.
SPEAKER_R: this? This is I think this is also my 3rd 1. The last person I talked to also studied computer science, but at Georgia Tech. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The last person I talked to was a woman, I think she was from Denver and she just had her baby. So that was my stocking point. Good to learn a little about the parenting world so far. Haven't seen much of stuff. Always on the receiving end. The first one was a teacher from north Carolina. It's nice one. Nice guy.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I mean I talked to a lady who is a music teacher in philadelphia and I talked to the lady who was studying computer science and uh in Georgia. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm curious like what they're trying to like figure out from all this.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm mm. So I did a little bit of research into the company behind us which is better up labs, right? Um They seem to be a company that's trying to learn more about like conversation, how conversations work and like the psychology behind them. That seems to be the case. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Yeah. What do you do with that? What are they trying to?
SPEAKER_L: No I mean I guess there's some research, some like some research output that could come out of that. You know like oh you know these kinds of people tend to you know flow better in conversation with these kinds of people or you know maybe the mood surveys afterwards. They're like oh they figure out, you know if you raise yourself in this kind of food you tend to fall more and more the passive side of conversation. Maybe something like that. My
SPEAKER_R: europe.
SPEAKER_L: original thought before I did that research was oh maybe they're trying to collect like data for machine learning. So that's a pretty common thing these days. Were like, you know, they take just lots and lots of data just feed into machinery, algorithms and try and maybe have robots speak more human. Like. Mhm. I guess not.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I have done no actual research into it. That's uh pretty interesting though.
SPEAKER_L: I'm always curious about, you know the universities and what the studies are around and you know in this case and what the company is about and how they're able to pay so much compared to other prolific surveys. That was the real thing was like really you're paying this much to have a conversation. You seem to come forward.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm curious how, because they said that there have been like several rounds of this. Um which yeah, I don't know. It seems like they could be spending potentially a whole lot of money,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but it seems they did do pretty well what their start
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: up funding around. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I just love this. Yeah, some questions answered.
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah. What do you like to do for fun?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I like any other person my age like to play video games. Um less so these days I've been kind of facing out of it, do more school work. Um I enjoyed movies and piano as well, a little piano
SPEAKER_R: nice, Nice. My parents, my parents used to live up here. They moved down to Washington when my dad retired. Um and they gave me their piano, which I played when I was a kid and I'm trying to pick it back up, but
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I'm not, I was taking lessons and then that all got canceled because of the pandemic. Um as I find it hard to do on my own. You know, it's hard to, it's easy when it's much easier to have somebody like point out like, hey you're doing that wrong, you should try this or you know, I'm less motivated when it's just me and there's no, it's not like I'm going to a lesson tomorrow, like I need to make sure I've practiced and
SPEAKER_L: good. Uh for me to think that helps the most is I mean I listened to a lot of music in general um a lot of which includes like movie scores, you know like the background for like like fantasy movies. Like I mentioned like movies, right? I I enjoy, you know, fantasy type movies, a lot, a lot of the Rings, you know, how did that kind of thing? So I really love like the music that comes out of that, so I would like to play that sometimes and then I would, you know, I listened between one another piano when I'm listening on my own time. So like you know that kind of sounds a little different. Trying to track this until I think it sounds right and occasionally find it comes by not so much now. But yeah, occasionally friend was buying like yeah, I think that does sound the same or I think it doesn't Yeah
SPEAKER_R: well there you go, that's a good idea. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: find music you like and play that's so music is for I suppose.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the internet is actually really helpful to, you know, you find things you like find people have done like tutorials on Youtube, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It's so easy these days to find like a score for music. Like do I have it sure enough. 20 people have done it. Yeah. How about you? Anything else you'd like to do in your free time?
SPEAKER_R: Um spend a lot of time outside, a lot of hiking, skiing maybe now that it's starting to snow a lot of mountain biking um you know just try and get outside as much as possible really. It's kind of my favorite thing to do a lot of opportunity here, you know it's like You know even Anchorage is the biggest city like 300 and some 1000 people but you know you drive 20 minutes across town and you're at the edge of the woods which go on for you know it's like hundreds of miles before you run into another road or town or anything you know it's it's pretty pretty wide open so you know plenty of space and places to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've been helping myself to try and go out a little more. Especially when I you know, I figured out I went I was going to go to K university because you know Canada also has some nice for you to it California is like I am bigger long enough for I've seen most of the scenery around me and in my state especially you know the redwood forests, I think that's a very big highlight and I appreciate it but I have seen a lot of it and eventually looking at very large trees does feel the same, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah for sure in the bay Area like northern California is beautiful like I really enjoyed the time that I spent there. It's just you know I was ready to get away from all the people when it was time to time to leave. That's really my own way. That's like the only downside and it's expensive like crazy expensive to live there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh for sure. That's one of the reasons I I'm not really like I'm considered not staying here after I graduate because all the jobs are here like and the rent's too expensive and the sky is going to be orange like three months a year moving forward. I don't know if I want to stick around.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's crazy. That's great. I mean there was So I was down there in 2012, Um I mean it wasn't you know there would be wildfires but it was never like in you know the bay Area like you know it was actually like yeah I mean they definitely little fires here and there but it wasn't anything like you know major areas being threatened by fire.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it wasn't something that would get put on the news unless it was local, right? You know I think I'm still a kid back then so I never really felt much about it. I think back then though was when the drought started. So that was when my parents were teaching me like oh you know conserve water shower for less than five minutes, that kind of thing. And then as I grew up with just been exponentially worse and worse like first oh just you know conserve water a little bit like oh then now there's there's climate change with that is like oh now it's going to be smoking, you can't go outside and go now there's a pandemic just get worse and worse as I grow up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this year has been just weird, so many weird things. Um Yeah we had last, not this past summer at the summer 2019 we had a huge wildfire up here, burned you know a huge portion of the Kenai peninsula but there's nothing there you know it's a wildlife refuge but you know it's just there's no I don't think any structures were burned or just some somebody's hunting cabin or whatever you know it's not like.
SPEAKER_L: People evacuated Leslie losing their homes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that was, it would be smoky here in Anchorage like real smoky, you know sky's orange and smells like campfire when you go outside, it was pretty wild. Yeah. Do you travel at all?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I was never really much of one to go out much I think last trip I did was Yellowstone about a year ago.
SPEAKER_R: That's not a bad fault.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was you know I was going to college so my parents are like let's go somewhere special, so yeah, it was fun being in the middle of nowhere for once in a while. No offense to nowhere. All right. Uh huh. And you you like to go places
SPEAKER_R: Try
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: to when there's not a pandemic happening. Yeah, it's uh it's been kind of have some friends in europe was supposed to go visit that got cancelled plans to go to Iceland that got canceled. It's kind of a bummer. But what are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_L: Iceland, interesting choice. Um Not a popular destination, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's getting more popular. It's just, there's a lot of like weird stuff there, you know this is like really, you know it's volcanically active, you know there's like hot springs and all sorts of weird stuff going on there. You can go diving and scuba dive in canyon, that's like the two, it's the north american plate and the european plate. Like where they use like an underwater canyon and you're like diving between two continents. That's kind of cool. I love to do that. I don't know, it's just like really interesting country I think. You know, it's like not that many people living on a rock in the middle of the atlantic ocean.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah no I agree, like I have a friend who lives in Iceland as well um although he tends to tell me the more negative aspects about it, so my immediately my question is not great, but
SPEAKER_R: What what are the negative aspects?
SPEAKER_L: every time he wants to buy something it's really expensive apparently like um
SPEAKER_R: I can see that.
SPEAKER_L: and I think we were having a discussion about like supermarkets and he was telling me about this one that was just the most popular one and had like maybe four shops across the whole country. And he just was like yeah it's really, it's a shit show what he told me. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's pretty small and it's pretty remote. Imagine it's a lot like living in Alaska. You know, we run into that kind of stuff here. Like the produce is kind of terrible and supermarket because it takes forever to get here. Um it is just not that many people. So you know, it doesn't support that much. You know, there's lots of stores and restaurants that are really common everywhere else in the country that we just don't have. We got our first target. I don't know, four or 5. Like he's all like super excited about target coming to town.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I'm sure living living in relative isolation has its own charms. I.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. I mean I do it by choice. Like I you know, do a two week rotation. I work two weeks on the ship and I have two weeks off and so I could live basically anywhere I want. And I mean I've lived here my choice so can't point too much. But yeah, there's definitely challenges.
SPEAKER_L: I experience home the slights really doesn't like, I don't know if I can do much about it. Uh Sorry. But
SPEAKER_R: When are?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I remember when I moved to Canada for the first time, it was not so much culture shock, but like you know like just adapting in general, you know, oh you know sales tax is kind of high, that's something I got to get used to. We actually snows. That's something I got to get used to. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that was the last
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: time I saw falling snow. Yeah. For some,
SPEAKER_R: um Did you grow up in the bay Area where you live there your whole life?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, all yeah 18 years I lived here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: snow turning into rain. Just sounds like it started raining outside. That will
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: be fun.
SPEAKER_L: was.
SPEAKER_R: Like everybody drives like an idiot in the snow. Like they haven't seen it snow. It was like it was winter like six months ago. It's not that long ago, but this will make the road super fun. A little bit of war now. Rain, awesome.
SPEAKER_L: wow, what something you Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I guess uh something else I should ask too is you know, you feel lonely after being there for a while, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I mean not really. Um It's uh yeah, it was like my cousin lives here in town so I hang out with her and her family pretty regular and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: have friends here and it's you know there's not as many people as there are in the Bay Area but the thing that I miss that I like really miss or like all the awesome restaurants, there's always like something interesting happening. You know, you can go to like they have like the thing at the Academy of the Sciences on thursday night where you go and like walk around and drink cocktails and listen to for me to give a lecture like that's super fun. Um Like that kind of I mean there's people here, it's just not as many as you know, sit in traffic when you're trying to go places. That's the that's the kind of stuff that they would like, you know, bother me about having so many people around
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm coming up is like some city man who has never been within without, you know, being with six ft and six ft of people now. It's not that I
SPEAKER_R: Bama.
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know, it's just Alaska's weird. It's like there's so much open space, like I didn't realize how used to it had become until I moved to san Francisco and you know, it's just that that's not there, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think I remember going to texas for the first time and just seeing you like open roads, you know like eight lane highways. There are eight lane highways, you can do that, that's legal.
SPEAKER_R: now. Well yeah, I just have tons of stay.
SPEAKER_L: ideas that much admittedly is kind of unfathomable to me. And even after seeing a bit more of that wells in Canada, it's like like isolate them to have trouble grasping with Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Have you like spend any time traveling around like outside of Toronto have begun like way far Northern Canada. You just stay mostly around Toronto.
SPEAKER_L: um, yeah, I, I didn't have much choice but to stay around there. It's kind of hard to go out because I don't have a car and I have to rely on public transit. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What's up?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean there's still some pretty cool places nearby. I remember there's actually a hiking trail like connected right into my campus. So that was,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've never actually been to Toronto. I've spent been to Montreal and spent about planning maritimes and in british Columbia, but I've never actually been to Toronto. I've heard a lot of really good things about it.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. I think, uh, the thing that people did to complain mother moses the food because it's
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: like, There's a lot of different types of foods because there's so many, you know, immigrants coming in. I think like 50% of people living in Toronto are not actually born in Canada, whatever. So we're like, they all because of that, they all kind of melt together in like their taste, right? So we all tend to like, they kind of lose their own actual, you know, or original food taste and kind of move towards the center a little bit people say, well, you know, this doesn't taste like real mexican food. Back in Mexico I had you know, the best mexican food ever. And this this just sucks, you know, and that's the impression some people get. I I do not explore the food as much as I could have, but I thought I thought was okay. But then again I my my taste buds are kind of lax, I can eat almost anything realistically, so.
SPEAKER_R: that's not bad. Uh I think we just about made our yeah, there we go. 25 minutes, awesome. It's a good job with you.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, you too. Thanks for coming over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we'll see you around