not good.
Right, nice to meet you, my name is Travis,
I am in sunny, sunny in California at least
for now,
wow, that's good, okay. Mhm. That's uh
okay, yeah, we uh we don't get that around here fortunately, or unfortunately
I'm a college soon, I actually don't go to college in California, but my I'm from California, so right now I'm here for the quarantine, I go to University of Toronto Canada, for science, Yeah,
as a student, I am considered essential travel, um
but I have no reason to go right now, since everything is online.
Yeah, how about you? Haven't returned the question?
I mean it is um like help with this like shit, I lost my train to fight, yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Right, right, so, I mean if Alaska is probably not as big a deal with like Kobe cases, right, because definitely not as much as in the more populated areas, so.
mm hmm. Yeah. Uh can I ask which part of L. A skater in? I know it's huge, normal, so.
I haven't but I've always wanted to go because you know, Alaska the last frontier, you know, I'm sure it's very pretty and all
here like days are either really short and really long, depending what time of year. Right.
Where?
How does,
yeah, I have heard of people who just can't stand always having sunlight at some point during the night, so
um bay area san Francisco ish. Yeah.
Yeah, I live in the kind of less densely populated part of the part of the bay, so that's nice.
Yeah, yeah, it's a nice place here, you know, people always tell me the weather is nice and you know that that's been mostly true up until maybe the last couple of years with more fires and more droughts and whatnot.
I live pretty close to like I I live relatively close enough but not close enough where I had to get evacuated, but like it was, it was like almost there. So I could have been if it's gotten worse.
Yeah. And uh you know The year before, you know, people are making a big deal like, Oh, you can't, you can't go outside, you know, it's going outside and breathing in the air is like smoking 20 packs of cigarettes. But then they're like, I mean you were supposed to go out anyway, so it's kind of what can you do?
We have been keeping relatively constant pace for covid cases. Um I think we, we've been hovering around like 700-900 case throughout cases throughout the whole state every day, which is actually not insane considering we have a pretty large population, so. Right.
I think for Seattle it's maybe a little more related to the protests. But yeah,
that,
that is, that is true for a lot of the places they were closing up here in particular, they were starting to open up a little by little again, although
uh, my previous, uh, part time job as a swim instructor
was in the indoor pool. So I'm still closed off from that because that's still way too much of a danger makes sense.
Computer science.
This is my 3rd 1 so far.
Yeah. The last person I talked to was a woman, I think she was from Denver and she just had her baby. So that was my stocking point. Good to learn a little about the parenting world so far. Haven't seen much of stuff. Always on the receiving end. The first one was a teacher from north Carolina. It's nice one. Nice guy.
Mhm.
Mhm mm. So I did a little bit of research into the company behind us which is better up labs, right? Um They seem to be a company that's trying to learn more about like conversation, how conversations work and like the psychology behind them. That seems to be the case. Yeah.
No I mean I guess there's some research, some like some research output that could come out of that. You know like oh you know these kinds of people tend to you know flow better in conversation with these kinds of people or you know maybe the mood surveys afterwards. They're like oh they figure out, you know if you raise yourself in this kind of food you tend to fall more and more the passive side of conversation. Maybe something like that. My
original thought before I did that research was oh maybe they're trying to collect like data for machine learning. So that's a pretty common thing these days. Were like, you know, they take just lots and lots of data just feed into machinery, algorithms and try and maybe have robots speak more human. Like. Mhm. I guess not.
I'm always curious about, you know the universities and what the studies are around and you know in this case and what the company is about and how they're able to pay so much compared to other prolific surveys. That was the real thing was like really you're paying this much to have a conversation. You seem to come forward.
Yeah, but it seems they did do pretty well what their start
up funding around. So yeah,
I just love this. Yeah, some questions answered.
Yeah. Um I like any other person my age like to play video games. Um less so these days I've been kind of facing out of it, do more school work. Um I enjoyed movies and piano as well, a little piano
and
good. Uh for me to think that helps the most is I mean I listened to a lot of music in general um a lot of which includes like movie scores, you know like the background for like like fantasy movies. Like I mentioned like movies, right? I I enjoy, you know, fantasy type movies, a lot, a lot of the Rings, you know, how did that kind of thing? So I really love like the music that comes out of that, so I would like to play that sometimes and then I would, you know, I listened between one another piano when I'm listening on my own time. So like you know that kind of sounds a little different. Trying to track this until I think it sounds right and occasionally find it comes by not so much now. But yeah, occasionally friend was buying like yeah, I think that does sound the same or I think it doesn't Yeah
find music you like and play that's so music is for I suppose.
It's so easy these days to find like a score for music. Like do I have it sure enough. 20 people have done it. Yeah. How about you? Anything else you'd like to do in your free time?
Yeah. Yeah. I've been helping myself to try and go out a little more. Especially when I you know, I figured out I went I was going to go to K university because you know Canada also has some nice for you to it California is like I am bigger long enough for I've seen most of the scenery around me and in my state especially you know the redwood forests, I think that's a very big highlight and I appreciate it but I have seen a lot of it and eventually looking at very large trees does feel the same, so
Oh for sure. That's one of the reasons I I'm not really like I'm considered not staying here after I graduate because all the jobs are here like and the rent's too expensive and the sky is going to be orange like three months a year moving forward. I don't know if I want to stick around.
Yeah, it wasn't something that would get put on the news unless it was local, right? You know I think I'm still a kid back then so I never really felt much about it. I think back then though was when the drought started. So that was when my parents were teaching me like oh you know conserve water shower for less than five minutes, that kind of thing. And then as I grew up with just been exponentially worse and worse like first oh just you know conserve water a little bit like oh then now there's there's climate change with that is like oh now it's going to be smoking, you can't go outside and go now there's a pandemic just get worse and worse as I grow up. Yeah.
People evacuated Leslie losing their homes. Yeah.
Uh I was never really much of one to go out much I think last trip I did was Yellowstone about a year ago.
Yeah it was you know I was going to college so my parents are like let's go somewhere special, so yeah, it was fun being in the middle of nowhere for once in a while. No offense to nowhere. All right. Uh huh. And you you like to go places
you know?
Iceland, interesting choice. Um Not a popular destination, I'm sure.
Well yeah no I agree, like I have a friend who lives in Iceland as well um although he tends to tell me the more negative aspects about it, so my immediately my question is not great, but
every time he wants to buy something it's really expensive apparently like um
and I think we were having a discussion about like supermarkets and he was telling me about this one that was just the most popular one and had like maybe four shops across the whole country. And he just was like yeah it's really, it's a shit show what he told me. Uh huh.
Yeah, I mean I'm sure living living in relative isolation has its own charms. I.
I experience home the slights really doesn't like, I don't know if I can do much about it. Uh Sorry. But
yeah, I remember when I moved to Canada for the first time, it was not so much culture shock, but like you know like just adapting in general, you know, oh you know sales tax is kind of high, that's something I got to get used to. We actually snows. That's something I got to get used to. Yeah,
that was the last
time I saw falling snow. Yeah. For some,
Yeah, all yeah 18 years I lived here. Yeah,
it
was.
wow, what something you Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I guess uh something else I should ask too is you know, you feel lonely after being there for a while, you know?
No.
I feel like I'm coming up is like some city man who has never been within without, you know, being with six ft and six ft of people now. It's not that I
don't know.
Yeah, I think I remember going to texas for the first time and just seeing you like open roads, you know like eight lane highways. There are eight lane highways, you can do that, that's legal.
ideas that much admittedly is kind of unfathomable to me. And even after seeing a bit more of that wells in Canada, it's like like isolate them to have trouble grasping with Uh,
um, yeah, I, I didn't have much choice but to stay around there. It's kind of hard to go out because I don't have a car and I have to rely on public transit. Um,
yeah, I mean there's still some pretty cool places nearby. I remember there's actually a hiking trail like connected right into my campus. So that was,
that's cool. Yeah.
Mm. I think, uh, the thing that people did to complain mother moses the food because it's
like, There's a lot of different types of foods because there's so many, you know, immigrants coming in. I think like 50% of people living in Toronto are not actually born in Canada, whatever. So we're like, they all because of that, they all kind of melt together in like their taste, right? So we all tend to like, they kind of lose their own actual, you know, or original food taste and kind of move towards the center a little bit people say, well, you know, this doesn't taste like real mexican food. Back in Mexico I had you know, the best mexican food ever. And this this just sucks, you know, and that's the impression some people get. I I do not explore the food as much as I could have, but I thought I thought was okay. But then again I my my taste buds are kind of lax, I can eat almost anything realistically, so.
Right. Yeah, you too. Thanks for coming over.