Hey how's it going?
I'm Brett
Travis. Good to meet you. Where are you at?
Very
nice. I am in Alaska and it is not sonny
it snowed this morning.
yeah. What so what do you do in California?
that's uh seems like a pretty good place to be if you're gonna let me can you go to Canada even because a student or they just employment?
No
there you go. Right on.
Um Well I work up here I worked for the ferry system so it's you know I'm just hanging out at home right now. It's not a lot of reason to pack a lot of people onto a ship. So you know I mean they're still paying us and I'm going to a ship in the shipyard here in a couple of weeks so it's not you know it's a little weird but you know whatever it's fine. Mhm
it wasn't like the last week it's kind of gone crazy here. Yeah I mean it's not like the numbers aren't huge, but you know, it's like it was 500 cases yesterday in Alaska, which is the highest number we've had by quite a bit, But there's only 700,000 people in the whole state, so yeah, I don't know man, it's it's you know, it's pretty easy, it's just like, you know, go to the store only when I need to and do a lot of stuff outside,
I live in Anchorage. Have you ever been up here
gorgeous? People who live here either love it or hate it. And I have yet to meet anybody that's come here on a vacation and didn't absolutely love it.
Yeah, it's uh it's like the, you know, the days get shorter in the winter and longer in the summer, it's just more exaggerated because we're farther north, so the days are starting to get pretty short. Um you know in the end
of december at the solstice it'll be you know like the sun will come up at like 9:30 AM and we'll go back down at 3:00 PM. But then in the summer time like you never even need your headlights, like the sun technically sets, but it doesn't get far enough below the horizon, never really gets dark. So that announced just yeah,
it's one of the weird things, you know you get used to if you live here or you don't, you go crazy. I don't know.
Are you, where are you in California?
I lived there for a couple of years. I was in the Coast Guard for a while and those stationed in san Francisco. It's not a bad corner of the world. I like it there a lot actually. I was just like there's so many people which I'm not really used to.
All right on.
Yeah the fire thing is kind of crazy. Are you impacted by about any of that?
That's wild.
Is are there restrictions on like restaurants and stuff?
That's not bad. So yeah. I don't know. It's been like Alaska is pretty conservative and like our governor is not doing anything and like things are kind of blowing up now and then nobody is talking about doing anything. Um Which is just weird, you know? Um But yeah I mean stuff is still open here. It's just the uh the you know just like the tables are pushed far apart and they have a lot of like outdoor seating and things like that. Um But there's no like it's not, I was just down in Seattle for training and like there's like things are like shut down. There's like things reported up. Like a lot of places are just flat out close. It's really weird.
Thank
you.
That's good.
What?
yeah. But yeah, I don't know. Weird. So what do you study? And uh the University of Toronto?
All right. I'm how many of these conversations have you done
this? This is I think this is also my 3rd 1. The last person I talked to also studied computer science, but at Georgia Tech. Yeah.
All right. I mean I talked to a lady who is a music teacher in philadelphia and I talked to the lady who was studying computer science and uh in Georgia. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm curious like what they're trying to like figure out from all this.
interesting. Yeah. What do you do with that? What are they trying to?
europe.
Uh Yeah, I have done no actual research into it. That's uh pretty interesting though.
Yeah, I'm curious how, because they said that there have been like several rounds of this. Um which yeah, I don't know. It seems like they could be spending potentially a whole lot of money,
correct.
What
what? Yeah. What do you like to do for fun?
nice, Nice. My parents, my parents used to live up here. They moved down to Washington when my dad retired. Um and they gave me their piano, which I played when I was a kid and I'm trying to pick it back up, but
I'm not, I was taking lessons and then that all got canceled because of the pandemic. Um as I find it hard to do on my own. You know, it's hard to, it's easy when it's much easier to have somebody like point out like, hey you're doing that wrong, you should try this or you know, I'm less motivated when it's just me and there's no, it's not like I'm going to a lesson tomorrow, like I need to make sure I've practiced and
well there you go, that's a good idea. Mhm.
Yeah, the internet is actually really helpful to, you know, you find things you like find people have done like tutorials on Youtube, you know?
Um spend a lot of time outside, a lot of hiking, skiing maybe now that it's starting to snow a lot of mountain biking um you know just try and get outside as much as possible really. It's kind of my favorite thing to do a lot of opportunity here, you know it's like You know even Anchorage is the biggest city like 300 and some 1000 people but you know you drive 20 minutes across town and you're at the edge of the woods which go on for you know it's like hundreds of miles before you run into another road or town or anything you know it's it's pretty pretty wide open so you know plenty of space and places to go.
Yeah. Yeah for sure in the bay Area like northern California is beautiful like I really enjoyed the time that I spent there. It's just you know I was ready to get away from all the people when it was time to time to leave. That's really my own way. That's like the only downside and it's expensive like crazy expensive to live there.
Yeah that's crazy. That's great. I mean there was So I was down there in 2012, Um I mean it wasn't you know there would be wildfires but it was never like in you know the bay Area like you know it was actually like yeah I mean they definitely little fires here and there but it wasn't anything like you know major areas being threatened by fire.
this year has been just weird, so many weird things. Um Yeah we had last, not this past summer at the summer 2019 we had a huge wildfire up here, burned you know a huge portion of the Kenai peninsula but there's nothing there you know it's a wildlife refuge but you know it's just there's no I don't think any structures were burned or just some somebody's hunting cabin or whatever you know it's not like.
Yeah. Yeah that was, it would be smoky here in Anchorage like real smoky, you know sky's orange and smells like campfire when you go outside, it was pretty wild. Yeah. Do you travel at all?
That's not a bad fault.
Try
to when there's not a pandemic happening. Yeah, it's uh it's been kind of have some friends in europe was supposed to go visit that got cancelled plans to go to Iceland that got canceled. It's kind of a bummer. But what are you gonna do?
I think it's getting more popular. It's just, there's a lot of like weird stuff there, you know this is like really, you know it's volcanically active, you know there's like hot springs and all sorts of weird stuff going on there. You can go diving and scuba dive in canyon, that's like the two, it's the north american plate and the european plate. Like where they use like an underwater canyon and you're like diving between two continents. That's kind of cool. I love to do that. I don't know, it's just like really interesting country I think. You know, it's like not that many people living on a rock in the middle of the atlantic ocean.
What what are the negative aspects?
I can see that.
I mean it's pretty small and it's pretty remote. Imagine it's a lot like living in Alaska. You know, we run into that kind of stuff here. Like the produce is kind of terrible and supermarket because it takes forever to get here. Um it is just not that many people. So you know, it doesn't support that much. You know, there's lots of stores and restaurants that are really common everywhere else in the country that we just don't have. We got our first target. I don't know, four or 5. Like he's all like super excited about target coming to town.
for sure. I mean I do it by choice. Like I you know, do a two week rotation. I work two weeks on the ship and I have two weeks off and so I could live basically anywhere I want. And I mean I've lived here my choice so can't point too much. But yeah, there's definitely challenges.
When are?
and
he
um Did you grow up in the bay Area where you live there your whole life?
snow turning into rain. Just sounds like it started raining outside. That will
be fun.
Like everybody drives like an idiot in the snow. Like they haven't seen it snow. It was like it was winter like six months ago. It's not that long ago, but this will make the road super fun. A little bit of war now. Rain, awesome.
Mhm.
I mean not really. Um It's uh yeah, it was like my cousin lives here in town so I hang out with her and her family pretty regular and
have friends here and it's you know there's not as many people as there are in the Bay Area but the thing that I miss that I like really miss or like all the awesome restaurants, there's always like something interesting happening. You know, you can go to like they have like the thing at the Academy of the Sciences on thursday night where you go and like walk around and drink cocktails and listen to for me to give a lecture like that's super fun. Um Like that kind of I mean there's people here, it's just not as many as you know, sit in traffic when you're trying to go places. That's the that's the kind of stuff that they would like, you know, bother me about having so many people around
Bama.
Yeah, I don't know, it's just Alaska's weird. It's like there's so much open space, like I didn't realize how used to it had become until I moved to san Francisco and you know, it's just that that's not there, you know,
now. Well yeah, I just have tons of stay.
Have you like spend any time traveling around like outside of Toronto have begun like way far Northern Canada. You just stay mostly around Toronto.
Yeah. What's up?
No,
I've never actually been to Toronto. I've spent been to Montreal and spent about planning maritimes and in british Columbia, but I've never actually been to Toronto. I've heard a lot of really good things about it.
Thank you.
that's not bad. Uh I think we just about made our yeah, there we go. 25 minutes, awesome. It's a good job with you.
Yeah, we'll see you around