yeah. Hey, I can see you,
that's fantastic.
Um I did this a couple of months ago and this is my third attempt at this round. I got stood up on friday and on saturday, so I was happy to see you show up.
Yeah, the first round, I only did one the first round and I got it right away, you know they connected and so
worked out great.
So we we have the rain yesterday but as you can see it's pretty bright today, it's got the living room lit up
fairly well. So
yeah the sun, the sun is trying to peek through there is still a little bit of you know cloudiness but I think the bulk of it has passed us by.
Yeah, I meant to set a timer to make sure we were on here long enough, so
close enough.
Well
we'll
just, we'll
just make sure we we cover our 25,
so you're in Memphis.
Yeah, we're not that far from Memphis. Um we're in kind of north central Arkansas. So you know if you had a little rock and head up 65 north, like if you were going to Branson, we live about an hour, About an hour north than the 15 miles east of um 65.
So if you're
Bentonville.
it's like Bentonville I think.
it's like the, the Crystal Bridges Museum
maybe.
So we're probably as the crow flies about 150,25 mi from there. But of course there is no direct route from here. We'd have to, it takes a long time to get there from here just
because you know, we've got the between there and here is like the Ozark National Forest. And so there's not a, like a highway or anything that goes from
where we live. So that
part of the state
you have to go,
you have to almost go all the way back down to little rock and get on 40 and then go across state and pick up 49 go north, you know, So by the time you get there, you've driven 250 miles even though it's only, You know, 125 miles
away or so.
Yeah.
So the area we're in, we're next to Greer's Fairy Lake, which is a lot like, like watch it to and, and that's where we would vacation when I was a kid. My parents would take us there, same thing. It's a big lake. Everybody has pontoon boats and when I was a kid or a team, you know, always decided whenever I grew up and retire, that's where I'm going to move. And that's what we did whenever I retired, we bought a house up here and we move from the Dallas area and towed our boat up here and we have a slip at the marina and so kind
well, it, it is somewhat rustic looking. It has kind of a lodge feel. Um, it over likes, you know, the, this side of the house is really bright because it's all window on this side, it overlooks the lake and so
it's
Did actually did.
Well, we were, we were very fortunate. I think so. But
I, yeah. So um, how long have you lived in Memphis?
That
I grew up on the gulf coast of texas. Um, So kind of, you know, if you, if you know where Houston is just, you know, on down, you know, 45 to the coast is where I grew up. And I went to college there when I graduated from college. Um, I took a job in Dallas and lived in Dallas,
Gosh, 25 years or so.
And yeah. And then, um, my job went, um, remote that I could do my job remotely. And so About seven years ago we decided, hey, if I can work from anywhere, let's work from where we want to retire to. So we moved up
here
about seven
years ago.
Captain.
Oh yeah, not like now. Yeah. And then I retired about two years ago and so prolific is just something I do, you know, for a little extra money in the past the time, you know, almost like a hobby.
Of this
scared. Yeah. So yeah,
I was, I was doing a couple a couple of other survey sites before this one and you know they were low paying and it was primarily just marketing in a product
product marketing.
It started um I think it's been I think I started on prolific sometime last summer, so it's been about a year and then my wife started doing it earlier this year. So we're both on it. But you can't you can't do the same survey. Um Multiple people in the same household can take the same study
so
speak
you know, it's not very often. I mean because you know they you fill out the complex profile that she gets a lot better targeted towards females and I get a lot that are targeted towards males. And every once a while, you know, I'll catch one and it'll say sorry someone in your household already did it and we'll kind
of take,
I mean
yeah I think.
Yeah. You know the little pop up you get like a studies full says sorry and studies full so we get the same one. But it'll say sorry someone in your household has already taken this survey so it's you know you know ahead of time you know why? But yeah it's been really good. Um I think in 1617 months that I've been doing it I've only had one that I got a rejection for you know for some odd reason and
well just you know I know yeah note back saying that you know we had to reject your
you know
and
but I think out of all that time I literally just have one of those which is pretty good.
yeah. Yeah.
Go
I figured
that out.
Pretty
good at the other one.
Yeah. It's it's a little extra a little extra pocket money. Never never hurts. All
Yeah. There you go. Well I am I am that person so I guess I can pay myself.
Um
Oh there you go. Well I mean I wasn't after after two cancellations in a row I wasn't convinced that you know I was going to actually get somebody on this time. So I had one So my first appointment was 3:00 on Friday and they were no show and I got you know they sent me um The dollar 50 for showing up and right away and When they when the first person didn't show up and you fill out the survey gave you the opportunity to schedule another time. So, but in my times. And sure enough, when I got up yesterday morning and said, Hey we found you another partner if you can chat at 10:00 today. and of course I logged in at 10:00 and nobody showed up and
James no, yesterday
yesterday.
And
then
When I got up this morning, I had yet another message in my inbox saying, Hey, here's your dollar 50 for showing up yesterday and you have a partner again at 9:00, try it again today. And I was like, uh for me twice. Yeah.
And.
Yeah. I didn't realize. Yeah, I didn't, I did see that. It said that you could do six this time around um
20. That's pretty nice.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The
guards
are,
yeah. It was basically the same one that I had to fill out to reschedule after the no shows friday
and saturday.
But you know, I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do it again. My mom is in the hospital and she's
supposed
to get checked out on thursday. But she well, she was in the hospital for two weeks and then she's been in a rehab hospital for two weeks. She had back surgery. And so we were supposed to drive down to Houston tomorrow morning.
And there.
Yeah. Then the they wanted us to, my wife and I have both come up individually because they can only have one visitor at a time because of Covid. So one of us is supposed to go to hospital to the rehab place on Tuesday and get trained on how to take care of her pic line in her back wound, and then the other was supposed to go Wednesday and then thursday we were supposed to bring her home, but she called this morning and she's having some problems and she may have to go back into surgery. So I have no idea when I'm going to be available or home, you know, or near a computer, so I have no idea. This may be the only one that I do
this problem.
Oh, I'm sure they probably would. Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's true.
So what else should we talk about? Mm? We have a few more minutes. So um
career,
career wise, what did you do for your career?
Are
Well, my wife did very similar work for, gosh, the last five or six years. Um so we live in uh the town we live in is actually kind of a resort area and so she works for, she does marketing for the result, resort rights, press releases, does creative content for
Teller, tv and radio spots, press releases, facebook, you know, social media
posts
and stuff
like
that.
Exactly, so that that's that's what she's done since we moved here about seven years ago.
mm. So I was a computer programmer, software guy for the longest time, that's what my career was.
I decided that that's what I wanted to do, I think I was probably about 10, 11 years old and I mean that's that's back before people had computers in their homes and stuff like that, it was really kind of early in the the PC era there, but I kind of fell in love with it, decided, you know, I feel really fortunate because You know from about the age of 10 or 11 I knew exactly what I wanted to do and a lot of people struggle with what do I want to do, I may not watch my kids go through the, I don't know what to do with my life, I don't, you know, I don't know what I want to do as a career and so I felt really fortunate, so I mean I was focused in high school because you know, we had good guidance counselors, I told him what I wanted to do and they told me exactly what kind of classes I should take, you know, in high school and um I was able to go to a good college right there in Houston and um got a really nice job And it was really productive career. I the last company I worked for, I was there about 15 years um they were a japanese company and took really good care of their employees, you know as far as benefits and retirement and things like that,
which
is why I was Able to retire at 50 because they took really good care of their people.
I have two kids, I have a 28 year old son and I have a 27 year old daughter there about 18 months apart, so
she's had her 27th and so right now there are one year apart and Yeah the 28 year old can't decide what he wants to do with his life and he's just kind of hosting and trying to decide
and it's so hard to relate to that because
from early on I knew exactly what I wanted to do and was laser focused on that he, you know, just doesn't want to go to school because well he's going now but didn't want to go to school for the longest time because he felt like he would be wasting, you know money just going in a circle not knowing what he wanted to study and didn't want to waste money studying something that he didn't want to make a career out of for sure. So I'm like I'm like him the daughter was very focused, got through college and like 3.5 years and is doing really well. Yeah.
What?
There you go.
So it sounds like sounds like we're very similar in being, you know, attracted to our, you know, life
weren't earlier.
Uh huh. Well,
I think
we made our crime.
That's quite all right.
My mother.
Thank
you.
All right. Thanks a bunch.
Thank you. You, too.
Have a great have a great day.
All right. All right. I'm gonna go ahead and close out.