we've got a connection
and I can hear you great.
Yeah I love it. Have you done this before?
Yeah it happens I think I was stood up. Uh two out of four. Yeah the first round had four, so two out of four times. Yeah.
One month, wow,
well that's great, I'm glad to hear that. Are you getting hit by this weather? I got a rainy day today so.
28.
press.
And we had like four days of gorgeous and then this came because of the hurricanes, they've kind of come inland, we're in Memphis so they've kind of swept getting the backlash now. So anyway
I'm
looking at the clock, it's a minute off so it's uh it's one minute swot. Yeah okay my computer have more to of course, but I think it's one at all, both of them, the one that hat off, so where
were
you?
on.
Yeah that's the main thing is so
Yeah. Home of Elvis.
Well
it's interesting you said that because I took a straw poll last year and for my birthday I wanted to go somewhere and I wanted to take a day trip, I mean a weekend and I asked a couple of people and they all kept saying the same thing and they said, well have you been to, I'm gonna forget the name of it. Uh um Sam Walton's hometown with that famous, like
one of the best museums in the country. I said, well I love art and they said it's quaint and good food and so I hopped in the car, packed my bag and drove up there myself for the weekend. I loved it, I'd go back and um, and I would recommend it to anybody. I can't think of the name of the uh, the town, but it was beautiful.
Yeah, I was in Bentonville. Nice.
That
was what I went. Yes, beautiful in that building is just gorgeous. So anyway, is that in your territory at all where you live or is that
well?
Well,
well
I know
it's very young
because
I did go through all that in a way. Um What's interesting too is probably twice in my childhood we would go to lake Washington. Mhm.
Have a summer vacation. And all relatives would like come in from Chicago and all over and meet on my uncle Nick's pontoon boat and their beer coolers and not care who I brought as a kid. And we would all go out and we call it the island and at our island like number 41 it was labeled Number 41 or whatever. And there there were a vacation every year and we loved it and the water was so clear and you know, we'll just leave us alone and they would party all night. We had a black.
young to retire. But I do see a very rustic home back there.
How beautiful.
So you realized you ma,
well not many people can say that.
That's
uh well my mom remarried when I was 13 And uh 59 now so I've been here you know virtually my whole life. This is my home. Yeah, this is my home. Yeah, I love it like
totally.
Well,
well that's a long
I
was
meeting.
Well that all you just had it fall into place. Not
many people who are doing a remote job back then, you know? Not not like now.
Yeah, I love it in fact as a site and um as a conductor of surveys and stuff I've done surveys just for like you said for the heck of it as a retiree for many years and when I stumbled on this it was like rated high and I said well there must be a reason. So the minute I jumped in and started seeing the academic intelligence quality and good paying I do Glommed onto it and when Austin other ever since I joined on June 25 and I love it. I love
it.
One
We're
the same kind of they were at the low level stuff and questions and I just when I saw the difference that these make even on a low paying one I'll just jump in and try and do it get some points but I think they're very sophisticated. Yeah they come around the world if you U. K. And then the colleges that they deal with. I thought well hell that was University of Berkeley you know I mean I just like yeah one mm.
Oh but she
can do different ones and you can
do different ones. One.
they
would that you hold him well that's kind of cool. I mean and I think they take good care of us. I mean ever. I mean they're kind of communication is awesome even when you mess up you know they just get right track they talk
past with questions I'm so impressed with the service they give you. Yeah so
we'll even get turned away and you'll get turned away or whatever
you mean a red rejection box Like you messed up messed up
Mitchell
won
like.
Oh I got one. Yeah that's it yeah me too. Um One thing that I found was, hang on I had, let's see what was it? Oh hell took me a long time to learn this one when it's like when you get the box saying that they haven't that your device isn't chosen mm
I'm just I'm just lost a fortune. Oh that matter still go down there and reserve and then they'll hold nine minutes for you to run and go find
your. Well I know that I thought I just kept excluding myself. Did you warn? Alright yeah you had nine minutes to chase it down and find it because it's just
so much
from
here. I didn't. Yeah no I did not. No I don't know how some people get in there when it's the red that says full they must be sitting on top of there computer you know still work that out. Some of them real quick. I don't know. So I try to have unavailable you know being retired you know I just have it handy and now that I've learned that I can carry around whichever one I want have
my little pan phone next to me. You know it's a little different. I don't know what my ratio is. I mean it's not been like come down from heaven but it's been good.
you don't pay my yard guy.
you're you're the yard diet. Okay Before
we lie and I was picking out a birthday present for my sister and I thought well I'll just use that extra money coming. So
that was
or
something once again after
that
they
yeah we'll help burning. Yeah.
Yeah that would be disappointing. Um like I said I had two rejections on the first go round for me. You could be in four and I had that's the first that's the first study no doubt and then I had two of the four not show but then it filled so I got all for so I got and it's time they must have like my times because I got mine yesterday field you're my second field and I'm just I'm rolling along to get my six and you know I was already paid for yesterday's it's already done. This is my account posted like late at night. There it is and oh crap you know and paper. Yeah so like I said they do you right man these people do you write and I anticipate you know doing all six that's for sure. I mean I could use the extra feature
And the price went up. They went from paying you $15 to 20.
And don't forget you know when you finish up and wrap this up. Don't forget to look for the note at the bottom of the, do you know where to look to say I want to sign up again.
Okay I don't overlook them otherwise they find a scrooge. Yeah I had to tell you about that because he he never done it at all.
I said
you're
going to see a letter and its lengthy but make sure you read it all because in boldface it says if you want to do it again, put in your time. So anyway
it's
like that's right. Same thing. Yeah.
I
don't
that's
way home.
Well
what I think is though sir I think we need to have an opportunity, they do it in weeks and then move it forward. So I have a feeling you'll see invitations for weeks ahead because even when I skipped and stuff, I thought, oh my God, Oh my God, I'm not gonna get invited. I'm not going to have it. No, it didn't work out that way. It just, there was just a little bit of a low and then I don't, and then I got, I don't think you need to worry about that. And one other thing, those people are so nice. If you know, there's a send in your thing for communications, I guarantee if you wrote them a personal note and said, can I be on a future one? I've got a personal health crisis with my mom. You know, is it possible to get sent a note when more openings happen in the future? I view they will leave you an open invitation at some point.
Nice enough to understand and you're not the only one, I'm sure not with Covid going wrong,
Just got, yeah,
I'm more we're going to the book. I mean,
I'm not boring, you know?
Um, I had a very good career um, for me, I always wanted to be a journalist and I went to a communication, are private college and majored in that, worked for the big paper in town for three years when I was out of school and in school and they wanted to send me to a bureau interestingly. And Arkansas, I'm like 21 is like, you ain't sending me to any war world when I've worked for you in the big city and you've been with me for three years. So I quit. You can do those things when you're 21. And I went on the radio and
I wrote was for three years for the top station, had the time of my life learned production. All I did was just playing imagination all day long. And so, um, I met my future business partner there who was like my boss in production. So we had the fun event where we went down to the boss man and we told one day, hey sales team, they're making money selling our commercials to other people and they get the sales And we used to make the same $6 an hour, We want to flat fee for doing these commercials like $40. He said no. So we said screw you, we quit creative team, we quit, opened our ad agency that was in there for 20 years. He left me, I was scared to death. I couldn't do it by myself. I did retired at 50. That's my story. And I said, so I had had a very, very nice career. I mean, God gave me exactly what I wanted. Good people. Um, I did get ill when I was young, but you know, being retired young isn't such a bad thing. Gave me other opportunities. So that's not worry.
I
I'm
good
for
or
even all that stuff. Huh?
Worked with graphic artists, you know, all that stuff. That's really cool. That's very much, I mean, I did all of that stuff. Yeah, I did tv commercials, loved it. You know, all that officer and they get paid nicely for doing what you love is just a piece of cake. Um, and then for a long time I did have the fun of being and with a partner. So I felt very lucky. But yeah, God gave me a lot more than I wanted. So
because the match,
Well,
obviously,
you landed out good there then, you know, you know what you like to do, You know, I think that's funny what you said about your kids and nowadays how they're just, they're kind of lost. You know, they're kind of lost,
Well,
well,
well,
The word thing. Um, yeah, I mean, I worked for A tiny town newspaper when I was 15. My mom got me a job. I mean that's how much I wanted to journalism and okay, we're writing
when I was a kid and my fifth grade teacher said I had a total ability and showed off my work on the board and
it started very young for me actually my uh get, get the words and so forth. Um I don't know how and what, but it did, I remember them coming to one of those home room parents collectives, whatever, the public africa. Where were you show off your work And you know, he was showing off my papers that I wrote in class and I was in fifth grade. All
That,
that, well, I know that's why when you said that and knowing that, um, that that's how I felt too. And not only felt it was evident, you know, I'd keep journals and then my mom encouraged it by sending me to a little small town paper and in town to do after school work. And all those ladies that ran it. And they were so nice to me, But I was working for. Mm hmm.
Well,
I guess we hung in there. Huh?
Moving the table. Excuse me.
I have enjoyed it so much. We've had so much in common. And I hope your, is that your mother and mother in law?
Your mother, I hope should not improves. And
I
do what you want to do and come back. I'm prolific. Yeah. Well,
there's some good things. Thank you. And listen. God bless!
Thanks.
I'll try and I'll try not to pull this off. I really messed up yesterday. I'll find the link. Oh, boy. I didn't I don't know what you're supposed to do. So I'm not going to give you advice because I did it wrong yesterday.
Why?