SPEAKER_R: Hello? Hi. Sorry, let me close my blinds so there's not some weird lines on my face. Hi, what's your name? Oh wait, I can't hear you for some reason. Mhm No, I still can't hear you. Can you hear me okay? Okay, um miss if it's just a problem with my audio. No, I think my audio is working, it might be something on your end. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Um uh you never see is the button in the top right corner click there's like a little audio speaker thing. Okay. Um yeah, I'm not sure. Mhm Yeah, let me see if I can. Mhm Yeah, you know mm two, I still can't hear you. You see if headphones will work always. Mm hmm sure. Can't see or hear you now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: wait, okay, here we go.
SPEAKER_L: Be perfect. I think it was somehow connecting to my headset and I'm really sorry about that.
SPEAKER_R: you're okay, let's get this too.
SPEAKER_L: So what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Brianna. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Very nice to meet you over even
SPEAKER_R: they sent you um
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: tell me a little bit about yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. I live in Cleveland. Ohio. Just moved here a month ago. Um, and I work from home, so that's really fun. I've been
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: just home for quite some time now, but I do software sales and I've originally grew up in California and I went around a little bit but recently settled in Cleveland.
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool. I actually, in California right now, I'm a student. Uh well you see santa barbara,
SPEAKER_L: Never recoup.
SPEAKER_R: but if you ask my last year of college, so
SPEAKER_L: So are you on campus right now or how does that work with coated and all
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: the fun stuff.
SPEAKER_R: I live in an apartment off campus, like in the college town. Um So I can, I can, that's where I'm at right now. Um I don't think any of the dorms are open, they might start opening them for the next quarter because we're on a quarter system, but for now
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What are you saying?
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to double major in psychology and biological anthropology.
SPEAKER_L: Who interesting. I said business. Um, chapman city, which is in Orange County and so I put in place is there, what was that
SPEAKER_R: I have a cousin that goes to chapman.
SPEAKER_L: Uncle? Yeah, I enjoyed it down there when I was there, but I studied business and then minored in education.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, look, can you do anything with education now?
SPEAKER_L: I don't, when I studied it, it was more not more education and non profits like outside of school. So I was going to do maybe nonprofit work and focus on that. So I've been trying to volunteer lately and trying to get into that. But nothing completely in education.
SPEAKER_R: It's really cool. Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: Are you from California originally or you just go to school? And I remember.
SPEAKER_R: so my family moved around a lot. I was actually born in michigan and I lived there for like 11 years and then moved to texas, and we stayed there for like five years and then became California and that was a
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: junior year of high school and I've stayed since,
SPEAKER_L: got it. And they're still in California too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah they live up in sacramento. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Which which would you say is your favorite place you've
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: lived in?
SPEAKER_R: definitely here I'd say I like California but sacramento's a little boring so I like what my age and having things to do.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I'd say santa bar was pretty fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is on cost of living is high but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's kind of why I'm out. I didn't go back to California and I just can't afford living there, which I'm sure a lot of people younger would say the same because it's tough.
SPEAKER_R: I'm thinking after college I'll probably move out of California just for the cost.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I never really thought of, I guess when you're from California it seems that everybody just wants to stay because it's so nice and warm and that's kind of all you know but I ended up going abroad to Amsterdam, my junior kind of when I came back from that I felt like I was stuck in a bubble, so I was looking for jobs outside and I knew I had to get out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes sense. I really wanted to study abroad but I had some things fall through and then I was going to maybe go this year but then the thing happened so working
SPEAKER_L: It's tough because I I did in my junior year and that's why I wasn't able to double major and I had to drop to the minor because I wanted to go abroad.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So do you live with roommates or by yourself? Hartley.
SPEAKER_R: I have a roommate and I have two housemates right now roommates back home for thanksgiving, so I'll actually be going back home today. But um I have a couple of housemates to Mhm
SPEAKER_L: That's fun. And then are you I guess now classes are online, are they in person?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they're like entirely online, so I think we're making a move next quarter to have like some of the really small classes be in person, like a hybrid thing, but for the majority, it's all going to be online
SPEAKER_L: Do you prefer the in person better or or does not matter
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: to you?
SPEAKER_R: in person. I have such
SPEAKER_L: You are.
SPEAKER_R: time, like keeping to deadlines and like going to class, remembering that I have all these things when it's online, I do like being able to have class in my bed, but at this time I need that motivation to like go out and do things. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think I tried an online class a couple times because I had to catch up on some credits or what not and if you don't keep track of it, well, you
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: can just forget about it and miss so many things.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so hopefully by the end of the year will be going back to in person, there's a chance that will happen for spring, but we're not sure. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How have you been dealing with covid overall and the crazy change?
SPEAKER_R: it has been a lot, it's definitely been really, really stressful because I've had like classes. I didn't have a job then uh that ended because of Covid and she had to go like long story short, I'm not I don't have that job anymore, I'm also in an acapella group and so I'm on the board of that. So we had to figure out how we should run this entirely online because you can't really like sing over zoom. It's weird. So we had to restructure our whole group, so it's been a lot, a lot of changes, but I think I thought things would get easier and they haven't really gotten easier, still kind of like the same thing over and over again, but hopefully it'll end soon, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like it's been a, not a blessing, but also just tough at the same time where you can realize that there's you cherish seeing people that you haven't seen in a while and grateful for those times because they're so rare now. But also, I mean, I'm lucky to have kept my job throughout at all. But they're obviously there's times where we are concerned of potentially losing that and not having a job and especially with gnome aid, much from the government. It's just I feel for everybody who's been effective in any way.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was lucky and that I didn't need a job because my family sold financially supports me. Yeah, I had also lost his job and so that's getting a little crazy, but he's got one now again, so things are more stable. But yeah a lot of people have, it's been super tumultuous, especially with the financial situation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And my my brother back and day in March, which feels like a long time ago, but also feels like yesterday um he had I guess a covid scare early on in his office and decided for some reason he was sick of his job at the same time in quit and I knew that was not a good idea to begin with and so he's still down without a job, but he's at home, so I think that helps a lot, but still, that's interesting that you decided to go, yes,
SPEAKER_R: I mean I can understand especially from like a mental health standpoint, but
SPEAKER_L: we'll do
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: scared to quit my job if I had one you know stuff
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What are you doing for I guess mental health type things to keep yourself healthy and insane.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I see a therapist like every week or every other week which has been super super helpful um in terms of like one of the, one of the most important things for me is seeing people. I mean you obviously can't do that. So I have a boyfriend, so we have like this this thing set up because he lives somewhere else and that he has two roommates and everyone's allowed like one person that they get to see. And so for him that's me. Sometimes I go over there and we have our own little mini quarantine bubble, which has been really nice for me because I don't really know any of the people that I live with. So it's nice to still be able to like basically see people that I know, but what about you?
SPEAKER_L: How long? Um I haven't really been seeing anybody obviously working from home still, so my boyfriend um does go into the office, so he works downtown in Cleveland and so he gets to see people, but he has his own kind of office, so it's kind of separated from everybody else and it's not mandatory. So he knew that he liked the office setting and like that helped him work better, similar lead to help people like in person classes, but not so he gets to see people and of course I'm new to the town I moved from Portland Oregon last.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: And so really I've only spoken with him and sometimes his parents when we do get together, so they're actually going to come over for thanksgiving on thursday, so we'll have
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: our first hosting of people, so we have to do a bunch of cleaning and cooking and all that stuff, but it's just gonna be the six of us, so that'll be nice.
SPEAKER_R: Do you guys love to travel?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So yeah, my boyfriend lives, we lived together in a house here. We purchased it in august and we actually did long distance for like three years, so
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: we decided it was time to be done with that and uh finally moved in together and it just kind of worked out in this year knowing that I was able to go remote with work and find the place that we like that It was a four bolts that we're paying less than what we would pay for rent, which is great. So
SPEAKER_R: that's really awesome. Just
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: lining to everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so as much as I hate 2020, I also love it at the same time because it had such good things that happened to it in it, but it's also kind of tough because everybody is dealing with them stuff right now too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it makes sense. Yeah. I haven't actually heard many people who have good things happen to them in 2020. It's very very rare that you hear that. No.
SPEAKER_L: I think some people are afraid to share because it's kind of a weird time to celebrate like if you do get a job promotion or do get something good that happens to you. Like of course buying house was great for us. But I know that a lot of people at the same time or losing houses, so it's something that I feel privileged and feel grateful for at the same time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's really hard to celebrate that when you know other people are celebrating. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What else?
SPEAKER_R: Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, not at this time. So when I was moving actually, my dog passed while we are doing the road trips, that was quite unfortunate.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: So we're yeah, I think you were waiting I think until the spring to get through the winter and then we'll probably adopt a dog then.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's nice. That's
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Do you have any pets or your parents at home?
SPEAKER_R: no I've never had a pet. My parents have been very staunchly anti pet. There's one time in elementary school I brought home like a little snail because you know they have like those fish tanks, you know they'll have like fish snails, hermit crabs. I brought home the snail cause it's like okay, I'm not gonna be able to keep a fish, I'm not gonna able to keep a crab, but maybe I can keep the snail. And my mom's like no, you have to get rid of it, give it to your friend and the thing like died in two days. So I didn't even matt was like you can't keep this. So mm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my sister always brought home, so I'm an older sister, younger brother and she was always the one that brought home pets. So at some point she brought home a cat even though we're all allergic to cats and that didn't work out. So we had some, I don't know what she who which friend she gave that one too. But then she next anything she brought home a german uh shepherd. We had her for a while and then latest one which has been years and years ago, but she brought home a chihuahua. So that's their current at at home was swallowed dog.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've always wanted a pet. I have friends who have pets. So hard to be content with that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's hard. I I tried to adopt a dog in college and it obviously didn't work because it's it takes up a lot of your time and responsibility. So I think that was one lesson that I learned back in the day. It was don't try to do that.
SPEAKER_R: I like what I want to pet. I would never get one in college because I can hardly take care of myself like enough living being. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and that's why I like my dog, his name is Oscar but he got me out of bed in the morning very not very early but like at a reasonable time we had to go on walks all the time. So it was really nice but I don't I didn't really have to think of just myself. I think somebody else is kind of nice taking care of him in that sense. But then now in a new place where you know the house isn't situated yet, we still do a ton of cleaning and stuff to do with it. It's kind of nice. Finally not having that responsibility.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you. Imagine. Yeah. What else? Mhm. You said you had siblings? How many siblings do you have?
SPEAKER_L: Um older sister and younger brothers or two.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'll be younger.
SPEAKER_L: What about enough? What was
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: have a younger sister.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. How close in age are you both?
SPEAKER_R: She used four years younger than me. So yeah I'll be leaving cold.
SPEAKER_L: She was in height. Is she graduating high school in around there?
SPEAKER_R: so I'll be leaving college and she'll be joining college. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Do you know where she wants to go or is that have been discussed at
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: all?
SPEAKER_R: has been doing stuff like with my parents. I just because I'm not there, I don't really know what she's doing but he's started the application process. I think she's turning she's actually might have turned a few in but I think originally she wanted to do something aren't related because she's super into that you want to do graphic design. But a lot of those colleges are private and my parents really have the money especially having to pay for my college and which that's super expensive. So she's trying to do something I think biology related.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cool. Yeah, I went to private school obviously in that, I don't know how I convinced my parents to do that, but I don't know if that was the best decision for us because I'm still paying off loans and whatnot, but I think it was ultimately worth it, but tough. I don't know if I would let my kids go through school and
SPEAKER_R: What a money. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I only I only applied to public schools and I think with one private school, but that was in like an off chance in case. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not sure what I was thinking, but it was more along the lines of looking for a smaller campus and a smaller class size I think. So I really like the tightening feel of a smaller school and I had friends who went to, um, some larger couple of state schools as well. And I think I was just overwhelmed with all of it. So I went the smaller round.
SPEAKER_R: the small school format is really, really nice. Um and it was kind of different, but the first high school that I went to in texas was super huge, like you didn't everyone in your grade, it was super competitive. And then when I moved to California, part of the reason we moved is to join a specific, really specific private school because we had in the area who also went to that and that there was like 20 people in my class, like 30 people like really small. I do everyone a lot of them have gone to the school since like kindergarten or first grade. So yes,
SPEAKER_L: is that joining them after? Everybody knew each other.
SPEAKER_R: it was a little odd, but my group of friends, so it ended up being ok, but a lot of them knew each other from before and so there'd be times they like talk about things from before, I was like, oh, I don't know what this is, but it all worked out in the end, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We had one friend in high school that our, I think it was our middle schools, we all grew up with elementary middle school the same and then a ton of other kids joined in for our high school. So we have one friend that uh became a really good friend of ours that ended up coming from a private school to our public school and everybody forgets that he didn't grow up with us. So they do the same thing when we're talking about the jokes and it just happened like two weeks ago where my friends were talking about it online and said they forgot Jason didn't go to like elementary school with us and so they still forget to the state. But it's funny.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I unfortunately don't talk to a lot of my high school friends as much because we kind of drifted apart, but I have a really nice solid friends of a friend. I have a really nice solid friend group here in college.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like my college friends were more, maybe it's just because you're an adult and you're not forced together all the time because of just high school. But I think I'm a lot closer with my college friends but still I am connected with my high school friends since most of them are still at home, there's only a couple of people who have left, which so I try to stay in touch.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I had a lot of friends who went to different states. Um My ex boyfriend is part of the group. He went to like go join the naval academy. I had some colorado um people who are a lot of people went to the East Coast, oddly enough, but we're
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: all scattered around, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Again for my experiences all everybody kind of stayed in the same area which I kind of was in the same area and I would never have been ready to leave the state
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: at 17. Um So I'm kind of glad I did but of course then taking that leap after has been super helpful. But yeah, everybody is still at home in in L. A. And enjoying it which is I'm glad for them but I just couldn't make it happen
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No. Okay, what else? Mhm. What are some of your hobbies?
SPEAKER_L: hobbies. So I recently got into candle making
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: so I'm gonna, I feel like I've always been kind of artsy and kind of creative but not to the fullest extent I think. So I'm always trying to do something with my hands. So recently it's been making candles and I think I do want to eventually sell them um and kind of get into that natural home ham goods and skincare type things. So we'll see how that goes. And then of course, um I heard you mentioned seeing before, I also grew up in doing music and Inquire and whatnot. So I haven't done that
SPEAKER_R: this part
SPEAKER_L: while.
SPEAKER_R: where you
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, what was that?
SPEAKER_R: well, what voice part were you
SPEAKER_L: So in high school, so I actually started in music like
SPEAKER_R: and?
SPEAKER_L: in piano and orchestra and in your high school I got kind of fed up with all of that and um Front was friends with acquired teachers, mom or sorry, fire teacher's daughter. And so I convinced her to let me into show choir and she put me in Soprano one and then when I sang in college I sang in also to some completely different
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, that is,
SPEAKER_L: ratings there, but I think I'm more of an auto.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've kind of had a similar thing, I've saying everywhere from soprano one to like tenor because I've been seeing all my life and I just kind of go into different places wherever they need me, but right now I'm like an alto,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, very cool. So you, did you grow up just naturally singing or did you take voice lessons or what did that look like?
SPEAKER_R: um I kind of just always saying like even as a kid, I have home videos and the like strumming my fake guitar saying um I only took lessons I guess once I got to middle school I joined choir, so they don't really have, they had like music lessons in elementary school, but it's like an all around music thing. So I choir choir in middle school and then I've been doing choir like an acapella group or something ever since then.
SPEAKER_L: very cool. Do you guys compete at all or what does that look like for?
SPEAKER_R: So my doesn't
SPEAKER_L: You're Right,
SPEAKER_R: compete, we just do concerts, but right because we can't have concerts were posted online and doing a lot of like short, shorter songs and stuff like that. So,
SPEAKER_L: So with the ones that you do together online, is it somebody will start in, you have to kind of build off of it
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: and sing your part or do you just like throw it all together?
SPEAKER_R: we actually recorded beforehand, so we'll learn our parts on our own or like in our little sections and then we'll record it and then we have someone put together the audio and someone put together the video and then we post that, this one,
SPEAKER_L: cool. That'd be awesome. See um so what is your role, you said you're on the board of that? So what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm the music director. So when we had rehearsals, I would lead rehearsals, I would be the one giving notes. I'd be like listening in really closely heading all of the songs. Now. It's a little different. I still do a lot of the music stuff so people have questions will come to me. I work so we arrange all our own music. So everyone if do their songs, they can make us long. So I worked with the rangers and I help them with that. Um, I give people individual feedback on the recordings that they send in, so it's still a lot of music stuff that is just fine instead of in person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you the only group at the school or it's usually sandbar? Right. Are you the only group or their multiple groups
SPEAKER_R: Third
SPEAKER_L: that do
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: up to
SPEAKER_R: multiple groups. There's, I think that now there's three code groups. One just started, I don't know if they're still doing stuff because they started right before Covid hit being
SPEAKER_L: address?
SPEAKER_R: a break, but there's another one that's been there for a while. They are the only group on campus that actually competes. Uh And then we have an all male and all female group. And then like in indian society, like group that just kind of, they're more of a cultural group.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I always want to do acapella and at my school, but they were way too cool and way too good. So I didn't even, I don't know, I don't like, I don't like auditioning and I don't like, I just, I can sing in a choir. I just don't want to sing by myself to do an audition or anything like that. So I never did it, so I always admired them when they did their performances and we had one group, I think we three groups total, Um one went to compete and then they had a male and female group. So that was always fun to see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Acapella is really fun. I wasn't sure when I came to college if I wanted to do acapella or they have a choir here. So I was like, I do require, but I think I was like I want to do something not classical and so I decided to acapella. It's been really, really fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that's my hardest which is I grew up doing classical piano. So it's, I feel like I've always been in that mindset if that's how music should be trying to do your own thing when it's not fully classical is been in I guess struggle in my music journey overall. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I also had a classical piano background because you know kid, I have to do some sort of news.
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: So I did piano all through elementary school and then I stopped that but I still just continue singing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Did your sister do any singing after you or did she
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: go music crowd at all?
SPEAKER_R: she didn't do any singing. She also did piano in elementary school, but she's definitely more like the visual artsy type, a lot of like drawings, digital art, like painting and all of that right now. She's actually doing like a senior project where she has giant canvas and she's doing a self portrait and I don't know how, it's really, really good, she's only started so
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. I wish I could do that. I was convinced to do piano. So my sister did piano first of course and I was convinced I was an art class. I think I was at like four years old and after I was painting like a horse or something, it was very basic art class. And after the class, I remember my mom convincing me, we're asking me if I wanted to join my PM and insisted and I feel like I had no choice the way they asked me of course because they were going to do it anyway. So that was my little arts and I wish that was something I continued but it didn't really really have a choice. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my sister was really lucky, she got to do both the music and the art. I think my parents know that she wasn't as much of a music types, so they let her take art lessons and she did art, so she got to develop that and I just chose the music instead.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's interesting because my parents put my sister in dance at the same time kind of and they decided I was too tomboy to do dance which now looking back, I would have loved doing that. But I just I don't know how they have decided that
SPEAKER_R: I had the opposite, I was definitely the tomboy and I've done swimming lessons and that was kind of like support and I really wanted to do martial arts because I would always, we did like we went to a swimming lessons and like this one big athletic thing, everyone had took classes there and when you enter you would always see the martial artist. So I always wanted to do that and I finally convinced them to let me switch over in sixth grade so I didn't swimming all until then, and then they finally let me do that, but they also really wanted me to do dance. So I took a year of classical dance and I was like, this isn't for me, so the martial arts until the end of high school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel conflicted because obviously I want my kids to do a lot of fun things and be good at what they do, but I don't want them to constantly switch if they get tired, like in a month or whatever it is, so there's obviously going to be some fine line of you're going to continue for a while now and then you can decide later or whatever that might be, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my parents were definitely worried about that there. I was like, you're gonna you're gonna switch so soon they got that after I just did one year of dancer, like you wanted to do dance and now you, you quit and I was like, well this isn't the dance I wanted to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How do you think your parents, I guess the upbringing of always doing something or being in something is affected you or made you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I definitely feel like I have to like go, go, go and do something or my life has no meaning, which isn't, but I feel like I have to be a part of a lot of things and doing a lot of things and that's kind of what I feel more relaxed oddly enough is when I have to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I would agree with that in the sense that I always like, I have to be doing something and have to be involved, which is good because it's getting me into the community and whatnot, but obviously after college it changes a little bit of what that involvement looks like. Um but I think I got a little bit easier than my sister did because she, they were a little bit harsher on her and it didn't really work, so they were kind of a little bit more easy going with me. And I think that worked really well obviously because now, you know, able to do my own thing, was able to go to school and get a job and whatnot, which is what they wanted, but I think they just pushed. My sister looks north.
SPEAKER_R: I got to be the guinea pig to, and I think it was, it was kind of the same thing, like they were a little harder on me and then nicer on my sister, so it didn't mean it ended up okay, like I'm doing fine and she's fine, So, but it's always odd. The older child is always the guinea pig,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it makes sense because they don't know what parenting is before that, but um yeah, do you get to, do you talk to them often? Like do you have a good relationship with them?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I used to have a more strained relationship and then we sat down and had a conversation, I was like, I want you to treat me like an adult, and they were like, yeah, we should probably do that. And then we have a conversation about how my upbringing and how that worked. And so now we have a much better relationship, like every week, and I look forward to that. Whereas before it would be like a chore now, it's really so
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. When did that change? Like
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: I guess. How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: It was 21, so was it was probably like in the springtime maybe, I think was when that happened spring or summer. Somewhere around there.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Well that's awesome. I'm glad you have a good relationship with them. That sounds great that you're get to chat with them and you're excited to do that.
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I feel a little bit disconnected to them in the sense that, as I mentioned, I'm not there and everybody else is still at home in terms of my family and will never leave. So I feel like because I've left that I just don't relate as much anymore. So I still try to connect with them and like I'll text my mom every day, but it's just different because we, they'll send photos of food, which is great. But they're always doing things without not without me and I don't, I don't mind that at all, but it's just I feel like we're on different life paths. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think we've hit our or 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds good. It was great chatting with you and I hope you have a good rest of your quarter
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. I hope you have a great rest of your here.
SPEAKER_L: already. Thanks talk to you soon, I guess not actually.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: My All right,
SPEAKER_R: But