Thanks.
Be perfect. I think it was somehow connecting to my headset and I'm really sorry about that.
So what's your name?
Very nice to meet you over even
so.
Sure. I live in Cleveland. Ohio. Just moved here a month ago. Um, and I work from home, so that's really fun. I've been
just home for quite some time now, but I do software sales and I've originally grew up in California and I went around a little bit but recently settled in Cleveland.
Never recoup.
So are you on campus right now or how does that work with coated and all
the fun stuff.
Mhm. What are you saying?
Who interesting. I said business. Um, chapman city, which is in Orange County and so I put in place is there, what was that
Uncle? Yeah, I enjoyed it down there when I was there, but I studied business and then minored in education.
I don't, when I studied it, it was more not more education and non profits like outside of school. So I was going to do maybe nonprofit work and focus on that. So I've been trying to volunteer lately and trying to get into that. But nothing completely in education.
Are you from California originally or you just go to school? And I remember.
No,
got it. And they're still in California too.
Which which would you say is your favorite place you've
lived in?
Mhm. I'd say santa bar was pretty fun.
That's kind of why I'm out. I didn't go back to California and I just can't afford living there, which I'm sure a lot of people younger would say the same because it's tough.
Yeah. I never really thought of, I guess when you're from California it seems that everybody just wants to stay because it's so nice and warm and that's kind of all you know but I ended up going abroad to Amsterdam, my junior kind of when I came back from that I felt like I was stuck in a bubble, so I was looking for jobs outside and I knew I had to get out.
It's tough because I I did in my junior year and that's why I wasn't able to double major and I had to drop to the minor because I wanted to go abroad.
So do you live with roommates or by yourself? Hartley.
That's fun. And then are you I guess now classes are online, are they in person?
Do you prefer the in person better or or does not matter
to you?
You are.
Yeah, I think I tried an online class a couple times because I had to catch up on some credits or what not and if you don't keep track of it, well, you
can just forget about it and miss so many things.
Yeah. How have you been dealing with covid overall and the crazy change?
Yeah. I feel like it's been a, not a blessing, but also just tough at the same time where you can realize that there's you cherish seeing people that you haven't seen in a while and grateful for those times because they're so rare now. But also, I mean, I'm lucky to have kept my job throughout at all. But they're obviously there's times where we are concerned of potentially losing that and not having a job and especially with gnome aid, much from the government. It's just I feel for everybody who's been effective in any way.
Yeah. And my my brother back and day in March, which feels like a long time ago, but also feels like yesterday um he had I guess a covid scare early on in his office and decided for some reason he was sick of his job at the same time in quit and I knew that was not a good idea to begin with and so he's still down without a job, but he's at home, so I think that helps a lot, but still, that's interesting that you decided to go, yes,
we'll do
it.
Yeah. What are you doing for I guess mental health type things to keep yourself healthy and insane.
How long? Um I haven't really been seeing anybody obviously working from home still, so my boyfriend um does go into the office, so he works downtown in Cleveland and so he gets to see people, but he has his own kind of office, so it's kind of separated from everybody else and it's not mandatory. So he knew that he liked the office setting and like that helped him work better, similar lead to help people like in person classes, but not so he gets to see people and of course I'm new to the town I moved from Portland Oregon last.
And so really I've only spoken with him and sometimes his parents when we do get together, so they're actually going to come over for thanksgiving on thursday, so we'll have
our first hosting of people, so we have to do a bunch of cleaning and cooking and all that stuff, but it's just gonna be the six of us, so that'll be nice.
Yeah. So yeah, my boyfriend lives, we lived together in a house here. We purchased it in august and we actually did long distance for like three years, so
we decided it was time to be done with that and uh finally moved in together and it just kind of worked out in this year knowing that I was able to go remote with work and find the place that we like that It was a four bolts that we're paying less than what we would pay for rent, which is great. So
So
Yeah, so as much as I hate 2020, I also love it at the same time because it had such good things that happened to it in it, but it's also kind of tough because everybody is dealing with them stuff right now too.
I think some people are afraid to share because it's kind of a weird time to celebrate like if you do get a job promotion or do get something good that happens to you. Like of course buying house was great for us. But I know that a lot of people at the same time or losing houses, so it's something that I feel privileged and feel grateful for at the same time.
What else?
I don't know, not at this time. So when I was moving actually, my dog passed while we are doing the road trips, that was quite unfortunate.
So we're yeah, I think you were waiting I think until the spring to get through the winter and then we'll probably adopt a dog then.
Yes. Do you have any pets or your parents at home?
Oh my sister always brought home, so I'm an older sister, younger brother and she was always the one that brought home pets. So at some point she brought home a cat even though we're all allergic to cats and that didn't work out. So we had some, I don't know what she who which friend she gave that one too. But then she next anything she brought home a german uh shepherd. We had her for a while and then latest one which has been years and years ago, but she brought home a chihuahua. So that's their current at at home was swallowed dog.
Yeah. I think it's hard. I I tried to adopt a dog in college and it obviously didn't work because it's it takes up a lot of your time and responsibility. So I think that was one lesson that I learned back in the day. It was don't try to do that.
Yeah and that's why I like my dog, his name is Oscar but he got me out of bed in the morning very not very early but like at a reasonable time we had to go on walks all the time. So it was really nice but I don't I didn't really have to think of just myself. I think somebody else is kind of nice taking care of him in that sense. But then now in a new place where you know the house isn't situated yet, we still do a ton of cleaning and stuff to do with it. It's kind of nice. Finally not having that responsibility.
Um older sister and younger brothers or two.
What about enough? What was
that?
Okay. How close in age are you both?
She was in height. Is she graduating high school in around there?
Do you know where she wants to go or is that have been discussed at
all?
Okay. Cool. Yeah, I went to private school obviously in that, I don't know how I convinced my parents to do that, but I don't know if that was the best decision for us because I'm still paying off loans and whatnot, but I think it was ultimately worth it, but tough. I don't know if I would let my kids go through school and
for sure.
Yeah, I'm not sure what I was thinking, but it was more along the lines of looking for a smaller campus and a smaller class size I think. So I really like the tightening feel of a smaller school and I had friends who went to, um, some larger couple of state schools as well. And I think I was just overwhelmed with all of it. So I went the smaller round.
is that joining them after? Everybody knew each other.
Yeah. We had one friend in high school that our, I think it was our middle schools, we all grew up with elementary middle school the same and then a ton of other kids joined in for our high school. So we have one friend that uh became a really good friend of ours that ended up coming from a private school to our public school and everybody forgets that he didn't grow up with us. So they do the same thing when we're talking about the jokes and it just happened like two weeks ago where my friends were talking about it online and said they forgot Jason didn't go to like elementary school with us and so they still forget to the state. But it's funny.
Yeah. I feel like my college friends were more, maybe it's just because you're an adult and you're not forced together all the time because of just high school. But I think I'm a lot closer with my college friends but still I am connected with my high school friends since most of them are still at home, there's only a couple of people who have left, which so I try to stay in touch.
interesting.
Yeah. Again for my experiences all everybody kind of stayed in the same area which I kind of was in the same area and I would never have been ready to leave the state
at 17. Um So I'm kind of glad I did but of course then taking that leap after has been super helpful. But yeah, everybody is still at home in in L. A. And enjoying it which is I'm glad for them but I just couldn't make it happen
hobbies. So I recently got into candle making
so I'm gonna, I feel like I've always been kind of artsy and kind of creative but not to the fullest extent I think. So I'm always trying to do something with my hands. So recently it's been making candles and I think I do want to eventually sell them um and kind of get into that natural home ham goods and skincare type things. So we'll see how that goes. And then of course, um I heard you mentioned seeing before, I also grew up in doing music and Inquire and whatnot. So I haven't done that
while.
Sorry, what was that?
So in high school, so I actually started in music like
in piano and orchestra and in your high school I got kind of fed up with all of that and um Front was friends with acquired teachers, mom or sorry, fire teacher's daughter. And so I convinced her to let me into show choir and she put me in Soprano one and then when I sang in college I sang in also to some completely different
ratings there, but I think I'm more of an auto.
Yeah, very cool. So you, did you grow up just naturally singing or did you take voice lessons or what did that look like?
very cool. Do you guys compete at all or what does that look like for?
You're Right,
So with the ones that you do together online, is it somebody will start in, you have to kind of build off of it
and sing your part or do you just like throw it all together?
cool. That'd be awesome. See um so what is your role, you said you're on the board of that? So what do you do?
Yeah. Are you the only group at the school or it's usually sandbar? Right. Are you the only group or their multiple groups
that do
up to
address?
Yeah, I always want to do acapella and at my school, but they were way too cool and way too good. So I didn't even, I don't know, I don't like, I don't like auditioning and I don't like, I just, I can sing in a choir. I just don't want to sing by myself to do an audition or anything like that. So I never did it, so I always admired them when they did their performances and we had one group, I think we three groups total, Um one went to compete and then they had a male and female group. So that was always fun to see.
Yeah, I think that's my hardest which is I grew up doing classical piano. So it's, I feel like I've always been in that mindset if that's how music should be trying to do your own thing when it's not fully classical is been in I guess struggle in my music journey overall. But
of course.
Did your sister do any singing after you or did she
go music crowd at all?
That's awesome. I wish I could do that. I was convinced to do piano. So my sister did piano first of course and I was convinced I was an art class. I think I was at like four years old and after I was painting like a horse or something, it was very basic art class. And after the class, I remember my mom convincing me, we're asking me if I wanted to join my PM and insisted and I feel like I had no choice the way they asked me of course because they were going to do it anyway. So that was my little arts and I wish that was something I continued but it didn't really really have a choice. So
Yeah. That's interesting because my parents put my sister in dance at the same time kind of and they decided I was too tomboy to do dance which now looking back, I would have loved doing that. But I just I don't know how they have decided that
Yeah. I feel conflicted because obviously I want my kids to do a lot of fun things and be good at what they do, but I don't want them to constantly switch if they get tired, like in a month or whatever it is, so there's obviously going to be some fine line of you're going to continue for a while now and then you can decide later or whatever that might be, but
Yeah. How do you think your parents, I guess the upbringing of always doing something or being in something is affected you or made you?
Yeah, I would agree with that in the sense that I always like, I have to be doing something and have to be involved, which is good because it's getting me into the community and whatnot, but obviously after college it changes a little bit of what that involvement looks like. Um but I think I got a little bit easier than my sister did because she, they were a little bit harsher on her and it didn't really work, so they were kind of a little bit more easy going with me. And I think that worked really well obviously because now, you know, able to do my own thing, was able to go to school and get a job and whatnot, which is what they wanted, but I think they just pushed. My sister looks north.
Yeah, I mean it makes sense because they don't know what parenting is before that, but um yeah, do you get to, do you talk to them often? Like do you have a good relationship with them?
That's awesome. When did that change? Like
I guess. How old are you?
Mhm. Well that's awesome. I'm glad you have a good relationship with them. That sounds great that you're get to chat with them and you're excited to do that.
I feel a little bit disconnected to them in the sense that, as I mentioned, I'm not there and everybody else is still at home in terms of my family and will never leave. So I feel like because I've left that I just don't relate as much anymore. So I still try to connect with them and like I'll text my mom every day, but it's just different because we, they'll send photos of food, which is great. But they're always doing things without not without me and I don't, I don't mind that at all, but it's just I feel like we're on different life paths. Yeah.
Sounds good. It was great chatting with you and I hope you have a good rest of your quarter
already. Thanks talk to you soon, I guess not actually.
My All right,