Hello? Hi. Sorry, let me close my blinds so there's not some weird lines on my face. Hi, what's your name? Oh wait, I can't hear you for some reason. Mhm No, I still can't hear you. Can you hear me okay? Okay, um miss if it's just a problem with my audio. No, I think my audio is working, it might be something on your end. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Um uh you never see is the button in the top right corner click there's like a little audio speaker thing. Okay. Um yeah, I'm not sure. Mhm Yeah, let me see if I can. Mhm Yeah, you know mm two, I still can't hear you. You see if headphones will work always. Mm hmm sure. Can't see or hear you now. Yeah,
wait, okay, here we go.
you're okay, let's get this too.
I'm Brianna. Yeah,
they sent you um
tell me a little bit about yourself.
Or
that's really cool. I actually, in California right now, I'm a student. Uh well you see santa barbara,
but if you ask my last year of college, so
so
I live in an apartment off campus, like in the college town. Um So I can, I can, that's where I'm at right now. Um I don't think any of the dorms are open, they might start opening them for the next quarter because we're on a quarter system, but for now
I'm trying to double major in psychology and biological anthropology.
I have a cousin that goes to chapman.
Okay, look, can you do anything with education now?
It's really cool. Yeah, so
so my family moved around a lot. I was actually born in michigan and I lived there for like 11 years and then moved to texas, and we stayed there for like five years and then became California and that was a
junior year of high school and I've stayed since,
yeah they live up in sacramento. Yeah
definitely
definitely here I'd say I like California but sacramento's a little boring so I like what my age and having things to do.
Yeah it is on cost of living is high but yeah.
I'm thinking after college I'll probably move out of California just for the cost.
Yeah that makes sense. I really wanted to study abroad but I had some things fall through and then I was going to maybe go this year but then the thing happened so working
that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
I have a roommate and I have two housemates right now roommates back home for thanksgiving, so I'll actually be going back home today. But um I have a couple of housemates to Mhm
Yeah, they're like entirely online, so I think we're making a move next quarter to have like some of the really small classes be in person, like a hybrid thing, but for the majority, it's all going to be online
definitely
in person. I have such
time, like keeping to deadlines and like going to class, remembering that I have all these things when it's online, I do like being able to have class in my bed, but at this time I need that motivation to like go out and do things. So
or
yeah, so hopefully by the end of the year will be going back to in person, there's a chance that will happen for spring, but we're not sure. No,
it has been a lot, it's definitely been really, really stressful because I've had like classes. I didn't have a job then uh that ended because of Covid and she had to go like long story short, I'm not I don't have that job anymore, I'm also in an acapella group and so I'm on the board of that. So we had to figure out how we should run this entirely online because you can't really like sing over zoom. It's weird. So we had to restructure our whole group, so it's been a lot, a lot of changes, but I think I thought things would get easier and they haven't really gotten easier, still kind of like the same thing over and over again, but hopefully it'll end soon, so.
yeah, I was lucky and that I didn't need a job because my family sold financially supports me. Yeah, I had also lost his job and so that's getting a little crazy, but he's got one now again, so things are more stable. But yeah a lot of people have, it's been super tumultuous, especially with the financial situation.
I mean I can understand especially from like a mental health standpoint, but
I was
scared to quit my job if I had one you know stuff
I mean I see a therapist like every week or every other week which has been super super helpful um in terms of like one of the, one of the most important things for me is seeing people. I mean you obviously can't do that. So I have a boyfriend, so we have like this this thing set up because he lives somewhere else and that he has two roommates and everyone's allowed like one person that they get to see. And so for him that's me. Sometimes I go over there and we have our own little mini quarantine bubble, which has been really nice for me because I don't really know any of the people that I live with. So it's nice to still be able to like basically see people that I know, but what about you?
Well
fine.
Do you guys love to travel?
I got
that's really awesome. Just
lining to everything.
Yeah it makes sense. Yeah. I haven't actually heard many people who have good things happen to them in 2020. It's very very rare that you hear that. No.
Yeah it's really hard to celebrate that when you know other people are celebrating. Yeah.
Do you have any pets?
I'm sorry.
Well that's nice. That's
no I've never had a pet. My parents have been very staunchly anti pet. There's one time in elementary school I brought home like a little snail because you know they have like those fish tanks, you know they'll have like fish snails, hermit crabs. I brought home the snail cause it's like okay, I'm not gonna be able to keep a fish, I'm not gonna able to keep a crab, but maybe I can keep the snail. And my mom's like no, you have to get rid of it, give it to your friend and the thing like died in two days. So I didn't even matt was like you can't keep this. So mm.
Yeah. I've always wanted a pet. I have friends who have pets. So hard to be content with that.
I like what I want to pet. I would never get one in college because I can hardly take care of myself like enough living being. So
Yeah. Thank you. Imagine. Yeah. What else? Mhm. You said you had siblings? How many siblings do you have?
Okay I'll be younger.
I
have a younger sister.
She used four years younger than me. So yeah I'll be leaving cold.
so I'll be leaving college and she'll be joining college. Oh
she
has been doing stuff like with my parents. I just because I'm not there, I don't really know what she's doing but he's started the application process. I think she's turning she's actually might have turned a few in but I think originally she wanted to do something aren't related because she's super into that you want to do graphic design. But a lot of those colleges are private and my parents really have the money especially having to pay for my college and which that's super expensive. So she's trying to do something I think biology related.
What a money. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I think I only I only applied to public schools and I think with one private school, but that was in like an off chance in case. No,
the small school format is really, really nice. Um and it was kind of different, but the first high school that I went to in texas was super huge, like you didn't everyone in your grade, it was super competitive. And then when I moved to California, part of the reason we moved is to join a specific, really specific private school because we had in the area who also went to that and that there was like 20 people in my class, like 30 people like really small. I do everyone a lot of them have gone to the school since like kindergarten or first grade. So yes,
it was a little odd, but my group of friends, so it ended up being ok, but a lot of them knew each other from before and so there'd be times they like talk about things from before, I was like, oh, I don't know what this is, but it all worked out in the end, so.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I unfortunately don't talk to a lot of my high school friends as much because we kind of drifted apart, but I have a really nice solid friends of a friend. I have a really nice solid friend group here in college.
Yeah, no, I had a lot of friends who went to different states. Um My ex boyfriend is part of the group. He went to like go join the naval academy. I had some colorado um people who are a lot of people went to the East Coast, oddly enough, but we're
all scattered around, so.
No.
yeah. No. Okay, what else? Mhm. What are some of your hobbies?
Who?
this part
where you
well, what voice part were you
and?
Oh my God, that is,
yeah, I've kind of had a similar thing, I've saying everywhere from soprano one to like tenor because I've been seeing all my life and I just kind of go into different places wherever they need me, but right now I'm like an alto,
um I kind of just always saying like even as a kid, I have home videos and the like strumming my fake guitar saying um I only took lessons I guess once I got to middle school I joined choir, so they don't really have, they had like music lessons in elementary school, but it's like an all around music thing. So I choir choir in middle school and then I've been doing choir like an acapella group or something ever since then.
So my doesn't
compete, we just do concerts, but right because we can't have concerts were posted online and doing a lot of like short, shorter songs and stuff like that. So,
well
we actually recorded beforehand, so we'll learn our parts on our own or like in our little sections and then we'll record it and then we have someone put together the audio and someone put together the video and then we post that, this one,
I'm the music director. So when we had rehearsals, I would lead rehearsals, I would be the one giving notes. I'd be like listening in really closely heading all of the songs. Now. It's a little different. I still do a lot of the music stuff so people have questions will come to me. I work so we arrange all our own music. So everyone if do their songs, they can make us long. So I worked with the rangers and I help them with that. Um, I give people individual feedback on the recordings that they send in, so it's still a lot of music stuff that is just fine instead of in person.
Third
there's
multiple groups. There's, I think that now there's three code groups. One just started, I don't know if they're still doing stuff because they started right before Covid hit being
a break, but there's another one that's been there for a while. They are the only group on campus that actually competes. Uh And then we have an all male and all female group. And then like in indian society, like group that just kind of, they're more of a cultural group.
Yeah, Acapella is really fun. I wasn't sure when I came to college if I wanted to do acapella or they have a choir here. So I was like, I do require, but I think I was like I want to do something not classical and so I decided to acapella. It's been really, really fun.
Yeah. I also had a classical piano background because you know kid, I have to do some sort of news.
So I did piano all through elementary school and then I stopped that but I still just continue singing. Yeah,
I mean
she didn't do any singing. She also did piano in elementary school, but she's definitely more like the visual artsy type, a lot of like drawings, digital art, like painting and all of that right now. She's actually doing like a senior project where she has giant canvas and she's doing a self portrait and I don't know how, it's really, really good, she's only started so
Yeah, my sister was really lucky, she got to do both the music and the art. I think my parents know that she wasn't as much of a music types, so they let her take art lessons and she did art, so she got to develop that and I just chose the music instead.
I had the opposite, I was definitely the tomboy and I've done swimming lessons and that was kind of like support and I really wanted to do martial arts because I would always, we did like we went to a swimming lessons and like this one big athletic thing, everyone had took classes there and when you enter you would always see the martial artist. So I always wanted to do that and I finally convinced them to let me switch over in sixth grade so I didn't swimming all until then, and then they finally let me do that, but they also really wanted me to do dance. So I took a year of classical dance and I was like, this isn't for me, so the martial arts until the end of high school.
Yeah, my parents were definitely worried about that there. I was like, you're gonna you're gonna switch so soon they got that after I just did one year of dancer, like you wanted to do dance and now you, you quit and I was like, well this isn't the dance I wanted to do.
Yeah, I definitely feel like I have to like go, go, go and do something or my life has no meaning, which isn't, but I feel like I have to be a part of a lot of things and doing a lot of things and that's kind of what I feel more relaxed oddly enough is when I have to do.
I got to be the guinea pig to, and I think it was, it was kind of the same thing, like they were a little harder on me and then nicer on my sister, so it didn't mean it ended up okay, like I'm doing fine and she's fine, So, but it's always odd. The older child is always the guinea pig,
yeah. I used to have a more strained relationship and then we sat down and had a conversation, I was like, I want you to treat me like an adult, and they were like, yeah, we should probably do that. And then we have a conversation about how my upbringing and how that worked. And so now we have a much better relationship, like every week, and I look forward to that. Whereas before it would be like a chore now, it's really so
when
It was 21, so was it was probably like in the springtime maybe, I think was when that happened spring or summer. Somewhere around there.
What about you?
Well, I think we've hit our or 25 minutes.
Thank you. I hope you have a great rest of your here.
All
But