Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. More than okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. What? Hello or
So mhm. You
can see your dogs are very excited, wow.
Oh,
so have you ever done this before now?
Thank you.
I'm a veteran of the trap. I said I'm a veteran of the chat. This is like my uh, like the third time I've done it, I'm trying to figure out how, I'm trying to figure out
how they set it up. And so I've come to the realization and they always set it up as a guy and a girl because every person has, has been a woman. Yeah.
Then we got a quote now, where are you from?
I'm going, Okay. All right.
I'm
going to say my other question would be is if you're from the South New Jersey. Okay. Yeah.
Because
the other two ladies were forming taxes and south Carolina.
was wondering if I figure out
I started in february.
Okay. How, how have you done?
No, that's good. You have done, uh, like, uh,
I mean minds the exchange rate part of it. I've done like 600. So
Well if I, I mean you said June, I've done, I've been doing it for like six months, like $100 a month.
Right.
Whenever it comes up, like I, I wake up in the morning, I put it on my phone and I just refresh it throughout the day and I very rarely do it on the computer. Oh,
mostly I just
have it on myself.
There was, I had one that went on, sorry, go ahead.
I
What?
Ask. Because uh, what I was saying before was I had one that went on for three months And every survey each week, there was a survey. So it was 12 weeks of surveys And it buried from like $2 for like five minutes to $10 for an hour. But that one,
yeah, it was a nice hole, but that had to be done on the computer. No.
No, it's not that
No, it's good. That's not bad at all. Usually I usually get the ones that are like 50 cents for like two minutes. I'm like, okay, all right, I'll just do it because eventually builds up. So
I looked into it and it's like pays so little that it wasn't even worth my time.
What
progress has got
have
to do
it
before the uncertainty.
I'm
not
expecting,
I signed up for it. I gotta, you know, accepted everything. And I'm looking like everything was like a scent or like five cents and I'm like, it's just not worth my time to, you know, middle through captures and whatever. It's our home life. Man. I'm going to stick with prolific.
I don't even know how I found it. I couldn't, I couldn't even tell you how I found it just popped up somewhere. I clicked on it. Oh my God, this has got to be a joke. And So I know for next thing
I know like within the first like four days I had $5 my paypal account. I was like, all right.
You know, because I mean, I don't know if you have, but I, once I hit that instant level that was like the best thing ever. Instead of having to wait like the till
thursday for it to clear and
but where you had what? The words instant. Yeah. After I'm gonna say five times after you cash out. But I could be wrong.
What?
no, these people are pretty well probably get paid from this tomorrow. They're pretty quick
with
it. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to wait until like next week. Like I've had some people where they like sat on it for a month but these people are pretty good. Mhm.
But yeah, I want you to five, you get the
instant
cash
out,
like you can only do it once again. Uh How's Illinois doing with Covid?
How'd
that go
now? Did you guys go back with a full day sketch? Like a full week schedule or
do you
have
it? Right,
What
happened?
Yeah mm Because my my kids school is doing monday Tuesday then virtually Wednesday thursday friday. And then uh the other group comes in on
thursday
and friday, everybody that's virtual on Wednesday for like a wipe down of the school. So that's
then my sister in law, she goes to college and she was the Roan and everything. She's on camera. Well she's in her own house on campus but everything is virtual. There are no in person classes.
My daughter.
Most of them.
We we have been hard on it. We didn't know which would be the best. But then when they came down with the they're just doing it. It's only half days anyway. They're only doing it two days, half days. We were like all right, we'll send them because they have to socialize. They can't they can't just, you know, they've been closed down since March so we need to get them out doing stuff.
Oh so that Yeah. No, absolutely. I mean that's that's why they have that option. So I mean that's why, I mean we have uh we really don't have anything open over here. I mean the restaurants are all take out An outdoor dining, but that's stupid because it's been like 100° outside every day. So nobody wants to do that. You know, we want to go and eat pizza and have coke 105 grades outside. Um then the only thing like sports are kind of sort of cancelled. Like my son plays well, bye. I've got five kids, so my fourth youngest child plays club soccer and they're still going is there outside of like the whole school realm system? It's like travel soccer only like higher than that. Um
So his his season's going than my older two sons, they're freshmen and sophomores in high school and once playing track that's going, but the other one plays football and they still don't know what they're doing with that yet. And then my daughter who's first grade, Now, second grade, he's going to 2nd grade. She does competition, cheerleading and that they completely killed. But she has nothing.
My character.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, she because she actually was doing dance During all this and uh, this
was her last thing. She's like, I don't want to dance. I just want to clearly and we're going to find whatever it saves me $60 a week. But shoot. But like, that's fine. You can stop doing whatever you want. But everything was over zoom all the dance classes. And they even had her rehearsal through zoom. It was like, I'm like, you know, school is one thing, but everything else you can't do everything through, you know,
basically. Face timing.
No, because I mean, you know, you'd always like with the, with the rehearsal, they had their like, you know, can you just have it down to, you know, not the whole family, just like the immediate family and everything like that. But you still have the grandparents that came on everything and their struggle because they don't know how to mute themselves and they're talking over there asking how to make this thing work. You know, all the kids are trying to dance, half the kids aren't even moving because they don't know what's going on. It was a disaster.
No, no. Yeah. Well, it's just like, it was like, funny because, um, they're in, in March when they shut down the schools, they started doing zoom for all the classes and everything they would go through and they'd be like, okay, I'm going to, you know, teach me like, I'm going to be, you know, X and go to Z and here we go. And I'm like, oh, what a horrible way to have class
and hit
Yeah, all right. Then we got an email from the art teacher's thinking my sudden
wasn't doing any of the assignments. I'm like, listen, I'm trying to keep him doing reading
and
writing and math. Well he can scribble, you can draw. I'm like, I'm not concerned
about
art right now. Like I fully appreciate it.
Listen lady, but I'm focusing on keeping him in his grade level, not, you know, making perfect spheres and everything like that great. Then my and then my sister in law as a teacher and
she's like, well, you know, I think a lot of the
like,
like the specials, like art gym everything like that kind of feeling like expendable because they don't really make a lesson plan for everything because like the gym teachers, they're like, okay, You know, do 100 sit ups throughout the day, like, you know, they don't really have anything to do, but yet they're getting paid full time, so they're kind of feeling the pressure to have some sort of actual work shown for them,
but
well done.
Mr
don't
have,
see, that's a good idea, that works well, I was like, in the beginning of it, they didn't
even have
them
like submit anything, They had the kids doing uh some dog, it was some sort of mathematic website or something like that, where they would submit their work and everything like that, and I guess it was like, kind of, but it wasn't really like structured for anything, and then towards the end of it actually came like, okay, here are worksheets for you to print out now, scan it, or take a picture of it and email it to me. So I'm like, okay, now we're kind of getting into more of a real routine with it than just, you know, throwing stuff at the wall, see what sticks for the meantime.
No, I think I've thrown into it. I mean, I completely appreciate that, but just like, like our our governor flip flopped on it because first he was like, you know, all schools are open, you know, everyone. And then he said, okay, like two days before, like
the teachers were to go in and make everything start going. It's like, well, do you know what, you don't have to open up if you don't want to, you can do it all virtually. And then like have to state
just
ditched over to doing it virtually. So everybody is running around like chickens with their heads cut off, trying to figure out what's going on.
But I'm 45 minutes away from New York City, so we're screwed.
Right. Oh yeah, I said I think New Jersey has got 160,000.
And
so
I mean where I live, it's very rural. I live in northwest
New Jersey, So I think there's only like 150,000 people in my county. But if you go like where my son plays soccer, he's more towards new york city that way. And they've got like 30, cases in that county where we have, Don't even think we have 1000. And most of us came from a nursing home, They had like 400 people get sick and nursing home
actually,
although I was gonna say is it actually made the news because the nursing home didn't know what to do with the bodies and didn't tell anybody and they were like putting them like storage shed or something like that. And it wasn't until somebody drove by and saw a delivery of body bags that somebody called the police and they realized they had like 15 dead bodies in nursing home.
And over New Jersey, it's and minutes away from me,
Yeah, because we were all like, how can you
do that? People buy and you put them in a storage shit, right? Like there's people you can call. Mhm.
They just put, I don't, I I figured that they would just get to them as they get to them, I guess slowly move them out one at a time. I have no
clue.
But I mean, I mean obviously they're getting sued now, but I
no, but other, I mean other than that,
four
so savory.
really?
Now
we run down, right, We're down, we're down to, I think like 500 new cases a day now.
Well, I think we had last, last update I saw, I think we were just under 16,000 deaths And I think we were like right around 160,000 confirmed cases. Uh, I mean like when we go out, we have to wear masks everywhere.
Um obviously like, you know, only like, like I went to a deli, only two people could be in the deli at the same time. The rest
have
to wait outside
all
during the social what? So it's, it's, it's, and it's been that way for a while now. So I mean it's noise,
you know, like the curb, like to pick up dog food, we have to call ahead and have the guy delivered it to the trunk. I mean it's just like, I can't just walk in and pick stuff up.
I finally broke down and bought one of those cloth masks for the longest time. I was wearing like dispose will throw away once. That's just like the things obnoxious. It rips like every five seconds. And when I broke down and bought them on Etsy,
well we
actually
work.
I
got to do it right up
because
they kind of do look like maxi pads though. You really
can't believe her because that's what I called the one, the one mask. Like it was like, I had like a white one that like went over your face and then I had one that literally looked just like maxi pad with like why? Why do I have like a super flow maxi pad mask? I'm good. Okay.
I'm
like, I think I'll break down and I told my wife and I'm like, go ahead and buy the, go ahead and buy me one off, etc. He's like, okay, I put an order in for the kids anyway, so
if you don't have that, I mean you can make a mint off them.
Yeah, that's nice. I just I just wouldn't know how to do it with the uh a lot of the ear things.
Uh What fancy thing then? Mhm. I don't know. My wife wanted one of those things because I guess the head coach did uh like the lettering on the girls shorts for cheerleading with a cricket and she was and she was like one of those things, I'm like, okay, well let me just look into it and I saw how expensive they were and I'm like now, oh, like you are not getting hurt.
One
I'm like, I can understand this will greatly assist you in your Mhm. Your
home making needs and everything like that, but not for like $500.
There are all sorts of different attachments and everything. I was like, I don't even understand this.
Okay. It's
almost like a 3D printer where what you can do with it?
Yes. That's crazy. I mean that's awesome. If you're crafty,
I don't
know how to do anything like
We uh we joined, it was, I think it was probably around june when we joined the make your own bread club, so
that was
kind of cool for a little bit. Yeah.
Uh huh. No, by yeast and flour your throat and apparently you have to beat the hell out of it. Then you have to let it sit, you make bread,
you put in the oven like 400°,,
they get
a big loaf and there's it seems terribly fascinating all of a sudden there's I'm like, oh look at that shit, there's bread coming out of the oven, I was like, you know, that's fancy.
Yeah, let's try it. It's not apparently it's not hard, I thought it was super complicated to getting to make bread. Apparently not. Oh,
today? Uh
Yeah, I think we are,
We'll
get
another 30's. It says 20, what is your time to say? You still have your other tab open
or now?
What?
Mine says 27, But I came on 4:80, so. Mhm.
that's all right.
because I'm at 28 10. What's weird?
I
guess we can fly. I mean
it's gonna save you a way we can talk for like to talk for a couple more minutes and round it
out.
That's because I don't you know you don't wanna get short about 15 bucks. I mean I had that happen had to happen
one time where somebody didn't show up
and I was like, God damn it.
I
don't The dollar 50. I'm like
it was even worth me coming down in my basement. That's a stupid thing up. I want the full thing. Like I'm reading it right now. Your chat partner may already be waiting for you. Please wait at least five minutes blah blah blah and says you'll be compensated 1 53 times spent but you will not be eligible for the full $15 for a complaint participation. If you don't have a 25 minute conversation, go, Let me make sure that I make sure I get my $50.
No. She thinks it's stupid.
I
brought
it up to her and I'm like Mhm. Mhm. I I brought it up to my brother in law and he does, he does what I do, What I do with my money is I go take it and then I just gamble with it. So I've made, so I probably made like five grand off my $500.
yeah, I was I mean I gamble on sports, so it's not like, you know shit luck, I do research and everything like that. But now I I cleared I had like two or three months where I was clearing over $1,000. It was just off prolific money. Yeah. So I didn't know what I've been living here because she's like, it's not real money, so as long as as long as they
can affect our bank account, I don't
care,
that's fine. But you actually, she actually said that to me today, she's like, you know, it's been a while since you made a deposit with your And you're gambling stuff and I'm like God because I keep on rolling it over, okay, I should. And I showed her my MGM
balance, I had like $300 in there and she's like why don't you take it out because I got one more game.
That's
it. Mhm. Yeah, there's your cricket right there. Oh I'm trying to get you the cricket, you've gotta wait till saturday betting on soccer. And then of course I've had the times where I've lost everything
and she's like so you
should
just took him out and it was like 80 bucks. I'm like well you know I probably should have but I didn't so I saw I don't hear you, I told her I'm like you don't complain when it's $500 but when when I lose 40, you yell at me. He's like well I don't know why you just had. I'm like uh you're such a woman but
uh
hit my old
timer
it we're at 31 minutes. So I'm like you came you came on like 8:00 so I can't imagine. Yeah. It's not like you were coming on 805 or anything like that. So
I
think
we are pretty safe. Well no it's been a pleasure. I hope
you have a good school year.
Take
care.