Hey there, how's it going?
Birth, what are you eating?
No
so how's it going? I'm Todd
I like nice to me. Where you at
what part?
And
I
went to school at USC
what
part of? No
way are you a curiosity.
I said what part of L. A. Are you in? Just out of curiosity?
cool.
Okay cool very cool. How many of these have you done?
None of them.
it's very cool. Uh So what are you up to? Are you working are you in school?
well.
No he's Gotta Love Berkley. I lived in San Francisco for like 10 years.
Oh yeah great it's super expensive but it's beautiful wonderful Berkeley you know because I'm a raging lives so it's it's a it's a great point. So your gamer at all
are you a gamer? Do you play games
way
bringing
in?
so you play online?
Well it's not like that.
totally.
Yeah that's cool. That's cool. Yeah I totally suck at games, but I'm a huge gamer, so I don't play them, you know, because I I di I have no fun at all.
I was playing S. O. For a while because you can just do the quest and stuff. Uh huh.
But
uh but the mind has a son is way in the League of Legends. Yeah.
I don't know. What about
it?
Mhm. They had no. Yeah. My buddy cannot get his son to stop playing it. Just cannot. He's in trouble all the time.
That's cool. Very cool. So what else is going on? Your in Orange County? So I don't know what's going on. Uh Are you anywhere near Fullerton?
Because I have a friend that teaches theater over Irvine, UC Irvine,
I'll sleep
well. What do you play an instrument?
All
that's great. That's great. Yeah, I played trumpet in grade school.
No,
No, No. Yeah. Just like you up to like 4th or 5th grade, basically.
After that I got into choir.
Yeah. You got, yeah. Singing. It is not easy.
So why did you pick a clarinet? Did your folks pick it for you or did you?
What's your skill level? Are you up to orchestra level, are you?
Oh, is that what you're studying at? Berkeley?
Okay. So you're really actually want to make some money instead of
the difference?
It's a little if you ask me.
Well.
That must be funny.
That's
Nice. Very cool. So are you not playing? You're not playing anymore?
Yeah, that's cool. I used to play guitar that I had when I was in my 20's. I had a stroke, like a, like an accident. And so I went, so I went all paralyzed on my left side and so I can't do the fingers anymore, you know, I mean, I can move my fingers, but I lost my facility completely, so I have a couple of electric guitarist and I don't play anymore. Yeah, it's
Yeah, it was something else I'll tell you. Um And uh I actually uh I got into doing midi music, you know, like doing a,
you know, like logic and that kind of
stuff. Yeah, that's what I do now, I've got a keyboard and stuff and I like to screw around with that.
Absolutely.
What kind of music do you follow? Do you follow classical stuff?
less.
Yeah, me too. Not just one kind, I'm a huge prince fan, I'm kind of old school, but I'm like just a ridiculous, I have all the bootlegs and all that stuff, you know. Did that come from high school? I've gotta do him in high school. So. Different generation I
guess.
No, it's it's definitely worth it if you have time. What else?
What's that?
All
those
world.
It was it was interesting, you know, the colleges and a terrible neighborhood. Uh
Yeah, it's an interesting experience. But I studied drama, started acting down there, I was going to you know, stay in L. A. And you know, make money but of course I found out I couldn't make money so
well I loved it. I mean I did a lot of shows at the school and yeah, I I really enjoyed it, you know? Uh I'm just trying to sink here. Did you ever play in any orchestras for musicals or anything?
That's
That's cool. Yeah, I've never been a great singer and we did a musical. I mean, I did it anyway, you know, but you get a musical called the Fantastics and
I played one of the leads and I was, I had a soul and everything. My voice was really too soft and you know, the require lady didn't, she didn't want to hurt my feelings. So she got another guy backstage to sing on a microphone when I was singing at the same time.
And then I didn't find out about that. And that was really, there's um
So do you you are you into any single player stuff, any RPGS or anything?
That's
That's good.
So you like the like PVP stuff, you go on and you're gonna Yeah.
That's
That's cool. Yeah. I don't like people
very
much,
so
I don't uh
don't do it. Um
or I was hugely in the sky room. I've got like yeah, actually 1000 hours in Unbelievable.
it's a little embarrassing but
you know, I was were into it, you know, it's just something to do to play around with it right now.
Yeah, I love those because what actually what I love, what I'm hoping to get into eventually is like we are experiences, you know, not just the games, but the narrative experiences, you know, we're not able to do it yet because the whole we can't make humans look real and nobody can make a talk real, you know? But it's coming and I think it will happen in my lifetime,
so I'm hoping to get into
that.
Yeah. Especially now that the Oculus has one out that's that's wireless, now the first one you're tethered to the CPU and all that. But now that I'm really curious about the new one because I guess they must have like memory in
it where
it stores all the games and stuff. But I don't know I've got I've got a google
cardboard. You heard of that one? Google cardboard.
Yeah. It's
frequent for what it is. Yeah.
totally. So
you're are you doing anything else to make money or is this it?
Before?
Yeah. You're doing all the surveys and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah. Sure. Yeah it takes no effort at all. I did I'm doing it
on several of them you know do
the swag bucks
and actually
you do that one too.
Actually
surprisingly I was able to get like a
sort
of a political roundtable video webcam thing and I got paid like $150 for it.
Yeah, I can't remember, I can't remember how I got into that, I wish I did, but that was that was pretty cool.
It's good. Yeah.
might as well, you know
Yeah, why not? Yeah uh sure helps, you know, because I my girlfriend is kind of supporting us right now,
so
anything else I can bring in, you know? It really helps.
I'm
talking
about
Yeah, but you will say so, I'm doing this.
Well
the
hero.
Cool. Did you go on reddit and find like the beer money subreddit
and the work? Yeah,
that's weird. Yeah, I don't like mturk, it's just weird.
I
got I got into click worker
which is a little better, but again those those H I T. Human interfaith tasks, they're just so stupid, you know what I mean? And like there was what? But I was trying to do that there was having me look at pictures and decide whether or not it was
pornographic,
you know
like what level of porn it was you know, whether
it's bad for periods or you know, it's like I was like you know and I'm as open minded as the other guy
but you
know, I'm just like I'm
grading
stuff and I got every one of them wrong, you know, I was like I'm I wouldn't make that money off and I'm sick of this, you know?
That's good.
Yeah, it's tough to know what to do because it could be such a waste of time, you know?
Right. Yeah, I like that a lot better and hate like you know, look at this ad and tell us what you think. It's really bored.
argue that as well.
Not
true. I signed up for it and I never did
it.
I was thinking of user crowd
Taiwan ex.
And whatever you totally I was gonna say oh so tell me more about that ghost writing thing. That's very interesting because I'm a writer as well.
What kind of relating example did you have to upload?
Or next
so what you were writing fiction?
Was
it kind of like a team kind of a teen audience book or
I'm
not
selling. So what I mean who were these, you mentioned amazon who were these people that we're asking you to write books for them? We would go with writing. Thank
you.
Okay. And how were they selling it where they were you doing was it like for a publisher that this was being done or was it for an individual writer?
Totally. Yeah I've seen that you can actually do book you can read a book on read a book for somebody you know having recorded an audio book I guess what I'm trying to say. Yeah.
You know I looked into it and then I I heard that mostly it's way too much work for what you get paid.
Yeah I used to work on it and I I did some work for you test which is all you know I don't know if you've heard of it but they you know they have people come to them companies that don't have a QA department and they're bringing QA software and you have to look at it, man. I worked hard at that and you have to be the first person that finishes that, otherwise you don't get paid. Like, you know, I quit really quick on that one. Yes. Yeah.
Have you heard of Camberley?
Yeah. People anywhere who are trying to learn english better, you just talk to them over the camera.
I
signed
up, I signed up with so many things and not followed through. I signed
up. I started for gambling and you know, I figure like, well if I really feel like I need to make a ton more money, I'll do it. But in the meantime I'm using my time to write,
you know, it's really great for me.
I'm
a screenwriter. I like to
write school. I got a couple of projects going on right now, so, you know, it takes a lot of time and I'd rather be able to devote my attention to that than you know.
I would enjoy it but I'm not a teacher by any means.
What I'm just curious what made you choose Berkeley?
sure
that
seems to me that you know U. C. L. A. Would have been a lot cheaper than Berkeley. So did they not accept you in Berkeley? Did
That's cool. Very cool. So have you had the corona?
That's
the
thing
mm. I said that's insane. That's crazy.
Absolutely.
I've
been thinking
I do the same thing. It's a little hard for me because my mother is one of those people that thinks it's all a hoax you know
so it's
like
I don't want to go over there and get her sick but she thinks that it's like you know, she gets upset, she thinks it's like takes it personally, it's
like
good
No.
it's
just
it's not that much of an inconvenience, you know, it's like if we would all just do it for a couple of months, I mean.
Yeah, I hope so too. Although again it's getting worse now, it's I live in Arizona, so I think it's it's one of the States that's getting worse, you know?
that's
Yes. So have you guys have had a lockdown there at all or is it just like recommendations?
Oh yeah, so I'm surprised that the law is that you have to wear it outside, not just in a building, it just anywhere outside you have to wear a mask,
I didn't know that. That's we're not that straight here yet. Right, okay.
it's
horrible.
Yeah I got to go out to dinner man.
Yeah we do take out all the time all the time. We don't care. I never go anywhere. It's fine with me. Mhm.
that's cool. Yeah it wasn't for me either So it looks like we made it 25
minutes.
So
good luck to you in Berkeley. Hope you have a good time.
I think there.