Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Well, mhm push. Mhm. He said what? Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Good morning. Yeah. Mhm.
good. Hold
Just a little bread. Just leftover bread
because I was hungry.
I'm Elliot, Nice to meet you.
I'm in California right now.
Southern California,
Orange
County area.
Oh, really? Nice. I'm actually going to Berkeley,
but unfortunately
online.
wow. Sorry, what you say?
I'm in the Orange County area. Yeah,
but an hour or so from L. A. Yeah.
I haven't done any of these before. It's my first time.
No, first time.
Um, right now. Yeah, I'm at school. I'm in school right now, so I'm a freshman, so I'm going to UC Berkeley, but unfortunately
I'm attending online this semester because the coronavirus, I'm hoping to go on, hoping to go on campus next semester, but for now at home right now. Yeah.
Nice. Nice. I have never lived in Royale before, so it's gonna be a new experience.
So what you say
um yeah I do play games um
um I play a lot of legal legends. I play a little over
wash
those games particularly. Yeah. It
yeah I do play online that's, that's normally what to play. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you kind of figure out because of the headphones?
Yeah, I was like I'm gonna need it for communications so might as well just get one and then it's
been working out fine for interviews and stuff as well, so. Perfect.
Yeah, you gotta play, yeah, some games.
I see. Uh
listen.
nice. Really? Yeah, I think
I think
legal legends in one of those games are like once you get into, it's hard to get out of its almost addicting definitely. I started like this year my friends are like you have to try this game so I was like okay okay I like her, I've heard about it but I've never played it, I'm just like in too deep.
Yeah I'm also on it a lot with my friends, yep.
Um yeah I think I'm like 20 minutes 30 minutes away from floor to now today. Yeah I,
oh yeah I I actually did used to go to U. C. Irvine a lot. I mean of course it's in my city but like I used to have uh practices for ensembles and orchestras in like the
U. C. I. Um theaters and uh places and stuff and that was a good experience that did that weekly you know that's fun.
Yeah I do I do play clarinet. I've played for
eight years. I've played I've played all the way through like middle school at the high school, elementary school etcetera.
Oh, trump. Did you play, did you play a middle school or high school or anything bad
edit.
Oh yeah, yeah, I see,
require nice. Yeah. I could never require my like just like, I think that's just like, I guess like talent thing, you know, you kind of, you kind of like already got to be like kind of good at singing, you know, got to have a good voice.
Yeah, I cannot do it for my life. No.
Um, so, well what we had in like an Irvine, like the elementary school system, what happens is, um, in fourth grade, they make every night or choose choir strings. So like violent and stuff. And then, so of course I had to violin and then in fifth grade that you choose a band instrument, a wind instrument. And then they give like a demo of every single instrument, right? And then this guy started playing really fast corner piece. I was like this is a this is an instrument I want. And then I grinded it out. Um Yeah and I've been playing ever since like it's just like it's an instrument. I love. Yeah.
Oh um I would say um I've gone I've got invitations from my top colleges to play. Um
um No um I actually decided I'm gonna be studying economics at Berkeley. Um
Like performance
performance art is very difficult to make money I would say. Lots of practice to.
Yeah. But but like I played for like the Allstate bands that like first year, second
year have souls and stuff. But
Yeah, it was fun, good experience. Like probably like
one of the big things I used to do in high school. Yeah. Yeah.
Um it's like it's like I'll pick it up occasionally like it's been kind of difficult to keep up practicing during quarantine like and there's really no like motivation to do so because I haven't joined like the Berkeley Wind ensemble or anything, so you know, it's like I pick it up occasionally but I'm sure I'll keep it around definitely.
In your 20s, Wow, that's that must have been a that was a scary experience actually.
electronic music, yeah,
definitely.
I I did have an electronic cuba for a while like my parents always wanted me to try like at least a composing music or something, but like it's difficult, I would say many music
yeah, Cuban music is pretty difficult.
Um I do I do fall classical stuff um But not as much as like I least I listen to a lot of rap like of course, like a lot of, lot of 10 years to listen to rap, but yeah, that's that's where I listen to a lot, but I've been getting into like other types like like break core, like electronic dance music, but like into like really
deep like underground artists. Like I've I've been getting into those. Yeah, that's that's kind of I got a wide range of music.
different
generation, definitely. Yeah, I've always heard of Prince, I've always I've always wanted to actually get in and listen to it, but I haven't I haven't found the time to yet, but I definitely will.
How is your time at you at sea?
How is your time at USC I'm
like I'm
just
going to college so like I I really want to really want to know what you want.
I heard definitely.
The dream. The dream.
Um I was offered the opportunity to for a couple of times but like it was high school and I was like doing my classes, I was I was a little too busy but like I always I always had friends that were actually like independent doing doing music there and I mean they thought it was a great experience. Um I
definitely would try it out, but yeah. Yeah.
What?
I got a double.
well well we gotta do, we gotta do you see? Yeah.
Um after getting into some single player stuff um But like you know it's I think I think I've mostly gone to like the online is like playing with friends stuff because like especially now because I haven't been able to meet my friends for a while for a long time, it's like it's always it's always great to be playing with them. Um But yeah,
I've always liked watched people play single RPG games, like Uncharted,
like a lot of a lot of new new games. Um I've tried playing a couple of games as well, but yeah.
multiplayer MMO PVP aspect that that's why like
alligators. Yeah.
very
much
so.
I don't,
I
feel you.
that's what Mhm.
No.
World games like that are great. Yeah.
Two.
Like
I think I think the first step definitely was like the VR goggles and stuff. Like I've tried like my Friends VR goggles, you tried them on, played a couple games. It's like sometimes like they have those like games or like it's not a game, it's more of experience where like they forced you like jump off a skyscraper and it feels really, really like, I don't want to do, I know it's not real come. What if it is basically. Yeah, it's getting there, definitely.
Let's
see.
Part
Well I think, I think you just think you're putting your like your phone into it and then like, oh yeah,
what?
I mean it's pretty cheap so, you know, so again into the experience basically. Yeah.
Story
um I've I've been trying to make money, like reselling stuff, you know, I'll buy something on Ebay, like flip it somewhere else. I've tried doing that. Um I used to do a little bit of like ghost writing books and stuff, or like a client
and they're like, oh, like you like, because like sometimes like they'll have like a like a series of books and novels, they have like amazon and stuff and like, they're kind of tired of writing him and then basically they'll hire someone to write like the continuation of the novel of the series for them. I did that for a little bit in high school. Yeah. Just to make a little extra money. Um I did have a part time job until until corona stroke. So um this is basically like my little pocket change. Yeah.
Yeah. Like, I mean it's pretty good money for like what's worth, like I'll be waiting and like, I'll be waiting in queue for a game and I'll just be doing a survey or so. Yeah.
Sir
sweat.
It's
like
I've heard of that one, I haven't gotten to it yet, but swag books definitely
christ
sort
of,
that's crazy. Yeah, I think
I think this is the highest paying thing I've done so far um on
Do you do you keep getting these like over and over in your in your little in your thing? OK. Yeah, I think it's I think it's a good, I think it's fun you know just talking about $15
or something. Yeah. That's great.
I
see I see.
Yeah 100%. You know I'm just I'm just doing this
to make sure
I have
like I have money to spend when I go to Berkeley, you know definitely
I haven't been to save any um this is most I've so far
I think I've done this for like a month, I've made like $100 so far so um 100
150
I'm getting I'm definitely getting there um I'm kind of wrapping it up but yeah
definitely.
I'm on Reddit a lot so I was like ways to make money. Beer money looks good. I tried to get into Mturk but somehow they rejected my amazon payment account so I was like okay well I can I guess I can just do this, whatever
is it
is it
click work?
What?
You know
what?
Why?
How
this
big
stuff.
Yeah. Yeah I definitely should try clicking because I also did like something called micro workers a few years back. Um It's it's pretty similar to mturk and click worker but I think it's a little more sketchy like they sent you like a confirmation pin in the mail and like you have to like add it in to get your payment and stuff and I was really sketched
out but I did it for a couple of, I did it for a couple of months, made like 200 bucks. I was like, that's it. That's it. I've really done it since then.
Exactly. Like I think, I think all those like other survey sites are really a waste of time other than like prolific because they actually like academic surveys. Yeah.
I don't want to do that. There's, I think there's another one called the user testing or I think,
oh, you do do that
one.
I
see. I see
user
yeah, I was thinking of losing your doing user testing. Like of course I signed up for it as well. Like I tried to do the um, like the, I guess the trial run or like they see if you're like actually a good user test or whatever. And then they turned me down and I was like, I was too lazy to do it again. I was like, okay, I don't know what I did, I don't know what it is wrong, but whatever, I'll do it later.
Oh yeah, so like, I guess I guess I'll just start by saying like, I guess one of my biggest like bigger passions is writing, definitely. Like I never was much of a, like a science or math guy, so I was always doing writing and then, but the issue was in high school, I never really got an allowance for my parents. So it was really up to me to find my money or sneak, sneak, sneak some money here there. So I was like, you know like those freelancing sites, like up work or freelancer dot com? So like I I started up on there and I was like, okay, like maybe I can get some money right, like seo articles or something. And the first time the first project I did was $500 for like two weeks worth of work. And I got scammed out of that because they took me off site and I was I was like 10th grade, I had no idea what I was doing. So I was like Oh damn, like this is what happens. And then but thankfully I got like another client that were like wow, like I read your writing samples, we like them and we want to test out to a couple of trial.
Um So first they asked me if I could like write something based on a prompt they gave me. So they gave me like problems like these are like the three characters, these are personalities that make them like like to go on a hike or something. And then another one was like right like give me like an academic paper and then give me a resume and stuff and of course and then I just sent that in there like okay and then we'll just let you have it and then yeah I got the job I worked, I worked on it for like a year. It was actually pretty lucrative I would say. Um it was three cents a word And
and I would write like 2000 words a week. So I was making, I was making quite a lot of money on say
Yeah fiction. It was, it was like adventure action type novels. You know it's like it was like small like 200 page novels you know it was like it was like a mystery like you go like finding like a twist and then like it will be resolved
yet.
Yeah, almost like a teen audience. So it's a very like I guess like binge herbal books you would say
you just read them
in a serious
so
like a lot of people like these days have actually just like authors have been just going to amazon to sell their books so um a lot of them like just right like have like series is and like books that like series of books and basically well basically like there's like a third party like client in like a middle man. I would say the middleman would get the samples, get the author and then they'll match them up with clients that needed books written and basically like like oh I like science fiction and then the middleman would get an author that needs science fiction books written and then they will match them up and then they would team up like they will get the prompts, they'll do the writing and then in two weeks I think there are two weeks payment cycle period they would pay us and then we'll give them give them like their pages etcetera.
Um They were for individual writers because individual writers, I'm pretty sure they can sell they can sell their own books on amazon with like their programs. So. Yeah definitely. That's definitely how they did it. They just sold it on amazon e books or kindle or whatever.
I think on the similar line like like recording like saying reading books a lot. Have you have you done like transcribing services online?
Yeah that that's the exact same thing I heard like and even like even trying to get through like the inter interest tests like way too hard that's like your way to critical all the all the recordings are way too mud muddy etcetera. It's like. Yeah.
that sounds like a cautious that's.
Oh yeah I think is that is that the one where you like talk with other like I think you're chinese students? Foreign students?
I've heard of it I haven't signed up for yet but
I'll
drink.
It
Isn't it?
Yeah. Right. Right. So do you do you write for like for fun or do you do you attend to
release the book?
I
Talk to talk to kids on on the screen.
Yeah. Yeah I know what you mean. Yeah.
Um So so my parents my dad actually went to U. C. L. A. So he wanted me to go I mean it really depends on like if you get it or not but he wanted me to go to L. A. But like these days colleges are so competitive and I just applied to a bunch got rejected for a bunch of course I got into a bunch. But and then I think I think the main selling factor was the I guess the price for because in state tuition is like compared to let's say like Emory and Georgia is like five times four times cheaper. As like it's really not
it's really not a context of where I should go. And like we
still
yeah you say we don't send me Berkeley did but thankfully I think both of them are in States. So I mean I don't think the difference would have been that big but still yeah it would have been a really close decision if it feels between U. C. L. A. Or Berkeley if I got into both. Yeah.
Uh No I haven't. I actually have a friend over and Notre dame that got the coronavirus. And what they're actually doing is if you get it, if you test positive they send you over to the hotel room where they quarantine you for like a month or so. Which is actually nuts to me like how much money they have
to throw
around.
Yeah. Sorry I just said.
Yeah. It's actually insane like how much money did they have to throw around for that? But yeah other than that I mean I've I've been keeping safe like when I do hang out with my friends it's like the same people. So you just got to make sure you just produce your exposure. Always like wear a mask wherever you go out and avoid
indoor
seating
et cetera.
I
know
what you're meeting her.
Well
a lot of people are like, oh, it's going to take, it's like taking away our freedoms by making us wear a
mask. It's like if you look at like Korea, if you look at china right now, you know,
they're not wearing a mask anymore. Like they got over and it's done with so and it's pretty
paradox
hyper.
Yeah, we'll be just fine. But of course you got to have people going to the beach and the beach, that stuff. Yeah, it's a lot of people, Yeah, it's getting it's getting even worse now. So I know, I don't have no idea how like any of the colleges or any of these restaurants are gonna have to deal with this, but hopefully hopefully it gets better.
I think Arizona was like seen as like, you know, people are going out much more. I think, I think California was doing okay for a while and then uh started spiking up again so you will probably see like restaurant closures again.
Hopefully not but yeah.
Mhm. Um So of course I think we had a lockdown and like april may ish, I think we did have a lockdown for a couple of weeks and then everyone just kind of started going and then um of course mask wearing is supposed to be mandatory outside like its government like state government required, but when I go out to like by car stuff, I rarely see them, so everyone wants to fresh air or something, but
Yeah, pretty much like its government wanted to wear a mask.
I think I think California's been strict for a while, I think I think that's why they were doing okay for a bit, but then even now like I I see some restaurants that are offering like indoor seating and when you go in it's literally just like tables are right next to each other. It's not
like
I'm like, all right. This is why it's going back up again.
Don't take away my freedom self.
Not going nowhere too much. I mean, it's not it's not really a huge change.
I'll have him
25
minutes. Perfect.
All right. Good luck to you to help you. Yeah.