little Good morning.
Pretty good, pretty good.
I can hear you now. Yeah, it was a little quiet at first.
No, I said fine, can you hear me
okay? Okay. All right. What? Sure? I I said I was doing fine. I thought for a minute you could hear me too well.
Good deal. Good deal. Uh well my name is Wayne. I'll introduce myself and say hello,
nice to meet you Darren.
that's
unusual.
Well,
well, I know my last name means Patrick's son, so I I know that much, but because I'm uh according my ancestry, I'm about, I think it's like two or 3% british as well too, so, but uh yeah.
No,
I know
you just
had
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. I don't know.
Well,
it's
and why?
Oh, sure. Well, that's
kind
of fast.
That's
yeah, that's kind of fascinating. Anyway, that's a heck of a story I would have liked to seen, You know, everything kind of fully declassified and things not redacted in regard to that assassination that would have definitely shed a lot of light on it. It's just kind of clouded things even more unfortunately with the version they released. Uh huh.
Billion.
Well definitely, definitely. I'm kind of, I'm a guy that's kind of interested in full disclosure and honesty and I was kind of impressed with him as a president. So I just kind of curious and I would like to know more. You know, it's a
yeah. He definitely was definitely was. So
what
would you normally be, what would you normally be doing if you weren't sitting here and talking to me on a day like this?
Well I
work in the office of an ambulance service. Um, so besides the craziness that's going on with our ambulance, we actually also Do medical billing and claims and things for 140 other ambulances in seven different states. So it's, it's nuts right now, as you can imagine with everything going on. Um so, uh, yeah, normally just kind of enjoying a day off to kind of do some things around the house or a lot of times we take little trips, like later on today, we'll be taking a trip to Deadwood, south Dakota for the weekend, the wife and I, so that'll be nice. But yeah, no, I do quite a few things as well too. The blog now, What's the name of your blog? Because I'd like to take a look at it or if like,
Okay. All right, cool. I will honestly take a look for. That's awesome. That's awesome.
Well, that's, that's pretty neat. No years ago. Gosh, this was probably over a decade now. I did like a little small one about life with kids and things like that when my girls were younger, but I only did a couple of those and didn't stay with it too long. I wish I had it was kind of fun. But no, so yeah.
definitely. The only
sense.
deal
that is the exception to the rule, definitely. Well,
definitely, definitely. Well I'm, I'm
50 myself, so we're pretty relatively close in age, so,
and
I think
I got
a, I turned 51 this year in October
Okay. And I see you have a twins hat on as well too. A big
round
of the
I, I, I know the feeling. I'm originally from New York City, but I lived in Minnesota for 11 years. I lived in Duluth. Yeah,
yeah. Yes. And the answer
to that is yes. After being there 11 years as we said, what the heck are we doing? He said we got to get
out of here and nine months later we moved. So
Well, I,
no, I thought about it after month one. Yeah,
I'm not kidding you, I
have been in the military and I had a friend from Duluth talked me into moving there, so we're like, okay, he's like, oh, it'll be great. And you had this visit during the summertime and oh my gosh! Uh, once it wasn't even into the first winter yet, I think it was just getting in the fall and was like, what the echo are you doing? Uh, you know,
we,
we
shit.
gosh. Um, believe it or not. Yeah, it was, it was in Duluth. Um, well actually it's kind of a tie. There was a one time in Duluth um, and I think it was about Posted about two ft of snow. We had gone up to Canada and then I came back, I couldn't find my car, I thought somebody stole my car, uh, turns out there was so much snow, it had completely covered in the back of the house. Uh, and then like four years ago here and I live in North Dakota now in bismarck And winters are normally really mild, but we had a crazy one And we just got dumped on, I mean an insane amount of snow I think over the course of a week, it was like four ft of snow and I'm not, I'm not exaggerating. I was outside and we couldn't get off our block, you know, driving conventional cars. I actually had to walk and snow up past my waist to get to a side street that they have plowed. Uh
and
that
I
actually walked through the snow because I have my boss picking me up to come to work. Uh
He
offered, no, he had a he had a, he had a four by four truck and the side streets that these were the main streets there that intersected, they plowed them, but going down the neighborhood streets, they left them alone, They were the streets of Last Resort and as a result, they didn't come to actually clean that up for a week and a half, so we were out front a shovel. Um I didn't have a snowblower at that time, but ended up having one shortly after that. Yeah,
nope, nope, nope, it was always shoveling, you know, always have had the wife, I had the girls and, and we would go out and we would shovel and yeah, that was,
it
was
crazy. Yeah, it was,
it was.
No,
no kidding.
be
Yeah, no kid,
I wouldn't
either.
Yeah, no kidding, No kidding. Yeah, I have a buddy, he lives, um I want to say it's a lot and I think it is, is where, But
buddy of mine when I was in the military military and a guy
named Michael
Ball. Yeah. Alright. 13
years.
Yeah.
Oof.
I didn't
know.
Oh, I know. Yeah.
I I wasn't a social worker, but I worked social services, I was an eligibility worker for a total of about five years. I did that in Duluth Minnesota and then uh came here and did it for a while too. And uh no, but it was, that's a tough job man, that social worker, especially my uh my wife's sister in law, she's a social worker now and it's equally frustrating and rewarding. That's uh
license.
jesus,
Good deal, good
deal.
Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome. Now I was one of those eligibility and uh financial workers depending on what state you're in, they have a different name for it. So I was the one that, you know, established benefits for folks, got them emergency benefits and food and cash and housing and helped in a, you know, coordinating with outside agencies. So
that
was.
No,
no, no I yeah, like I said, I I make a clear distinction. I worked in social
services.
Oh yeah. No no I'm aware of that like I said mike like my white sister in law Leslie she's 12 she's in was an L. C. S. W. As well too. She works with I think the at risk youth in schools they have some of these alternative schools here and she works primarily with them and and some some of the low income community as well and people with addiction issues so it's kind of nice parallels. So uh.
around
talk about
exactly exactly or good on you for noticing that because there's a lot of folks that don't make that correlation between you know
I was
going
but
it
it is but it's
amazing.
Well
No.
Oh yeah there's that
familiarity.
that's gotta be nuts. You know I grew up in new york city and you know home
life
wasn't
I was born in the Bronx, lived there for the first nine years of my life, then we moved to Manhattan When I was nine and I lived there until I was 20 until I entered the military.
It
is and you have to go way up town literally on the where it borders uh the other high end of the Bronx, it kind of wraps around and and so you go up there and the rents were higher but they still weren't as bad anywhere near as bad as midtown or lower Manhattan where they were just obscene. You know?
Central
Park is in Manhattan and it stretches from about 59th Street in Manhattan upwards to about 125th Street or so in
Manhattan.
Similar.
It's a good
chunk.
it is. Well yeah, it kind of, it kind of starts in technically like the lower part and then just a little bit into it, it hits midtown. So
so
Well no it is more midtown but it's a combination of both. There's midtown tends to hit I think about 70 seconds or so, somewhere in that
area.
they,
it should.
Well it's one of those
things,
if
you're,
they
know
what you're talking about, The funny thing is that you know, you you grow up and you're so accustomed to it, you don't know anything else. And then once once I got out and got in the military and went to some of these other other areas, it's like wow, this is what kind of solitude and space looks like and then you kind of develop an appreciation for that and that's kind of where I met at now um
you
know, so I can
go
back
and
visit.
there, oh it is, it is and the sad thing is They have rent control, but the control essentially means that as soon as your lease is up you can increase the rent 10%. you know, I know for my grandparents it was just an uphill battle just to kind of stay afloat. Um you know, so I I just don't know how they did it when they were around, it was just crazy. Yeah.
My
mom
is
this,
No my mom is deceased, she had lupus and some other health issues. She
had,
thank you. Um she had battled addiction problems and she actually, after 30 years became clean and sober as well too. So uh we had a great relationship before she passed away, but she had some respiratory issues and um just took a turn one day for the worst. My dad lives in Houston right outside of Houston texas um and I'm kind of bumped out by this whole coronavirus thing because we usually get down there and visit, we kind of get together, him and my youngest brother lives with him as well too, so so I'm kind of missing out on those experiences during all this unfortunately.
lived in queens, she lived in queens. Yeah, she uh just kind of like you, she kinda, even though she was still in new york, do you want to get her space in the area? She lived that in queens was at the very far end of queens, literally if you took a subway it was the very last stop and so there are a lot of private homes um interspersed with apartment complexes but um it was relatively really spread out as opposed to the rest of the new york city area.
Um Not a not a huge one, I I used to watch the show quite a bit and appreciated the show. I can't say that I watched much of his stand up but I did like the show. Uh So
that was
it
is,
I think it
was I think
it was Brooklyn I think it was.
it's true. It
is true
though
we're
oh gosh. Yeah. Yeah I know with those reruns it seems like they can make money in perpetuity you know it's just it's incredible
the residual.
Oh
uh you know what? I my my daughter and my son in law snuck me out for uh early morning and afternoon of meals and drinks and I was like okay and I thought oh go back home and we'll go out and do something or whatever. Um and my wife had planned a 50th surprise birthday party for me and she had brought in some co workers from a previous job I hadn't seen and all my good friends and family and it was an incredible surprise. So I had a I had a big party for my 50th. Uh The plan had originally been to take a cruise somewhere but then we I wanted to take it with my aunt who was very close in age to me uh and her daughter, but then things just didn't kind of coordinate well as far as the timing and getting time off and everything. So that's why I opted out of it. But, but yeah, no, I had a great time though.
total
surprise.
Not,
not even, not even one of my, one of my boyfriend's family friends had kind of, she made an oops and kind of made reference to it, but she's, she's a sweet lady, but she's a little flighty. So I just thought like what in the world is she talking about and that it didn't didn't clue in on it as the, that it was an actual party.
I've
had to, I am, we have,
well
the other, the other one wasn't all just mine, the other one was, believe it or not, a surprise belated wedding reception. If you can believe that
my
wife and I, my wife and I had had eloped and by the time we got back to new york to visit, my family was two years later. So we're going out and my aunt takes us on this extravagant lunch. I mean it's this high end buffet at the Waldorf Astoria and
yeah and we're just loaded up on food and then we go over the cousin's house and we're just dead tired. We want to go back to the place to just relax a little bit, she won't let us leave. And then finally we get to the point we're about to take a taxi. She's like oh no no have somebody drive you back to grandma's place um That she leads us this roundabout way under some buildings through a tunnel like what the hell is she doing? Comes out into this basement area, that's
it's
no problem.
it comes
it comes into like basically it's a big open room that they rent out for parties and events and everyone yells surprise, I'm like what the hell? And then after being stunned for like two minutes we were told it was a belated wedding reception and they've got I mean everywhere, and so I mean we're already full and my wife thought she was gonna be cute, you think oh my God I can't eat anything else, you've been feeding us all day. So we got cousins and aunts and uncles and all sorts of family and same thing folks I hadn't seen in years and everybody was there and the place was packed uh and we ended up that thing went on to like three in the morning, so we were properly exhausted, I think that was about 7:30 when the thing kicked off, so it was like, Oh my God. Mhm.
please. Well,
It's exactly, exactly. Mm.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah,
I was gonna
say
that,
but
No, no, they just said a minimum. They and they actually
said
Yeah.
No,
no,
I that's
that kind of me too. But I know this has been it was fun, Does I? I really enjoyed this. So
I
stood
there.
but
I
like,
yeah, but it's but this is we're heading to dead word right now actually. So
Hey
there, thank
you.
A pleasure meeting you too. This was a lot of fun to take care. All
bye
bye.
that's
I
yeah, I believe so. I believe so.
I believe
so.
I know that's what I was. I was looking for a lot of the surveys. I do. They do have one there too. So, uh, so
why
you
while
you're home?
no,
no.
Oh, gosh. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. By far. Uh huh.
No,
it's not. It's this has definitely been enjoyable. It really
has
you to take care
of them.