Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. It Mhm Yes. Why? Mhm Uh huh Thank you. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm Mhm Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Mhm Uh huh, mm Mhm mm Mhm
Hi, how are you doing?
Can you hear me okay?
Yeah, I just ask you how you're doing. I just asked you how you were doing, that's all.
Yeah, I can, I can hear you fine,
nope, your crystal, your crystal clear to me.
And my name is Darren.
You too. Wayne. You can you can call me dad's if you want to. Also because dad is my english name. Yeah, I have a I have a friend that I made on facebook that is lives in England and when I gave my name, he said I'm going to call you dad because that's what Baron means in in England. So I said
that's
fine so he can't stop calling me dad as he likes to ask. So you gotta find out, you've got to find out what your name is in England to, you might
have a cool name.
yeah, I'm not, I'm not british at all. That's just that's what they called, Their that's
what they call
Darren
over
there. Yeah,
yeah, we met,
we met
in a we met in a JFK assassination site on facebook because we
we just, yeah, there's a group on facebook while there's actually many groups on facebook where they discussed the JFK assassination on both sides.
So
I spent
a lot of
time.
so you you're you're a uh, you're interested in the
assassination as well, at least on a minimum basis.
Yeah, he was a pretty impressive guy.
See
there?
Oh, I, I do a lot of stuff online. You know, I've been doing a lot of these studies, I'm not working right now. Um so I've been just, I'm a writer, so I have a blog that I keep up with and my girlfriend right now is working. She works at the news office for the Caucus city newspaper. And uh so I just uh I pretty much keep busy every day doing something. So what about what about you?
Well,
Um Yes. Have you ever heard a Wordpress? Wordpress dot com? Yeah. Just go to Wordpress dot com and then my blog is called Life changes.
I think you'll find a few interesting. I also have two other blogs that you can also see if you want to go further. I've been doing blogging since 2012 so I kind of changed, I changed up my blog. There were a few years to has my interest change, you know? Mr
now I'm trying to get a job with one of the local papers around my area. Um I sent an email in last sunday and a lady called or emailed me back and said if you're interested which of course that's why I was applying for the job but
I would
be interested if I was not you know I went to an email if I wasn't interested You know I used to think I used to have been I'm 53 years old almost 54 and I've been preaching my whole life. There's not there's there's never a stupid question but I just found it last week. Yeah there are
stupid questions.
Well that's that's just one but I mean you know I always always said the stupid question is not the one that's asked. You don't ask the question that's being stupid because you always if you if you don't know something ask don't act like you know it, you
Hi,
Are
you 51
this
year?
I'm august birthday,
I'm
from
I'm I'm originally from Minnesota, but now I live down in the south southwest area, I got I got tired of the winters up and uh I lived most of my life in Illinois because uh my dad, my dad got a promotion when we lived in Minnesota down to Illinois and that's why we we moved down there, right, I had my three best friends that I've never had a duplication of those three best friends. Um Since then I really it really was sad for me to move at that time, I was only six or seven and it was it was tough, you know, I really never made friends like that again because I just I guess I was afraid that we would move again, which we actually did again and I lost some friends so it didn't happen just once to me.
In Duluth? Are you crazy?
That
And
So for 11 years you didn't think about why are we here then? All of a sudden you decided
why are we here?
One?
no.
I ran,
I
ran, I ran across country meet their one time in the loop because I went to school in Wisconsin actually, I ran cross country in college and um so I went up there for a meet one time and it was in the fall and I know I know what you're talking about because it was just turning at that point in time I'm like boy this is nuts up here. You know it's just it's too far north, you know, other than Minneapolis. So I mean that was bad enough. You know what
was the worst snowfall that you can that you can remember how many inches was? Like the worst snowfall?
Did
you
did you like shovel your way through the street
or did you just walk through the snow? Yeah.
And a snow
bill.
She never had never had slow boat snowblower in blue.
It's a
good
workout.
I
remember all those snow down where I live in Oklahoma and we don't have so down here at all. I live in northern north central Oklahoma and I've been here for 20 years on and off and we get about an inch of snow and that comes in like traces of snow, you know during the three or four months, you know? But it's usually about 40° here in the wintertime and you can go outside any day of the winter. You know it's is that it should even call winter down here, It's just called fall fall plus or something, you know?
But
I hate when people say, you know it's well the weather casters down here just cracked me up because they're always forecasting snow down here and there's never snow, you know, It's like Why do you guys put the fear of God and people uh snowfalls when we don't even have snow in the state and we have to know, they say like 30 years ago before my time, but all of a sudden I guess it just dropped off since I got here, you know? But they have no idea what a real winner is. That's what my point is, you know,
go spend spend the winter in northern Illinois, Wisconsin or Minnesota. I wouldn't say Duluth, but
unless you,
unless you're
really, really a masochist then you can live in Duluth.
it's a military base.
That's
were military?
Yeah, lots,
lots lots of bad town. So yes,
yeah, it's probably the third most crime place
in, in Oklahoma. I live
in,
I live in a small town And it's, we have, we have no crime, I mean we have crime, but not like I used to live in Illinois Rockford, which is 90 miles west of Chicago and that was like a little little Chicago actually. And that's why I moved there because there was like a murder a day where I lived, you know, I just got tired of because I lived on the side of town where it's more low income and stuff because I was a social worker. And so uh every day I was worried about getting, you know, a drive by, go by and shoot me. You know, I want to try to do my job. I just I felt why why would you want to live in that kind of fear? I mean
but I did it, I did it for many years but I finally realized like you did in the Duluth it's time to go somewhere else. Mhm.
Yeah I was actually uh I was actually an L. C. S. W. A. Licensed clinical social
worker, so I was a therapist for about
about 20 years, I've retired now. But uh yeah But I work with mostly offenders. I work with mostly people with addictions because I've been sober 25 years myself.
And
so that's why I wanted to get back to what I was getting. So that's what I was doing,
I got you. Yeah
that
that sounds that's like that's a regular social work type job, you know not a clinic clinical social worker. But that's like a social worker. The basic job that we did when we were like case managers and stuff like that. But that's not when you're not licensed. You're not actually a social worker. You have to be licensed to be a social worker. And that that takes that takes years of supervision and testing become that. A lot of people say their social workers but they're not. They have
the license.
No,
I'm not saying you do. I'm just saying, you know, dispute for your, for your information. I'm saying
Yeah. I did. I did some network to I was a therapist for the school district for at risk families. I call them families because the whole family is at risk, not just the kids. So you have to work a lot. When I first got there I was the first therapist in the office for the town. I was hard moore Oklahoma is about three hours north or south of here. It's on the texas border and they they case managers were seeing the kids, but they were never dealing with the families and on top of that. And so
I want my experiments was as their therapist was they had I did family work, not just kid work. So
because the kid gets most of their uh knowledge as you know, as we are parents from their parents. So if we don't change the parents knowledge and their style, then the kids are going to change.
Oh no, it's
it's
such a it's such an obvious correlation. I mean, you say
yourself,
I mean
I
knew I
knew that correlation from my own personal life growing up, I knew what the correlation was and that's why my first, my first job in the field was working with kids that were from the Chicago area that had been pulled out their houses for extreme abuse and neglect. And these kids were acting out and they were acting out the same way their parents did for them to leave the home. And so that's where I developed that, you know, that knowledge and experience because
those kids were tough to work with because here they are, pulled from their homes. They don't want they don't want those their parents, even though they're abusive, neglectful. They didn't want me with a group home. 11 guys, 11 kids, they don't know and 10 staff, they're teaching, teaching to them, you know, they wanted to be back back in the home. That's crazy. They want to be back there, you know?
So they
didn't they didn't like us at first until they got to know us, realize we're trying to help you get back enormous e you know? So but it is a long process, tough, tough, tough job. My toughest job I ever had. Mm.
What
which
which borough?
how did you guys afford Manhattan? Manhattan? To me, it sounds like it seems like it's so
pricey.
so we're as Central Park. Is that lower mid Manhattan?
Sorry?
So
I submit.
Is the midsection,
then, isn't
it? It's the midsection. Mid Manhattan. Yeah.
Oh, so it's more
lower than its more lower Manhattan.
I don't
I don't know the streets, I don't know the streets. I I just
I went to a wedding back in 88 of my cousin in in in New York. And then my brother and I before we uh flew back to our places where we lived, we got we went to Grand Central Station and then walked from there down to, down, through or down by Central Park to Metropolitan, uh, Contemporary Art Museum, I think it was. And we saw john Lennon's, uh, you know, moral there on the sidewalk
because he was a Big Beatles fan. And you know, uh, we didn't go through Times Square, nothing, you know, I don't believe. But yeah, we just walked for about an hour or two and then we just walked back. That's, that was my only experience with new york city ever. I'm kind of scared of that city. I'm kind of scared that city because, you know, again, I don't like a lot of people, you know, that many people living on each other and on top of each other. I just, I don't get how people do that. I just don't, I could, I couldn't do it, you know?
I
need my
space,
you know? You live in North Dakota, So, you know what I'm talking about now? I mean that's
nothing
like the Bronx.
So
I know exactly.
That's
how
people
survive
abusive homes because they just, they just, you know, but what I'm saying is if you give me a choice right now to live in new york city or live where I'm at, I would pick where I'm at because again, the people the crime, you know the expense. I mean, I don't know how you people pay rent in there, you know? Unbelievable rents. I mean, it just blows my mind how people can pay that much and how landlords would actually charge that much. To me. It's just criminal.
So where does your, what does your, if you don't mind, where's your mom, mom and dad lived now uh
and everything
to go back
in new
york?
Sorry to hear
that.
Yeah, I got to say your mom when she passed, was she living in new york city? Yeah.
Oh, that's nice to know. Are you uh are you a jerry jerry jerry Seinfeld fan at all?
Well, he just did a show,
he just did a show in new york again, just it's on netflix right now, and it's very good. I mean, he's his mind is just like my mind how he thinks about things, and yeah, it's like he said, like for example, he said, why do we still have messages on our voicemail to say, please wait until you hear the tone to leave your message and you know, this kind of stuff. So, you know, it's like we we know we're gonna have a message, you know, and we don't have you don't have to be told that you leave your name and number. I mean we know what we do when when the tone goes, you know that kind of stuff. Just he just takes you know, basic stuff that we deal with on a daily basis and just makes it it's so funny because that's what he doesn't show too. But because you know, you want those things but they really do irritate you at times and you think about those things when they're happening but you think, well this is you know, this is a big deal but still this is kind of crazy, you know, but
you just go on,
you know, But so I I really enjoyed I mean that's the first time I actually saw on him do a standup comedy show I've seen is when you know, back in this Early 70s when he did the work when you started out, um he came from Brooklyn, right? Or queens,
you don't
know.
Yeah, his dad owned a some kind of retail store and um, yeah, he uh he worked hard to get into the business. He did a lot of stuff. Um, you know, in in the different areas in new york to trade on the different clubs and stuff to get to get exposure and stuff. And at first he wasn't even, he was totally scared about doing any of that stuff. He didn't, you know, I didn't think I could do it, but not look at him. He's, you know, he's like, he was like another joke he made was he says, yeah, you guys are all here, you know, that's cool and everything. You bought the ticket and everything and uh but you know, I got so much money. I don't I don't need to be here, you know, and I don't need to do one of these another one of these shows, you know? I got I can't do anything right now, but I'm here, you know, because I enjoy this stuff, but you know.
because he
did
you know that Seinfeld
show like just like Friends, they just make money, you know, and Forever Crazy.
That's that's
where I was looking for. Okay,
So you do anything special on your 50th birthday, like take a hot air balloon or a bunch of jumping or something?
So, was it actually it was actually a surprise to you because
they
didn't you had no idea it was happening. I mean, not even a hint of hint of
anything.
I've never had a surprise party thrown for me in my whole life. We threw one for my mom when she turned 50, And she's 78 now, and she hated it, that we did that. And like, she's like, why did you do this? D you know, because I'm the one that planned it, you know, I thought it was something that she would enjoy, but she was like, pissed that I threw it, you know, I don't like surprise parties. Why'd you throw me a surprise party? I'm like, no, I didn't know. You could never had a surprise party before. How would I know that?
Thank you.
now you're dying just showing off,
go
for your
wedding.
no,
well,
all right, thank you. Technical difficulty. My cat, my one of my cats, uh I wanted to get my attention, so sorry about that. So
you're leading he's leading you through these underground tunnels. Come
on.
Yeah, I remember the night that I got married the first time. I'm sorry, I'm not like you um and keeping my marriage lasting, but uh that's part of my sobriety story though, but that's another story, but but the thing is that you remember when you know um I was, you know, of course I was a drinker then, because I was drinking. So we had we had we had alcohol in the in the hotel room before I went to the church, we had to we had alcohol in the limousine, you know, So I was drinking like from, you know from before the wedding and after the wedding of course, but remember, I mean, I didn't I was a big dancer back then, I was thinking I was actually won a dance contest one time and I was actually drunk.
Yeah, I had pretty good feet when I was drunk. But uh, that night I remember going about sneaking, you know, we're going to have to have, you know what tonight to make this, you know? You know what? So, but we got back to the hotel room, I mean, and we just fell asleep and we just sat down and we laid back and then we just conked out. There was not going to, you know what, that night?
Consummated the marriage. Now that we didn't that maybe that was the problem. We didn't do it that first night. So
Hey, well, we're over the time. I'm not sure what
they,
what
they
do to us,
what they do to us. If we go over the time, they might not pass. I don't know what they're gonna do. They didn't mention that instructions. If you, if you go past 25 minutes, you blow up or something. I mean did you get anything like that? What we're supposed to do if we go over 25 minutes I mean
minimum,
it said minimum. Okay. I
didn't remember that word. I bet it's not a word I use. I usually use my dick in my vocabulary.
I always
go by I always go above and beyond things that are expected.
I don't
hey you remember my english name, remember
figure
out what your english
name is. You know that the real english name that they used in England, you know? Yeah.
Do you
want
to cut it off then? Yeah.
Okay well you guys have a great trip and
it
meeting
you wayne.
You too? Hey
where
do we go? Wait what were you? Hang up? What do we do now? I mean uh
we
close out this window and then go back to the survey. Is that what we do or?
they
should have instructions
on the screen right now, so.
Is this
your
first
video
chat by the way? Is this your first video chat survey? I mean,
study all you've done
before.
Oh, so this was the best one you've done the right,
So it's not gonna be forgettable. Right,
Mom.
You take
care of yourself. I wish you the best
man.
You're beautiful. You're beautiful bride.