SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, hold on. I'll be right with you or your high.
SPEAKER_R: Hello there.
SPEAKER_L: Hi there, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. I'm Kyle.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Kyle, My name is lisa
SPEAKER_R: Yes sir. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: to me. Yeah. So your real big on my screen and I'm real small that how it's supposed to be.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so it looks like, yeah, you're being on my screen too.
SPEAKER_L: Let's see the wind. I see you got wind behind you. You have storms coming? We were expecting of storms tonight.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, we have storms right now. I'm out in the northeast and new york so yeah, we have a big storm coming. What about Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's probably part of the same system maybe. Maybe. Oh
SPEAKER_R: that's so cool. Um This is my first uh prolific. I'm guessing you're using prolific. That's cool. Yeah, I just signed up like a week and a half ago, I think it's just been entertaining the deal. But this is my first video talk with that. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, that was my, I guess I've done um, kind of more formal things like they were, um, maybe that was user testing. I get them confused. I do a bunch of different things. I've done some where they were, um, maybe creating an app, you know, developing an app. And I talked to somebody face to face while they took me through a prototype, that kind of thing. But the first time I've done this, I was signed up to do one about a month ago and I forgot entirely about it. And uh and then I saw my sister and she had done it and she I asked her how would she? That was great, go ahead and do it. So I signed up and I put a little reminder in my phone, so it would remind me. And yeah, but I've been doing prolific altogether for since I retired, so two years.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And you're you're really keeping up with technology everything to like
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that's great that
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you're familiar
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: with everything.
SPEAKER_L: I love the flexibility of it. I love being able to work when I want and, and uh, you know, most of the surveys aren't scheduled, so um I don't always sleep well, so I sometimes get up in the middle of the night and look for things to do um like this one and I do user testing and um I have some other ones that just, you know, don't really pay anything to make it worth giving attention to. And then I also do transcription with rev oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: .com. I've been doing that for a little over two years. That's really my primary income actually. Is that um I do that maybe 20 hours a week.
SPEAKER_R: I just did a respondent, I don't know if you know about that website
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: But it respondent.com but it was just a testing of an app and it paid really well. I think it was 150 for the hour. And we just we just, yeah, it was, it was crazy and we just talked through an application.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: said that.
SPEAKER_L: have to do a screening and kind of get into their system for how that works, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I've applied to 40 of those skies and really gone one hit so far on it, but no, it was it was really easy. It's fun that people are really fun to talk to and I have down time right now, so I just, I enjoy doing these little things, keep you busy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. There's lots of opportunities out there. And and so I retired young. I retired at 59
SPEAKER_R: That's great.
SPEAKER_L: And um you know, needed to still have income. So I actually have a real job too. I have a 15 hour a week job as an admin assistant. Um And I've been working from home for the last three months. We just went back to work last Wednesday, back to our office and and my boss's husband was tested for covid. So we had this whole conversation about the possibility of going right back home again. Um, and anticipating we probably will in the fall anyway. But that work, you know, this, that works nicely for me. I can kind of do that when I want to. And um, so you always were for things to keep me a little bit occupied. I do a lot of volunteer stuff as well. So
SPEAKER_R: That's great. What do you do when
SPEAKER_L: while
SPEAKER_R: you uh you retired from?
SPEAKER_L: My full time work for, for 25 years was I was a Minister United Methodist minister. Yeah. And I, uh, I was just at the stage where I would have had to move to a new church. It was my fifth move and I just knew I didn't have it in me. Starting over again is a lot of hard work for 3-5 years and I knew I didn't have that level of pushing myself to do it one more time, so happily I had the required number of years in um and I knew I had skills to do other stuff. Um I and I'm so grateful now actually, given everything that's happening in the world, I'm glad I'm not doing leadership in the church right now, I have many friends who are doing it and it's really challenging on a kind of level, so, but I love I love the work while I did it. um
SPEAKER_R: that's great.
SPEAKER_L: I really did,
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: I had five different churches over 25 years and Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: My brother, he works at a church, he's a organist, pianist and organist. So he does that while he gets his PhD right now in piano. But yeah, him and his significant other, they both play piano organ
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: at different churches.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I play piano at a very small country church friend line is the pastor there and they needed somebody and and so I did it, I was supposed to do it for a month and I've been there for a year and a half, so it's fun. It doesn't pay very much but it's fun and it keeps you involved and uh uh yeah, so, so are you a student when you're not
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: uh no I actually graduated two years ago so
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I have a full time job actually on vacation right now for the last week and a half. So I have another two days of vacation.
SPEAKER_L: staycation.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I mean I was supposed to be in Ireland right now unfortunate with my family but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: with everything going on we had to cancel that unfortunately but
SPEAKER_L: How would that have been your first trip to Ireland?
SPEAKER_R: that would have been our first trip to Ireland as a family and where I'm a Murphy so we're all irish.
SPEAKER_L: We're cool.
SPEAKER_R: Um So I mean we would have been in Ireland right now and I have been a really nice trip but there's always next year sale but
SPEAKER_L: Northern Ireland for a year, I went to school at a small methodist college in Belfast For the school year, so like September through June and then my husband and I went back for a 16 day, 16 day trip when we got married for our honeymoon and you know by then I made lots of friends and so it's a place we think about going back to, but I don't know if that will happen at this stage of our life, but yeah, it's an amazing place, an amazing people so
SPEAKER_R: absolutely but it did kind of work out for us not going there right now, it's a completely thunderstorm and rainy and we had a whole lot of outdoor activities so
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: maybe.
SPEAKER_L: tell you something is fabulous over there because it stays late, it's light so late and the weather is just amazing and yeah. Uh huh. And not much that you can do here either. I know
SPEAKER_R: Now
SPEAKER_L: we had a beach that we cancelled and we have a trip to Tennessee in september we're probably going to cancel and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that was my parents, they were there like looking at retiring and where they're going to end up and they were going to go to Tennessee um But instead they just chose to this week there in Vermont right now just traveling around there
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean it's I would still rather than stay home right now but they needed to get out of the house, you know everyone's been cooped up for a few months since
SPEAKER_L: From from
SPEAKER_R: for them to get out.
SPEAKER_L: two.
SPEAKER_R: They're saying by a lake right now it's just there's chilling out there so that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So does that mean you have the house to yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I actually I live I live away from home so
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I work full time in new york city. Um But I do have one roommate. Um But I live in Brooklyn new york.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And what do you do in new york?
SPEAKER_R: so I do consulting. So I work for big banks and I helped
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: them um with a whole bunch of different things like strategy, getting new customers. Um I do a lot of teaching for last year. So last year I've been helping teach people about regulations and the government.
SPEAKER_L: you're okay.
SPEAKER_R: So I teach their employees about different things.
SPEAKER_L: Is it work that will like
SPEAKER_R: it's uh it's getting closer and closer to the work. I like I'll say that um I like the flexibility and I'm able to work from home the rest of the year now so that's really nice.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um I like the people I work with that's what makes an amazing and the day to day I got to be really creative. I think as I get more senior I've been there for two years they start asking more complicated questions that I'm really interested in solving. And I'm a big
SPEAKER_L: fact.
SPEAKER_R: problem solver type person. So I think I'm getting there in my career to like starting to enjoy but it's an entry level position. I'm still there just for my second year and I like it.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So you so you could see yourself doing this for a while?
SPEAKER_R: I think I'll get burned out one day. The hours do get a little rough especially when you're working in person. You know you're there from 8:30 a.m. Eight A. M. So like nine p.m. My first my
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: first
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: four
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: months in the job I was there at eight a.m. And I left at one a.m. Every day for
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: like four months and that was not healthy. Um.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's that's like because there you are in new york city and you don't have time to enjoy it. Huh.
SPEAKER_R: No that's not, yeah you can't even go out and have fun, I can see your friends when you're working every day. Um And that's that's the hard part. But I think I've definitely become a better manager of my own time and taking on one of my work is just helping my company be better. So we take on like individual projects, like little homework assignments basically. Um So I've been a lot more diligent what I accept and who I say I'm going to help with, but it's starting to feel a lot more fulfilling than when I just started. But again I'm just starting out and I don't have that expertise to help people yet. I'm sure it's that in every role and maybe
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: even felt that when you first started your career you couldn't help people as much as you can help people now. So you said you're with the churches and administer capacity for I think he's over 25 years.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 25.5 years total when I retired. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Did you start your career there? Did you start other places before moving there?
SPEAKER_L: show that was was a really a secretary
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: for um I know seven years at this company and uh I I was offered a promotion to sales and I Did that. Thinking that was something I like I hated. It, couldn't go back to my old job and it really put me across the road, I was like 26, years old. I was really the crossroads, what do I want to do with my life? And I took another secretarial position so I could go to school, you know, start college and kind of figure out what I want to do. And in the midst of that it was a really lot of turmoil because I had really grown up at the place that I worked and leaving. There was very difficult and long turmoil. Um, and I figured out I had a call to the ministry and that it was kind of there all the time and I, I didn't see it. Uh, so then I just really put the pedal to the metal and went to school. I worked really hard, two years of community college, two years of undergraduate than seminary. And by the time I entered ministry, I was 20, years old. I want to make my first appointment. So I wasn't a kid by any means. Um, and I just love, I do, I love the church. I think it's a, one of the best hopes for the world that the church is an institution churches, people like I said right now is a really challenging time. It was challenging anyway to be in the church, But now things look very different. So, um, I met my husband while I was at my very first appointment. And so we've been married 25 years and uh, we adopted two Children and they're both grown. Um, and now we're at this other phase of life which were really enjoying, we're in a 55 plus community, uh,
SPEAKER_R: that's great
SPEAKER_L: were the youngest ones here. My husband had officially has the baby bottle that declares
SPEAKER_R: shit,
SPEAKER_L: him alarmist residents.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but we, we, I said to my husband recently, cause we've been during, when the lockdown happened, there's a nursing home as part of our facility. And it's a big, we're on like word acres, There's a nursing home.
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: So although it's a separate building, the lockdown here was very strict because
SPEAKER_R: thank you mentioned.
SPEAKER_L: in Pennsylvania really got hit hard and you have to be three months. I said to my husband, I'm really getting tired of being around old people because our best friends here are in their 90s. Um, and and there's lots of people, you know, so we're 1661 and then there are people over 100 you know, and there's it's a big range, but we're all old, you know, and because we can't see our other friends and do other things, I just, I'm really tired of being around old people, but it's a lots of opportunities. You know, we both have done all kinds of volunteer stuff here, lots of before the shutdown, lots of social things, you know, library meetings and movie nights and just all kinds of stuff and all of that got shut off. So it's been difficult, has been, I've been playing cards every day for over 100 days. Um, and we finally were allowed to have visitors. So my sister and her friend came. And what do we do? We played cards.
SPEAKER_R: Are your Children able to visit
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: as well?
SPEAKER_L: they haven't, I mean we haven't been allowed to have visitors. Um You know, for people like widows, someone could bring them their groceries but not bring them in. Someone from the staff had to bring it in or they would grocery shop for us. They asked us to cancel doctor's appointment. It was very very strict. And and so I mean I I put everything off so I just went through the orthopedic uh colonoscopy. I was at the podiatrist today. I go to the dentist next week. You know it's just on kind of catching up all that stuff. So they were it was really quite strict. Um my husband has a very complex medical history, so I said to him, you're not cancelling your doctor's appointments. I made him go to all that. His leukemia, diabetes and thyroid and b. 12. It's just got a lot of stuff and I said we're not you know he's got appointments at least monthly. I said we're not missing. So when he had a doctor's appointment would go to the doctor and get something to eat and
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: knock
SPEAKER_L: was a pretty
SPEAKER_R: it all out?
SPEAKER_L: go out to go out. Yeah so um that's been hard but so now we can we can see family. So we were at my daughter's last week. My son doesn't live close enough to make it an easy vivid. Um So we haven't seen the much talked on the phone a lot. My extended family did zoom with some zoom meetings twice a week that for about six weeks. And that was fun. And I really miss my extended family have two brothers, two sisters, lots of nieces and nephews. And I was really hoping we'd be together for the fourth but half the family went to the beach and so it may be labor day until we are physically together. But that's what I have missed the most is seeing my extended family because we just have fun when we're together and we have my husband and I have a cottage, a summer cottage. Typically we would open that in about mid april or early May and we just got it open in the middle of june and we've only been there once and you know so I don't you know we're kind of at the stage we're trying to figure out if we're gonna keep that or sell it or what we're going to do with that. But it's a nice place to be able to get away too and now that it's ready to go, we hope to do some of that
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: on the other.
SPEAKER_R: my grandparents had a had a summer cottage uh by lake placid upstate in new york. Um but we that was in the family
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: for like 25 years and as
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: always I never going to got to go because I was always the youngest grandson. But that was one thing we always say is we always not like regret getting rid of it, but if it's something that brought obviously there is that monetary part of it, but like it brought our family so much joy and connectedness and togetherness, having that common place that you can always go to and like build your family roots out. I wish we still had it. Um Because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: then we just passed that area this week, I went upstate to go camping with a few friends um and we just passed was like I wish we still had that because such such fun childhood memories of it being there with the grandparents and my parents like um I'm sure you also have met those memories to your cabin and.
SPEAKER_L: Well our kids hated it. Well our daughter hanging it because she's married and I've offered we've already just kind of pass it on to her and she says she's not interested and I said look, you know when you have Children and no money you'll have this place to be able to go to. No, I hate it here. I don't ever want to. My son would love to take it, but he's not Uh he's 26 but he doesn't have the level of responsibility it would take to take care of it and keep after it and I just to put it in his hands frankly. So um like I said, I don't until we actually pull the trigger and try to sell up, maybe our daughter will have a change of heart, but if
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: not okay, so we went in, I think we were married four years when we bought the cottage And it's part of a camp meeting. So there's lots of 52 cottages in this in the mountain and we've got lots of friends there, but we don't have any um kind of real roots in terms of extended family who have been part of that. So it's you know, it it won't be hard for me to let it go when the time comes. I thought I thought
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I was ready this year and when we had gotten a phone call in april telling us that the waterline outsider cottage had exploded and that are because our cottage was locked, they couldn't go inside, but the inside was flooded. So that was on saturday we went up and the water had drained out. They had fixed it and it had drained out and I was like, I think it's time for us to get rid of it. Then we went up, I don't know, in late june to clean and look at the state of things and everything was fine. So now I feel like we can hang on to it for another another summer. It's just, it's just a really, it's a blessing to have it. It's my, like my husband said, if we can't go anywhere else, we can go there and get away. So Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I wish I wish I had somewhere to. Was that
SPEAKER_L: You said you went camping, Do you do much of that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh not that often, this is my first time since I was a kid I went
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: camping
SPEAKER_L: would happen.
SPEAKER_R: had to dig up my family's like 30 year old tent in our basement
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: and get that ready. But we went up and not familiar with. Uh we opened an ironic but to Mount Marcy um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Anything.
SPEAKER_R: sad area but We did a few weeks there and that was like an 11 hour hike. It was pretty pretty hard. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but we had a nice campsite uh like within 500 ft of the lake and just being able to walk to the lake and it was really nice and
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: hang
SPEAKER_L: where you
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: swim and boat? I mean has all that amenities.
SPEAKER_R: it has you can swim in it and kayak but it's definitely little shallow for a boat
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: but we saw plenty of people kayaking, we didn't do that but because there's no one renting kayaks right now with the
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: pandemic but yeah that's that's the one tricky thing is that we went there but um it was definitely weird being in a smaller town in New york city is in New york city, like there's still no indoor dining, there's nothing like that, we went to a couple of places where they have that and it was just a little that was just weird being in that environment again, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We went after yesterday after church, we went into town to for some reason and we were going to get lunch and we've been doing take out not a lot, but so take out and we were gonna go to Applebee's and I said let's just pull the trigger and eat in because take out by the time you get home just isn't as nice as it. So we ate in at Applebee's yesterday for the first time in like 100 days and you know, they had everything spread out and whatever, but we have dining service here. So we get our meals delivered to us and we get to pick and choose when we are doing that. And that's getting old because we used to be able to go to the dining room. Now it's been delivered to us for the last three months and the choices are much more limited than it was before. We had a woman, you have maybe four or five entrees. Now it's one regular entree, one vegetarian entree, that's it, One vegetable, you know, whatever, very
SPEAKER_R: that gets tired quickly,
SPEAKER_L: tiresome and I'm a pretty fussy eater. So you know my, my account has grown and I've got to spend, you got to spend the money in a certain period. So very anxious for some things to get back to something more normal. And we see little, you know little glimpses. There's a sign of the dining room that says no more than 10 people in the lobby at once. So that's and then please wear your mask please, once they open the dining room like my husband, I'll be able to eat together. But like if you're alone, you won't be able to go to another table
SPEAKER_R: Bright.
SPEAKER_L: with somebody. and yeah they I understand they've got to do what they've got to do. We've our facility is part of presbyterian senior living and there are I don't know 15 facilities Pennsylvania Delaware Maryland whatever. And I think ours was the only facility that had no covid patients or staff until this week There's one staff person with COVID and one patient, one resident of it. Uh So that being shut down like that has really helped. Um But it it just gets old, it just gets old. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we we had We have one of our, my grandmother was a nursing home uh but she passed away two years ago, but I'm just thinking of anyone and not just nursing homes, retirement communities and more insular communities that have a lot of people older age over 75. I can't imagine what that would be like to have my grandmother Who's would be 85, at that time. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And just being always worried about them and they're not getting any. Like I feel bad because I mean it's great for you because you have your husband, you have each other, but for the people that don't have anyone um that you know, you're a cocoon for three months. That's so sad. I feel so bad for those people.
SPEAKER_L: My husband is the bingo volunteer for the nursing home when I used to have bingo and he could go in and so we've got a big bin full of candy because that's the price. And the social life person at the nursing home said oh I just went in bought candy for bingo and I said how are you playing? Big? Well they sit in a chair in the doorway of their room and they play bingo by hallways. And I said well don't buy any more candy. I said we've got all this candy that's been a little march that we can give you for for the bingo. Um But things like you know things like that that I know my husband really misses. He's very social. I'm a real introvert. I haven't minded it awfully. Not when I want to see somebody. I just go out and sit in the lobby and eventually someone comes by to talk. He goes for a walk every day when he goes to the man he's gone for 25 minutes because he talks to everybody sees. And it's been it's been especially hard for him cause he's really social. Uh, they're just particular people I miss, but people in general, it hasn't bothered me to, not really the out much.
SPEAKER_R: And I wish I could ask you the question of how are you enjoying retired life? But I guess this isn't exactly the right
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: like normal retired
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: life right now.
SPEAKER_L: we first retired, we took a uh 81-month day cross country trip. It was something we talked about and um, I could never quite manage it with my vacation time. I wanted to do the one big trip. So we did, we left at the end of august and we got that right before thanksgiving. And we did, we went out along the north, came down through Utah, got on a cruise ship and went to Hawaii and then back along this, you know, this kind of the southern end and it was tremendous. It was kind of the trip of a lifetime. And then I started working at this church playing for them. I am loving it. I mean, I get to do what I want when I want to do it. I can be as busy as I want to be. Uh Just kind of who, I mean I'm not a person who would sit around a whole lot and so I can be as busy as I want to be except except you know things like violent. I was tutoring a woman in algebra who was working on her G. E. D. And right before the shutdown we had ended our relationship anyway she was on, what's it called, dialysis, She was on dialysis and so her free days were monday, Wednesday friday. So that's what we did it then. Her dialysis changed the third Tuesday, thursday saturday and I worked on Tuesdays and thursday. So we had ended our relationship and she was going to begin to take the G. D. Of course and I was I was kind of waiting for that opportunity to get a new person to work with. Not in algebra. That was just a nightmare for me to have to try to teach someone algebra because I didn't do well with it in high school. I was I really wanted to teach someone to read. That was kind of my first love to teach and so I'm hoping but I don't the place where they do, the training hasn't even opened yet so it could be a while to that opportunity comes. So I'm reading a lot. We joined a book club and that's been fun and we do book club one zoom. And so um we used to go to the Y. M. C. A. Five or six days a week and we have a social circle there, we haven't seen those people for months. So it's yeah there's just some disappointments about it. Uh but we're coping pretty well, pretty
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: nice to have that independence though and um just being able to do what you want and not have to worry about like the monetary aspect of it, you know, not have like a boss to respond to. Like That's like my parents were at the same stage right now, they're 62 and 66 67, so they're like they're ready and it's time for them to retire and my dad owns his own business, like that complicates the retiring aspect of things.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But my mom's just retired this year and he's there like they're ready and now it's like the entire life defining what does retirement mean to
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you? And
SPEAKER_L: for you, yeah, the
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: traveler
SPEAKER_R: my dad,
SPEAKER_L: is great. I mean it's good that they could do that, although it's kind of uh squashed a little bit, you know, hopefully this place will travel more freely and you can get that Iran, Ireland trip reschedule. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm hoping that maybe this time next year maybe and we'll go to Ireland and I'm sure they're going to do a bunch of trips. Maybe, maybe no cruise ships for the, for the time being for them. But yeah, I want them, they've never been to europe and I want them to go to europe so badly, so I'm going to make sure that happens for them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And you know when I retired at 59, I, although that was quite young and a few people colleagues raised their eyebrows. I just said, you know, other things I want to do while I can and having known some colleagues who either became quite debilitated young or died young quite unexpectedly, I didn't want that to be my story. I wanted to be able to do things well I could. So That was part of, you know, and financially, we've got to be careful. I mean I'll have to continue to do all these side gigs and this other stuff probably until I'm 70, but as long as I can, that's fine. It's not, I'm only doing stuff that I'm having fun at, You know, if it's a point where it's not fun, I'll just stop doing it. Um, but I just, the woman that, who is my boss now in my real job, um, I think she's 65 and they were to go see the passion play this may, of course I got canceled. And so we were back in the office last Wednesday and she said, if I haven't told you, I'm retiring next year, She said, I'm not waiting a good friend of hers, someone that I have a pastor had died very unexpectedly back in, I don't know around around christmas and she said, Tom's death has really hit me hard. And she said, I'm I'm not gonna be one of those who worked myself until I couldn't do what I want to. So she'll be retiring. I'll have a new boss next spring probably. But that's okay. You know, if it doesn't work out for me, that's fine. But that was really our our thing, my husband's um like I said, he just had a lot of medical complexities during our marriage and I've got health issues and we just wanted to be able to do. And that that trip that we went, the number of people we saw. So we went right before Labor Day. So a lot of the heavy travel traffic was down By the time we went, we saw a lot of older people, women pushing husbands and wheelchairs, men pushing wives in wheelchairs, You know, just and you found you, I found myself wondering, how can they do it? But, you know, it's their only chance, perhaps at this stage of life to do it. And I just said to my husband, I'm still glad we didn't wait any longer. It's just, you know, there is a reality to life that things happen, that you can't plan for, and you can't anticipate. So, yeah, we're just living the life the best that we can right now, so
SPEAKER_R: I'm happy
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: you guys are doing that and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I would say,
SPEAKER_R: know, we're all going to
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: overcome.
SPEAKER_L: know, don't let them work into one a.m. or all the time.
SPEAKER_R: No, no more. I've learned my boundaries and
SPEAKER_L: Good if you can learn that early on, especially if you plan on having a family and all of that, you know, being in the church, you know, I although it was demanding, it was also very flexible so to have two young kids at home worked out nicely, You know, I could go to all my kids, doctor's appointment, or therapy appointments, or school meetings. I just worked around, you know, worked around that. Um if I'd had a 9 to 5 job, I don't know, I don't know how, you know, working couple does it with kids. I honestly don't know how they do it because we had special need kids, these kids, so they had extra lots of extra things, but we had the flex and my husband wasn't at home, dad, he didn't work outside the home, so, and we barely made it, you know, some some days you want, we wondered how we made it. So um Yeah. Yeah, so it yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's a lot. That's Yeah. Yeah. I don't
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: how I'm
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: gonna I'm still too young for that. I'm not thinking about that yet. Still only 24, so still thinking still
SPEAKER_L: of time.
SPEAKER_R: got trying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My daughter is, how old would she be? She's 20 six, she's 26, and she um they're just starting thinking which they've been married for 4.5 years, they're starting thinking that every now and she finally kind of found a job that she liked. It's you know, good, she works at an urgent care center
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: and it's stable, pays well uh good benefits for when she does have a baby and they're just starting to think about that that part of their life and her husband is kind of really up in the air, doesn't know what he wants to do when he grows up and he has a good job, but it's it's a dead end job, you know? But they're just they're at that stage and it's fun just hear them think about it and try to stay hands off and not give any grandparent pressure, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: My daughter,
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: my daughter's big thing is I don't want to be an adult, I don't want to be an adult like honey that's just has
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: failed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's time
SPEAKER_L: you just
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: married
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: that's a lot more conversations is I don't want to be an adult. I get it but you know it's scary and frustrating but you know the life that they have ahead of them is really exciting to think about you know whether or not they have Children, whatever it is. You know just found life to be a real adventure and a a real blessing and a real challenge and you know. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: agreed. Well, well, it's been great talking with
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: to you too Kyle.
SPEAKER_R: really happy to meet you. I was like, what your name was? Lauren
SPEAKER_L: Least.
SPEAKER_R: lisa lisa I knew is Allah is just giving off my tongue.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I'm just glad I didn't stand you up like a I was I walked down to the lobby, I go out to the lobby and get the newspaper every day and sit outside to read it. And I was walking down to get the paper and I said I was like four o'clock this thing you know. So I called my husband and said he watches judge judy at four o'clock. I said we'll need to go to the bedroom to watch judge judy at four o'clock. And he's like, you forgot it again, didn't you? I said, well no my phone at three o'clock would have gone through. You have this thing to do. So yeah, I just, I'm glad I had the chance to do it. It was fun and
SPEAKER_R: It's fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Well hanging prolific. I don't, I uh when I first started doing it, I was doing about $30 a week. I was making Now it's about $30 every three weeks. And
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: if you have a user testing when I first started user to user testing.com. Um when I first started that I was making $100 a month with that. Uh now not now it's more like $10 a week, but uh interesting stuff. Yeah. There's some interesting stuff out there to do. And you said respondent dot com. I'm gonna go check that out. Stocks are.
SPEAKER_R: That. And I have another one for you. This one just the last two weeks I've made I've I've made probably close to 400 the last two weeks. Um well, one is so
SPEAKER_L: But is
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: all like
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: diaries
SPEAKER_L: tough?
SPEAKER_R: so some of them might take a week. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: this one takes six weeks but it's called the Scout. It's on your phone. So if you have a smartphone you can download that. Um
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: D. S. C. O. U. T. Um You apply to a lot of uh just it's similar to like responding where you're just applying to like different things that would be suitable for you. So maybe it's like your grocery shopper or you're like one of them is for me is like for running, that's one that's $200. Another one was doing something for google for $100. Um So yeah definitely download that and check that out because I've been I've been doing it for two weeks. It's been super successful with it. It's all videos on your phone so just take videos recording yourself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: on the rev dot com and that might be some of the business I'm getting is someone's in the store with their phone comparing different kinds of coffee maybe and they're videotaping it and talking about their you know, their experience of why they choose a particular coffee. And I often transcribe those kinds of things or Yeah. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. Very cool.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I hope
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how
SPEAKER_R: rest of day.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. How do we
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: get over?
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Do you know what we do,
SPEAKER_R: What was that?
SPEAKER_L: how do we get out of this, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think you just close your tab at the top. All
SPEAKER_L: Kyle, aren't
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: you? I can't.
SPEAKER_R: meeting you lisa.