Hi, hold on. I'll be right with you or your high.
Hi there, how are you?
Hi Kyle, My name is lisa
to me. Yeah. So your real big on my screen and I'm real small that how it's supposed to be.
Let's see the wind. I see you got wind behind you. You have storms coming? We were expecting of storms tonight.
It's probably part of the same system maybe. Maybe. Oh
Uh, that was my, I guess I've done um, kind of more formal things like they were, um, maybe that was user testing. I get them confused. I do a bunch of different things. I've done some where they were, um, maybe creating an app, you know, developing an app. And I talked to somebody face to face while they took me through a prototype, that kind of thing. But the first time I've done this, I was signed up to do one about a month ago and I forgot entirely about it. And uh and then I saw my sister and she had done it and she I asked her how would she? That was great, go ahead and do it. So I signed up and I put a little reminder in my phone, so it would remind me. And yeah, but I've been doing prolific altogether for since I retired, so two years.
Yeah.
Well
I'm
just
I love the flexibility of it. I love being able to work when I want and, and uh, you know, most of the surveys aren't scheduled, so um I don't always sleep well, so I sometimes get up in the middle of the night and look for things to do um like this one and I do user testing and um I have some other ones that just, you know, don't really pay anything to make it worth giving attention to. And then I also do transcription with rev oh
.com. I've been doing that for a little over two years. That's really my primary income actually. Is that um I do that maybe 20 hours a week.
No.
so
you
you
have to do a screening and kind of get into their system for how that works, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. There's lots of opportunities out there. And and so I retired young. I retired at 59
And um you know, needed to still have income. So I actually have a real job too. I have a 15 hour a week job as an admin assistant. Um And I've been working from home for the last three months. We just went back to work last Wednesday, back to our office and and my boss's husband was tested for covid. So we had this whole conversation about the possibility of going right back home again. Um, and anticipating we probably will in the fall anyway. But that work, you know, this, that works nicely for me. I can kind of do that when I want to. And um, so you always were for things to keep me a little bit occupied. I do a lot of volunteer stuff as well. So
while
My full time work for, for 25 years was I was a Minister United Methodist minister. Yeah. And I, uh, I was just at the stage where I would have had to move to a new church. It was my fifth move and I just knew I didn't have it in me. Starting over again is a lot of hard work for 3-5 years and I knew I didn't have that level of pushing myself to do it one more time, so happily I had the required number of years in um and I knew I had skills to do other stuff. Um I and I'm so grateful now actually, given everything that's happening in the world, I'm glad I'm not doing leadership in the church right now, I have many friends who are doing it and it's really challenging on a kind of level, so, but I love I love the work while I did it. um
I really did,
I had five different churches over 25 years and Yeah. Mhm.
Well,
okay, I play piano at a very small country church friend line is the pastor there and they needed somebody and and so I did it, I was supposed to do it for a month and I've been there for a year and a half, so it's fun. It doesn't pay very much but it's fun and it keeps you involved and uh uh yeah, so, so are you a student when you're not
doing
thanks.
staycation.
No.
How would that have been your first trip to Ireland?
We're cool.
Northern Ireland for a year, I went to school at a small methodist college in Belfast For the school year, so like September through June and then my husband and I went back for a 16 day, 16 day trip when we got married for our honeymoon and you know by then I made lots of friends and so it's a place we think about going back to, but I don't know if that will happen at this stage of our life, but yeah, it's an amazing place, an amazing people so
I'll
tell you something is fabulous over there because it stays late, it's light so late and the weather is just amazing and yeah. Uh huh. And not much that you can do here either. I know
we had a beach that we cancelled and we have a trip to Tennessee in september we're probably going to cancel and Yeah.
That's
what?
From from
two.
Right. So does that mean you have the house to yourself?
I'm
Okay. And what do you do in new york?
Good.
you're okay.
Is it work that will like
Okay.
fact.
Uh huh. So you so you could see yourself doing this for a while?
What
for
or
thank
Yeah that's that's like because there you are in new york city and you don't have time to enjoy it. Huh.
All
Yeah. 25.5 years total when I retired. Yeah,
show that was was a really a secretary
for um I know seven years at this company and uh I I was offered a promotion to sales and I Did that. Thinking that was something I like I hated. It, couldn't go back to my old job and it really put me across the road, I was like 26, years old. I was really the crossroads, what do I want to do with my life? And I took another secretarial position so I could go to school, you know, start college and kind of figure out what I want to do. And in the midst of that it was a really lot of turmoil because I had really grown up at the place that I worked and leaving. There was very difficult and long turmoil. Um, and I figured out I had a call to the ministry and that it was kind of there all the time and I, I didn't see it. Uh, so then I just really put the pedal to the metal and went to school. I worked really hard, two years of community college, two years of undergraduate than seminary. And by the time I entered ministry, I was 20, years old. I want to make my first appointment. So I wasn't a kid by any means. Um, and I just love, I do, I love the church. I think it's a, one of the best hopes for the world that the church is an institution churches, people like I said right now is a really challenging time. It was challenging anyway to be in the church, But now things look very different. So, um, I met my husband while I was at my very first appointment. And so we've been married 25 years and uh, we adopted two Children and they're both grown. Um, and now we're at this other phase of life which were really enjoying, we're in a 55 plus community, uh,
were the youngest ones here. My husband had officially has the baby bottle that declares
him alarmist residents.
Yeah, but we, we, I said to my husband recently, cause we've been during, when the lockdown happened, there's a nursing home as part of our facility. And it's a big, we're on like word acres, There's a nursing home.
So although it's a separate building, the lockdown here was very strict because
in Pennsylvania really got hit hard and you have to be three months. I said to my husband, I'm really getting tired of being around old people because our best friends here are in their 90s. Um, and and there's lots of people, you know, so we're 1661 and then there are people over 100 you know, and there's it's a big range, but we're all old, you know, and because we can't see our other friends and do other things, I just, I'm really tired of being around old people, but it's a lots of opportunities. You know, we both have done all kinds of volunteer stuff here, lots of before the shutdown, lots of social things, you know, library meetings and movie nights and just all kinds of stuff and all of that got shut off. So it's been difficult, has been, I've been playing cards every day for over 100 days. Um, and we finally were allowed to have visitors. So my sister and her friend came. And what do we do? We played cards.
Well
they haven't, I mean we haven't been allowed to have visitors. Um You know, for people like widows, someone could bring them their groceries but not bring them in. Someone from the staff had to bring it in or they would grocery shop for us. They asked us to cancel doctor's appointment. It was very very strict. And and so I mean I I put everything off so I just went through the orthopedic uh colonoscopy. I was at the podiatrist today. I go to the dentist next week. You know it's just on kind of catching up all that stuff. So they were it was really quite strict. Um my husband has a very complex medical history, so I said to him, you're not cancelling your doctor's appointments. I made him go to all that. His leukemia, diabetes and thyroid and b. 12. It's just got a lot of stuff and I said we're not you know he's got appointments at least monthly. I said we're not missing. So when he had a doctor's appointment would go to the doctor and get something to eat and
it
was a pretty
go out to go out. Yeah so um that's been hard but so now we can we can see family. So we were at my daughter's last week. My son doesn't live close enough to make it an easy vivid. Um So we haven't seen the much talked on the phone a lot. My extended family did zoom with some zoom meetings twice a week that for about six weeks. And that was fun. And I really miss my extended family have two brothers, two sisters, lots of nieces and nephews. And I was really hoping we'd be together for the fourth but half the family went to the beach and so it may be labor day until we are physically together. But that's what I have missed the most is seeing my extended family because we just have fun when we're together and we have my husband and I have a cottage, a summer cottage. Typically we would open that in about mid april or early May and we just got it open in the middle of june and we've only been there once and you know so I don't you know we're kind of at the stage we're trying to figure out if we're gonna keep that or sell it or what we're going to do with that. But it's a nice place to be able to get away too and now that it's ready to go, we hope to do some of that
on the other.
I'm
all
Yeah.
Well our kids hated it. Well our daughter hanging it because she's married and I've offered we've already just kind of pass it on to her and she says she's not interested and I said look, you know when you have Children and no money you'll have this place to be able to go to. No, I hate it here. I don't ever want to. My son would love to take it, but he's not Uh he's 26 but he doesn't have the level of responsibility it would take to take care of it and keep after it and I just to put it in his hands frankly. So um like I said, I don't until we actually pull the trigger and try to sell up, maybe our daughter will have a change of heart, but if
not okay, so we went in, I think we were married four years when we bought the cottage And it's part of a camp meeting. So there's lots of 52 cottages in this in the mountain and we've got lots of friends there, but we don't have any um kind of real roots in terms of extended family who have been part of that. So it's you know, it it won't be hard for me to let it go when the time comes. I thought I thought
I was ready this year and when we had gotten a phone call in april telling us that the waterline outsider cottage had exploded and that are because our cottage was locked, they couldn't go inside, but the inside was flooded. So that was on saturday we went up and the water had drained out. They had fixed it and it had drained out and I was like, I think it's time for us to get rid of it. Then we went up, I don't know, in late june to clean and look at the state of things and everything was fine. So now I feel like we can hang on to it for another another summer. It's just, it's just a really, it's a blessing to have it. It's my, like my husband said, if we can't go anywhere else, we can go there and get away. So Yeah. Yeah.
You said you went camping, Do you do much of that?
that
would happen.
Great.
Yeah. Anything.
Yeah.
Like
where you
swim and boat? I mean has all that amenities.
Look,
we
Yeah. We went after yesterday after church, we went into town to for some reason and we were going to get lunch and we've been doing take out not a lot, but so take out and we were gonna go to Applebee's and I said let's just pull the trigger and eat in because take out by the time you get home just isn't as nice as it. So we ate in at Applebee's yesterday for the first time in like 100 days and you know, they had everything spread out and whatever, but we have dining service here. So we get our meals delivered to us and we get to pick and choose when we are doing that. And that's getting old because we used to be able to go to the dining room. Now it's been delivered to us for the last three months and the choices are much more limited than it was before. We had a woman, you have maybe four or five entrees. Now it's one regular entree, one vegetarian entree, that's it, One vegetable, you know, whatever, very
tiresome and I'm a pretty fussy eater. So you know my, my account has grown and I've got to spend, you got to spend the money in a certain period. So very anxious for some things to get back to something more normal. And we see little, you know little glimpses. There's a sign of the dining room that says no more than 10 people in the lobby at once. So that's and then please wear your mask please, once they open the dining room like my husband, I'll be able to eat together. But like if you're alone, you won't be able to go to another table
with somebody. and yeah they I understand they've got to do what they've got to do. We've our facility is part of presbyterian senior living and there are I don't know 15 facilities Pennsylvania Delaware Maryland whatever. And I think ours was the only facility that had no covid patients or staff until this week There's one staff person with COVID and one patient, one resident of it. Uh So that being shut down like that has really helped. Um But it it just gets old, it just gets old. Yeah.
Okay.
My husband is the bingo volunteer for the nursing home when I used to have bingo and he could go in and so we've got a big bin full of candy because that's the price. And the social life person at the nursing home said oh I just went in bought candy for bingo and I said how are you playing? Big? Well they sit in a chair in the doorway of their room and they play bingo by hallways. And I said well don't buy any more candy. I said we've got all this candy that's been a little march that we can give you for for the bingo. Um But things like you know things like that that I know my husband really misses. He's very social. I'm a real introvert. I haven't minded it awfully. Not when I want to see somebody. I just go out and sit in the lobby and eventually someone comes by to talk. He goes for a walk every day when he goes to the man he's gone for 25 minutes because he talks to everybody sees. And it's been it's been especially hard for him cause he's really social. Uh, they're just particular people I miss, but people in general, it hasn't bothered me to, not really the out much.
Well
when
we first retired, we took a uh 81-month day cross country trip. It was something we talked about and um, I could never quite manage it with my vacation time. I wanted to do the one big trip. So we did, we left at the end of august and we got that right before thanksgiving. And we did, we went out along the north, came down through Utah, got on a cruise ship and went to Hawaii and then back along this, you know, this kind of the southern end and it was tremendous. It was kind of the trip of a lifetime. And then I started working at this church playing for them. I am loving it. I mean, I get to do what I want when I want to do it. I can be as busy as I want to be. Uh Just kind of who, I mean I'm not a person who would sit around a whole lot and so I can be as busy as I want to be except except you know things like violent. I was tutoring a woman in algebra who was working on her G. E. D. And right before the shutdown we had ended our relationship anyway she was on, what's it called, dialysis, She was on dialysis and so her free days were monday, Wednesday friday. So that's what we did it then. Her dialysis changed the third Tuesday, thursday saturday and I worked on Tuesdays and thursday. So we had ended our relationship and she was going to begin to take the G. D. Of course and I was I was kind of waiting for that opportunity to get a new person to work with. Not in algebra. That was just a nightmare for me to have to try to teach someone algebra because I didn't do well with it in high school. I was I really wanted to teach someone to read. That was kind of my first love to teach and so I'm hoping but I don't the place where they do, the training hasn't even opened yet so it could be a while to that opportunity comes. So I'm reading a lot. We joined a book club and that's been fun and we do book club one zoom. And so um we used to go to the Y. M. C. A. Five or six days a week and we have a social circle there, we haven't seen those people for months. So it's yeah there's just some disappointments about it. Uh but we're coping pretty well, pretty
well.
I
like
for you, yeah, the
traveler
is great. I mean it's good that they could do that, although it's kind of uh squashed a little bit, you know, hopefully this place will travel more freely and you can get that Iran, Ireland trip reschedule. Huh?
Yeah. And you know when I retired at 59, I, although that was quite young and a few people colleagues raised their eyebrows. I just said, you know, other things I want to do while I can and having known some colleagues who either became quite debilitated young or died young quite unexpectedly, I didn't want that to be my story. I wanted to be able to do things well I could. So That was part of, you know, and financially, we've got to be careful. I mean I'll have to continue to do all these side gigs and this other stuff probably until I'm 70, but as long as I can, that's fine. It's not, I'm only doing stuff that I'm having fun at, You know, if it's a point where it's not fun, I'll just stop doing it. Um, but I just, the woman that, who is my boss now in my real job, um, I think she's 65 and they were to go see the passion play this may, of course I got canceled. And so we were back in the office last Wednesday and she said, if I haven't told you, I'm retiring next year, She said, I'm not waiting a good friend of hers, someone that I have a pastor had died very unexpectedly back in, I don't know around around christmas and she said, Tom's death has really hit me hard. And she said, I'm I'm not gonna be one of those who worked myself until I couldn't do what I want to. So she'll be retiring. I'll have a new boss next spring probably. But that's okay. You know, if it doesn't work out for me, that's fine. But that was really our our thing, my husband's um like I said, he just had a lot of medical complexities during our marriage and I've got health issues and we just wanted to be able to do. And that that trip that we went, the number of people we saw. So we went right before Labor Day. So a lot of the heavy travel traffic was down By the time we went, we saw a lot of older people, women pushing husbands and wheelchairs, men pushing wives in wheelchairs, You know, just and you found you, I found myself wondering, how can they do it? But, you know, it's their only chance, perhaps at this stage of life to do it. And I just said to my husband, I'm still glad we didn't wait any longer. It's just, you know, there is a reality to life that things happen, that you can't plan for, and you can't anticipate. So, yeah, we're just living the life the best that we can right now, so
well,
And
I would say,
you
know, don't let them work into one a.m. or all the time.
Good if you can learn that early on, especially if you plan on having a family and all of that, you know, being in the church, you know, I although it was demanding, it was also very flexible so to have two young kids at home worked out nicely, You know, I could go to all my kids, doctor's appointment, or therapy appointments, or school meetings. I just worked around, you know, worked around that. Um if I'd had a 9 to 5 job, I don't know, I don't know how, you know, working couple does it with kids. I honestly don't know how they do it because we had special need kids, these kids, so they had extra lots of extra things, but we had the flex and my husband wasn't at home, dad, he didn't work outside the home, so, and we barely made it, you know, some some days you want, we wondered how we made it. So um Yeah. Yeah, so it yeah.
they
don't
have.
of time.
Yeah. My daughter is, how old would she be? She's 20 six, she's 26, and she um they're just starting thinking which they've been married for 4.5 years, they're starting thinking that every now and she finally kind of found a job that she liked. It's you know, good, she works at an urgent care center
and it's stable, pays well uh good benefits for when she does have a baby and they're just starting to think about that that part of their life and her husband is kind of really up in the air, doesn't know what he wants to do when he grows up and he has a good job, but it's it's a dead end job, you know? But they're just they're at that stage and it's fun just hear them think about it and try to stay hands off and not give any grandparent pressure, you know? Yeah.
My daughter,
my daughter's big thing is I don't want to be an adult, I don't want to be an adult like honey that's just has
failed.
you just
have
to
that's a lot more conversations is I don't want to be an adult. I get it but you know it's scary and frustrating but you know the life that they have ahead of them is really exciting to think about you know whether or not they have Children, whatever it is. You know just found life to be a real adventure and a a real blessing and a real challenge and you know. Yeah. Yeah.
talking
to you too Kyle.
Least.
Yeah. Well I'm just glad I didn't stand you up like a I was I walked down to the lobby, I go out to the lobby and get the newspaper every day and sit outside to read it. And I was walking down to get the paper and I said I was like four o'clock this thing you know. So I called my husband and said he watches judge judy at four o'clock. I said we'll need to go to the bedroom to watch judge judy at four o'clock. And he's like, you forgot it again, didn't you? I said, well no my phone at three o'clock would have gone through. You have this thing to do. So yeah, I just, I'm glad I had the chance to do it. It was fun and
yeah, Well hanging prolific. I don't, I uh when I first started doing it, I was doing about $30 a week. I was making Now it's about $30 every three weeks. And
if you have a user testing when I first started user to user testing.com. Um when I first started that I was making $100 a month with that. Uh now not now it's more like $10 a week, but uh interesting stuff. Yeah. There's some interesting stuff out there to do. And you said respondent dot com. I'm gonna go check that out. Stocks are.
But is
there
always
tough?
All
So,
on the rev dot com and that might be some of the business I'm getting is someone's in the store with their phone comparing different kinds of coffee maybe and they're videotaping it and talking about their you know, their experience of why they choose a particular coffee. And I often transcribe those kinds of things or Yeah. So Yeah.
Okay.
So,
I don't know how
yeah. How do we
get over?
Do you know what we do,
how do we get out of this, you know?
Kyle, aren't
you? I can't.