Hello.
Hello there.
Good. I'm Kyle.
Yes sir. Nice to meet you.
yeah, so it looks like, yeah, you're being on my screen too.
Oh yeah, we have storms right now. I'm out in the northeast and new york so yeah, we have a big storm coming. What about Yeah.
that's so cool. Um This is my first uh prolific. I'm guessing you're using prolific. That's cool. Yeah, I just signed up like a week and a half ago, I think it's just been entertaining the deal. But this is my first video talk with that. How about you?
that's awesome.
And you're you're really keeping up with technology everything to like
that's great that
you're familiar
with everything.
Yeah. Yeah.
I just did a respondent, I don't know if you know about that website
But it respondent.com but it was just a testing of an app and it paid really well. I think it was 150 for the hour. And we just we just, yeah, it was, it was crazy and we just talked through an application.
I
just
said that.
Yeah, I mean, I've applied to 40 of those skies and really gone one hit so far on it, but no, it was it was really easy. It's fun that people are really fun to talk to and I have down time right now, so I just, I enjoy doing these little things, keep you busy.
That's great.
That's great. What do you do when
you uh you retired from?
that's great.
My
My brother, he works at a church, he's a organist, pianist and organist. So he does that while he gets his PhD right now in piano. But yeah, him and his significant other, they both play piano organ
at different churches.
I
uh no I actually graduated two years ago so
I have a full time job actually on vacation right now for the last week and a half. So I have another two days of vacation.
Um Yeah I mean I was supposed to be in Ireland right now unfortunate with my family but
with everything going on we had to cancel that unfortunately but
that would have been our first trip to Ireland as a family and where I'm a Murphy so we're all irish.
Um So I mean we would have been in Ireland right now and I have been a really nice trip but there's always next year sale but
absolutely but it did kind of work out for us not going there right now, it's a completely thunderstorm and rainy and we had a whole lot of outdoor activities so
maybe.
Now
that was my parents, they were there like looking at retiring and where they're going to end up and they were going to go to Tennessee um But instead they just chose to this week there in Vermont right now just traveling around there
and
yeah I mean it's I would still rather than stay home right now but they needed to get out of the house, you know everyone's been cooped up for a few months since
for them to get out.
They're saying by a lake right now it's just there's chilling out there so that's nice.
I actually I live I live away from home so
I work full time in new york city. Um But I do have one roommate. Um But I live in Brooklyn new york.
so I do consulting. So I work for big banks and I helped
them um with a whole bunch of different things like strategy, getting new customers. Um I do a lot of teaching for last year. So last year I've been helping teach people about regulations and the government.
So I teach their employees about different things.
it's uh it's getting closer and closer to the work. I like I'll say that um I like the flexibility and I'm able to work from home the rest of the year now so that's really nice.
Um I like the people I work with that's what makes an amazing and the day to day I got to be really creative. I think as I get more senior I've been there for two years they start asking more complicated questions that I'm really interested in solving. And I'm a big
problem solver type person. So I think I'm getting there in my career to like starting to enjoy but it's an entry level position. I'm still there just for my second year and I like it.
I think I'll get burned out one day. The hours do get a little rough especially when you're working in person. You know you're there from 8:30 a.m. Eight A. M. So like nine p.m. My first my
first
four
months in the job I was there at eight a.m. And I left at one a.m. Every day for
like four months and that was not healthy. Um.
No that's not, yeah you can't even go out and have fun, I can see your friends when you're working every day. Um And that's that's the hard part. But I think I've definitely become a better manager of my own time and taking on one of my work is just helping my company be better. So we take on like individual projects, like little homework assignments basically. Um So I've been a lot more diligent what I accept and who I say I'm going to help with, but it's starting to feel a lot more fulfilling than when I just started. But again I'm just starting out and I don't have that expertise to help people yet. I'm sure it's that in every role and maybe
even felt that when you first started your career you couldn't help people as much as you can help people now. So you said you're with the churches and administer capacity for I think he's over 25 years.
Did you start your career there? Did you start other places before moving there?
Mhm.
that's great
shit,
that's awesome.
If
thank you mentioned.
Are your Children able to visit
as well?
She
knock
it all out?
My
my grandparents had a had a summer cottage uh by lake placid upstate in new york. Um but we that was in the family
for like 25 years and as
always I never going to got to go because I was always the youngest grandson. But that was one thing we always say is we always not like regret getting rid of it, but if it's something that brought obviously there is that monetary part of it, but like it brought our family so much joy and connectedness and togetherness, having that common place that you can always go to and like build your family roots out. I wish we still had it. Um Because
then we just passed that area this week, I went upstate to go camping with a few friends um and we just passed was like I wish we still had that because such such fun childhood memories of it being there with the grandparents and my parents like um I'm sure you also have met those memories to your cabin and.
Thanks.
that's
Yeah I mean I wish I wish I had somewhere to. Was that
Uh not that often, this is my first time since I was a kid I went
camping
had to dig up my family's like 30 year old tent in our basement
and get that ready. But we went up and not familiar with. Uh we opened an ironic but to Mount Marcy um
sad area but We did a few weeks there and that was like an 11 hour hike. It was pretty pretty hard. Yeah
but we had a nice campsite uh like within 500 ft of the lake and just being able to walk to the lake and it was really nice and
hang
up
it has you can swim in it and kayak but it's definitely little shallow for a boat
but we saw plenty of people kayaking, we didn't do that but because there's no one renting kayaks right now with the
pandemic but yeah that's that's the one tricky thing is that we went there but um it was definitely weird being in a smaller town in New york city is in New york city, like there's still no indoor dining, there's nothing like that, we went to a couple of places where they have that and it was just a little that was just weird being in that environment again, but.
that gets tired quickly,
Bright.
we we had We have one of our, my grandmother was a nursing home uh but she passed away two years ago, but I'm just thinking of anyone and not just nursing homes, retirement communities and more insular communities that have a lot of people older age over 75. I can't imagine what that would be like to have my grandmother Who's would be 85, at that time. Um
And just being always worried about them and they're not getting any. Like I feel bad because I mean it's great for you because you have your husband, you have each other, but for the people that don't have anyone um that you know, you're a cocoon for three months. That's so sad. I feel so bad for those people.
And I wish I could ask you the question of how are you enjoying retired life? But I guess this isn't exactly the right
like normal retired
life right now.
It's
nice to have that independence though and um just being able to do what you want and not have to worry about like the monetary aspect of it, you know, not have like a boss to respond to. Like That's like my parents were at the same stage right now, they're 62 and 66 67, so they're like they're ready and it's time for them to retire and my dad owns his own business, like that complicates the retiring aspect of things.
But my mom's just retired this year and he's there like they're ready and now it's like the entire life defining what does retirement mean to
you? And
because
my dad,
Yeah, I'm hoping that maybe this time next year maybe and we'll go to Ireland and I'm sure they're going to do a bunch of trips. Maybe, maybe no cruise ships for the, for the time being for them. But yeah, I want them, they've never been to europe and I want them to go to europe so badly, so I'm going to make sure that happens for them.
I'm happy
you guys are doing that and
you
know, we're all going to
overcome.
No, no more. I've learned my boundaries and
That's a lot. That's Yeah. Yeah. I don't
know
how I'm
gonna I'm still too young for that. I'm not thinking about that yet. Still only 24, so still thinking still
got trying.
That's good.
Very
true.
Sorry?
Yeah, it's time
you're
married
now.
agreed. Well, well, it's been great talking with
you
really happy to meet you. I was like, what your name was? Lauren
lisa lisa I knew is Allah is just giving off my tongue.
It's fun. Yeah.
interesting.
That. And I have another one for you. This one just the last two weeks I've made I've I've made probably close to 400 the last two weeks. Um well, one is so
they're
all like
diaries
so some of them might take a week. So
this one takes six weeks but it's called the Scout. It's on your phone. So if you have a smartphone you can download that. Um
D. S. C. O. U. T. Um You apply to a lot of uh just it's similar to like responding where you're just applying to like different things that would be suitable for you. So maybe it's like your grocery shopper or you're like one of them is for me is like for running, that's one that's $200. Another one was doing something for google for $100. Um So yeah definitely download that and check that out because I've been I've been doing it for two weeks. It's been super successful with it. It's all videos on your phone so just take videos recording yourself. Yeah.
That's interesting. Very cool.
Well, I hope
you have
rest of day.
Thank
you.
What was that?
I think you just close your tab at the top. All
Bye.
meeting you lisa.