SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hear you. Can you hear me? Well,
SPEAKER_L: I am. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I accidentally clicked the next arrow even though it says not to and
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: uh, I was like panicking and then I found the link on the message at the prolific,
SPEAKER_L: and you know, most of it's kind of bullshit anyway, because I, the first one of these I did, I we got disconnected and I just went back and it was all fine. So I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I'm Kenny by the way. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: anyone. I'm alan
SPEAKER_R: Alan, nice to meet you. So,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: from?
SPEAKER_L: I am from Chicago or I'm living in Chicago. What about you,
SPEAKER_R: I'm living in Dallas.
SPEAKER_L: Dallas? Excellent. It's warmer there probably even than it is here. Is that right? You guys in the middle of?
SPEAKER_R: it's a 94 today, I think. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: that we were um I'm just gonna set the timer so that I remember both, so we remember both to stop the conversation and to make sure it doesn't end too quickly. It's 25 minutes. Right, awesome. Um So are you
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: born and raised in Dallas, or?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from a coal, so Oklahoma
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And you just, the wind blew south or how did you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: uh enough analysis?
SPEAKER_R: all right, So it's actually kind of a funny story. Um, so I lived in Tulsa and the two suburbs on either side of it, like all the way up until I was 18 and then I belled out and went to Northwest Arkansas and then I was like ping pong and back and forth to Tulsa and Northwest Arkansas
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: ended up getting married to this girl and she was like, okay, just pretty a terrible person. Like I found out she was like highly like highly racist and she got violent, she's like assault me and like you can't hit her back as you go to jail or uh but
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: you don't want to hurt her. So I ended up bailing on her, We got into an argument and I talked her into going to a hotel and staying on for a while. Well then I was on the internet and I went in this chat room and I met this girl and uh it's about this music festival up in Illinois. Well I managed to get a ride playing with somebody else and I've been talking to that girl in the chat room. Well my wife was staying in the hotel.
SPEAKER_L: Nothing
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: in particular.
SPEAKER_R: my ride canceled the day before I was supposed to leave and so she talked to friends and then coming up 150 miles out of their way and picking me up and we went to that music festival together. And then I went home with her. But I lost pretty much all my stuff when that happened. Well then we moved to Tulsa like four months later and she got pregnant. And then I've been in Dallas every since I came back to doubt.
SPEAKER_L: And is your wife still, are you at the hotel or like she, did you ever get, did you ever get your wife out of the hotel or is she still in the hotel?
SPEAKER_R: no, she moved back into the house when she found out that I wasn't coming
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: money
SPEAKER_R: from the
SPEAKER_L: back.
SPEAKER_R: festival, but my mom told her she could come back because my
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: mom
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: had moved in when I left and my mom let her movement back in. But because her name was still on the leave, she ended up kicking my mom out, even though I'd like left it to my mom because it's like rent to own trailer. Uh I just gave it up. But Northwest Arkansas is pretty cool. It's a lot different. When I first came to Dallas from Northwest Arkansas and music festival. The background noise, the traffic was just like but I got used to it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. City life. I like it though. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like the city. There's there's more, more resources when you out in the middle of nowhere, there's nothing. So you just big dudes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's true. Um But you get things like music festivals and stuff too. So what music festival we go into in Illinois?
SPEAKER_R: The Gathering of the juggalos. I've been to three of them. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Are they always this moment I said, are they always in Illinois or do they move around?
SPEAKER_R: Well um the first time I went to an Illinois but they ended up canceling that contract they had and then uh I skipped 2013 and in 2014 I went and it was near columbus but just outside of columbus like in a rural area. But yeah, yeah, after that it was in columbus two more times and it went to Oklahoma City and that was a bust and then it ended up getting canceled this year because of the Corona. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Like everything? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: They had a lot of top acts though. I saw Gilbert, Godfrey brian co sane Cheech and Chong uh And like more rap acts than I could even name. And there's famous wrestlers are out of your body paper. Was there Zaka zaka get laughing or no not. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: The one legged guy the rest used to wrestle on W. W. E. Like he was there uh
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Mick
SPEAKER_L: that, sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Mick Foley wrestled in here and then the next year he told comedy his comedy wasn't that great but it was cool being there you know you know Mick Foley right Mankind.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Actress Jack. He's pretty interesting like it stand up wasn't funny it was just like entertaining stories. Like they didn't even have jokes really. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. But I bet you got an interesting life doing that stuff. Get a lot of good stories like that.
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy they're like especially in Illinois, Ohio kind of stole some of the life out of it because in Illinois cops weren't allowed on the grounds but if you left to go to the nearest Walmart, they tag you immediately in Ohio. The cops were all in the grounds and the first year they only arrested two people. But the next year because they knew it wouldn't like resulting anything, they popped like 150 people. Uh But like back then it's crazy people would walk around with signs like LSD $2 and like uh like they just be advertising there's this dude standing on the bridge and he said I got cocaine and cocaine accessories step right up and it just screamed that that couldn't happen in Ohio
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where in Illinois was it?
SPEAKER_R: uh near I believe it's called hats burger, hat handles, its southern Illinois on the banks of the Kentucky or the Ohio River. If you swim 10 ft out you're in Kentucky,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, yep. I know I know that area a little bit,
SPEAKER_R: it's a campground, some people call Hog rock and some people called Hog's Head. but it's a cave in rock Illinois is officially the town, but there's no town. Uh if you drive for like 25 minutes, you can go to a walmart in some place called like Hapsburg or Hattiesburg or something like that. It got hit by a tornado that wal mart did like three years ago.
SPEAKER_L: wow. We we had water spouts in Chicago for
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: the first time in years. Just recently quarter.
SPEAKER_R: anything get messed up?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. Not nothing nothing major but you're not supposed to get them and they have the water. Right? Isn't that the whole point? I don't know you're prolific. Um You know I have this I grew up on the East Coast and then I lived mostly on the west Coast so I've always lived near water. So tornadoes are anything I know anything about?
SPEAKER_R: I grew up in tornado
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: alley Tulsa. Like when the tornado sirens go off where I come from, like most people go outside for a few minutes and then the kids get pushed in the bath tub with the mattress on them. But uh but at first everybody just goes out and looking at the sky and then once you're a teenager you don't even go to the tub no more, you just stay out there and watch, it looks too scary. You go it and hope it don't hit you because there's no tornado shelters
SPEAKER_L: Well it's um I don't know I don't like
SPEAKER_R: finish
SPEAKER_L: tornadoes,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: you have to spend too much time worrying about them. Like I like earthquakes because they just happen and then they're done and you're either dead or alive, like
SPEAKER_R: always
SPEAKER_L: you don't know, what
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: did you say you broke up?
SPEAKER_R: earth like just open up and you fall right in like, like that's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like that's always the thought of, that's like kinda, you
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: that's a very small, I mean you know the earth you feel it for hundreds of miles but the earth just opens up in a little crack so you know. But
SPEAKER_R: But you had a real big one though, like whole chunks come open and
SPEAKER_L: yep. Um And we also got some group of hurricanes uh and those also just seemed annoying because I grew up far enough north that like they almost always went out to sea but we still have to prepare for them. So like we spent all like fall like putting stuff on our windows, taking stuff off our windows and they never came, I lost out.
SPEAKER_R: maybe like one thing to keep in mind about tornadoes, if it's an E. F zero through an E. F. Three, you're pretty much good as long as you're not by windows even at a direct hit. But if it's an F four and F five, like if it's a direct hit, you're in big trouble,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well lot of it's just luck, you know, and you see the, you see the path that they take and you know this like this house is gone and this house looks like nothing ever happened right next to it or down the street or you know,
SPEAKER_R: they do this thing. Some of the weatherman called skipping like a stone, it will be like mm I almost got hit by a tornado one time and it was rain wrapped so we didn't even see it and it ended up being an ef one I think with a direct hit in a car from it would have been failed. But what happened, I was living out in Cleveland Oklahoma, which is just west of the western suburb of coal, so called Sand Springs. And I lived back a ways in the back road and I was with my mom and my wife at the time and we was driving back over down this long road And it started raining really, really, really hard. Like we couldn't see anything and the car was like steady rocking and I kept saying just turn around. It ain't worth it because we were going to Tulsa. It's like a 35 minute drive from there plus like 10 minutes on the background. And so we're driving and I keep saying stop
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: finally like she does because I've been extra persistent. Well the car rocks so hard
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: like this, well then it just stopped and the rain started off. We went on well on the way back where I was like telling it allowed us to stop if she had stopped there the
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: tornado
SPEAKER_L: was very,
SPEAKER_R: and went right through the fence and ripped them up and tore down some old sheds in some fields. And like it could have been a direct check that car was rocking hard where we was. And it's like just 100 ft up from where I was like, uh, that's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: certainly. So you've been in Dallas like eight or 9 years,
SPEAKER_R: eight
SPEAKER_L: is that? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: years.
SPEAKER_L: It is. And you got one kid, is that what you said? You said
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: one boy or girl
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: boy
SPEAKER_R: Second grader. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: and uh is he going back to school or is he heaven you have to do that at home?
SPEAKER_R: we're doing the remote learning.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Was it a choice or did you did you are they the whole system doing it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um, the first two weeks, they want everybody to do that and then it's a choice to go back. We figured we'd wait till after spring break because we figured blue season was probably going to be particularly hard this year. So after spring break, go back by the end, the virus will be going most likely if it's not then somebody do something drug.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think there's a lot of people doing a lot of things wrong actually, unfortunately, but it just, you know, happens. So yeah, it's a mess. It's just a mess everywhere. Though. You guys got hit pretty late, didn't you? Didn't did you start to see the big swelling cases much later than a lot of the rest of the country? Uh
SPEAKER_R: texas had a spike way later because they opened early.
SPEAKER_L: huh. Yeah. And where are you now? Are you back closed? Partially or partially or is it just still open? And most things?
SPEAKER_R: Um we're like at 200 cases per day in Dallas. Um
SPEAKER_L: And is that? Um but are you, but what's open and what's not open or is everything open again?
SPEAKER_R: Everything's open except bars, although there's a few exceptions, if they serve more food than alcohol, they can reopen. So the world's biggest honky tonk reopened like a famous little spot in a fort worth. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we opened our bars when we close them again,
SPEAKER_R: that's what happened
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: here,
SPEAKER_L: um but honestly it's just uh you know, it's just for lack of, but it just ends up getting boring. You know, it's like you try to decide what to do in the evening and there's like well we could go to the one thing that's open but we can't really because everyone else in the city is going to the one thing that's open. So I don't know it all
SPEAKER_R: theaters
SPEAKER_L: path.
SPEAKER_R: are still bones too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but in a lot of places they're reopening next week or the week after the movie.
SPEAKER_R: Hurt parks gonna reopen here in uh september even with this complication.
SPEAKER_L: and then all sorts of weird stuff you know like like some of the like Stephen something medical things like my dentist is still closed and I don't know that they have to be but like they're all like making their own decisions and
SPEAKER_R: That happened here and it kind of messed me up a little while, but it ended up getting sorted out. Uh But what I found
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: odd
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: is that the water park has been open for a few weeks here even though like and like you can't really distance in a poll like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you can't actually if you have a lot of people there and is it really crowded?
SPEAKER_R: got crowded, they were one people or they were only letting like one person go up the steps from what I can tell though at a time like you can see it from the road like to the big slides I mean so that's kind of social distance in there but it was packed otherwise like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know. I feel like lots of places like the grocery stores all have like one way signs on every isle but like nobody's following them and so so you know and then uh how are they about masks down there? They enforcing, are they not?
SPEAKER_R: they're early enforcing uh legally um Stores though are somewhat uh was half and half like half people would wear a mask, half weren't the last few times I went to for like the last time I went I only saw one person without a mask and he was sitting on a bench looking all tired and I'm like damn but everybody else was wearing a mask at that time but I walked in a store and I have been texting somebody on the phone and I had my mask on but I had it down right here like on my beard. And
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I got all the way to the middle of the store before I realized it was on my beard, not my face. And no one had said that. I was like, so because that was security cop right there at the door to make sure you put your mask on. And sometimes if it's early enough in the day they have something, they'll just give you one
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I was in the dollar tree not that long ago and uh some guy tried to come in with without a mask and they like there were people yelling at him, there are customers yelling at him, they're like the one cashier that they always have it every dollar tree because there's only one no matter what, no matter how many people are in the story seems like it's only like like she's busy yelling at him and like the stock everyone's yelling at him and he's like having a big fight and it's just like someone just hand this guy mask because like that would solve it. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Doesn't help. But
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I think things will get back to I think will be surprised at how quickly some things get back to normal and then other things are just going to linger. So like I think big music festivals, those kind of things. I think they're going to be some of the last things to come back.
SPEAKER_R: too expensive these days. Anyway, the price has gone up to like 2:25 a person.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's expensive and then if they have to add extra insurance and extra security around all this stuff to take care of it, it's going to up those prices even more. I don't know I mean, but at the same time, you know, it's kind of fun to, you know, you miss going out to see live music or live theater or live something, you know, I mean zoom really isn't just not the same,
SPEAKER_R: one of the bands,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the headlines of the gathering every time I went, did this thing called Festival on your couch and it went from five PM until just after midnight or no, they did a pre show starting at noon and the real show started at five and it went all the way until just past midnight. And it had a little bit of everything like artists doing art, uh like comedians, acoustic guitar, a little bit of metal, a little bit of rap, uh some random comedy skits
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and like just cameos basically someone saying hi and hope you're safe and then they closed it out themselves, which is pretty cool, but like uh it was it's pretty fun and watchable, but it definitely was different from being around that many people.
SPEAKER_L: but they're still trying to figure out how to make it work, right. You know like the stuff I saw in april and May was way worse than the stuff some of the stuff people are doing now, you know? Because they're starting to figure out how to really do it, if they have to do it this way, how to do it well instead of just like, you know just kind of a guy bring it. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: saw it.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry go ahead. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What is it?
SPEAKER_L: No, go ahead you first. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I saw this little video on Facebook go apparently there was this little mini festival that they did and they had the metal divider set up for who you came with and they split or like 10 ft. And it's funny because it's like this whole big field or just these dividers and everybody in their little pins, What
SPEAKER_L: We'll do the bars uh when the bars reopened, did they have for that time period did they have the like the glass in front of the bars? And like all the because like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the bars
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: me?
SPEAKER_L: all had like plexiglass and all the bartenders were behind it, it's like going to a bank
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and then they had like the bars that never had tables would have like weird tables, this one for six people and this one for three people and you know you have
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: to go sit by your
SPEAKER_R: this,
SPEAKER_L: table and you can take the mask
SPEAKER_R: wait,
SPEAKER_L: off at your table, couldn't take the mask off when you were ordered a drink.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: was it was like that here, like each, like a lot of places did it differently and there's still one place, this little, this little corner store up here that don't sell gasoline, They don't even require masks. None of the workers are wearing masks, but they do have a plexiglass thing set up with a cute little slots in it, you can pay, but some of the cars didn't put up lexi, some of them just operated as normal though. It
SPEAKER_L: yeah and in some places when they put up a lot of stuff like the employees don't, it messes with the employees so like they just kind of reach around or they do whatever and you know they like totally make ineffective anything that was put in place so.
SPEAKER_R: thanks. Yeah, I went to Walgreens another day. They just have these plexi glass walls that they're very inconvenient so that like duck around them to give you your money because the things not place, like, it's basically just a plexiglass wall is kind of ridiculous, like, and it's like hard to hear them behind it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because they've got a marathon and they're behind it. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: No, I was gonna say you have a ton of books behind you. Alright. Book
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: some of them dvds maybe. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: those are video games in this show right here. Uh The rest are books.
SPEAKER_L: Well is this the everything room?
SPEAKER_R: it's just the living room, uh my apartment, 880 square feet, so it's not like a lot of places to put stuff
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Yeah. It doesn't matter like you can have like a mansion and you still have no place to put
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: anything.
SPEAKER_R: with that uh I've been trying to declutter as much as possible. Uh I need to get rid of some stuff, but like I've already got rid of most of my terrible books, I could probably get rid of about 15 of those, But I've read probably like 90% of them. Very poor gifts that I've just kept and you have no real interest in reading,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then I have a hard time giving them away because I feel like I should read it sometime but then I never and I moved a lot uh and it was like this is bullshit having to pack all these books over and over and over again
SPEAKER_R: but like that whole shelf right here, Stephen King, except for this part right there. But everything else is Stephen King. And uh there's a client barker and deacons look up. Uh Let's go.
SPEAKER_L: and then you're a reminder of winter there you get your frosty.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, little baby baby. I got right there. I have like four by a car on behalf of Obadiah and the towel. Uh
SPEAKER_L: you've got everything covered if the tornado comes by it's gonna know it's some something some part of that must be true. So it just will have to pass you by. Um So what uh what what's the what's the second grade I've been doing all summer has been?
SPEAKER_R: I'm mostly playing roadblocks is like a At first all the kids were still playing out here and then we stopped letting him go out there and one of the other two of the other kids did. They're still like six of them that was hanging out out in the courtyard here. And then finally like everybody just socially distance now and there's like, like we just say hi to each other, we see each other, but otherwise everybody just stays inside and let's just sit on the balcony. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Do you guys have a dog?
SPEAKER_R: No, we have a couple of cats and a ferret.
SPEAKER_L: Well, but you don't walk those? What I was thinking about is, you know the problem is like dogs because I have a dog, I live in the city and they don't really understand social distancing, like they just understand sniffing another dog's butt. And so like you're trying to stay apart from the people, but the dogs just don't like that at all, so they're always trying to like get around you and get to the other dogs and meet the other people and it's like it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that uh no dead crates are full of books we intend to give away by the way. Uh And then there's a little bit of my son's school stuff on the top crate.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I still have like one milk crate from when I lived with my parents that's made it through like 35 years worth of moving. Uh still there, I put something in it, but you know it's funny. Um Yeah. Um So uh so you guys have had school started out there already, are you
SPEAKER_R: it started monday
SPEAKER_L: Did you get to do any summer stuff with the kid summer or? No?
SPEAKER_R: went on a few walks, played a little Pokemon go uh He did
SPEAKER_L: sadly.
SPEAKER_R: get the jump once. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But it's not a great summer for kids? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's like you can play video games. I watched off with him though, showed him a bunch of the old movies, we saw all the drastic parts and caught up on a drastic worlds and then uh in several of the Ernest movies uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: um Come on this, I showed him a mortal kombat and I surprised he wasn't more excited about it because I like love that movie when I was his age because I was his age and I got so and the soundtrack was great, like it got me into electronic a little bit like it's still like one of my least preferred genres, but it got interested in the genre. Little
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So is it but you the game came out before the movie right? Movie was based on the game
SPEAKER_R: long time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of time,
SPEAKER_R: Long
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: really playing the game, weren't you? Mm
SPEAKER_R: I'd already mean it. I had it
SPEAKER_L: so I think that makes a difference because you go with that excitement already and you know what you know you have your characters and you have your sense of it and um
SPEAKER_R: Scorpion was already my favorite character before he is in the movie. Um
SPEAKER_L: uh is that is that you sign a big gamer?
SPEAKER_R: He liked Roadblocks, he likes Minecraft, he likes the GPS games. Uh that's pretty much all he likes to play for the most part. He likes the Fort and art toys, but he's not really a big fan of Fortnite itself.
SPEAKER_L: uh my brother was like that with Star Wars back, You know when the when there was just Star Wars, so
SPEAKER_R: the first one
SPEAKER_L: the first one, the second one and the third one actually
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: the fourth,
SPEAKER_L: whatever. That's all bullshit, I do not believe in that at all. Um Yeah, I don't like when the rules change in the middle, so
SPEAKER_R: you know, anything expanded universe. Like somebody
SPEAKER_L: we don't want
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: to be with you.
SPEAKER_R: delivers the story of Star Wars to George Lucas personally and that's how he knew to create it. Yeah. In the books that were in the expanded universe, it's all considered one. And and now though, because of Disney Disney role wrote the entire EU as non canon.
SPEAKER_L: Well, Disney does that sort of thing all the time. They love to take tradition and kind of make it Disney, have you taken him to either Disneyland or Disneyworld?
SPEAKER_R: no, but we've gone to six flags, but as a wall, but is several
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: years ago,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: so we barely remember that. He was too small to write anything real cool. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: by the time this is over,
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: he'll
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: probably be just the right age to want to go to some very cool things and maybe the right height too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it probably be third grade before, but I don't know because he's already told for his age, so he might be told for some stuff, but I know you have to be, uh, I think you have to be 52" for most of the big rides and I believe he's like, he might be 52. Oh, no,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Well, you know, it's a as a kid, you can't wait, like, you know, I was so excited to get to that 52 or whatever the next thing is, like, I remember being really excited that I was taller than my grandmother, and then I realized she was like 54 for 10. Like it's not a big deal, You could do that in like third grade, but
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: there's a little tiny woman. Uh Anyway, I think our buzzer has gone off, So if you I think 25 minutes, right? Yeah. So um I just wanted to let us know that because we uh I'm terrified of getting through 24 minutes of this and then not getting that damn morning and having to start all over again. Is this the first matched or did
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you match it?
SPEAKER_R: did the last couple and I've done, this is actually the fifth time I've ever done it. Uh, because you can only four times for cycle, but this is the news cycle. So
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah, I am. I did I did it on the last cycle, and then, and that took me three tries to get a full And this one this is my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: third try as well.
SPEAKER_R: got three no shows. Uh, I got three no shows before I
SPEAKER_L: 16.
SPEAKER_R: got my fourth one and didn't do them. And finally, I got this one. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. I was surprised at this one because the uh the first one was just it was like a technical nightmare. It's just like and then we couldn't tell what was on his side and it was on my side. And so like, we're both trying to fix things and you know, and he like, I'm like, I'm just gonna start to restart the computer, stay there. But I know you can't hear me and I know you can't really read this because it's not in magic marker or anything. And so anyway, but it's good to meet you and it's good that this actually works this time.
SPEAKER_R: say you have a good time.
SPEAKER_L: All right. You too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: bye.