Hey,
how's it going?
Yeah, I hear you. Can you hear me? Well,
I accidentally clicked the next arrow even though it says not to and
uh, I was like panicking and then I found the link on the message at the prolific,
I'm Kenny by the way. Uh,
Alan, nice to meet you. So,
where
are you
from?
I'm living in Dallas.
it's a 94 today, I think. Uh,
No,
I'm from a coal, so Oklahoma
and
all right, So it's actually kind of a funny story. Um, so I lived in Tulsa and the two suburbs on either side of it, like all the way up until I was 18 and then I belled out and went to Northwest Arkansas and then I was like ping pong and back and forth to Tulsa and Northwest Arkansas
ended up getting married to this girl and she was like, okay, just pretty a terrible person. Like I found out she was like highly like highly racist and she got violent, she's like assault me and like you can't hit her back as you go to jail or uh but
you don't want to hurt her. So I ended up bailing on her, We got into an argument and I talked her into going to a hotel and staying on for a while. Well then I was on the internet and I went in this chat room and I met this girl and uh it's about this music festival up in Illinois. Well I managed to get a ride playing with somebody else and I've been talking to that girl in the chat room. Well my wife was staying in the hotel.
Well
my ride canceled the day before I was supposed to leave and so she talked to friends and then coming up 150 miles out of their way and picking me up and we went to that music festival together. And then I went home with her. But I lost pretty much all my stuff when that happened. Well then we moved to Tulsa like four months later and she got pregnant. And then I've been in Dallas every since I came back to doubt.
no, she moved back into the house when she found out that I wasn't coming
back
from the
festival, but my mom told her she could come back because my
mom
had moved in when I left and my mom let her movement back in. But because her name was still on the leave, she ended up kicking my mom out, even though I'd like left it to my mom because it's like rent to own trailer. Uh I just gave it up. But Northwest Arkansas is pretty cool. It's a lot different. When I first came to Dallas from Northwest Arkansas and music festival. The background noise, the traffic was just like but I got used to it.
I like the city. There's there's more, more resources when you out in the middle of nowhere, there's nothing. So you just big dudes,
The Gathering of the juggalos. I've been to three of them. Uh
Well um the first time I went to an Illinois but they ended up canceling that contract they had and then uh I skipped 2013 and in 2014 I went and it was near columbus but just outside of columbus like in a rural area. But yeah, yeah, after that it was in columbus two more times and it went to Oklahoma City and that was a bust and then it ended up getting canceled this year because of the Corona. Uh
They had a lot of top acts though. I saw Gilbert, Godfrey brian co sane Cheech and Chong uh And like more rap acts than I could even name. And there's famous wrestlers are out of your body paper. Was there Zaka zaka get laughing or no not. Uh
The one legged guy the rest used to wrestle on W. W. E. Like he was there uh
Mick
Mick Foley wrestled in here and then the next year he told comedy his comedy wasn't that great but it was cool being there you know you know Mick Foley right Mankind.
Actress Jack. He's pretty interesting like it stand up wasn't funny it was just like entertaining stories. Like they didn't even have jokes really. Yeah
it's crazy they're like especially in Illinois, Ohio kind of stole some of the life out of it because in Illinois cops weren't allowed on the grounds but if you left to go to the nearest Walmart, they tag you immediately in Ohio. The cops were all in the grounds and the first year they only arrested two people. But the next year because they knew it wouldn't like resulting anything, they popped like 150 people. Uh But like back then it's crazy people would walk around with signs like LSD $2 and like uh like they just be advertising there's this dude standing on the bridge and he said I got cocaine and cocaine accessories step right up and it just screamed that that couldn't happen in Ohio
uh near I believe it's called hats burger, hat handles, its southern Illinois on the banks of the Kentucky or the Ohio River. If you swim 10 ft out you're in Kentucky,
it's a campground, some people call Hog rock and some people called Hog's Head. but it's a cave in rock Illinois is officially the town, but there's no town. Uh if you drive for like 25 minutes, you can go to a walmart in some place called like Hapsburg or Hattiesburg or something like that. It got hit by a tornado that wal mart did like three years ago.
Did
anything get messed up?
I grew up in tornado
alley Tulsa. Like when the tornado sirens go off where I come from, like most people go outside for a few minutes and then the kids get pushed in the bath tub with the mattress on them. But uh but at first everybody just goes out and looking at the sky and then once you're a teenager you don't even go to the tub no more, you just stay out there and watch, it looks too scary. You go it and hope it don't hit you because there's no tornado shelters
finish
it
always
the
earth like just open up and you fall right in like, like that's
like that's always the thought of, that's like kinda, you
know.
But you had a real big one though, like whole chunks come open and
maybe like one thing to keep in mind about tornadoes, if it's an E. F zero through an E. F. Three, you're pretty much good as long as you're not by windows even at a direct hit. But if it's an F four and F five, like if it's a direct hit, you're in big trouble,
they do this thing. Some of the weatherman called skipping like a stone, it will be like mm I almost got hit by a tornado one time and it was rain wrapped so we didn't even see it and it ended up being an ef one I think with a direct hit in a car from it would have been failed. But what happened, I was living out in Cleveland Oklahoma, which is just west of the western suburb of coal, so called Sand Springs. And I lived back a ways in the back road and I was with my mom and my wife at the time and we was driving back over down this long road And it started raining really, really, really hard. Like we couldn't see anything and the car was like steady rocking and I kept saying just turn around. It ain't worth it because we were going to Tulsa. It's like a 35 minute drive from there plus like 10 minutes on the background. And so we're driving and I keep saying stop
and
finally like she does because I've been extra persistent. Well the car rocks so hard
because
like this, well then it just stopped and the rain started off. We went on well on the way back where I was like telling it allowed us to stop if she had stopped there the
tornado
and went right through the fence and ripped them up and tore down some old sheds in some fields. And like it could have been a direct check that car was rocking hard where we was. And it's like just 100 ft up from where I was like, uh, that's crazy. Yeah.
eight
years.
one
boy.
Second grader. Uh,
we're doing the remote learning.
Yeah. Um, the first two weeks, they want everybody to do that and then it's a choice to go back. We figured we'd wait till after spring break because we figured blue season was probably going to be particularly hard this year. So after spring break, go back by the end, the virus will be going most likely if it's not then somebody do something drug.
texas had a spike way later because they opened early.
Um we're like at 200 cases per day in Dallas. Um
Everything's open except bars, although there's a few exceptions, if they serve more food than alcohol, they can reopen. So the world's biggest honky tonk reopened like a famous little spot in a fort worth. Yeah,
that's what happened
here,
theaters
are still bones too. Yeah.
Hurt parks gonna reopen here in uh september even with this complication.
That happened here and it kind of messed me up a little while, but it ended up getting sorted out. Uh But what I found
odd
is that the water park has been open for a few weeks here even though like and like you can't really distance in a poll like
you
got crowded, they were one people or they were only letting like one person go up the steps from what I can tell though at a time like you can see it from the road like to the big slides I mean so that's kind of social distance in there but it was packed otherwise like.
they're early enforcing uh legally um Stores though are somewhat uh was half and half like half people would wear a mask, half weren't the last few times I went to for like the last time I went I only saw one person without a mask and he was sitting on a bench looking all tired and I'm like damn but everybody else was wearing a mask at that time but I walked in a store and I have been texting somebody on the phone and I had my mask on but I had it down right here like on my beard. And
I got all the way to the middle of the store before I realized it was on my beard, not my face. And no one had said that. I was like, so because that was security cop right there at the door to make sure you put your mask on. And sometimes if it's early enough in the day they have something, they'll just give you one
well
thank you.
too expensive these days. Anyway, the price has gone up to like 2:25 a person.
one of the bands,
the headlines of the gathering every time I went, did this thing called Festival on your couch and it went from five PM until just after midnight or no, they did a pre show starting at noon and the real show started at five and it went all the way until just past midnight. And it had a little bit of everything like artists doing art, uh like comedians, acoustic guitar, a little bit of metal, a little bit of rap, uh some random comedy skits
and like just cameos basically someone saying hi and hope you're safe and then they closed it out themselves, which is pretty cool, but like uh it was it's pretty fun and watchable, but it definitely was different from being around that many people.
I
saw it.
What is it?
Oh, I saw this little video on Facebook go apparently there was this little mini festival that they did and they had the metal divider set up for who you came with and they split or like 10 ft. And it's funny because it's like this whole big field or just these dividers and everybody in their little pins, What
you
got
me?
Come
on.
And
this,
wait,
it
was it was like that here, like each, like a lot of places did it differently and there's still one place, this little, this little corner store up here that don't sell gasoline, They don't even require masks. None of the workers are wearing masks, but they do have a plexiglass thing set up with a cute little slots in it, you can pay, but some of the cars didn't put up lexi, some of them just operated as normal though. It
thanks. Yeah, I went to Walgreens another day. They just have these plexi glass walls that they're very inconvenient so that like duck around them to give you your money because the things not place, like, it's basically just a plexiglass wall is kind of ridiculous, like, and it's like hard to hear them behind it.
Oh.
yeah.
those are video games in this show right here. Uh The rest are books.
it's just the living room, uh my apartment, 880 square feet, so it's not like a lot of places to put stuff
and
with that uh I've been trying to declutter as much as possible. Uh I need to get rid of some stuff, but like I've already got rid of most of my terrible books, I could probably get rid of about 15 of those, But I've read probably like 90% of them. Very poor gifts that I've just kept and you have no real interest in reading,
but like that whole shelf right here, Stephen King, except for this part right there. But everything else is Stephen King. And uh there's a client barker and deacons look up. Uh Let's go.
yeah, little baby baby. I got right there. I have like four by a car on behalf of Obadiah and the towel. Uh
I'm mostly playing roadblocks is like a At first all the kids were still playing out here and then we stopped letting him go out there and one of the other two of the other kids did. They're still like six of them that was hanging out out in the courtyard here. And then finally like everybody just socially distance now and there's like, like we just say hi to each other, we see each other, but otherwise everybody just stays inside and let's just sit on the balcony. Uh
No, we have a couple of cats and a ferret.
that uh no dead crates are full of books we intend to give away by the way. Uh And then there's a little bit of my son's school stuff on the top crate.
it started monday
went on a few walks, played a little Pokemon go uh He did
get the jump once. Mhm.
it's like you can play video games. I watched off with him though, showed him a bunch of the old movies, we saw all the drastic parts and caught up on a drastic worlds and then uh in several of the Ernest movies uh
um Come on this, I showed him a mortal kombat and I surprised he wasn't more excited about it because I like love that movie when I was his age because I was his age and I got so and the soundtrack was great, like it got me into electronic a little bit like it's still like one of my least preferred genres, but it got interested in the genre. Little
long time. Yeah.
Long
time.
I'd already mean it. I had it
Scorpion was already my favorite character before he is in the movie. Um
He liked Roadblocks, he likes Minecraft, he likes the GPS games. Uh that's pretty much all he likes to play for the most part. He likes the Fort and art toys, but he's not really a big fan of Fortnite itself.
the first one
for
the fourth,
you know, anything expanded universe. Like somebody
actually
delivers the story of Star Wars to George Lucas personally and that's how he knew to create it. Yeah. In the books that were in the expanded universe, it's all considered one. And and now though, because of Disney Disney role wrote the entire EU as non canon.
no, but we've gone to six flags, but as a wall, but is several
years ago,
so we barely remember that. He was too small to write anything real cool. Yeah,
this
is,
Yeah, I think it probably be third grade before, but I don't know because he's already told for his age, so he might be told for some stuff, but I know you have to be, uh, I think you have to be 52" for most of the big rides and I believe he's like, he might be 52. Oh, no,
no.
I
did the last couple and I've done, this is actually the fifth time I've ever done it. Uh, because you can only four times for cycle, but this is the news cycle. So
I
got three no shows. Uh, I got three no shows before I
got my fourth one and didn't do them. And finally, I got this one. So
say you have a good time.
bye.