Hey.
Good. Can you hear me?
I am. Yes.
So
and you know, most of it's kind of bullshit anyway, because I, the first one of these I did, I we got disconnected and I just went back and it was all fine. So I don't know
anyone. I'm alan
I'm
kind
of
I am from Chicago or I'm living in Chicago. What about you,
Dallas? Excellent. It's warmer there probably even than it is here. Is that right? You guys in the middle of?
that we were um I'm just gonna set the timer so that I remember both, so we remember both to stop the conversation and to make sure it doesn't end too quickly. It's 25 minutes. Right, awesome. Um So are you
born and raised in Dallas, or?
Okay. And you just, the wind blew south or how did you
uh enough analysis?
people.
mm hmm.
Nothing
in particular.
And is your wife still, are you at the hotel or like she, did you ever get, did you ever get your wife out of the hotel or is she still in the hotel?
The
money
back.
You
know?
Yeah. City life. I like it though. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's true. Um But you get things like music festivals and stuff too. So what music festival we go into in Illinois?
Are they always this moment I said, are they always in Illinois or do they move around?
Mhm. Like everything? Mhm.
Mhm.
So
that, sorry?
Mhm.
Uh huh. But I bet you got an interesting life doing that stuff. Get a lot of good stories like that.
Yeah. Where in Illinois was it?
Okay, yep. I know I know that area a little bit,
wow. We we had water spouts in Chicago for
the first time in years. Just recently quarter.
I don't think so. Not nothing nothing major but you're not supposed to get them and they have the water. Right? Isn't that the whole point? I don't know you're prolific. Um You know I have this I grew up on the East Coast and then I lived mostly on the west Coast so I've always lived near water. So tornadoes are anything I know anything about?
Who?
Well it's um I don't know I don't like
tornadoes,
you have to spend too much time worrying about them. Like I like earthquakes because they just happen and then they're done and you're either dead or alive, like
you don't know, what
did you say you broke up?
But
I think
that's a very small, I mean you know the earth you feel it for hundreds of miles but the earth just opens up in a little crack so you know. But
yep. Um And we also got some group of hurricanes uh and those also just seemed annoying because I grew up far enough north that like they almost always went out to sea but we still have to prepare for them. So like we spent all like fall like putting stuff on our windows, taking stuff off our windows and they never came, I lost out.
Yeah. Yeah. Well lot of it's just luck, you know, and you see the, you see the path that they take and you know this like this house is gone and this house looks like nothing ever happened right next to it or down the street or you know,
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
It
was very,
certainly. So you've been in Dallas like eight or 9 years,
is that? Mhm.
It is. And you got one kid, is that what you said? You said
one boy or girl
boy
and uh is he going back to school or is he heaven you have to do that at home?
Uh huh. Was it a choice or did you did you are they the whole system doing it?
Yeah, I think there's a lot of people doing a lot of things wrong actually, unfortunately, but it just, you know, happens. So yeah, it's a mess. It's just a mess everywhere. Though. You guys got hit pretty late, didn't you? Didn't did you start to see the big swelling cases much later than a lot of the rest of the country? Uh
huh. Yeah. And where are you now? Are you back closed? Partially or partially or is it just still open? And most things?
And is that? Um but are you, but what's open and what's not open or is everything open again?
we opened our bars when we close them again,
so,
um but honestly it's just uh you know, it's just for lack of, but it just ends up getting boring. You know, it's like you try to decide what to do in the evening and there's like well we could go to the one thing that's open but we can't really because everyone else in the city is going to the one thing that's open. So I don't know it all
path.
but in a lot of places they're reopening next week or the week after the movie.
and then all sorts of weird stuff you know like like some of the like Stephen something medical things like my dentist is still closed and I don't know that they have to be but like they're all like making their own decisions and
That's
great.
Yeah. Well you
you can't actually if you have a lot of people there and is it really crowded?
Yeah. I don't know. I feel like lots of places like the grocery stores all have like one way signs on every isle but like nobody's following them and so so you know and then uh how are they about masks down there? They enforcing, are they not?
Well
Yeah. Yeah, I was in the dollar tree not that long ago and uh some guy tried to come in with without a mask and they like there were people yelling at him, there are customers yelling at him, they're like the one cashier that they always have it every dollar tree because there's only one no matter what, no matter how many people are in the story seems like it's only like like she's busy yelling at him and like the stock everyone's yelling at him and he's like having a big fight and it's just like someone just hand this guy mask because like that would solve it. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Doesn't help. But
I know, I think things will get back to I think will be surprised at how quickly some things get back to normal and then other things are just going to linger. So like I think big music festivals, those kind of things. I think they're going to be some of the last things to come back.
Well, it's expensive and then if they have to add extra insurance and extra security around all this stuff to take care of it, it's going to up those prices even more. I don't know I mean, but at the same time, you know, it's kind of fun to, you know, you miss going out to see live music or live theater or live something, you know, I mean zoom really isn't just not the same,
No.
What?
but they're still trying to figure out how to make it work, right. You know like the stuff I saw in april and May was way worse than the stuff some of the stuff people are doing now, you know? Because they're starting to figure out how to really do it, if they have to do it this way, how to do it well instead of just like, you know just kind of a guy bring it. So
you
Sorry go ahead. Yeah.
No, go ahead you first. Mhm.
We'll do the bars uh when the bars reopened, did they have for that time period did they have the like the glass in front of the bars? And like all the because like
the bars
here
all had like plexiglass and all the bartenders were behind it, it's like going to a bank
and
you know, and then they had like the bars that never had tables would have like weird tables, this one for six people and this one for three people and you know you have
to go sit by your
table and you can take the mask
off at your table, couldn't take the mask off when you were ordered a drink.
And
yeah and in some places when they put up a lot of stuff like the employees don't, it messes with the employees so like they just kind of reach around or they do whatever and you know they like totally make ineffective anything that was put in place so.
Yeah because they've got a marathon and they're behind it. Yeah. Um
No, I was gonna say you have a ton of books behind you. Alright. Book
some of them dvds maybe. Mhm.
Well is this the everything room?
Right. Right. Yeah. It doesn't matter like you can have like a mansion and you still have no place to put
anything.
Yeah. And then I have a hard time giving them away because I feel like I should read it sometime but then I never and I moved a lot uh and it was like this is bullshit having to pack all these books over and over and over again
and then you're a reminder of winter there you get your frosty.
you've got everything covered if the tornado comes by it's gonna know it's some something some part of that must be true. So it just will have to pass you by. Um So what uh what what's the what's the second grade I've been doing all summer has been?
Do you guys have a dog?
Well, but you don't walk those? What I was thinking about is, you know the problem is like dogs because I have a dog, I live in the city and they don't really understand social distancing, like they just understand sniffing another dog's butt. And so like you're trying to stay apart from the people, but the dogs just don't like that at all, so they're always trying to like get around you and get to the other dogs and meet the other people and it's like it's crazy.
Yeah, I I still have like one milk crate from when I lived with my parents that's made it through like 35 years worth of moving. Uh still there, I put something in it, but you know it's funny. Um Yeah. Um So uh so you guys have had school started out there already, are you
Did you get to do any summer stuff with the kid summer or? No?
sadly.
But it's not a great summer for kids? Yeah.
Okay.
Uh huh. So is it but you the game came out before the movie right? Movie was based on the game
a lot of time,
So you
really playing the game, weren't you? Mm
so I think that makes a difference because you go with that excitement already and you know what you know you have your characters and you have your sense of it and um
uh is that is that you sign a big gamer?
uh my brother was like that with Star Wars back, You know when the when there was just Star Wars, so
the first one, the second one and the third one actually
out
whatever. That's all bullshit, I do not believe in that at all. Um Yeah, I don't like when the rules change in the middle, so
we don't want
to be with you.
Well, Disney does that sort of thing all the time. They love to take tradition and kind of make it Disney, have you taken him to either Disneyland or Disneyworld?
Thank
you.
by the time this is over,
he'll
probably be just the right age to want to go to some very cool things and maybe the right height too.
Yes. Well, you know, it's a as a kid, you can't wait, like, you know, I was so excited to get to that 52 or whatever the next thing is, like, I remember being really excited that I was taller than my grandmother, and then I realized she was like 54 for 10. Like it's not a big deal, You could do that in like third grade, but
there's a little tiny woman. Uh Anyway, I think our buzzer has gone off, So if you I think 25 minutes, right? Yeah. So um I just wanted to let us know that because we uh I'm terrified of getting through 24 minutes of this and then not getting that damn morning and having to start all over again. Is this the first matched or did
you match it?
Uh huh. Yeah, I am. I did I did it on the last cycle, and then, and that took me three tries to get a full And this one this is my
third try as well.
16.
Mhm. Yeah. I was surprised at this one because the uh the first one was just it was like a technical nightmare. It's just like and then we couldn't tell what was on his side and it was on my side. And so like, we're both trying to fix things and you know, and he like, I'm like, I'm just gonna start to restart the computer, stay there. But I know you can't hear me and I know you can't really read this because it's not in magic marker or anything. And so anyway, but it's good to meet you and it's good that this actually works this time.
All right. You too. Yeah.