you take anyway? Oh, I can think of that. Mhm. And trying to decide. Yeah. Right. I think, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Question time. Hello?
Only
well thank you. How are you?
Good.
I'm in Seattle.
So
both both on the same side of the of the country. Cool, cool. Do you know a so I guess no specific topic or anything, we're just supposed to chat or did you get any other information differently?
Okay. Okay. So it wasn't, it wasn't sure. Okay, cool. Um Great. Then there you go. Yeah.
yeah because here there there there there is a mandatory uh stay, stay in place order that's been here for about a month I guess I suppose so yeah, definitely social distancing and uh
home as much as possible um and all of that kind of stuff I think similar to what's happening for you guys I think.
Right. Right, right, right. But it seems like there might be some stuff opening up I guess. I saw on the news that there's been a lot of conversation and a lot of folks that have been kind of trying to push for stuff to start happening sooner than later, so Yeah.
No, I haven't really heard much, you know, here at least here in Seattle I know there were there were some protests, I guess maybe a lot of week or so ago was a small group, it wasn't a very large group, like I said, it was a very small minority that went down to uh the capital down to Olympia. Um That's really old that I've heard otherwise. It seems, you know that everybody is just kind of going along with with the requirement, at least that's the impression I'm getting. I often wonder though, you know, I'm kind of removed and not hearing a lot of what's happening because I don't really see anybody, don't really talk to anybody
just relying on, you know what you see in the news, but it hasn't been the case, There hasn't been a lot here anyway, locally in the news about, you know, any uproar or people clamoring um to open businesses or anything, so it seems relatively common that way right now, I think
hopefully we'll see, Yeah, so.
That was pretty intense, that's pretty scary stuff, so yeah, it's hard to relate to that, or hard to, you know, kind of wrap your head around it because it's like, yeah, that's that's that's that's uh intense, so yeah, but
strange times, so, you know, I guess you have to expect anything and I guess a lot of people are just reacting in different ways um based on whatever, you know it's happening with them or whatever they're thinking is. So yeah you're gonna see stuff like that, you know a lot of things that are not normally a little bit on the crazy side, but yeah, so so how have you been adjusting to staying in place and social distancing and all all all of that stuff, you seem a relatively young person, so I'm imagining it might be a little bit more cultured for somebody like me, he was like okay I'm okay with this, so not much different than what I've been doing, so
uh so you were working remotely even even before, same for me uh the work that I do, I've been doing that remotely for quite a while, so there was no real change there for me, so okay, same same thing, yeah so okay
so yeah, you know like I said, so so the delegates a huge adjustment for you either then? That's
good.
nobody
no
uh wow, okay. Yeah uh so what do you think about that um you know, you know, what is your thinking, that
point in the future, it will be okay, we can go back to doing things may be, and how do you feel about what that's going to be like, any, any idea?
yeah, it's kind of new for everybody, right? Yeah, yeah, so somebody, somebody had had had asked me um and you know, would I be most comfortable, like you know in some places businesses started opening and they're trying to do things where there keeping social distance and you know, people in direction and wearing masks and all that kind of stuff, thinking and you know, somebody said, you know, would I be comfortable starting to go out again into restaurant for a public places if that were the case or what I want to be waiting for. A point where it's like all clear and we're totally back to normal, which kind of with you. I don't think that's ever going to happen and necessarily again. And for me it's like, yeah, I probably wait, I'm not that anxious, you know, uh you know what now, what about you? I mean, you know, would you kind of, you know, say, okay? You know what, I'll give it a try the new way and you know, with all new rules in place.
that's good. That's that's that's yeah, that's that's that's good for me. It's like, yeah, not a big deal. You know, I can wait till whenever and I don't care, you know, that much and
what whatever going to the movies yeah. You know what, it's okay. I think going out as well. So um you know, and getting used to going to grocery stores and supermarket and what not, you know with the way things are now. So I'm like okay doing it now to deal with it if it's going to kind of stay that way for some long period of time or forever. Well that's
what kind.
so but I but I imagine that, you know, you know what little I know about it, you know, thinking about it's like okay, you know, there's going to be I'm suspecting the shift was kind of already happening. Like for example, one of the supermarkets that I go to frequently was experimenting with what they call a shop and go where you get a scanner when you go in and you pick up your items and you scan them as you go. And then you go up to you know a self checkout and you scan. And so you're not interacting with personnel
similar I think. You know I've never been to one of the amazon, one kind of along the same lines where you're just doing your shopping, you're using your scanner, keep track of what you're getting. Um And then you're scanning it out. I think amazon was even a little bit more automated than ever. You don't even do any scanning or what not something, I don't know something it did that and that seemed to work pretty well and I kind of liked it actually. It was kind of was kind of convenient and quick. Uh So I'm thinking yeah that's going to be more of that I suspect where you're limiting than the amount of interaction. You know, you don't need to have to have cashier, you know which um uh you know interacting with you or you know what not or whatever, so so I'm suspecting that there's gonna be a big move towards that maybe. Um
and somebody in the store would have to come in and so to be able to signal, you were able to signal that I'm having a problem here, I'm over in the produce section and you know something's not working and then somebody from the store would come over and hopefully you know sorted out or or fix it, it actually works pretty well. Um I liked it, I thought it was pretty neat and pretty pretty convenient and you got in and out of the store very quickly. Um So so yeah I thought it worked pretty well, so.
yeah, it's very, technically uh well, it is a obviously it is a big, you know, uh tech tech center here, so you have a lot of, a lot of stuff going on like that, like you mentioned obviously with amazon and stuff, so Yeah, yeah, so it'll be interesting, it will be interesting to see how stuff like that moves forward, you know? So yeah,
I
just
think that
hello?
Mhm. Yeah, that's that's that's what, so with the devil of the store, because that's one of the things, you know, that I have thought about what, what, what they were planning to do was to repurpose or use folks in a different way because you still need to have personnel, like you said, people are gonna need help, you know, no matter what, you can't find something or something doesn't work, you know, from a technical perspective or whatnot, or they're having problems check out. So they would still need to have personnel there to kind of monitor things had to keep an eye on stuff obviously, you know, so a bit of a higher risk when you, you know, and interesting people shop on their own, you know, and check themselves out. Um, so, so the idea was that yet it wouldn't be any reduction in in in personnel, they would just be used differently. And so the shopping experience just would be different for for for for folks in theory, I suppose, you know, in reality, who knows? You know, But that was the way it was supposed to who was supposed to work, so which
should
be cool. Right? Yeah. Other stuff like you said, like, you know, restaurants and stuff or whatever, I don't know, You know, I mean, it's going to be really weird and difficult I suspect you know So yeah
I guess
they
ordered
home
but
not
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well you know yeah I don't know it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be interesting. Again my thinking is it's like you know like I said that that things will change but there's always gonna be need for people you know to do stuff um you know you can only automate that so much particularly like I said in the food industry and things like that. I mean there's only so much automation you can do you still reliant on on people so so hopefully you know people will be able to go back to the type of work that they were doing and stuff you know? Uh Yeah so I don't know
I'm sorry I think I think
I'm
good thank
you
Early
March.
It
was weird you know I was talking to somebody about that and so, you know, obviously because it started hearing about it, you know like mid March when it started, you know, really kind of, you know, being a presence on the news, but
you know, it didn't really sinking, you know, it was kind of like okay, and I think a lot of people were doing it, we're equating it with this is like what happened with, you know, SARS a few years ago war, you know, the other thing, Yeah, okay. And you know, not really worrying about it, what was interesting here was that all of a sudden because in Seattle I think was the first real major, you know, kind of impact of it with the nursing home uh in Kirkland where all of a sudden, what was about 20 or so, you know, folks um die from it and it was like, wow,
this is this is serious now. And it just, just, just all of a sudden like I said, you know, within a gradual transition, it was just kind of like, ok, we know there was a thing happening really, weren't worrying about boom all of a sudden waste, this is a serious thing. And now all of a sudden we're going into a different mode, it was a little bit gradual in that, you know? Um um it was a couple of weeks before it was like you know going into the shelter, stay and stay in place saying and really serious, you know uh social distancing in the businesses started closing down, take a couple of weeks. I was it was it wasn't until really in the March early april where it was like this is serious and now we're in a full covid mode I guess, you know? So so it was weird. Yeah, really weird. So yeah,
same
here
like people
that makes sense. You know, I mean that's really when all of a sudden you started started, you know, hearing and I imagine like I said, what happened here in Seattle say anything happened All of a sudden people were like, wow, okay, this is this is this is a serious thing, you know? Uh It's not like it was, you know, in the past and whatnot and started getting really, you know, uh worried about it. So yeah, so because the
script,
what do I miss most? Uh huh I guess, you know, um you know, like I said, we we weren't big social people, we didn't go out a lot to eat. Um You know, we like to go out occasionally, you know, to, you know, maybe a music venue or whatnot or whatever, but we didn't do it a ton. But now thinking about it in terms of what, whoa, if I could came that I could never do that again. In fact, that disappeared, that would be, that would be depressing, you know? So I'm really bummed out about it and not necessarily necessarily for me personally, but just in general, you know, from a cultural perspective, it's like, wow, you know, we started losing a lot of that. That would be just really sad and terrible. I mean, I understand sure you can do things streaming and all that kind of stuff, but not the same, you know. Uh, and then, you know, seeing someone, you know, live,
uh, in any, in any kind of kind of kind of way and not just music. I mean, just any kind of art form where there's a need to be able to engage with it physically. Um that would really, really, really, really think. And that's that's that's I guess a big worry of mine is like what's what's that going to be and what's the impact for folks who that's their livelihood and that's where their aspirations are, you know, what kind of opportunities that they're going to, they're going to have, you know? Uh So yeah, that's that's I guess the biggest thing for me, you know, So
it
seems right, the stuff on, I heard something on the news today that there seems to be some promising progress on that front. Uh There's something that they really optimistically that they're thinking maybe even as early as september you might be able to, that seems a little, you know, uh
I
guess that's good news, you know? So it seems to be I guess going maybe in a good direction. Yeah. Yeah.
Thank
you.
No no never. Yeah can't can't be. And so
I can say that my worry is that like I said a lot of these groups and a lot of these organizations, you know, are they going to be able to survive however long it's going to take before they can get back to doing things, how they have been doing them in some way, you know? And that's going to be tough, that's going to be rough. I imagine that the fallout could be pretty pretty harsh you know? Uh Kind of kind of sad you know, but I just I don't know, you know I have to hope for the best be optimistic. I don't know. So do you have any concerns if you don't mind me asking? What what what type of work do you do?
Okay cool. Um um My son's girlfriend does that uh as as well. Yeah. Yeah and talking to her and she said you know so far you know the whole covid thing hasn't affected her, you know she's still been working still you know working on projects and stuff so you know she wasn't she wasn't feeling too anxious or too worried about you know her situation at least right now anyway so you know hopefully saying for you that you're still you know able to work and there's still stuff for you to to do.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So so so that's that's that's good, that's me that's that's helped write that. Uh Yeah
so I do I work in data uh mostly mostly metadata. Um So I work on projects um mostly these days mostly small projects um for companies different types of metadata management, metadata processing lately. Mostly um um metadata tagging of developing vocabulary for different types of products and different types of of of of of things. So yeah, that's that's kind of sort of what?
okay. Yeah, that's neat. Ok, so so so you so you have an idea then, what what what what do you know, I used to be into it very, very intensely and very very very deeply used to work for companies and whatnot or whatever. But then, you know, you know, when I kind of decided to scale back and just kind of work less and work on my own and, you know, it's smaller scale projects, just, you know, kind of uh nothing too crazy or intense but stuff to keep me busy, you know, interested and Yeah, so it's it's helpful. It's helpful. Um
Yeah, so that's a dumb
question. I'm assuming you came to this our chat here via the the prolific website. Okay.
Do you do you do you know a lot of stuff on there or do you, you know, if you don't
mind
me yet? All right. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Well,
that's different. Oh,
so you knew to it,
I've been doing it for, Gosh, I'm gonna say two months. Um That seems about right. And it's interesting because when I heard about it, I heard good things about it, I read some stuff about it and, you know, some some some stuff on some forums that I'm on, I'm like, I'm gonna check this out. And then I went on it and at first I was like, well, hold on, because you know, the payout for a lot of the projects, but not exactly, you know, a lot. Um So I was like, she, you know, is this worth it? I don't know, but let me give it a try. And then what I found this is like, you know, and you're not going to support yourself on you, so you're not going to make that much that, you know, you can you can live off of it. But I found that in the course of a week that I was able to do a fair amount of of the of the survey that found it interesting. That was the other part of it too. I thought they were very interesting. Um And if they were connected to research, you know, and you know, research institute and what itself and it turns out that you can consistently, you know, pick up a few dollars every week. I was surprised actually for, you know, after the first few weeks I'm like, wow, okay, I learned more than I thought, You know, like I said, based on 50 cents here, 25 cents there,
you know? But
yeah, and, and
it wasn't in a way that was like cumbersome where I'm like, oh my God, I'm spending, you know, hours having to do this, you know, just kind of fit in nicely, at least in terms of my schedule, you know, to be able to just keep an eye on it. I think that's part of it is to kind of like, you know, I'm on the computer all day and you are also, and so I have the screen open, you know, and I can see like when something pops up and check it out and kind of, okay, I'll take five minutes now and I'll do this real quick here, great and I'll go back to my work, but they also pop off, you know what I mean? Where somebody can't do that. They're just limited to like, you know, I have a couple of hours and I'll try to do, you know, whatever it's in a mess, you know? But you know me over the course of an eight hour day. Yeah, I'll end up grabbing, you know, a few over and like I said at the end of the week, I'm like, okay, that was pretty neat, you know, and it didn't painless. So at least that's my experience, so, so I'm fine. I'm finding it pretty worthwhile.
The chrome extension. No.
Oh, I just I just learned website. I didn't even know they had an extension. No.
Um I must be because it's refreshing or you know, on so, so I must have been it because I know at one time I had installed some extensions to refresh pages for another page um that I monitor, that didn't refresh automatically. So yeah, I guess it kind of just tied it. So Yeah,
exactly, exactly. Yeah, yeah, so, so no, it's, it's worked out. Like I said, some of, some of the studies are really cool and really and really, really interesting, you know, a lot
of them,
gosh, there was one where um you have to do it on your phone actually. Um so that was different. You know, most of them you're doing it on the uh on on the web, on your desktop and you'd be shown images and depending on the image, you have to react with the phone physically, try to push push the image away or pull it towards you
and
they vary it where if it's like a a negative image um you know, at first push away positive image, you push it towards you, then the opposite and then they put some variations in there, That was kind of neat, That was that was kind of fun,
what's that?
It
was, this one was uh faces um and um faces registering an emotion, but they vary the faces by age and ethnicity. Um And sometimes that was a factor, so you know, if it was a it was a young person, you know with a sad expression or an old person with a with a with you know with the happy expression, you know, or an asian person, you know, and it was, yes, you have to really pay attention
to this thing, so that was kind of fun.
come up pretty frequently, so you just have to yeah, I just have to have to have to keep your out yet because most of them, otherwise it's just questionnaires and stuff, you know? So, so I'm sure you've been seeing. At least I've been seeing that the majority of things that I've been seeing obviously are all related to covid, you know, it
pretty
pretty interesting and pretty intense. Yeah. So. Yeah. No.
Oh good.
It was that I would like to speak to you, too. Thank you. And uh and good luck uh
Cross hopefully everything will, you know, move a nice positive way and will be yeah, we'll be moving towards normal hopefully soon.
NBA. Thank you. Bye bye.