what happened?
How
are you?
I'm
also doing well. Yeah. So what part of the country are you from?
Oh cool. I'm I'm in Los Angeles, so same
coast. Yeah.
Um I think like your, you can like choose what to chat or like they will give you like a list of what to chat about if you like request it, but I didn't request it.
So yeah, um are you like currently social distancing?
Thank you.
Yeah, definitely. We've been We've been ordered to stay in place for since like March 19.
Yeah. Uh huh. Mm Yeah. So well like here in my community it's sort of a minority that wants like to push everything to make everything open again. So yeah, how about your area? Like people passionate about opening?
What?
that's good.
Yeah. Like did you hear about like michigan and them like storming their capital with like guns and everything?
definitely.
Oh well I've got a home body, so I'm, I'm okay with, Yeah. And I usually work remotely so I'm like not like too much of a difference from what I usually do.
Tool yeah.
Although
I do. I'm sorry.
What are you gonna say? Okay.
I was just gonna say, I miss going out to eat like in restaurants.
No.
Um I feel like people will still be like really like cautious with their hygiene, like bringing hand sanitizer everywhere and like wiping down. But yeah, so when I returned to normal, like I don't think it will, it will be like, like it was before, but like I've never been through something like this, so I don't know what to expect.
Yeah. I would definitely be open to adapting to whatever like rules their own.
Six.
I
hope it's not forever. Oh uh huh
What is it like that amazon thing or like is it like different
Yeah. So wait, so in that store that you're talking about, what happens if there's like a technical difficulty like it doesn't scan or something.
Well, that's so cool. Seattle is like in the future and like,
I
guess
the bad
thing about that is that I don't like it. A lot
of people will be unemployed.
That's cool
man.
I guess
like for restaurants I could
like implement like when
you order ahead
cream please
not
talk to anyone. Yeah.
P. M. So when a couple of 19 1st started like appearing on the news where you were he?
I'm sorry. Okay. Um,
like when
they're going
Early
March
when COVID-19 was in the news for you like worried. I don't know
where you like sort of like you left about it.
What?
What?
Same
here.
Like people
didn't take it seriously until mid heart. Yeah.
do you wanna know?
Street Cupid?
What? Oh.
Yeah. Well I hope to come out with the vaccine where everything
could go back to normal.
He had
too optimistic.
But yeah, I totally understand what you mean by like performing arts. Like you have
to see
it in person to like truly appreciate it. Like I was going to watch a circus delay show with my aunt But they canceled it because the COVID-19. So yeah, like watching it on um the computer isn't the same.
No.
Oh, I'm a writer and editor. Um So I well I mostly do editing, but
Yeah, definitely. And that's so great for your son's girlfriend. I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah. So what kind of work do you do?
that's pretty cool. I used to like sort of like doing metadata stuff from my old job and not like intense. Like we're just like, like tagging stuff and like.
Because then you get to pick and choose which projects interest you and stuff.
What?
Okay.
I
asked.
Okay.
Um I actually just found out about it like a week and
a half ago.
Ah
yeah. How about you?
It
adds up
it.
Do you have the chrome extension for prolific?
It's like, okay,
I'll do for like google chrome so that it like refreshes every like you can set how um, long the interval are, but Oh, so you don't use it.
Okay. Yeah. Because yeah, it makes like it easier to get like, um, studies if you're not really paying attention. Like
what
was your favorite study so far?
I
know.
What kind of images did they show you?
What kind of images did they show you like food
or like
we are.
Yeah, that sounds pretty cool. I didn't have anything as interested. Yeah.
there's a lot
of them.
Well, yeah, it was nice to talk to you. It's been 25 minutes right
of Oh,
thank you.
Yeah, take care. It was great talking to you