All right. I was having trouble with my laptop. So I have been using my phone instead,
Man, I should have done that the first time I did it, my guy didn't show up or whoever and I should have just stayed logged in the whole time. Mhm.
Um I did last night and then the other day I had one that nobody showed up on the other end.
I
had paid for last night's at all. How long does that take?
Well, I know the guy I talked to last night says he's done it four times and he gets paid. So I'm guessing maybe like Wait a day or two and then if don't have payments and I'm another message. What? I think that's uh Yeah.
My name is Candy. You know what I just realized last night when I was talking to Dude. We never exchanged names. I just realized.
Where you from?
that's where he was from. two. It was uh not Pittsburgh, He said it was near Scranton.
We're over there. Yeah, I don't know, I'm in Wisconsin. I don't know the area very well.
Like three hours?
you were? Where were you?
Oh yeah, Milwaukee is down there, but green Bay's up further by the bay. Okay. Yeah,
like where it's like looks like a thumb or whatever. Erica. Okay,
Okay. Yeah. That time for the kiddos. Uh huh
three total two of them are here right now, but I kind of lost track of time and was getting on my computer. I was like, oh, I got to get the kids about it.
Yeah. Last night I had to leave, I was home all day and then I had to leave right before my nine o'clock, so I was like, I'll do it on my phone,
get on my phone and we're driving. And all of a sudden run out of gas.
Yeah. While I'm talking to this total strangers last night and he's like laughing and the and the guy was with
his like, I'm gonna go get
some gas and he went and got some gas in a diet book to later. Bye. The gas. It the gas station attendant actually let him put it in there.
They dumped it in my car and I let the dude of watches like showing them.
It was fun.
Yes.
Are there bone?
And
And
here.
And I mean, I'm
no good at filling up even a red canister. Like those big ones. I don't know how he didn't get it up for. I don't know. Mhm.
No.
I'm trying to kind of like move stuff so I can set it down because like Uh huh. I'm holding onto my phone. RJ I'm on the phone, please go upstairs. All right, that's better.
Yeah, and it's a phone so you know, it's got a smaller camera, I think
I see everything fine and I can hear everything fine. I don't I don't have any issue with it on my phone at all. I
mean I have have a pretty good smartphone, but RJ go upstairs, it doesn't spell anything. Yes. So how old are you?
You
don't have to homeschool any kids? Huh?
dear.
But wow. Five,
yep. For both of them and well, one of them usually is by her dad, but she's with me right now for schooling because I'm trying to help because he doesn't know what he's doing, you know?
So uh this is my first time looking at her stuff and put my younger one, he's in kindergarten. It's hard to home school a kindergartner,
You know,
I noticed that like sometimes he likes it there for a longer, longer periods of time, longer and longer. Like at first he was like frustrated, I believe it was insane.
But
they want us to sit in these class meetings like from 8:30 AM to like 12:30. And I'm thinking, how am I supposed to get a job? You know, like I have to work for a living. I can't do that with him every day and go to work, you know, And
I
what's that?
Right for him? And I, but I have to be there and help him because he's only five. He doesn't know how to use the computer, you know, and he doesn't understand, you know, when she says to a mute or mute, you know, he's still learning all that. And so, and he doesn't know the names of all his supplies. You know, she says to get a certain item from his supplies. I have to go, you know, like a certain word book or whatever. He doesn't know them all yet. So I have to sit there and help them through most of it. I can't leave
the room because if they end the meeting and he doesn't hang up,
they're stuck
in it, you know, and they can start their next meeting. You know, that happened one time.
All right. And the sub pain in the butt. It's just a lot. But we're still paying seeing them on taxes. Mhm. I don't know. It's just a lot. I mean they do help, they send a lot of supplies on this stuff, But
this is an interest, Glad my oldest is 16 and she she can handle it herself.
These are public schools and we're doing it because the virus thank
My, my son was in pre K and he missed like the whole last half of the year. And then because of Covid, you know, they shut the schools down, they shut everything down and the schools have not opened back up. I think um, one nearby school district, my oldest daughter goes to, they opened back up partially, but then a teacher died. Got Covid and died. So then they closed it back up. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Her german language teacher. It was, it was all over the news and I called her up. I'm like, is that your teacher? Because I knew she was a german, you know, took german and oh,
that was bad
because the teacher
he's or she was a really good teacher. She took the kids to Germany every like did a yearly trip to Germany and everything, so
let's
get
what's that?
Um she's 16 now.
I'm sure
honestly.
Yeah, I think she was in her thirties or something like that. I don't think she was all I could ask, but I'm not sure really. It
was in Green Bay um at a Port high school if you want to try googling it. But yeah, I don't know if she was, I don't know if she was older and I don't think she was by the way she was portrayed, but I don't remember, I never met her myself. Um I could just, my daughter just talked about her a lot sergeant and she go upstairs, get ready for bed.
capacity.
Yeah,
they should like give us ice breakers, but I think we're doing a pretty good job. Okay.
The guy last he was just like, wow. Because like all this crazy, you know like other
running gas and this guy is pouring like gas in my car with a coke bottle. It's funny. So we have plenty of to talk about.
Yeah, my arm is five and then there's holly, she's nine and then my oldest is 16, so I'm like totally um
I don't like multitasking right now. I'm trying to get like different things done while I check out with you,
I got her laptop and my laptop and then my phone and then a label maker thing and his laptop over here. Oh my gosh, it's ridiculous.
We should.
Big conference table.
It's a Motorola, the
G stylists
that I got, I got it from google fi.
Oh the LG cell for. Yeah, I I have one of those actually and my boyfriend has one.
We both have one, but mine's older and
my son smashed the screen.
Mhm. But it still works. It's just got cracks all over it. Mhm. But then it stopped, Have you had a problem with the style of for not charging? Well,
how long have you, have you had it?
The common, like, right around two years or a year and a half to two years
is
when those that like both of ours, like at the same time start. Well, mine went a little first, but they, they stopped charging. They like, they won't charge you plug them in and they just won't hurt. I don't know. I can get a discharge sometimes and then it will turn on and I love my son play with it. He'll use it, it'll die. And then I can't get charged for like two weeks. Now.
This is starting to show those symptoms like it's the charging port. So if
you have those problems just so you know, are they,
I'm
on the phone, you need to go
This I mean I'm warm in here because we got the heater on and there's like a bunch of people like we're
down here um my room's in the basement so I'm trying to win.
But uh
no, it's kind of cold outside my room and so I always have a heat of running a lot and right now I'm kind of warm. So I took my sweater off.
It's all outside. It was raining all day today.
and yesterday it was so windy. Oh my God, it was crazy. Wendy. Yeah, the car was going around on the habit. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
What's that? Uh huh.
Between everything, I never had a spare time, but I mean I like 20 with my computer and my phone and stuff a
lot.
I
like it. I like prolific. Um I do a few other ones
that I mean I do them but I don't really care for it as much, you
know
like
Which one is it?
Oh yeah. I haven't done that one. I do que me Q. M. E. Yeah, that one is really good but I mean it doesn't pay that great
but you get it right away,
you get paid right away for.
Yeah. There's always a lot of surveys on there. There's all the time. Lots of surveys
brilliant.
Oh yeah. You get tons of here. Let me see if I can pull up the website on here. But
you
get
is
on
prolific is actually my favorite so far. Right?
You me
it's good. I can give you a referral club for that one. It's not like, um,
it's
their studies like prolific but they're there
or like a, I don't know here. I'll show you, but
they give you the money for the survey right away. But sometimes you don't qualify, you get kicked out before surveys done or whatever. But you get the money in your piggy bank right away and you could cash out to paypal whenever you want. No minimum as many as you want.
But you have to have a verified paypal email like a verified account
how and then like, uh, if you can see this like there's just different surveys there and they list like the average time and like how much they pay and I mean, you know like
I think I've ever earned. I think I look at my history earlier and it was like $100 since I started that I've earned.
I mean
I did a time study on it once actually for a couple days it was like Between dollar and $2 an hour that I was getting on that. But the other like prolific is more because their surveys pay better
and
they're shorter. These ones on cue me it's like really super long sometimes. Oh okay.
But
Sometimes I get cash real quick like $5 or whatever I get on here. Find a couple hours on it and I have $5.
Yeah. I think prolific. I've, I've only
been on there like a month and a half I think.
I made like a Like
$50 on there already
counting the to video chats that I've done like the one yesterday and then today I'm trying to,
I've done.
efficient.
You look in the mornings like I noticed that they post them earlier in the morning.
Yeah I noticed that and I am not a morning person so sometimes I'll miss that little parcel. Um
um It's also um a couple that I have just on my phone. They don't have app or they don't have websites. Oh. Ah One of them's called ST bees. And the other one is survey on surveys on the go. I'm gonna set this back down because I can't keep my hands so. And um those surveys survey on the go or S. O. T. G. Um is a pretty good one.
But they don't pay out until you're at $10. But I've made like $40 through them and haven't really spent a whole lot of time on it. You know like just like
But the surveys are few and far between on that one
you have to catch it. You're supposed to get a notification on your phone. For for surveys on the go. But
I forget
the notification. It never invited me.
Oh look and I just got one. That's funny. But I don't think you can see me if I close out of that.
Can you see me now?
Like
Yeah. I suppose when I closed out of there I got split screen on this thing. I want to see if it works. Can you see me? Oh wow.
I get like my surveys on the bottom and then you and me on the top. Okay. Right.
Yeah. Friends here too.
I got a friend here too. Mhm.
He's making music. Yeah
setting it up.
We sit on there's a lot I just realized or
I do
set up computers block like just like trying to fix stuff most of the time. Like my son's mom stopped working and then my other phone that I was using it as practice to root the phone. I don't know if you know what that means to root a phone.
But
I would.
Well no, it's when you unlock the bootloader so you can put your own operating system on it separate from what the factory sends you. And
I
think it is better you know and change it up more.
And I mean like that phone went and then my phone that I'm on now last night I had to do a factory reset because the wife I stopped working, his phone is certain to go
and
the laptop crashed the other day too. And I'm like I spend more time fixing my technology than I do playing with it really
like it seems like that's a thing lately. It's driving me nuts. And now my daughter comes here today and she's like, mom, my phone's acting up so now I gotta fix her phone too. Okay,
what kind of smartphone do you have? Do you have one?
iphone yeah. You
could probably use that for doing the video chats. Works for me.
I'm
good.
Got one of those right here. It's an order. It's a four.
I
know. Yeah. It still works. It's just dead right now. And the only charger I have is a car charger. So I take it out to the car and plugging out there to charge it. And uh,
it dies super fast because you know old iphone, I actually have two of them. I don't. The other ones in my storage I think somewhere. And I had an iPhone six. But that broke the screen broke through. And I go through a lot of phones.
Too many phones. Well,
you had that Motorola just, that's gone. Like we go through a lot of phones,
but
how old is
Oh yeah. So that's a about the writing. I'm too old to be doing this stuff. I'm 38 and I feel like I, I shouldn't even,
I should just be baking. Uh huh.
I've always been into technology though.
I feel like I'm 85. Oh, it froze. Do you see me still?
Yeah, yeah, frozen. I am. But let me see if I can fix it, plug in phone because it's about to die. Uh huh.
Charger.
Good. All right, cool. Oh, I think because my phone is
my battery charger on, my phone just turned on because it's
getting low, so I'm not trying to getting my okay.
I rotated it. Okay.
yeah. You're good. Yeah.
What
you
went
out?
Thank you
raspberry.
Did you go to a restaurant?
And I haven't been to a restaurant so long. I was thinking about it. And I on january
maybe jerry marks
uh, breast from
Danny. Uh huh. Oh, Danny's was awful galore. Allies,
german food. We went to this german restaurant here in green, babe. That was that was made no marriage.
Oh, so you want
like,
I'm actually like, I was a server for a long time and I stopped serving right before Covid came out and I was like, wow, what a good time to get out of it, you know? But you know, I lost that job now too because of Covid. So
now I might go back into serving. And I was like, all the restaurants seem to be open around here and everything and like I walked into one and nobody is wearing masks and I just was like,
so are we supposed to them or not? You know like I don't know, I I
I don't know if they help or not but
if they're saying that we have to wear them. Oh eric
today I walked into it, I always go by what everybody else is doing if you like nobody in there is wearing a mask. I won't, I don't know,
I definitely do a lot.
Yeah, I wear mine in the story but like today I stopped at BP and I forgot to grab mine out of the car and I got up to the front like a guy walks out, he has no mask and I look in and the attendant has no mask. She's the only one in there. I just walked in and gave him my $5 and walked out. You know, I'm like correct.
She's
got
this big, you know like plastic thing in farmer face. So I figured oh wow. Yeah I'm not in any come in contact with anybody. I don't
Yeah I mean
like going fishing
if you like fishing then yeah, I mean you can go up here, you go up by lake Superior or even um And uh the U. P.
Yeah. To be honest, I go to florida. It's tear away main anyway. I hate Wisconsin. I'm sorry, I'm biased against I live here but I'm not from here. I moved here Like 20 years ago but I don't really like it here. I don't
a lot of, I don't know it's cold. It's really cold in the winter. And I grew up in Las Vegas in the African desert at I moved here when I was almost 16 years old and I was like, I hate it, it's cold. So
like hibernate.
Have you been to northern California or
Oregon?
Look up press city California.
It's the middle of the redwoods. I used to live there. Great tourist town.
Yeah. And I can see you still.
Like
the pilot 101
Oh there's five to that goes up in the organ and back down 101
goes right up the coast.
that's
a the scary ass highway. And I used to write it every morning for school.
Yeah. Or even check out reno to on your way through.
Um There's also like in the middle of Nevada, there's some good fishing too. We used to go up by a place called Ellie or some people call it eli, but it's really e l y Nevada and there's a lot of go fishing there around
that area.
Actually my very first fish I ever caught was in that area when
I was like 13 years old and it was a bat.
Yeah. Yeah that was like big out there like trout fishing and but like, like me in Vegas just go there all the time when I was a kid all the time
and we moved away from Vegas, I went back to visit like 10 years later. Oh my gosh, it was crazy when we're flying over it and you could see how far down the water went From, from 10 years prior.
Crazy low. I was like wow, you can see like the water lines where it used to be. It was really cool looking, but like said so you know it's a man made lake though, you know, can't they just put more water in it? You're kidding? I mean out there at that time the drought was bad and they were like finding people from using too much water, you know like you know lot men of water every month. Nobody watered the grass, nobody car washes were not allowed. I remember
that.
That was right before I moved to Wisconsin.
My mom worked at casinos doing serving every so often. Um but mostly she was cosmetologist at like super codes or fantastic sam and my dad mostly worked at foot locker honestly. And then after a while he stopped working there and started working at golf courses like doing lawn maintenance. So
like
I mean live in Vegas, you forget about the fact that our casinos
and entertainment everywhere do. Like I never thought of it like that until I moved away from it,
you know.
My
head.
I'm we're sitting on my bed in there.
Oh hang on this thing See like this thing says that I've only been on here for five minutes But then the other one.
What did you? Mercy? Okay.
I'm just curious because I only says five minutes. I know we've been talking more than five minutes.
It's
got
bin
Because we started at nine right? It's 39 45. I didn't realize that. I mean it was like probably
five after by the time we actually started chatting. All right. Mhm.
It's
I'm
not it shows at the bottom of the tab that you're on before
you open the video chat.
it's built it.
Oh yeah mine says five minutes. Don Harold. I miss so I hope they, you know. Yeah.
I mean I think as long as I do that long, insanely long survey after the you know like yesterday I did the survey afterwards. It's insanely long. 20 bucks is 20 bucks.
I mean it's not like 20 it's like 17 or something we get right or something. Yeah.
we're jumping back and forth and I think maybe because they were doing it in pounds and then U. S. Dollars and £10. I don't know.
Oh you know what it's
just one minute now. Sorry? Um Actually yesterday the first time like the person didn't show up so I said let's reschedule.
But then yesterday after I was done with my survey like after the video chat I did the survey and then it
it asked me if I would like to schedule another one. The guy talking to yesterday said that something about you're only supposed to do for But he says he's done more than four I think. I think he said I can't remember for sure but or that was his 4th 1 and
there's like a limit I think. But he says he doesn't see why you couldn't just keep signing up. So I don't know I guess we'll be Mhm.
Right like I'm good with making money because I ain't got none you know usually because I lost my job because of covid unemployment I've been waiting for since april Sure nothing. And then they want to try to disqualify me because in the meantime while I was waiting for my part time when employing because I was employed part time and it was because of Covid I should have been full time. Well then meantime I got fired from my job for something that I even do. And that's what happens when you uh start working with people who new prior you know like friends and they get mad at you over stupid things and you know they got me fired from my from my job and they told unemployment it was my fault unemployment sided with them because they were
you know that's a law office and where are they going to believe me or them anyway. I'm like you shouldn't believe lawyers but
so I was like I'm not even gonna fight it you know just give me my P. U. A. Insurance you know like whatever. Then they're trying to say I don't qualify for that because I lost
my job. I'm like what about the time period that I was employed there before I lost my job and I was part time shouldn't I gotten partial unemployment because I was part time because of Covid. Um So I had to file a honor that just reminds me I had to file an appeal and so then I'm gonna have to go to court
over this. I'm like it's ridiculous guys just pay people like quit it like. But then him, my boyfriend over here, he he applied because he was laid off because of Covid cause he was a cook, you know, restaurant cook.
He gets laid off. He applies gets it within date right next day. And the next day he got it right. And this was a couple weeks before I first applied, right? And he got it the next day he got like how much was it? It was like a couple weeks back there. Yeah. And uh
yeah And then they did those extra $600 payments, you know, so he was getting all that and then then they cut them off. I don't know where. And
then told him he had to pay it all back double plus. They want him to pay double what ended up giving him because because four grand you're asking for seven back. Yeah. And
the reason for that is because briar to Covid, He spent two weeks in jail missed work and those two weeks prior to Covid like you had nothing to do with it, He didn't lose his job. He was he was talking to the manager like there they were friends, you know like he talked to the manager every day. It was like, hey, you know, how is he going? Can I come back yet? And he's like, no, we're still closed down, you know because of Covid, you know? So he still had a job when he got out of jail
and
all of a sudden he didn't they like his job told told unemployment, oh he doesn't work here anymore. Just out of blue. And unemployment cut him off and then I want them to pay it all back and it's like you shouldn't have to pay that all back. He was employed, you know he was still employed, he was laid off because of Covid, I'm hungry. But they're screwing everybody over here. It's ridiculous. Like
I've been waiting since april. Haven't gotten dying.
no there's facebook groups about this in Wisconsin. Wisconsin's awful, like awful. It's ridiculous like and like my job before that like I had to sit there and wait four months for a decision because in order to get the p way insurance you have to apply for regular insurance and get denied that first set away four months to get denied that insurance because I knew I would get denied the regular because I was supposed to be getting the idea. It was because of Covid pos for Covid.
And they make you apply for the regular and sit there and wait for them to process that and deny it and then make you apply for the P way and then sit and wait again ridiculously. Yeah. So
That's Wisconsin that does like one little thing is what he was kind of their thoughts. Their lot, their legal system is ridiculous here, ridiculously dump.
Uh Have we been on here for a while? Uh Not that I'm trying to cut you short, but I got to get these kids in bed and if we've been I still got to do this stupid long survey.
Oh man. It's the I'm trying to find like my timer here because I got a lot of open windows like, Oh, it's 25 minutes you have to do here. But we've been chatting for late on the benches. Don't. Yeah. All right. I'm gonna get double pay.
Yeah. Well, if they try to say we weren't, I'm yeah, I should record these. I could do screen recordings
like
look up.
Okay. Well, I will let you go and it was nice chatting with you.
Maybe. Bye.