sorry, I
only hit the next button and I'm like, oh my God, I think I would have figured this out. I start with this already.
Don't
do
it ahead
of time.
It did. How are you?
Not too bad. My name's angel.
no worries.
Are you me to me to worry about, whereabouts are you at
Spain City? I'm in Pensacola. Yeah.
were out
for
a while because of Covid,
I know. I hope it. I hope so. I mean, I hope things start to little out, you know, a little bit. Um, I home school my 16 year old here at home and I work from home and I have a three year old as well. Um, which is, you know, it takes all my time. I barely have time to find work and my work is cut back. Some clients decided not to come to me for taxes this year, you know, because the money situation and things like that. So it's been hard, definitely an adjustment
for all of us. I mean, I don't know if the world to go back to normal really. You know, I mean generally hopefully, but I mean there's so many
things
carry
on
possibly. I mean it doesn't bother me. It's the least I can do to make sure everybody's safe. I'm not going to bother me as long as I get a nice breathable mask, you know, got
it.
that's
fine.
I know. Sometimes I get, get in the car and I totally forgot to have it on for a minute. I'm like, wait a minute. What am I doing? The thing?
I five
million.
huh. Yeah,
good
mandated.
I've been
wearing one the whole time. I do live with my elderly mother though. I take care of her and you know, with that and having my youngest. I don't want to do it more for everybody else than for myself. You know just the unknown you know I mean
it
will
it will break through yeah it wants a certain percentage of the world gets it will it'll level out you know and and I totally agree with that. Scientists have proved that you know that's their theories because I did a couple surveys on that actually um on how it'll end up breaking down eventually. Um Yeah that's a cool surveys out there lately. Do you do a lot of the survey?
Yes. Yeah. I've been I've been trying to I got to get my number's up though you know I'm still like on the below 100 so
500.
Yeah. That's
what I heard.
That's
horrible.
Sweet.
I know.
Great
and that right.
You were you were rolling in the money your
unemployment?
I'm here
came here and then I got like a huge chunk you know it gave me
now it's gone
place your back to work. There's a lot of people that are definitely still struggling you know I'm not gonna say I'm struggling as bad as anybody else. I think I have my husband he works you know so at least we have money coming in. Okay. Yeah I like doing surveys. I've been doing a lot more lately. I like I like horrific because they're short and just keeping things something out quick but it seems to be that way too but I'm still stuck in like the James billing surveys.
Yeah they're like 15 minutes and it's like 40 minutes later you're like what? That
sweet. Yeah I gotta do this every now and then.
Yeah.
I've had those two. Yeah you know by 10 or 15 like that. And then a lot of the product testing products, I like doing those, those are pretty cool. And
yeah, I got a couple of diaries I'm supposed to be keeping up with right now for and I just I'm like $35.25. And I'm like is it really worth it? You know?
Like
my point
is
light points is pretty good. I think they stick pretty quick quick of their surveys the time and they pay out pretty quick. Some of them are yankee said I really bad. I keep wanting to go on user testing because I hear they're pretty good with
once you
get in there and you got to take that whole, I just haven't sat down to do my whole registration thing yet.
We
did.
have?
I
haven't
I hear they are, there are hard
to
get their
easier
for us because we're in the States, but I know I still haven't, I keep up on Reddit. I like to look at the work, you know that beer money side on Reddit and the mturk side as well. Trying to try to keep up a little bit with that. See if there's any yeah, like you said anymore gyms out there.
Because they
might not pay out. Right.
All
now
that
would really suck. That would be bad for you.
I
know,
obviously.
I mean I can get everything right. You know, I mean that's
just great.
I
slow down sometimes because I'm like, if they're going to think that I'm just, you know, breezing through this, but I'm just, I'm used to doing it, you know, and the questions are pretty much labeled the same as make sure I read through, make sure it's not, you know, one of those select beige or just like I agree, something like that. What was your name?
Nick? I'm angel.
Yes. Are you italian? Yeah,
me too.
And irish have italian and german.
yeah.
Maybe
an extra bonus that you got maybe for doing such a good job.
Yeah. It's pretty cool. And this is going is going well to you. I had a younger um college girl last time, but it went really well too. You know, I mean as long as you're kind of personable, I think people can strike up a conversation, especially in this time of the world. There's so
much
to talk about, look at us. We haven't, even though they got off surveys,
go on with those forever.
That's
I've
been $80 just to come out,
you
know?
That's wonderful.
You got your own little personal maintenance?
That's not
paying
it forward is what it's about.
no doubt.
That's
That's awesome. I'm glad that things seemed to go well for you with a new home and new neighbors and mm,
lot,
a lot nicer having to have a lot more responsibility, but it's a lot nicer, you know, having your own place. That's for sure. I'm actually, I moved back here. I'm from san a frontier Pensacola, but I moved from Tampa three years ago. I moved there when I was 18 and lived pretty much my whole life there. Um, and then I moved back here just three years ago to start taking care of my mom and my kids. And my oldest is still hating me because of it obviously because his friends are all down there. So he gets to visit a lot and his dad still lives down there. So And yeah, it's been a bit of a tank. I'm actually living in my childhood home, in my childhood room, taking care of my mother and you know, doing all the all that stuff, there's been a big adjustment that's for sure. But we're trying to get into a place where we wouldn't get our own home. But then I'm like, what do I do with her? You know, it's so hard and I mean good nursing homes are so expensive and we're not at the point right now, we could probably even pay part of it. My older brother probably could. My other older brother, I don't think he could pay anything for her so
She
is yeah as long as we're here but you know we went on home and we don't have any room here at all. It's yes, stuff like packing that february, you can see behind me here, that's like trying to meddle in my office and I
got a bunch of other stuff trying to get rid of for the kids clothes and always something that's for sure. Mhm. My youngest or my oldest is sitting here staring at me always trying to take my my my google nest or what is it? Uh Many. The nest. Many yeah
or
the flag Yeah yes
sometimes if you just pull it out and let it sit for a little bit plug it back in it'll sink right back up as long as you got the wifi hooked up and everything. Yeah, we went we went kind of more automated like that for christmas, that was my christmas present, like my oldest and myself early, but we got some of the light bulbs, we got, you know the smart door lock and smart, which came with the security system anyway and the doorbell and the thermostat, which is really cool because you can just yeah, you're hot, you can just put your phone on and just turn a step down or up or whatever you want to do. Cool.
All
you
got that
too.
that's
absolutely
yes, it's helpful. It really is. I mean I think I don't get to go anywhere right now and I haven't really made any local friends still or anything, so trying to get him with the moms group, but right now I think Alex is my best friend, it's pretty bad, I'm always talking to Alexa and she she doesn't talk back so she's a good friend. Uh
Yeah.
Make
you lock it. Yes, it is very helpful. Yeah, lots of it's really helpful. And I mean any honey, somebody comes up to the door, you know, I get a little ring on my phone and then you can just check the camera right then or see what it is. Yeah, I'm gonna it'll be like a bug crawling right by the camera. So
at nighttime about that happened a few times. Mm It's funny.
Are you married kids or anything?
Yeah.
Yeah. So I told my oldest
season I'm like just don't bother me for 30 minutes, a little thing you do.
It does, it really does. You know, I'm just trying not to spend, like you said too much time on certain things. Does that mean?
The
words
It
is.
I know. That's awesome.
That's
great.
Nick.
I
can't be incentive now now I'm going to start putting some
That's
like
that's
That's great.
Safe.
Yeah. That is cool. I'm excited. I'm gonna start working on some more of those then.
Just
something
that you can do when I know I'm gonna want to work.
I
can work
yeah do it. Yeah. Doing a survey.
You know, I'm right there with
you.
It's
become
like my second life. I'm like always on my phone with a survey, open some some survey or another. I'm like always doing something.
that's the first I've ever heard of this surprisingly,
you
know.
Yeah, no doubt me to then I'd be able to thousands.
head.
Yeah, I'm sure it takes a little bit to get back into that when you're off that long. I know uh you know we're talking about if we move out to a house you get a house, I'm gonna have to find, you know, full time work, you know, so we can make it and live comfortably and just thinking about going back to work for somebody. I mean I've worked you know for myself so long but just got to get more accounts on my bookkeeper. So I did bookkeeping taxes, things like that. But you got a put yourself out there and now I'm just I don't know, I think my mother, I must make a living doing this or it's things like this, you know uh that make more money. I don't know, I like
my opinion about stuff and get paid for. It's pretty cool. Mhm.
Come
Need
help.
Yet.
Check out what I'm gonna do this because
I work.
Yeah it is nice and I thought about going back and serving, you know I mean? But my husband just left actually Longhorn he was like the lead cook there and he went to Publix now he's doing meat cutting mayor because you can make a career at that. Um But he's that, that servers even during the day there make about $600 a week. I'm like holy crap,
that's good money. Yeah.
no doubt.
1000.
Yeah that's good. So you said, well you do the call center there, you know he said
well
that that's good. Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, it's
to be outside a little more to like you said,
it's kind of getting cool. It's gonna be nice out.
Yeah. Yeah. I miss all the hard stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. You guys are going back to school to yeah. How are you feeling about that?
I mean, you
know 99% of the people, you know, get it and they get over it just like, you know. Okay.
That is
That's
what my
mom and I were saying because we have this really bad cough like at the end of uh last year, beginning in january and just would not go away. I was like, who knows? We could have had a string of at them, you know?
Now.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just right,
That's
Like
1% you know,
I'm
gonna
That's
And so
and are
Yeah, definitely. I mean they can't it's kind of slower right now like you said. So I can't keep everybody on.
Oh we showed in look at that around 28 minutes and
it's your neck.
Yeah. Take care.