this thing 123 he's working? Okay. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. The company? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Mhm. The report. Hi.
Okay. It's a
Yeah, because I clicked it on like about 10 50 then I can I never read directions and then then it said like don't
don't
find
it.
Yeah. So then I turned it off and I was scared like well that work again. But it did. Yeah.
I'm good. How are you it
sorry, just one second. You know what the fuck you're broadcasting now? Yeah. Anyway. Okay. Sorry?
Yeah, so I'm in florida
I'm in Haines City.
so and like I recently went back to work which is kind of cool. There
was
no
four months and and I just didn't I just didn't know and I still don't know because I'm back. But like it just seems like a little bit, I work at Seaworld so it's a it's a little bit rocky, we're not busy and it's just like they do wear reservations and stuff, but but I mean it's strange like it's like I'm working a lot, I'm getting over time so I'm making money and it just seems like it will keep on marching on.
What?
I think
it I think it will, but I think now people got introduced to wearing masks, so maybe some people will want
to keep
on doing. Yeah.
And
I wear I wear it at work, but there's plenty of chances where I'm not sick street near anybody where I get a break, I can take it off, you know, and just feel like I don't have to wear for a second and
then go ahead
and put it back on. Yeah.
that's
true.
And Yeah,
because because I didn't I didn't wear the
mask before july 20th and then when they made it mandated you
had to wear it, so then then then I wore it, but until then I didn't wear
and
Yeah, I guess, I mean we'll say but it's sometimes there's people that that on my facebook, some of my friends talk about her immunity, like where just like if you're out there and you get it and then you get through it and then you keep passing around the more it'll it'll break it down and it won't
be
as strong.
huh I've done a bunch of them. Well actually I kind of like since I went back to work, I I kind of like tailed off a little bit. Yeah, but but during their enough four months when I was home I made a bunch of money and it was kind of neat like I used I don't use the mturk from amazon that.
right once you once you get a certain like 100 is certain level and you get to get more surveys and then we're going to reach 500
that you've done
and
then a lot a lot more will open up and it also just it just seems like um the way things are going in the world that amazon is a little bit slower because like like last year around these summer months I I made like about 3 to 400 bucks just
from
the mturk
and yeah and then
like no problem and then this this summer like the it tailed off right around like um july and august and stuff like that but like around like uh april and May of this year I made about 600 each month from them.
So I was I was just so happy. It's like all the money is coming in and then the unemployment finally
came.
I know
but I knew I knew I would get it but it took it took a long time to work things
out.
until I was scared and the guy that there it is okay. Cool, everything's okay. Yeah.
Yeah. I know.
Right. Yeah the thing is like both both sites like their their professional and like they pretty much won't allow any of the crappy er surveys where it just like it goes on forever. Like you made your buck but it's like they tortured you for like 50 minutes.
because like when I was aggressive we're trying to make survey money. I would I would do interrupting prolific is the main ones. It is easier ways to make money. But then what I used to call like a label in my mind, like the crappy er sites like this, they're junky ones and everyone's along with those though, you get like a gem where it's like you don't something popped up where it's like oh you can be uh one. I did one where I was a mock jury and I got a $200 check for it.
It's like it took about three or four hours to do it. But like, hey for the money it was well worth it. Okay. Uh
Occasionally there'll be one like where you can you get like a bunch of money from amazon gift cards and those are cool too.
I don't a few of those two.
Yeah. No, I know I did a few of those and sometimes they don't quite some, they don't fall through, they don't pay you. But I've done a few few diaries where I did get the money and so that's cool. I kind
of doing
of David
wants
me too and
I'm
I've done mine and
I
don't know, maybe I haven't paid attention to it, but like I've probably done at least like 50 of them trying to get one and I've
never
got
one. So I'm like
the
sun.
So I give
up on
right. Because sometimes what mturk did something called batch work where it could be dicey. Where like you could do like maybe like 100 of them for 50 cents each. And so that's good money. But then also like you want to make sure like sometimes it's good, I'm going to give you their approval rating. So like if I see something we hail, you could do 100 jobs for 50 cents each and it's quick and you make maybe 50 bucks. But then you see the approval rating is like 53%. Well that's a risk. I'll skip
it.
No, not that. But like maybe they'll reject them all. Then all of a sudden like
you get a hunt hunt, you do them all. You feel like you did them right and you get 100 rejections and your
and
your.
Because when I, when I researched Amtrak, they all said like, oh you want to keep it 99% your approval rating, 99 point something.
And
they and they kept that saying 99.9 is the best. And I was like, well what's
the point? Like if you're 99.1 you're still in that bracket? So my
well
it's always subjected to like a lot of times, it'll just be the researchers saying we don't think he did it too fast and they get a little weird. So so
my approval over 99
Nick
hey Angel.
Italian
and irish. Okay.
Yeah. Remember the last time I did this prolific one with the chat, I don't want to say that a lot of they made a mistake, but they paid me like almost $40. I was like, yeah, because like I I got that sense like 14.45 in british pounds, I got that. And then there was some kind of like bonus they threw in there and then like it would end up paying me like $33 in british pounds, 33 point something. Then when you convert it, it was like a little bit over 40 bucks. I was like wow.
I
know.
Yeah, I know, I remember I was talking to someone, I was an asian guy and it was good, it just you know sometimes it just flows and
I
know.
Yeah. I don't know
because like what what's good too is like for me uh we're in Haines City, we recently bought a house like about a year and a half ago and our neighbors are just like, so there are professional, people are handy like what one guys next to me is a mechanic and he fixes my car for me cheap and then the other day like I I was trying to fix something outside with our water and I try to change a pipe and then I broke it and I quickly had to shut the water off and my wife said, what did you do that? That's why I go, I thought I was doing it right and, and as soon as I like I broke it, I shut the valve off and my neighbor right across the street, he's like the kingpin, he doesn't do much for me, but he knows everything and he goes, goes to houses down, he's a plumber because he can fix it. He goes like you fix it in two minutes. I was like, I was all nervous, okay. So I, you know, I never knocked on the guy's door, he came over just like that and
within 10 minutes and then I offered him, I go, I'll give you some money and he goes just 10 bucks and I only got a 20 so here just take it. And then he was like, I had no changes, it's no problem because if I were to call the plumber to come out, you
know
to
come
to come out and maybe 200 bucks we're all said and done. I was just so ecstatic that it was so cheap too,
so it's
Yeah they help each other. There
are there are
there all
walking? They're all from Puerto rico, So sometimes like they speak english really well but then sometimes I'm a little bit nervous to approach and then the second I broke the pipe, I was like well forget about being nervous, you know, I don't want to spend 200 bucks
so I just talked to the guys door and it was just so super friendly.
Well that's cool.
was always lived in an apartment, so finally we got out of an apartment and kind of kind of no more rules because
you got that.
And she's also safer right where she is right now because of
covid?
Are
Okay. I just disconnected something like that. We have the Alexa or something and she got that same pairing parent is like, so I just pulled the plug
on it.
want to use it, but
I know. We
got we got that, we got to get the houses, they call it a smart house, we have like the dorm and you
could
see
camp the camera, what kind of stuff? So it's
kind of
neat.
Uh
And it's cool how you can like you maybe you go out, you think could be locked the door and then you can fix it, you can lock
the door.
I'm here.
Oh, I know.
I married my wife walked in before he yelled at me because I'm sitting on a decorative chair. Yeah.
Yeah, because like, because like everyone, like before I sign on, like there's like, let's just playing music and I keep telling my kids like I have this thing and like, so I have to have a fun place to go mm
frequently.
there. But it's just like, it's such a thrill to to get the money and the money helps so much.
Well, I mean, I always, I always fly through it. I mean I try to like, I do, I go as fast as I can as as I could read it, I'm kind of scanning for the, you know, please hit this
one
or get rejected. That's but it's super cool to make the money and
then,
and I'm just trying to get back into it because like I made my my own took account is barely a year old. It's like a year and a few months and they made 6000.
Yeah.
So
like
I
just loved,
yeah it's worth it. And as soon as you get hit those levels like you did 100 hits 500 hits. 1000 kind of helps. But once you get to around 1000 you're fine. And then it opens up so many more avenues to make some survey money and then you will find the good batch ones where they're easy. Like some of them just like you listen to it uh tell the quality of an audio thing you listen to for about three minutes and answer some questions on it
takes
about three minutes, three minutes and you get 50 cents and then
you do like I think that one's like you do like 60 of them. It's like a $30.
Yeah and then they pay you a bonus for if we do all 60
you know so it's called to.
And what I like to is just it's just like I treat certainly it is a second job but I've always said to myself I never wanted to do like a second really second job because it's just too much to
deal
with.
I'm
home.
I could be like on the drive thru somewhere getting some food and I was something there.
It's
just
so cold,
it's so
cold
and I guess I'm Tara it's been around for a bunch of years at least. I can't remember exactly. But maybe.
Yeah me too. Maybe like something around 2000 and seven or 2000 and 10 or so. So I I
just
wish I knew what I knew about it sooner.
Yeah, I know because sometimes in the beginning when I went back to Sea World I was feeling like, oh I can't do is I'm it was tired for being a home for four months that's kind of thinking like I don't want to work there anymore, maybe I'll drive Uber or something but now, but now it's um my stamina is coming back and things
are getting but yeah.
Then
because I got, when I went back to work they switch switch my location to another place where is outside more. So I'm used to
that now. But also what I like to is that I'm like the only one running to play some running. So like it's like easy when my day is over. I leave when I used to work in a restaurant with other leaders, like,
hey,
I'm gonna go and it's always a little etiquette
like, and like they would say, yeah, but sometimes we're like, well whatever, we still have to do this, and it's like,
I know,
and now it's like when I'm done go and that's what I really like to.
Well yeah,
I know because I worked at a restaurant before the pandemic and there's a bar attached to it and, and the thing is like all the bartenders, I mean they make crazy crazy money, sometimes they make like $1000 in tips in one day. And yeah, I know I'm sitting there, I'm not spending their money, but I'm thinking like I don't like they want to do a lot of money, you know? You
know? Yeah. And also it's kind of like a little bit of a secret, not after one of the park knows it and there's other people working as a service in other parts of the park making next to nothing and you know, and there's only there's only three bartenders and they were all making that kind of money, but
you know, But then the pandemic kind of screwed them over because they all came back part time, but they're still making some money. So
now I'm a culinary leader, so like before, before I was in the restaurant,
but it's like a big restaurant, so there will be like four or five liters with me and and now I went to like a small location that's like almost like a cart, but like a small stand, so I'm the only one overseeing that.
so that's why I got some freedom when I can leave,
you know?
Yeah. And also, what's cool? Who is that essentially, the summer is almost over for see walt.
So I came back in mid july and then I feel like I did miss most of summer. So that's good. That's good.
Yeah. And then it gets slower, you know, in september and the kids go back to school
when my kids out of school. But I guess, I think they're going back to school. I think they'll be fine as far as covid and you know, if they get it to get it to get rid of it. So it's very
good
and, and
bunch don't even know that they had it and just like sort of cold for them.
And
so
yeah, I know, because during, during the covid times when I was out of work, I did have a cough, but it went away about maybe five or six days. But like I was, in my mind, I was like, well, I don't care, just a cough. I mean if I have other symptoms, I would do something. Like I had a fever of the story, but I'm not gonna go running to get tested cause I got a car
and then I worked and it worked out and said, so it's cool.
what do you say to about the covid? It was like, what a bunch of doctors in California to doctors actually. They were just kind of reworking the math and they're saying that you're not understanding that their, their singing with the covid death rate. They're saying like, you're not accounting for all the people who actually had, it didn't get tested. If you put them into the equation, then the death
rate is very similar to the flu. And we're looking at something exactly like the flu if you're only taking what was tested and who died and I think the rate was like 5%. But we go back and find other people who weren't tested but did have it and didn't didn't die
there.
Yeah it's like really under 1%.
It's just
like just just like the flu and really not none of the shutdown which you really need it. But I don't know I actually to me I love the shutdown because I made a couple of bucks and and then everyone I know or to see well we're tired. We don't always want we would walk around the park forever like 30,000 types of day. So we got to have that three months off. It was great. But with
exception though there's like a good handful people that I know they didn't get to come back. So that
that
that part is Yeah.
Yeah. I mean there's a chance they might still bring him back, but like, even like we have like a website and the wording is very like cryptic. It's and like we're staff for now and this is kind of like kind of like, it's kind of like it and they're holding on a glimmer like, well maybe, you know, down the road, we could bring some more people back, but they're not really. Yeah. Anyway, we made our 25 minute mark.
That was good talking to you angel,
and hopefully we'll get a nice bonus.
Are you too? Okay, bye bye.