Uh huh wow. Yeah. How is it? Good,
No, I'm still waking up your phone.
Hello?
uh literally just
woke up brush my teeth that my cats and I'm here.
Recently.
Oh, here's uh chairman
carrying
now.
Have
you checked like the online places?
Maybe just so many people are adopting right now. I don't know.
dr in D. C. Right now. Are you involved in
or new york city? Yeah. You've got a real heavy access like she's definitely up north.
Uh How long have you been there though?
Are you Ukrainian or were you like a diplomats child or
Probably a good decision?
Do you remember anything
from?
I feel
the five,
maybe four maybe. I have like some small snippets of memories from earlier times, but I kind of don't believe people that say they can remember when they were like two or one and can you remember what's your earliest memory?
yeah. I was like where is Disney World? I don't think I've ever been to the
world.
Is
that
what fun? Isn't that much fun?
The
they have food from that region too,
That would have been nice as a kid for sure. Is it what does an adult though, or is it just like?
You waited a long time to? Uh huh.
You don't really look like you're old enough to have a 25 year old or a
girl.
What
do you think?
That's weird.
I think you still pay as long as you're doing like the conversation bit of it.
Yeah, I found some of them like
just work. Yeah, I
used to work as do use
mturk.
they
have less uh glitchy studies, but I guess I don't take I don't know, prolific pays more, but mturk seems to have more just
like you can rely on their surveys more.
Well you tell they can. I just uh found user testing as well. The left
what you
well I mentioned that, what else does your friend do other than?
I'm
running
from
yeah,
No, the last conversation ended up being an hour and 30 minutes because I didn't know that and I was like okay, I need to get some structure here. Mhm.
Well in uh your job because of the pandemic,
I am studying right now, I'm sitting web development and and yeah,
there
are a lot of
I'm just like right now I'm going through learning different languages for building websites, the job and CSS and html and then I guess I want to go into cybersecurity, that's like my ultimate goal. But I kind of want to build like the building blocks of knowing how the web works and web pages are developed so I can understand that and better I guess do
the security aspect.
let's
work.
I
I
think
we can access your
information like for a crime or something. So I do think that they keep a storage but they're not supposed to be going through it from what I understand but I think that they can be used for like crime materials so they do keep her running.
Yeah I don't I don't use those things either. Yeah.
Did
you say anything about that in the study?
Yeah you have to, I would pay just like maybe uh look online just to find basic ways to protect yourself.
I think double authentication is
definitely one but I think there are probably others like last pass I think is
a good way for your passwords so it's not stored
in google.
yeah because
hackers are just they really are really smart, they've learned you uh I never learned to hack which is something that I will eventually have to I guess do but it's challenging honestly and
yeah and they usually have a malicious purpose behind them which is going to them more than me just like passively wanting to learn so I can protect people, they actually want to steal shit and I think motivator,
the dark web,
I have
not
been
on the dark web.
there's
no
I
think
well I mean if it's someone that's stealing stuff that they had delivered to your house, they should.
Yeah there's a lot of times
internet aspect
here.
definitely, it just depends on how good like it's at that point it's like how good the skill set of the people that are working for you are. And I assume the police department does not have a lot of like heavy hitting hacker experience.
Is it
hackers
the movie?
I don't think I've seen it but it's like a classic in the Thank you.
See that's what would scare me about getting into hacking. I feel like no matter what I did I would be caught and then it's not worth like
the FBI showed up at my door especially I'm in D. C. So they're probably just like waiting. Mhm.
Yeah it sounded like it like I think they just have Russian platform who they can put like uh they just spam facebook with information what I and understood
we could
I watched a couple of tv shows and uh it really made me fascinated. And then there was this project that google had called google Deepmind. And it's kind of like showing you how um computers can see things and they wanted people to send in their own images and I learned how to kind of uh I'm going to work with computers in a different way than I ever had. I kind of started wanting, I just wanted to have more questions and
now night
no, I don't know like as far as cybersecurity goes, I don't know what would be the best place, but I guess any company would be exciting because you're always looking for threats and you have an excitement level is always there no matter who you're working for. I just
don't think I work for the government. It's in stressful.
it's
happening more frequently and so I think job security is there once I learned the skill set.
Um This is just like with this kind of career I'm just getting certifications.
So with web development all that studying I'm going to have to do or I'm doing on online courses and then with the security stuff I get certifications and that's like I think $300-$500 per cert. And then I get jobs based on how high I rise through taking those tests.
It's
totally up to me.
It your words taken like, well just the web development part of it is taking like a year and a half and I'm still not done. Like it's it's just so much I don't know if my mind is not completely logical to begin with but just learning the logic of how the programming languages work is taking me a lot longer than I thought it would. It's so fun. It's just hard.
Well I do like I have to make enough money to pay my bills so I do like inter prolific
and whatever to build and when I'm done with whatever I feel like through the day I work I study at the end of the day.
No.
How long is the book
if it's a Children's book maybe?
Yeah I don't know. That sounds like if you have to pay for the book still. I
don't
uh Okay well let's
not.
Yeah it really just depends because $8 your review if it's like a $400 book or $400 400 page
book.
That's
crazy.
How long do you have to be?
That's not bad actually.
no it was fun talking to you seriously mm I hope you have a good day.
I guess
we're all the time so enjoy your same times.
Thank you. I have a lot of studying to do but I hope so.