Clara. Mhm. Hello? I'm sorry. Mhm. Sure. Okay.
Hope that a answer that I don't know why this is not working. Hold on. Sorry, mm.
Okay me too. Me too. Hello?
Okay now I can hear you online. So what's up? Right
trump.
Oh you have cats? I love cats. I had we had a cat um for many, many years. My daughter, she's 20, now and she uh what you would call it, she picked it out when she was younger and so we had her for a really long time. Her name was Delilah, but you know she got old, she got health issues and we have to put it down. It was so sad
um like about a year ago like that for me. Yeah about a year ago.
Oh
it's
horrible. We want to adopt, that's my youngest daughter, we want to adopt a cat. But because of the pandemic it's like a lot of shelters are closed and they're like I filled out an application but I never heard back from anybody to
adopt.
That's what I that's what I did. Yeah. And they want you to fill out this whole big application and they said they'll get back to me, but nobody got back to me.
Yeah. But they're making it difficult because of them have that make its like different, you know? Yeah. So yeah, it's really hard. But I love animals. I love animals. We had a dog of many, many years ago and we had Delilah for many years and she was like white with black spots. I'm like, we don't have a picture. But my daughter, we donated to uh in her name. Like you can donate memory of your cat, you know? Yeah. And we got a picture of the plaque and everything. So what state are you in?
No new york city.
Yeah. Everybody the other day I was talking to my husband's coworker and he's like you got a really release john Brooklyn accent. I mean new york accent and I'm like um I guess it's from years of living here. I wasn't born here though. I was born in Ukraine.
No, I've been here all my life. Like I came without too.
No, I was Ukrainian and my parents decided to move here when I was two years old.
Yes. So we lived here for about a year and then no, I'm sorry we lived in ITaly for about a year after Ukraine and then we moved here. So
No,
I wish I did they at least beautiful at her, you know? But I was you know, two years old. It's like I don't know, memory. I've heard people remember like from really young but I don't have I can't remember. I know. What's the furthest back you can remember?
The childhood.
Five.
Um I think it was like maybe um Maybe 10 or 11. I don't know I maybe because I'm getting older my memory is going I don't know. But uh that's the yeah that's the latest that I can really remember. Like I guess Associated with big events. Like I remember the first time we went to Disney world. That was 13 florida.
so florida
there's a Disney world in florida and there's a Disneyland in California. So um we definitely want to go back you know after all this pandemic stuff going on us hopefully. So how is it
in your
state?
No it is it is it's a lot of fun. Like there's a place you, well the Epcot center back then was like they show you different cultures and you go on these rides and they make it like one area is like Milan and they have the venice, I mean that is and they have the gondola's and everything in the boats and everything is so cool. And then you have from that region and it's really
interesting.
Yeah, yeah, on each like each, you know, separate country where they, you know, like, let's say one in venice italy, so they have italian food and then another way of spain and how spanish. It's really nice.
I think so. I think, you know over the years that they probably, they have universal, they didn't have universal studios back then and uh heard it's really cool. I would love to go, we want to go because I have uh I have four kids. Uh My oldest daughter lives in florida, she's uh she's going to get married and she's Um college graduates. She's 26 and then my middle daughter is 25. And then I have a 22 year old son and a four year old.
she was a surprise kind of the last one. So I had to have. 42.
47
47 47 years old. I feel it. So you know something happened with the prolific when I went on you know when you're supposed to go on to your point. I mean into the meeting it put me straight to the questionnaire which was really weird. Yeah
and
uh you know like it didn't put me to uh like you know we're supposed to put me to the screen and then I just put me I guess when you're finished with your conversation and then you have to answer questions. So it bypassed it but then it says if you had a technical problem just place this U. R. L. Two. So that's what I had to do to you know to get connected with you. I just placed the U. R. L. But why?
Yeah so I don't know. They might have some technical. I um I've been with prolific for a while and sometimes some of the studies they have some issues like technical you know like it's not working out whatever the reason is. So
no this this this particular survey I mean this particular research. Yeah but like in general you know like other studies in perla frank
goodness.
had
no
one of my one of the people that actually help you know like they get us jobs and everything because we do like surveys and stuff like that. He does mturk and a couple of other people do enter. I never done it. You do
it? No.
What?
Oh okay. But somebody does, somebody I know does enter X. Plus this and then they do other stuff and they pay their rent and everything with all this you know side money.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I do that. I do that. Yeah.
do that. Yeah.
Other research Other recent studies that uh like some of them go up to $5.15 or whatever but there's uh other companies that I'm trying to remember their names. Um There's like Focus for Global which is slash singers and their online. Uh See the thing is a lot of places where went remote because of the pandemic. So a lot of them was like butcher books, toilet, a lot of them have in person studies. So because a lot of the political remote, there's more out there. But then there's more people who are unemployed now. So it's like the competition is really high. You know, like I'm a graduate student. I have a bastards are great and we're not even timing our conversation
is supposed
to be like,
are you having? Okay. Cool. Okay. So.
Yeah.
I know, I know the support, but what did I want to say? I forgot what I was talking about.
Oh yeah. So I went to college in online and in the beginning I did psychology but I want to be like a counselor for trauma victims, you know, of crimes and everything because that happened to me 20 years ago. So I know what it feels. And also I wanted to help, you know, others going through something like that. But then my daughter was diagnosed with high functioning autism, my four year old and I saw how A. B. A. You know applied behavioral analysis, how they help with behavior. They help kids with autism and everything. And I was so fascinated. So I just like switched majors and then I did apply behavioral analysis and they don't just help Children, they help adults as well and not only with autism with any behavioral issues. So like um the thing is you have to sit for for like a certification like a big test to get certified and it's like you have to have clinical hours, it's like a lot involved you know? So are you at school or have you been in school?
You're the perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect danger because everything is now computers and. Perfect. Perfect. It's like it's like an I. T. Time kind of thing going on
we don't,
it's interesting how you said cybersecurity because recently I got hacked and um I have been having a lot of issues with a lot of stuff stolen. Um like they got my name, they got my address. What guy? Yeah and I'm like how in the world so I have to do um double authentication, you know like you can like download authenticator, you know app on your phone. So like my Paypal like double like in other words not just the password but in other words I have to put in a code in order to get into these accounts because um I had two instances one that the guy um I don't know how he got my address, my name, everything like that. And um was able to um to, my debit card was able to build um like Bloomingdale's in another state like to design the jackets. And I went to the they did an investigation in my bank. But for whatever reason they said that they put me through to help you how to get my money back because they said they did investigation the fact that he used my name, he had my address so I had to prove it wasn't me. And it was really hard like I went to the precinct um to report it to get a police report and they said I couldn't do it because the bank already did their own investigation and they don't want to take it on. So I had to literally like um so when when this with this guy he got the items delivered under my name to my address. You know what he did? You know how um ups he intercepted like they tell them to to send the merchandise to uh a ups store pickup store. So he did that you
know in order.
Yeah. And it's the thing is how did he like to me my address, my name like you know like security wise. And so that's one thing that happened then another thing that happened um somebody hacked my paypal and you know everything is affiliated, everything is connected to paypal, your bank accounts or credit cards you know, so I was able to have $3000 in my credit card then um there's a lot of money and then went into my bank account. So my bank that was easier to deal with with the credit card. Give me a really hard time. And they like did like a whole bunch of transactions $162.120 $162 trends. I mean a lot and I was like it was a that was a headache and I'm like and then I actually did a study on cybersecurity. Um They were asking I think from my bank and everything because there is stuff in there but these hackers are really really smart and they can they get their way around it. Okay. I know many times I got emails from, that's what I think it happened because yahoo I think there was another organization that had my information said that they got hacked and some of my information was compromised and then I had a study where they said how many um it was asking how much information like oh yeah this is the security, I just did this like two weeks ago. But the company um the you know the assistance like like Alexa and google hall, he said how are you concerned about their security? And somebody on that study? Was it a professional? Was just another person like myself participating? He says he doesn't get those voice assistance because he heard that amazon um actually I'm spies on you. Like you know like
those voice assistance.
I
don't know.
No.
but really I don't think it's legal for amazon to spy on people with the technology that they sell like with Alexa with the home assistant you know ritual.
So this is what this consumer guy he said he heard that they do that but you know you know it's really hard by
cyber.
No they didn't mention it just he he just doesn't get it because of that reason. But um with with I'm just saying like with anything online it's how do you know that you're not being how safe you know all these sites say they're safe and they're encrypted or whatever to make sure that they protect you from these things. But I think this is a really concern and like I noticed I guess I'm using I'm doing my stuff online. Um it's happening to me more often. Oh press
no.
Well
Well
sweet.
Why? Wow.
Yeah.
yeah because you have to I guess get through so many different blocks, you know levels in order to get into someone's information.
I mean you've heard there's something called the black web.
The dark web I'm saying. Yeah the dark web they
some
people
differently.
No, no but I heard like this real scary stuff like they sell people's information on there and lot
of
crazy
stuff.
These are people. Yeah and yeah it's sick you know? But the fact that is out there and the fact that like when I went to the precinct they said this happens all the time and usually they don't find the person. They can't they cost you know criminal reasons. They can't track, they can't track a lot of these people because a lot of them come from other countries. Yeah like how do you reckon how do you what's the footprint for finding someone? Like what computer? There's an I. P. There's like this it's really hard to track right now.
No that was easily. Yeah but I'm saying somebody does something illegal through a computer.
There's a there's
is there
a way they can cover their tracks like on the computer?
that would be cool if they did. But you ever seen the movie where there was like this person and they had government information and
I
don't
I don't remember. But
they were able to get into real like you know government stuff and then they had like government officials FBI come to the door, they're like what are you doing? You know it
Yeah of course.
But they're saying that the 2016 President presidential election that there was a lot of like crazy stuff going on, you know in terms of like facebook and wikileaks and all that.
Why
why don't you want to get into uh the why did you want to get into the topic like the major that you got into or you're getting into? Is there a reason just?
Yeah. You want to work with like google or Apple don't be great
you know that?
I
I know I know a lot of companies they do hire you know um cybersecurity specialists like to it you know to help ensure a lot of stuff with your information and but like it's amazing how big corporations like yahoo and you know Exubera and and even I think it was one time target all the credit card users information was hacked and was
crazy.
definitely 100%. Yeah. So there's going to be probably a lot of companies seeking people like yourself once you're done with them. So this is your B. A. Uh huh
All certifications. Okay. Cool.
So you have to pass those initial tests and this like it gets you certified in different levels like you said right, how long does this whole thing tank like your
dirty,
I was
Yeah I know I could be anything I mean like that but um you have to you know do do work also and this is like you dedicate your full time
chris.
Originally got I don't even remember the company name. Um But some of these things you don't make a lot of money like is um there's a lot of places that like you have to really um it's called One Form Up. I don't know if you heard of them.
Yeah but I don't do anything with them because I don't know if they tell you that they want you to like voice recognition or um that voice recognition. I'm sorry that you listen to people's uh say a word and then you have to repeat it. It's it's I don't I don't even do anything with them. They're they're very complicated. But I recently got a post because the signs up with a place where you read it, you have to read the whole book and give a review on it an amazon. But the only thing is they pay you like like one book and I responded to them that I'm willing to do it like you get on Kindle whatever. Um they pay you $8 for reading it and giving a review plus on top of the amount that you have to purchase the book for. So I don't know if that's very time consuming. Is it worth it or not? I don't know.
I don't know because I haven't like I said I just agreed to do it recently and I'm waiting for them to get back to me and they haven't so I'm not sure how long these books are, you know that they want you to review.
Yeah. No, no, I don't think it is. But they tell you something like if you don't I don't know Zavala involved. So I'm thinking maybe it's not worth it. Uh
I
pay you know after the review they give you them out. You know that you paid for the book for plus $8
due
to the amount of money. Just depends on the bucket.
No,
I know. I know. I know. I know
it's
not with that. No, but I don't know exactly. The book is because I asked them because they said you have to write a review on amazon right? And my amazon,
I think that's a 250 words.
Yeah. But the thing is I that's just done because I said my amazon account is under my husband's name. Can I still write a review? I don't know. Never got back to me yet. But I do notice that there's a lot more studies that like I said out there, opportunities. I feel out like 30 30 Question is a day of 40. Do you do that? Yeah. 25 minutes are up. Oh cool. I hope I didn't bore you too much.
You too
as well.
Good luck with your career. Help you. Successful. Mhm.
Yes. Okay. Bye bye.