723 seconds. 2017. Just get this. Yeah, He has four hits and a career. That's against my master. So there's a, there's news from Trying to block in the room with this back in 72. What are you doing? What about the boxes? It's time to say everything. Yeah. Hold it. Santa has needed, gets in this country. You have a document 32 uh, in the United States States started calling it. So happened better. And he was, I think it's gonna be a really strong either.
How
are you
going? Not too bad. How are you?
I've not done this kind of chat thing before. So it was my first attempt.
He
did it.
got a lot more experience
with,
Well, please do.
thank
you.
mine's always little bit unorganized. But my kidney, I got a new kitty cat for my grand baby.
I gather. Um,
yesterday and my kitty cat is scared to death of her. I don't know what she thinks. She's a lion
or
something, she's just a little tiny thing.
So now she was laying on my bed and she's like
yeah, jesus you, you know, yeah,
I do love
flowers,
I can tell, I've
got,
you should see my outside. If I could take you outside, you would love it. It's the most beautiful time of year I think for hibiscus, like a great big Hawaiian flower, you know? And
they're like paper mache. A so they only last really in the face, you might get a day and a half out of them, but um um but they're all in bloom right now and I have like 15 of them everywhere.
correct?
No, no,
I'm not tropical, it's just
it's
kind of type of planet.
I'm in new york.
Why are you?
Oh my gosh! Across the country, y'all a really sick card chuck. Have you had good
luck with it?
with pizza.
The
That's the way I am
one.
you can,
I'm pretty hungry down. I just
I'm older
and so it's, you know, with its, I have um uh breathing issues too, so that doesn't help very much. Yeah.
Yes, I have today is I think it is the most maybe the most
humid day that I've had. And I've been in up here A long, long time over 20 years and I have never had this bad human is just like mm sit on the bed with the fail on the air conditioning, but when you're still sweating Yeah,
I'm
not
by
Syracuse.
they are,
is that
It's
way
too big for me. I'm in the little tiny um right on the lake and uh it's,
the lake is
um in the winter time I would, I think there's not too many states.
I wouldn't rather live
in. We
have
thanks.
Is that right? Wow.
How did you get all the way up there then?
Yeah.
Well
There you go. I understand that. I
was born and raised
in Florida, lived there most all of my adult life,
30 years of my adult life, I lived there and uh,
I would say I'd
rather be down there. I don't know how I actually ended up in living in new york. If you would've asked me if I would ever live in new york 30 years ago, I would say absolutely
not
because my opinion
on new
york was like new york city, you know, then I didn't really want nothing to do with it, but I'm uh
upstate
and so it's a lot different type of, you know, weather situation, but being right on the lake, they call it, I never knew what the word meant. Lake effect snow. Have you ever had that? It's like everybody else gets about, you know, they get 30 maybe they'll, they'll say um two ft and you're gonna get in uh Syracuse that right in this little, you can add another foot to him, not right off the bat. Okay.
Lake
Ontario. Yeah,
like I
would write on Lake Ontario, I don't live
on the lake, I live like a rock star from it, but my property is a lot less expensive than living right by the lake.
I was in a little town called Niceville. It's signed
a very panhandle. It's, if you, if you went much further, nice ville is like um under as far to the panhandle as you could go. Um without hitting Alabama, we're right next to Alabama are,
that's
big city too, kind of a little too big for me. I can't stand driving in Syracuse as the years have grown. I've only gotten worse and if it's snowing, forget it. I cannot, I have snow anxiety and that's just all I can call it. I get
behind
the
wheel
of
a color. I can't stand it. I wish I could carry you around and let you see some of my flowers. But um, I'm a little bit disabled. I got a pretty, we can't really see it.
It's a right there. It was sliced open from like right here, so right
up here and it's just now almost healed. But
yeah, I'm okay. It's just going to leave an awful scar. It was unbelievable
the way that it happened. But I was just uh I was, I tripped over an extension cord and I hit the floor really hard and when I opened my eyes the dog was licking my face and I looked down and my arms just split right open. And I there was nothing there, nothing, there was no table, no Children, nothing. I could have hit bear florida, just split my arm right open.
Oh, I was too, it was it wasn't the uh it wasn't one of my proudest moments.
you
don't
want,
no,
I wouldn't let him take me to the hospital and he's a nurse. And so I said, well
just
butterfly it or do whatever is the best you can to it because I'm not I don't I'm not going to school. And so he did
a butterfly develop. I think what
he says
happened
is that
I had had a dislocated
thumb and when I had that happened I broke my wrist
and
um so he had to put a plate in and he went to two or three different operations and it just kind of started splitting
at the at that cut out the incision for the operation and then it just went almost all the way to my elbow.
he's a
nurse
here in town
and
yeah he's it's almost well by now it's just got a little space on it. It was very it was nasty but he.
ours is I don't know they just they sent
it like he is um he gives shots to people for allergies and so that's his job all day is to give shots to people and their scheduled like every however many half hour. I don't know how much apart are scheduled but they are scheduled at times apart from each other. Can uh he he has to go and so every day he's seeing multiple multiple people. And it just really we've got uh what do you
do? Stop it? Oh come here come here. Yeah. Hey hi hi
look you up here. No I don't think I can get you down that far there. There's e
huh.
Shetland sheepdog.
he is so
uh he's kind of timid but he is such a good dog. Like I have my five year old lives with me and I'll have friends over for this or that or the other and he corrals them Children just like he's you know he and if one of them they were not allowed to go past the trampoline. And
so
if his if if those girls go beyond that trampoline will you stop leave her alone. She don't want to be
tested by you. It wants you to go outside and play and she don't want to go out. She was
an old lady.
Yeah she's
probably
I had a little my favorable little tiny teacup.
uh it was
the cutest little thing you know that
brand used to be? It's a little
taco
dog
does it Taco
bell or something? He's just a little tiny cutest little thing you've ever seen. But Um my daughter found him and the other one my other Chihuahua in the road in the middle of the storm a
snowstorm on valentine's
day. So she calls me up and she says mom
I found
she says there's two dogs there's three dogs in the door in the rug and I don't know what to do. I says well get him out of the
road
you know and right
in front of
the, one of them got ran over And she jumps out of the cars. Her and her boyfriend ran to catch the other two. Like, God, I'm and she said I'm gonna come see you because they weren't coming
over.
She says, I'm going to come see you, okay? All right. And over she comes with that. I fell in love at first sight. There are no question. I just both of them and I just love him to pieces. I'm not getting out much. They're like um you know, even more with my family. They just, you know, I'm always with them. Uh making sure they were eating and got food and water. And so they would be nice to me most of the time,
yep. To do. I have two dogs, two dogs,
in the backyard. You don't have any animals. Mhm.
Know why you have been a
Yeah.
boy.
Did you?
You gave
him away?
so defeating. I don't mind that, I want to,
no,
my
neighbor's
dog since dogs just ripped them, he ran over there and he dogs just ripped and write a part. It was that was a horrible experience. And uh the man is like oh I'll get you another one, I'll get you another one, you can't just get another dog, you know, that's not the way it works. But I've had um that sonny that shell and she's done, I got her after that and I've always
had an african grey and so she was like all the kids they've had, they all had cats, dogs, hamsters, uh no snakes, I don't do snakes.
Yes they are. To me they're scary even when they're not out this weekend. And our talent is like the, the town festival where
um, they call it harbor fist. It's got like, uh, you know, it's just the fares and all the every parks got some kind of something going on for Children, bands player than everything. Uh, They canceled the whole thing and it's just like last summer. There you go. It was, they have a myself as the days have grown older. Um, I don't fight it anymore. I just stay home and watch the line of traffic go by. It's just, I mean that's terrible. We only live about mile and a half or two from the lake And so you can, I can get from my house to that park in less than 10 minutes. And after the fireworks, it took almost three hours to get to my house. So I got, uh, we learned that um, we're park uh, a little bit farther away in our house and then just ride the bus up where we take one car down there and leave it so that we can go back and forth. And then um just take the bus down to the side and we've got our car with coolers and stuff in it. And we used to be real big until when the girls were little and my Children was little, we was there all the time. My even
more.
No
no
it's
um no for uh this last week are the first week of honest. It's um it's like uh the festival of the year. It's you know it's it lasts usually for the whole week. They start putting up tents and everything on Tuesday, the bitter fruits. Well no, I don't know what that noise was. My husband doesn't around with the oh weed whacker trump or whatever it is like.
What is that?
NATO. I know I'm.
Hm.
yeah we've we've been up there um several different times but now
that I don't have any young mr Chase after well now
well I didn't have any youngest chase after
for
a few years and then one of them moved back home and so I have a five year old that lives with me and I take care of
her most
of the time
or she takes
care
of me whichever whichever happens to need something at the moment. She
helps me a lot because I'm disabled and like you
know I have a hard time picking up a gallon of milk with that hand and so
it's
can be
difficult in some situations
and
with her little bitty hands she just right there. Here you go. Ready. She calls me daddy when the first
grand
young was born. Um
You
know they don't know what what are you gonna what are they going to call your grandma or because their
their
grandma is called man
and they call her then. And so Rebecca said that she that uh she wants they're going to call me. Uh huh. Um grandma I said no that ain't you can take the girl out of the south but you ain't taking the south of the girl. I grew up with granny's everybody I knew had grannies and she's going to have a granny tour she did. Now there is
one.
Well I have
room that I have got uh so
many
different types of craft room. So we do a lot of crafting, we do a lot with flowers in the summer time. We I
set up a
little
stand
out front
And um set three
flowers
um free for a smile.
It's me.
Uh No, she
don't go to school. My, they the governor said that schools can reopen and so every county is deciding one way or the other and then I think the parents eventually are going to be the ones that make the decision, whether they're going to go back or whether they're not going to go back or whatever. Um but they haven't came to
decision in my county yet exactly in my school and the baby
school,
haven't
decided
what they're gonna do. Uh
it's
unbelievable.
But I
like I said, this was one of my first video chat things and it's very, really skeptical of it because there's just so many crazy people out there. But
I had
uh the one
that
I
did,
it
was
the girl was a sweetheart and my husband was inside and we got talking about flowers and so he took the computer out and
um I might be able to do it. I'll try yes, see if I can get it to my
arm,
flooded.
I don't want I don't
trip over
that damn court. I guarantee
you that extension cord is not there anymore. Mm Let's go outside. Okay.
I'm not going to go off with that because I can't get down the stairs as long as they don't
come back with a weed wacker, you won't be able to hear them, see nothing. Yeah.
Yeah, come on johnny. Right, Yeah, come on in the summer, Go which one you're gonna do?
Go ahead, stay
in there, you're okay. Mhm. And a little bedroom
with the air conditioner in it and that that door is shut shoe, you know in a minute. But I'll try to turn you around I don't know what you're going to be
able to see. Yeah
so there I don't know if you'd be able
to see
down
there
at the
see those white ones right
there, they're um they're the hibiscus but I can't take you over there to show you because uh uh it's going to fall.
Yeah. Yes that's true.
She don't like
to go,
I
tell you if I didn't have my yard, that's the thing, you know with Uh huh Excuse me um with
parents with you know they have their Children and they're like an apartment building or something and then you go going crazy. Just you know, there's nothing for you can't they closed all the parks, they can't go to parks, they can't do nothing. And if I would, if I would have had a tiny secluded yard, I've been, I've been crazy by now. Well, I'm not really
thinking,
mm hmm. The lady that I got before she was, she was left real real sleep. Oh, I have a, most of the people like sometimes I'm slow. That's what I was doing. I was telling me that I didn't know, uh, I'm the old granny and I don't like, she took today, she took my
phone and I had gotten a new phone and I don't know how to get messenger on there because there's like messing, there's facebook and then there's the, I don't know the other message. And so some people would come on now and some people would come on the other one and I couldn't figure it out. And I said, where is the little lightning bolt at? And she says right here, granny, I said why not? How do I get it over to my page? She
just
takes she's got my phone in her head, she takes that phone and she goes over there to that one page that's got all the things on it and she just drags that little lightning bolt with her finger and it was on another page and I'm like, she is a smart cookie. She sure is, she teaches me every day, she
seems to teach me something new that um like yesterday we went and uh we had to go to the doctor for me and then we went to the uh oh to the to the hair place and she is very particular with her hair, you're not allowed to take off more than a half inch. You know, sometimes you get yours is really strangling, you gotta take off a little bit, you will never cut it too short William. No, no. And so, uh huh she wanted, she did both our hairs and she wanted uh
she wanted me to get my banks cut and I, you know, I'm not a banking person evidently, but they were all along like this. And so I got them cuts where I went ahead, chop them off or whatever, and so this morning she gets up and of course it looks beautiful, you leave the
hairdresser,
right, you open a little, come here little girl there and it looks beautiful heck with it. And this morning she wakes up and I'm sitting here at the computer and she's laying over yonder in bed next to me and she sits up and she goes, granny banks just don't suit you owe,
like, okay,
nothing like telling you like it is, but I just, I couldn't even believe she would have thought to say that. You know, it's like where did you come up with some of this stuff?
But the
first,
the first two years of her life, she, I was, I was withered and she was her favorite thing with that um, mickey mouse channel and Nickelodeon. Oh, she loved it and we would tape it and she would just, and then I gather when she was two years old, I got her abc mouse and I honestly those commercials as far as I'm concerned that child, she would not have half of the smartness that she's got and she hadn't have watched all those. I mean she just does, like I said with the telephone, she sits on Youtube And watches the how to do things and stuff to
watch is
huh.
Yeah. She sits there and she watches, she will take the channel changer. She got her own tv in there. She goes to um the Youtube channel and to all of these there's some girls, she's got real big black glasses
but she's constantly uh doing different things and arranging different videos and this stuff and my my little girl just amazes me every day. But of course I'm a lot older but I have, I've never met one quite as smart as she is.
But when she was, she went to uh free school, She went every day for two hours and then she went to kindergarten. And so when we were about um in january they were talking about letting her grow up to first grade and we was like, well, you know, I mean Oliver, she's got her friends in her class now and she's made friends in their, you know uh She would, you know let's don't that's probably
not the best idea right now we don't want to do that. And so then this came about and it worked out right. She
stays
here
keeps me company but she is just she's defense for herself a lot. Mhm.
Oh yes it is.
No I heard a home and I think maybe then yet they they get to um throw parties in your backyard.
how do you do it to stay home and then the house all day and stuff.
If
I
didn't have my yard I would go crazy. I
just
wow. Today is 44 years five years ago actually. Um wow
My Trump eyes. No. four years I was gonna say uh I've been celebrating all day long with bottle of wine. I
had my boobies chopped off four years ago on this. Yeah.
Well,
Oh my gosh. I would not envy her. Nobody would envy her. But at this time with everything else going on shoot. Uh
But
what?
I
had breast
cancer.
Yeah, it had went, I had to get them both chopped off because well, I made that decision. Um, because my mother had breast cancer and two of her sisters had breast cancer. And so the chances of up, I had one of the ants had one removed and then she the other one killed. And so I said, if you're gonna do it, I mean, I didn't have a fist sized little booby. I had small. I mean, I don't think that Greece and some like 10 years old. I couldn't even fill up a training bra.
But now I got these, you can't even see a moustache. Got these great men, gold, 38. There's a size 38 men. Like now I can walk by the construction crew of guys and then like, wow, look at that chick, you know? Well that was a chicken. But all it is is just a pill, a film, little cushions, you know, a little uh just phone whatever. I've got the ones that attached to your skin kind of. But to me, it's like what you get when you take them off. It's like they glue them on or something and it's awful. I can't stand taking them off, so I don't even use them. I just um you know, like when my daughter got married and you know, there's certain things that I'll use them before. But to lucky I didn't have any in the first place when I get no one's now. And it's just, there's so much to it now, is your cousin, are they going to have a are they gonna remove both of them?
What stages
is?
yeah,
as
she
don't sucking
opinions.
there's
that's that's it, yeah, half of the battle is right here, you know, if you can I
myself joke about my big boobies, I turn it into a joke, I bring it up before anybody else, you know, they're like, wow, what do you do? You know the last time I saw you? But I don't uh I just didn't want to go through it. But they have they put the expanders in and one of my friends had hers done and she did that, she did
it for
a breast reduction
or whatever, but um she they took
them off but they put in, they put in like expanders and oh it was just an awful experience for her
and she said if she had to go through it to go that she would have didn't do it. I got to people's opinions. But the first, the first one I should have listened culture to the second one. But the first one, she just flat pissed me off the day that she told me that I had it. Um I had an appointment with the following week and she had she had done the biopsy and I had an appointment next next
week with it
or whatever. And so she calls me up about quarter after four on april 7th april 20th. She calls me overnight to see all 4 20 day as she calls me up and she says, um well
I got your results back. It is you've got this happiest little old voice and sweetest little thing you ever heard? Not, I'm positive. I mean, I don't have a tomato to get. How can I get cancer? I don't know how many movies and cancer, you know, or whatever.
And uh, if they had told me lung cancer, tell us I smoked for 35 years. And so I would have said, well, see, there you go. This wasn't something that I could have, you know, no matter what I did, I was going to prevent it. Yeah. So I'm just making a joke and if you can't make fun of yourself, you know, if you can't laugh about it, you're all you're gonna do a spar,
Yeah. My little um I was telling myself this morning that the way that I could remember it, because my uh little baby was born in october and I had my surgery in august, and then she was born in october. So
uh no, she was born in october and then I had my surgery the following uh
the following august and she was like uh not quite a year old. And so she didn't really, you know, she didn't really understand what's going on, but she's so funny, we're standing in line somewhere, olive garden
or somewhere, got the whole family with us, everybody's gone there, that's all in good time hallelujah! And I'm holding her standing in line and we play a little game at home, it's okay, you know? And she just reaches right over there since Hong kong. Uh yeah,
it felt like everybody on the floor is looking at me going along uh she tells it all the time, so there's no big deal, you know? But you don't do it, do it in a restaurant. She is a cutie
though.
I I don't know what
I'd
do
without her because she just um I was so active and I was always going and long than doing this and not in the other and uh now I just
feel like I
got the life sucked
down and
doing. But um
your your friend you just she gonna is she gonna have a, are they going to replace them too?
What?
That
will
how
well
dish?
Well
Oh my gosh. Lord of mercy.
How is she going to
take
care of him a lot?
Oh Lord. I don't I feel very touched for her. It's really uh a lawful experience to go through it. And um I was doing some writing for a piece last night and um it
just, I don't know because this is, how long did it take you before you started feeling normal again? and it's like
what, that hasn't happened yet, I just don't know if I'm ever, yeah, I feel like a real woman again, how can you be a woman without, you know? But I have to put that thought, oh what are you back yonder and let it go if I lived with that thought and I was just and that's you know, one thing to encourage her is you know, you just tried to, you know, I got lucky and I didn't I didn't have to do the chemotherapy with cut them up and or whatever, so I got really, really lucky and I didn't have to go through all of that. Um I just,
I can't
imagine that my friend is she's going, going, went through the chemotherapy and monster hair and everything, oh button now she's better and cancer is not gone, but it's better. I don't know exactly what stage or whenever she's in that she's, she's doing good. And I just think, yeah, you can't drill into people in love about the attitude if you've got a bad attitude about it. Um, I can't imagine getting to it. I just cannot admit if I couldn't know, laugh with friends about it. If I was just, I just don't, I don't know what,
attitude helps more than
anything else as far
as I'm concerned,
Yeah.
Really worried
about my
brother is, uh,
he's an intensive care in Syracuse. Um,
and so
Just waiting
for the 8:00 phone call Are the 9:00 on call to say everything's okay, You feel the same. And uh, got through today, let's shoot for tomorrow. He's got Polly, I can almost say it, polycystic, uh,
kidney speak A. D. And uh, He's been, he's had this, he's been on dialysis for 12 years and
I see
movie stars and rich people, they find out and
boom, you know, it happens
just
like that. They get
tomorrow.
They got a new kidney. And I've tried, I wrote on my car, put on facebook page up for my writer's
name on the car next needs a kidney. And um, and I've been doing it. I put them all over facebook
and oh, now he's just, it's got to the point where he's like, I'm done, I don't wanna fight no more nature and are, I just don't
want
to fight.
And
that's, you know, if you don't fight
for yourself, nobody else is going on. And I think that's
why
you have
come
out of it
as much
this
time. It's just
so tired
of enlightenment. Thank God he's
religious
person
to.
And
uh, he feels
like he's
going,
basically,
he knows he's gonna die. And um, he'll be able to see
daddy
mama
hopefully
and
have a reunion. Just try to be positive. That's
all you can do. You know? So
just so aggravating
right now because they will only let one person go up one time a day from two o'clock Until 6:00, but that person has to go in the room, stay in the room and if they come out even to go to the bathroom, they have to leave the hospital. And so, uh, again, you know, they would let
one stayed for two
hours and then another one stayed for two hours. I thankfully, I guess I don't have such a big family because yeah, right now my husband dolls, I bet I, I'm not um, uh, this time I haven't, I haven't been up, I went up the last time and then he went back in the hospital and that's when we had once. He came out of the last time and he said it was such an awful experience being incubated or obviously that word and that, but that two down his throat and everything and said, I don't ever want to go through that bullshit. And uh, he just, he didn't want, and he says this time he's like, listen,
this is because I love, you would like to stay with you as long as I have, can ever stay and stay on the search with you the rest of your life if I could. But he says,
I don't want to
be here
no more. I do want to look like this. You can't walk. You can't do this. You can't. Yeah. And it's just, I don't, I don't want to be one. I'm not living like this. Whoa. Uh you got to think about your daughter. You got to think about your daughter. Yeah. Yeah.
That gets a little a tune. So
that's okay. It's God's plan. That's all you can. Yeah, be thankful that you're not one that's worse with all these people
dying justice virus has gone crazy. And our president is uh my
he's a okay. I've never, I don't know. I just uh I don't do politics. Um but this guy is
we're, oh, just, you know,
everybody said this.
Yes, I am definitely voting in november by all means.
I would like to kept Obama for another four years. I mean, Yeah, but my people are focused on south. They are the most, a lot of them are older than I am or whatever, but they
already doing Social Security and stuff
like that
and
they know him.
Well and they
made them
get on Obamacare down the, my folks down south, they made him get on Obamacare. And so that's all I hear from every one of them is Obamacare. I didn't want Obamacare blah blah blah. I don't know, I don't I didn't have any affiliation with it so I couldn't tell you for Obamacare is good or bad compared to my insurance company or anybody else's but I know those people don't like it. Yeah, we bought that our time. Yeah,
it was very nice talking to you. Thanks
for letting
me get some
of that off
my
thank you
so much. Have a wonderful night now.
You too,
bye now I think.