Hello?
Good. How are you?
What's your name?
Mhm. Hey, I'm Elizabeth.
Okay. So what do you do?
I work in the courts. Mm. Yeah. And administration. Right. Yeah.
So
what
for Superior Court just so we manage grants, um this stuff to keep the courts running finance,
that kind of stuff. What do you do being retired?
Oh, that's nice.
I love to travel. I actually got stuck in peru with Covid
like because of co video, they shut the
before I could get out. So it was,
I went in March and they closed. I was meant to come home I think the 21st for the 20th. That's Sunday, whatever it was. And they closed the country on the 16th.
So I was stuck there like an extra eight days, nine days before I could get a like a government fly out. So, But
I live in Georgia. I was trying to see, well I have animals here, but I had like my friends like can you get to England like to see which government would help help. But I don't think I had I don't think I don't usually travel with my english passport when I'm traveling on this side of the world. So. But yeah, it was interesting. Yeah.
That's
lucky
home.
because
the credit
freeze been hit hard. I that's uh
block.
All
that's nice.
Yeah, it's been nice to save. I had um I didn't have I had booked to go to philadelphia for like a long weekend with a friend but with all the protests and with it was like right after the election we just a numbers soaring we just decided probably postpone it. But I know I haven't booked I'm I'm wanting to do every space camp next year and I'm kind of like book it, do I wait until the next year? So I don't know it's.
I would
love
did they
like
it?
That's that's up there on my list. I'd like to see the gorillas in the wild and let go of the congo. Not sure how safe that is. But ignorance. We'll see. I've got a bucket list. Like a mile along with places I want to go. Yeah. It's it has it's been a strange year.
I moved here when I was 18 coming up for like 15 years.
Yeah. Well I moved here to go to school university and stayed I stay I got by I'm american system and I got married and then we got divorced but I stayed because I like it too. Like my job. But
I went to U. J. Yes and then I stayed and did a master's afterwards. What did you do before you retired?
That's still to be in
it's crazy.
there's a lot of money and
I even now people working from home they're making and not having to commute.
that's correct, yeah, one of my friends uh I grew up with her in England but she moved over here and she was living in from san Francisco and I can only imagine what she I mean she lived in like the center and I'm like I can't even imagine what you paid for rent. So her husband
Beyonce at the time was living in the center of new york and like you're both paying,
can
you imagine like the house you could, you know that you could have bought with the rent name? That's
Tiny.
I'm
the same. I mean I I grew up outside London so I guess I'm used to the prices being through the roof of being here so long. I'm in the south. I mean still in the south. So it's, I'm used to the lower prices. Yes, but it's it's crazy. I just when she told me that I was like, I couldn't imagine like even what you could travel like can you imagine the money you could travel with? I would be going all over the place, so, but and what
else to do?
And
where's your, so where's the favorite, where's your favorite place that you've been
for?
I've been to Malaysia when I was little. I remember a little bit in Hong kong but I'd like to get out there and I want to do Vietnam and cambodia to like I on my list.
So
So I didn't realize so Vietnam locked down but they're not
letting people out.
What
I guess the one thing I have heard my parents traveled Vietnam and they and then I've had friends. It's from what I've heard. Unless you're saying like five star hotels, it's relatively cheap but the food that kind of stuff.
That's
I guess they'll be cool place to be stuck. Maybe like lots to see and if you can see it do stuff. But
in peru we had like we weren't allowed to leave their B and B. Like they had like I mean it was yeah you didn't you stayed inside but
Um I did psychology for underground in criminal justice for grad school. I'd like to go back and do I want to do something with Anthropology because I'd like to study the Mayans just because of some tricks I've done. But I don't have any background in anthropology so I probably have to go back to your masters or something before I could do a doctorate. So yeah we'll see.
I'm
kind of in like I needed a break when I was done with my masters and I'm kind of wondering I do want to do a doctorate like it's on my list but I have been the right mindset to
do it
Well
I
don't
know
I don't know if it's gonna be like all the papers and stuff and just writing a whole dissertation and that's the one thing I'm kind of like I don't know if I want to do it but that's why I would want to do it I guess not for my career. Just something I'm interested in. Have we? I did a hike to El Mirador in Guatemala and it was just really interesting that there's not very much known about, you know, they don't think they even found the rulers, they've never found where they're buried and just kind of understanding more about that everyday life. I thought it would be interesting. Yes, but we'll see it
has to be online because I don't wanna be tough to go into class, you know? Yeah.
Just
is it?
I
I started teaching so it was before it was around february before the pandemic hit here, one of my friends, I'm always looking for like extra travel money and she was like, oh my like boyfriends aren't teachers online like english online and I was like okay, so I started doing that and I do that most days now, so just to give me something to do since there's not, I mean I can't really go anywhere and it's it's very early or very late so my God they so
Yeah most of the students are really sweet and it's it's one thing I can do like if I do travel I can keep doing it as long as I like a hot spot or something, it's quite like it, I'm
good.
Yeah, there um some of the schedules, some of those kids have like shocks me like they have like laminated schedules of just, I mean I don't know when they just rest, it must be how much work, but yeah and but I'm so jealous that because a lot of some of them are like four years old and they're starting so they're going to be completely fluent, like it'll be it'll be amazing for them, so.
Earth,
that's
Because they haven't, they haven't
had yeah some of these students, I mean there I have one boy who's he's got to be like 11, he's the highest level of talk and he's fluent like he jokes with me. He I mean his vocab is incredible like I think better vocabulary than so but and then there's some like what do I have a little five year old and she's like they're great, it's just amazing how quickly they pick it up but I mean
you
can make any sound like when you're so young so. Yeah yeah they're they're very good at it but
I know.
Oh go ahead.
They do. I'm always shocked how quickly they pick it up but I'm
not, language is not my shampoo. I have a friend and he is he spanish, I'd say spanish is his first language speak spanish english creole but I will say like an english word and he'll he'll know it and be using it like after I've said it once and I'm like it takes me like 10 days to learn one spanish one like remember it so something
U
c santa.
Let's
body
you can understand it.
Yeah. We did growing up in England we did French and German and I don't think they started offering Spanish when I was about 13 which is kind of late to start it. So I did it for a year But I had done French and German since I was like six or 7 so I went back and but I know if you can speak my friend who speaks spanish he can understand italian and french, I want to say he's a he french a little bit but on
breast.
But
but isn't japanese is like chinese with the symbols right? I mean.
Say it
For
the one word.
I always do. They read is it down the book? Yeah. Okay.
Having a whole like I can imagine like trying to learn that. Oh yeah I I do remember one of my little students, she was like we were doing numbers and she was counting in chinese and I was trying to listen to see if I you know could pick it. I was like no I have I'll pick this up
I'm thinking.
But
Ship.
I
didn't know that. I don't think we have any I don't know
if the platform I I teach on does kids in Japan? I know sometimes the students will be in the U. S. Or in Canada like maybe with family or something at school but I had talked one school, one kid in Hong kong but I don't think I've ever had any from Japan. I have to go look and see if they yeah.
No.
Isn't english one of the hardest language because every everything you know doesn't follow all the rules.
Well.
I
didn't.
Oh that I didn't know.
That's cool.
Did
you pick it up? We were able to it.
I've always wanted to go to um I guess is it kyoto? I don't know if I'm saying that right like I'd like to
go see
I'd like to go
well
well.
If
so
you but you actually live there as well did you?
Okay. Did you like it? I mean
Would
you
have you have you been back since
both?
Of
yeah it's quite long. What's the flight time on that? It's quite a ways.
That's quite a long flight. Yeah when I hit I'm so used to eight hours like here from from here to England, it's like when I hit over eight hours I'm ready to go ready to get
off a plane.
It's too it's too long. So
how are you?
the
that's a long I think the longest I've done is 14 14 hours from when I went to Thailand and then Mauritius and it was it was brewed, it was a long flight so
Is it not?
of
Gosh.
Yeah if there's no reward of like stuff to see it's kind of
So where's your next trip?
Let you
I'm sure you had a lot cancelled.
I guess it's your time to try like when you would usually travel.
That's
first.
I don't
think anyone knows what
The only
thing
I see I don't mind vaccinations. I will do you know I've done all my vaccines I had to go get the yellow fever for Colombia. I'm fine. I guess my thing is that they've done it so quickly that but what a vaccines usually take at least four years to make. So I'm like I want to take one that's met you know that you're not that I mean I don't know just that's the only thing that worries me is that it's been
Before
that's
Take
their time. Yeah I've met people on both ends like, oh, I'm going to be the first one in line and I'm not touching that. So it's like
is it?
I
have a problem with vaccines. My only thing is it's so quick. So hopefully like you said, it's not the election is done, maybe it'll be okay. But yeah, I'm fine with, you know, I think we should personally, I believe in vaccines. Uh huh.
We'll see. Uh huh
I had one, was it saturday that didn't show up, but actually they think they scheduled it for yesterday and he showed that whoever it was showed up and he seemed very nice as college.
I've
met some people,
You're
I've had a whole, I mean I've had older, younger, you're the first person I've met that likes to travel like because I love travel. Like I I probably they're probably sick of me talking about it, but it's like my favorite thing to do. So it's you're the first person that I've spoken to that's like to do it.
That of
Yes, we'll take care.
Bye