Hi,
how are you?
I'm doing pretty good.
My name is Nathan.
Hi Elizabeth.
I am retired. How about yourself?
Is
that
civil Civil Court of Criminal Court?
I say
Well right now I'm at my mom's house and she's recovering from a back surgery. So I'm here taking care of her, helping her get up and about
and then the rest of time I spend a lot of time travelling with my wife. Um Not so much right now with the pandemic, but that was our big hobby before the
that
my goodness,
When was that?
Oh my goodness.
And where were you, where were you headed home to?
We were we were in the Caribbean in early March. We were on like one of the last cruise. Is that they let go before they closed that down.
In
fact,
yeah. In fact, before we got on they were making everyone, you know, fill out extra question errors and do temperature checks and all that and I think we were the last one or next to last one. They let
sale
out.
we've we've had a we had a bunch of trips cancelled over
this year and next year or so by to give us time to spend you
know with my mom and family and
little money and.
we have an acquaintance we actually met on a cruise ship. He's uh he's a bartender at one of their martini bars and of course he's he's off for three months of the year and he and his wife did that last year,
they
went in to Everest Base camp and they posted a lot of pictures online and stuff.
It
looked like
they did they did they had a great time.
that's for sure that's for sure. So how long have you been in the U. S.
okay so a while?
Did you go to school in Georgia or?
So I was a computer programmer before I retired so.
Well yeah it certainly pays a lot more now than it did when I was activated. I see the kind of salaries that people are making working for facebook and amazon and
and Microsoft and it's crazy. I mean people on the west coast we're making You know $3 $400,000 a year and it's just nuts it's blown up.
No.
Exactly exactly. You know they're living somewhere where they can live off you know 30-35,000 a year and then making San Francisco or Seattle money while doing it at the same time.
that's
like crazy crazy
money.
Now and see you know money like that for for you know rent and houses having grown up in the south and lived in the south my entire life I just can't wrap my head around, you know, people paying a million a million five just for a really tiny
place to live
just.
So
well I mean we we spend a lot of time, we we live on a lake um up in north central Northwest. Arkansas is where we retired to. It's always spent a lot of time in the summer time, either on the golf course or going to the lake and then during the fall of the spring is usually when we travel and of course, you know, not been doing much of that but other than that, I mean that's that's pretty much it, you
know, we're kind of outdoorsy during the summertime and then we traveled during the rest of the year.
That is a good question. So I'm kind of partial to ASia myself.
Um I really like Japan and Korea but also like Southeast Asia as well. I like Malaysia and Singapore as well.
So
we have we have friends who um they retired early as well and they're kind of slow traveling the world right now and they are stuck in Vietnam. They've been stuck in Vietnam for several months and can't leave the country.
That's
yeah. They had a kind of a resurgence and they locked down and they were kind of trapped there. So they've
been there, they've had to extend their visa a couple of times I think. They've been there about six months now.
And yeah, that's that's the kind of travel that they like to do. You know they There are a couple who actually sold everything and are literally kind of moving around the world three months at a
time. They've been doing that, they've been doing that for a couple of years. Um they were tired when he was about 45. Um And you know they've been at it a couple of years but right after, I mean practically right after they started their kind of stuck there in Vietnam for a while
there.
So what did you study at university?
I just, you know I went as far as my masters and that's as far as my patients went as far as academic world, you know, I was like okay that's enough, I'm going
to stop now.
I
tried, you know over the course of my career I tried going back twice. Once I decided I wanted to get my M. B. A. And another time I wanted to get a I wanted to get a masters in electrical engineering because I was interested in that as well.
But once I had been out of school and in the working world for five or 6 years I just couldn't do it anymore. And by then you know I had young kids and you know working a full time job and I just I didn't have the motivation to
to
go
through it all over again.
Russia.
And you know now that haven't been able to do anything but sit at home practically for nine months, I start thinking about that more again, it's like well maybe it's time to start thinking about you know more education or something to fill the time you
know there's just
nothing to do a lot
of the time.
Yeah I've heard I've talked to a couple of people who do that online for money. It seems like they enjoy it.
Are
they are they chinese students because everyone I know who does it, It's always chinese students. Yeah.
Well you know and and china has done a good job with that recognizing that they need actual native speakers you know to be able to become fluent. Um When I was in my twenties I lived in Japan for a couple of years and you know they're they're just
as hard core about studying and they start studying english as soon as they get in school
from the time. You know there are five years old all the way through university, but very few can actually speak it because they don't have anybody to model it after, they don't have anyone to converse with. So I mean they'll understand everything you're saying, but most of them can hardly speak at all just because
they have
and that's the time to do it too. I mean your mind is so flexible when you're
that age.
I'm
at the time.
Oh no I said I imagine so. I mean talking to the other people I've talked to you know online who who do it, say that there really fun to work with and they're very very quick, they pick it up.
No.
so yeah, so I grew up in south texas and we're kind of immersed in spanish language, so I mean there's a lot of bilingualism here and so almost everyone who grows up in this part of the country has a pretty at least working knowledge, you know, basic spanish. So
I'm
good with spent, well I understand it, but
I mean when I, when I go to spanish speaking countries on trips, I'm able to make my way, you know, around just basic basic travel, you know, level vocabulary and um but I mean same with Italy, we've been to Italy several times and it's close enough to
be able to kind of
yeah, I understand and make your way through it.
You know the trickiest, the hardest time I had because I studied japanese while I was there because I wanted to get fluent while I was there working in Japan and the hardest thing I had was that in my mind seems to be like english and then nodding was and I couldn't like
put a third language because there's the english word in the non english sort of wait wait, there's more than one non english word. And I had a hard time creating
a third compartment for language
as far as the yeah they use the same symbols but not the same pronunciation for the symbols. It's kind of weird. So you know if you you can look at the symbols and you understand the meaning but you wouldn't be able to pronounce them
between china and Japan because they use completely the same symbol is pronounced differently. Um Japanese uses a lot of syllables. So I mean there may be five or six syllables for that
for
that condi. And whereas in chinese we just one sound.
yeah. Down and and right to left. Yeah
stuff
well
you know and chinese is tonal, you know and they use different, you know, tones and emphasis to distinguish stuff. And japan doesn't, it's very monotone and they use instead of using more tones, use more
syllables
there,
correct.
Well
japanese is super easy to learn as far as the spoken language now, you know, learning to read it, that's that's a different story. But as far as learning to speak it's actually far easier than english I would imagine because they have very simple grammar rules and they don't have like exceptions and pronunciation like we do in english.
Right. And it's cobbled together from so many other languages and the same letters are pronounced 25 different ways depending
upon what word is. And japan, japan doesn't have all those exceptions. And so
you know,
once you learn the alphabet, you know exactly how to pronounce something because there's no exceptions and you know, there's no weird grammar rules and they don't, they don't use them, you know, feminine and masculine. And
so
that makes it easy. And so as far as the grammar, it's structurally very simple, you can pick it up just in a couple of months. Really
dedicated.
yeah, yeah. In fact I spent my career with a Japanese company. Um, and so because I knew the language I was sent over there quite a bit. Um,
that's
hurt.
yeah, I worked, um, I work for a big company that was headquartered in Japan and they built
networking equipment. And their philosophy in Japan was, they know their belief is that, you know, Japan produces the best electrical engineers in the world,
but they're terrible at writing software because they feel like software requires a more creative process and unless discipline process. So they would have all the hardware engineers in Japan and then all the software people would be in the United States. And so they, that's the way they designed all their equipment hardware in Japan software in the U. S. And so I was part of a group that would work on integrating the hardware and software together. And so they would send me over because I could communicate with
the engineers and stuff
there.
So I lived there originally for Like three or 4 years.
Oh I loved it. I loved it. I grew to love the country quite a bit and
I
liked
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So
up until the time I retired two years ago I went at least three times a year for for work, you know
for meetings and stuff.
Yeah. So when I was working, my office was in Dallas and Dallas to Tokyo was like 11 hours.
Just
done.
Oh yeah, we had, we had offices in London. So I've been to London several times and our, our office was over in Kings Cross and
what I would fly there, it's like, hey, eight hours that was short, you know, compared to, you know, sometimes I would have to go to Singapore and you know, you fly and you fly to Tokyo and change planes and you weren't even halfway there yet. It was just
awful. Yeah.
Yeah. I think, I think the absolute farthest one that I've done is I had to go to Guam and that was, that was a long way. I told my boss, I, I'm never going to go up again. Ever. Ever. It would be one thing, you know, if you spend all that time on the plane and it was a beautiful country and, but it's just a tiny
little, no, I mean it's a tiny little tiny little island and it's mostly, you know, U. S. Army base is most
of it now. And, and that's what we were there doing was installing some equipment for the army base. So
I drew the short straw on that one.
No, there's not a whole lot. So.
Well,
see that's a good question because, um, we were supposed to go, um, we had a trip planned last summer and we were flying into London. We were doing like a nine day cruise of the british isles. And then the next cruise was going to cut up the fjords of Norway. And then the third leg, we were sailing um, to the metric Iranian ending in Barcelona and then spending a couple of weeks in Barcelona. So that got canceled of course and it was canceled early last year. So we're like, we moved it to this summer thinking hey it's all gonna be over by, you know, next year. And I seriously doubt that will happen. Um We were supposed to go to Hawaii in february but we don't think that will be doing that.
So. Oh yeah we yeah we did.
Well I mean, you know, we, we had, we had a couple cancelled in like March and april of this year and we moved those to the fall thinking this is all gonna be over by the fall and then so those have now been cancelled and we push those to the spring and now those have been cancelled. And
you
know, it's it's really hard to say. I mean what the the C. D. C. You know, kind of doing their waffling back and forth every other week on what they're going to allow and
but
no you know I think once I think once a couple vaccines are out probably you know mid next year they'll start opening things up again. Is it remains to be seen if they're going to require vaccinations for travel which personally I kind of hope they do you know I'd rather be around people who had been vaccinated than
you
know. Not
I mean honestly you know now with the election over I think there's gonna be less political pressure to certify one as safe before it's ready. So I think I feel more comfortable now than I would have say a month ago because
you know because there would have been such political pressure to Russia went out before november you
know and now now I feel like they'll slow down a little bit, make sure that they're actually safe and
effective.
Oh yeah. And then, uh, I mean, that's my brother and I, you know, we're on opposite ends of the spectrum, you know? And he's like, oh no, he's, he's got his ideas about it and I have mine and I'm like, no, I'll be the first one there with my sleeves rolled up, ready to go. You
know, I've, I trust the science and well,
and he thinks it's
Same here.
Well, it's, it's an interesting, uh, I never who, who I'm going to get, you know, connected with. I had one yesterday that there was a no show. So you're, you know, you're, you're replacing my no show from yesterday.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, it's,
and so I usually, you're the first person I've had that's actually been younger than I am. I usually get retired people and I don't know if they do that on purpose if they look at your profile when they're matching people up.
But I usually,
Fantastic. All
right. Well it looks like we're at our time.
You too.
It was nice to meet you too. Bye bye.