Yes,
yes, I can hear you.
Doing
good. How are you?
So where, where your whereabouts are you from?
and cold there I presume. And
Lovely.
That like
that sounds miserable. I'm in Houston. So
70° right now.
Yeah.
Yeah. Until you hear it was 90° about a week ago. Oh,
get
it done.
Don't.
Going to work.
but God uh that's why I live really close to work and I was like whenever I was finding places to live like it has to be within a certain distance of half work or I'm gonna have road rage every day, so
help
Hey. True.
It's not so positive. I've always been trying to find a place in the United States that has good weather and doesn't have natural disaster type stuff. I don't know if there's any place that really qualifies.
And
you just got to pick your poison.
I
have
paper
What?
Yeah, that's problem. That's probably a very good analogy of what it is. Yeah.
I don't think there's a like I was saying pick your poison, what do you want to deal with? Yeah.
Hot.
No,
you
Now you're
saying?
about
That sounds interesting.
I've lived, well obviously I think I've lived my entire life in texas and I've seen snow while I've been in texas, I want to say maybe 5-10 times my entire life. So so you know that's you probably see that in a two week period.
huh.
Oh uh I can't imagine, I can't imagine that my I was I think I was like four or five, maybe five or six when I went to Kentucky um to visit my grandparents and it was snowing there and I'm like I can't imagine it being negative 50 we
went during the wintertime too, so it wasn't that cold but it was like And they probably maybe 10-15°
and
christ.
Hi.
no,
I
forget.
Alex
jeez,
so now now now you know if there are other things that I'm going up north, don't leave less than a quarter tank,
How?
it
worked
But
I do
right alone now,
so now you're always at a half tank or uh
uh so I just yeah, I think we're talking about whether for quite a while probably because you know you get you get the the bad end of the stick during the winter, I get the bad end of the stick in in summertime. So it's
um yeah I work in the oil and gas industry actually, I do. Um
So that's why I set the time up to uh 10:00. I don't assume it's you're an essential.
Perfect.
Uh So I had to schedule it when I'm not working uh work in the finance groups uh in a long gas company.
Okay. A big bank or a
local.
Yeah. Yeah. I have a good friend of mine works at Chase. He worked at I guess capital one before, but he's like one of the I don't know what your problem he personal bankers were like they do in six months. So it's a
little development type of job than a a banker banker. How?
So
far.
Thank
you.
Hi.
The fact
pattern.
Pretty much.
Yeah. Uh Open as obviously I do these side things to earn a little cash here and there are also open up random bank accounts as well. So I'm probably one of the, I don't know, I assume you're probably aware like lost leaders in terms of people who opened up accounts primarily to just get the bonus.
yep.
True.
but
it's
dr
It's not so nice. Not so mean way. Mhm.
So
you
you
mentioned beer money, so I assume you're on Reddit and that's how you got on, I assume that's how you got on prolific or?
What other other beer money sites that you actually follow?
They.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually I actually am on on that side as well. Uh you do a lot of the video? Or is the 30 minute 60 minute,
so.
Well I had okay, so I I only joined all this beer money stuff family back in like july or august. So it's only
been I mean three months. But I I recently joined the user testing. I did the $10 ones like you're talking about. But recently I've been trying to do more of the $30.60 dollars because I can schedule those versus I do the $10 ones, you kind of have to do it right then and there.
Yeah. So I like the $30, ones just because it's it's time to okay, I can at least fuck this off and say, Okay, I'm going to be doing this for this certain food. Uh huh. Sometimes the 30 minute ones, I've had one that lasted like 10 minutes and they said 30 minutes and you still get five stars. Yes. And then there's one, I mean obviously there's one that I had a 60 minute one that went 75 minutes. So I mean it was it could have gone longer, but I think she said uh I'm going to send you a new link. She never sent me a new link and um ended at 75 minutes. So it could have gone over the 60 minute 75 minute mark too. So I would highly
recommend trying to get the 30 and $60 video calls.
it's
Yeah. So my wife and I, we had were due income or we're doing come now. But uh I told you I worked in oil and gas, so it's not the best of times in the oil and gas, so they actually cut our pay for a short period. That's kind of why I went into like all right, I mean let me see some random things to make a little side cash, so I was like okay let me do this. Uh So it's helped, but it's more of a now since the pandemic, these type of things, like partially for the extra 10, 15 bucks, but it's partially to talk to people I've
been working at home for the last 88 months.
I don't
know.
I remember.
Good.
Anyone
thank
you?
whole.
the
way.
It is a struggle and I'm I'm super introverted, so I'm like, if I am as an introvert want to go talk to people, I can only imagine people who are extroverted, like my wife who if they were in my position, they would be going bouncing off the walls like go do something and talk to someone or something. So luckily for my wife, she, she went back to work in like May or june, She was only working from home for a two month period. He was like, all right. I think I want to go back now.
The
I want
Paper
that
what
I think the latest that we've heard is january is when we're coming back, but that was pre spike in texas. So you were saying the midwest is spiking, we've got to claim the fame of the first state to a million. Yeah.
All right. Oh
targeted.
All
All
yeah. I think our judge here in our county is saying we're probably going to go back into, everyone needs to stay at home and only essentials because right now, um, it's like I went to, I went grocery shopping and it was like filled to the brim and I'm like, I thought we were at 50% capacity and it was like everyone, there's every nook and cranny, there's a person hanging out. I'm like, I probably don't want to hang out here too long Brooklyn
here.
Yeah.
And
what?
Good.
All
No.
What?
come
on.
My
heart.
Same. So like we have, we have a kid and we're like we can't see your grandma because your mom goes to work all the time. So she's actually, I mean not that she's gonna be like naughty but it's not it's a she's got a lot more contact with people than than I do and we're not gonna take that risk just because they're a little bit older
picture.
Member.
Protection
for
me.
Yeah. Yeah that's the same thing when we're isolating but now like it's our isolation is kind of like growing a little uh growing little arms and legs and cross a little over. So we're like we see our neighbors, we're gonna we're gonna hang out with our neighbors tomorrow night because it's like ok mm if anyone it's going to be it's not gonna be any of us like to, to have the issues. I mean I get we're in the younger demographic so it's It's, if it happens to us, it's going to be hopefully knock on wood, not, we're not the .1% that are happening.
And
yeah. I think, and I was mentioning we're gonna hang out our neighbors, our neighbor actually caught covid back in like kind of similar timeframe I think may or june and we're like, how did your husband and your son not get it? But you got it and you live with them. It's not like you were like covering your mouth when you're inside the house with them. So we're like, okay, was it a take positive? Like that doesn't happen. There's no fake positive. You got it for whatever reason, husband didn't get it. Um
anyway, mm hmm. So I guess you said you were. I'm gonna one last topic. I think we got one minute or
So you you've
done user testing in prolific. Any other meet ones that you've done?
Uh
huh.
But
that's
it.
Here.
Yeah, I think I got those and I would go to dr credit dot com. I don't know if you've heard of that site.
Um But it's basically you it tells you the highest bonuses that you can receive. And it's one thing I check more often I've seen sign up for paid, but I think sign up is actually lower than what dr credit actually finds. So, so that might be something to look into. Uh
Well,
nice to talking to you as well. Stay warm.
We'll
do.
You're going back to work tomorrow.
All right. I'll fuck you.