Mhm. Yes. Mhm,
can you hear me?
Perfect, how are you
doing?
I'm good thanks. Yeah,
I am from Minnesota. Mhm.
already way too cold. Um I don't know exactly, I think today it's
Oh yeah, it's 25 degrees outside, so how
are you, where are you from?
Oh, exact opposite,
Oh
man, that's that sounds nice. Yeah.
exactly, like I love
fall
in spring here, they're just really absolutely beautiful. Um And in summer we do get ridiculously hot days, not like you, but like super
crazy humid. Um So I don't love summer here, but I mean fall and spring are just perfect, It's just that winter is sometimes, I mean we had 10" of snow on October 20, so yeah, that was and the first snow storm of the year, everyone forgets how to drive. Um
So it's just awful, you're like planning for your commute home being like okay, so normally my 20 minute drive today it's going to be like an hour and
Yeah, um I'm kind of the same, I used to have like a 40 minute commute to work and that was way too much for me. Um so now it's like 16 miles normally takes me like 20 minutes. Um So I'm pretty comfortable with that, but then yeah, as soon as there's snow, it almost doubles every time. So just one of those things about
living in Minnesota, but
we never have hurricanes, so
I'm not sure because I mean in the midwest you have tornadoes on the coast, you have hurricanes um on the, you know, on the west Coast, you have earthquakes, like
there's there's a natural disaster everywhere.
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Like uh I studied in France for like six months and um like we, I was talking to um some people that were parisians and like explaining to them midwestern winters and those are usually quite a bit more mild and so like we had one really really bad snowden and they're like is this like where you're from? And I was like Kind of, but if this lasted for six months
instead of
like just
a couple of times in January Paris
gets 10" of snow, like and then you add that plus the natural disasters and then you have the midwest.
Yeah.
What's your
what's your favorite way to feel the awesome
power
of the earth? Like uh
my
favorite is thunder snow, It's a specific phenomena that's very rare where there's an actual snowstorm that has thunder. Um It's I've seen it twice and um I've lived
in the midwest where most of my life, so that was
it's pretty
Oh yeah, I mean a
lot of my family lives in florida in one year, we were visiting them in um wintertime I think is probably around christmas, it was in december and um they were like oh it's gonna get really cold tonight, and they were going to the store to buy some space heaters and the spanish leaders were like all sold out and I was like okay what temperature is it going to be, and they were like it's going to be 35 degrees And I'm like Okay, like did you know that last year we hit negative 50 with the wind chill
look?
yeah, well and the negative 50 was like that's a record. Um
And it was with the
windshield, so it really was only probably like negative 25 but then with the wind speeds um the windshield made it um it was actually
dangerous to be outside for more than like 30 seconds. Um That was, we had the polar vortex a couple of years ago um and that is when I learned that gas can freeze in your gas tank if you don't have enough gas. Yes, it was not a great time to learn that.
Yeah, and then um there's this stuff called heat, isopropyl
alcohol
that you then have to dump in your gas tank and wait for it to heat the particles
and and melt them. Um Yeah, so if you're ever stuck in the snow, you need to keep more than a quarter tank of gas in your car or
it can freeze in the line.
never. And like my dad growing up had always told me
that, but my mom is the type of person where like she will take her car to the absolute limit of like she will be going on, she has run out of gas once or twice and it still doesn't teach her like she just doesn't learn. And so my dad was always like, I'll be like, your mother, you always need to keep gas in your car. And I think I've been like, I
kept
being like, okay, I have to get gas, but I'm running late so I'm not gonna get it now, I'll get it after work. And a coworker of mine was like, hey, give me your keys, I'll start our cars when I go outside because it's so cold you want to warm up? And he was like,
Danny your card and start. Um, and I was like, oh,
okay. He was like, yeah, I think he ran out of gas and I was like, oh, I had some gas and he was like, yeah, it probably froze.
So yeah, that was exciting. That was, It was a couple of years ago now, probably like three or 4 years ago.
Always, like religiously, I do not go below, it was awful.
Um What are you comfortable talking about, what you do for work?
That's interesting,
It's
10:00 My time, Yep.
Oh, that's interesting. I actually um I manage a bank, so not completely, I don't do a lot, obviously, I'm not like finance for business, but I do quite a bit in finance
tiny
bank. I used to work for like one of the big five and um about a year and a half ago I switched to a company that has less than 3000 employees. So um yeah, it's it's definitely a different dynamic.
I
I have had one of the people I used to work with for a couple of years was actually he did a little bit about like he did what we would call retail banking, like your standard checking, savings loans and then he also did um investment banking. Um which I think that was kind of an interesting model
because
like as we look
to the future
you can open an account online with you know like capital one in
five minutes without ever talking to a person. So you know the the future of the actual brick and mortar branches is going to be that people are going there more
for
financial advice and talking to people than opening accounts. Like that's going to be something your computer can do for you.
Thanks,
Yes, that's actually why my company stopped offering those kinds of bonuses because we've done basically surveys and and research of the data that we have and statistically those accounts are not um
positive net growth relationships for us. They are usually someone that will open the account, get the bonus
and leave. I mean there's always like the potential that you could create a good relationship with them. But I do the same thing and partially because like
I really like to keep on top of trends and see uh
you know what other competitors are offering. Um like chime is one of the ones that you frequently see on beer money websites and that kind of thing.
Um And I do have an account with them and it will be something that I sometimes recommend to customers if they really aren't able to manage their own finances. Um Where I can say, you know, this is something that I have tried. I've tested it. I think it might work for you better than a traditional bank because you don't manage yourself well.
exactly. Like it's just, you know, this is just a uh like when I'm having a heart to heart with you, like this isn't good for you. Like it's fine for me because I'm fine making money off of you, but this isn't going to help you long term. Um So yeah,
we
do quite
a bit of that.
Yes. Yeah. Actually, um I I do like our beer money. I don't go on it super frequently. I like prolific though. Um I think it's just relatively easy and good payouts and I think some of the surveys are really interesting. Um But yeah, I'm on Reddit.
I have done user testing in the past and um that one, you know, it can take a lot of time, but I do tend to like that one as well and I tend to be a demographic that um people want to sell to. So um like I remember I did
a user testing for Macy's when they were rolling out a new aspect of their website and they had me do like four different sets of testing for them And um they just pay a flat $10 for each testing that you do for them. Um and usually they're like 10-15 minutes. So
I have never
done one of those actually. Yes, it has never worked out for me to do one of those. Do you do a lot of those ones?
Is she?
Oh absolutely. And you just kinda have to like you have to answer the questions for each and everyone to find one that that hits for you,
and just
I definitely will. I've been I haven't been doing usually testing as much recently, but yeah, my um so I'm married and my husband is in law school um and so he, you know, he worked for a while and then he decided to go back to school. So um going from who comes
to one, you know, we budgeted and it's going to be fine and it all was fine but then the reality of it is kind of like oh I don't have as much fun money as I used to. So of course now there's a pandemic and there's not as much fun things to do, but
definitely
am. I don't think I could do it, I still get to go to my
office
every day and I still meet with clients every day. We did close my bank for three months and we might be going back into it soon because the midwest is a very bad cope inspired
right now. Um But
yeah, like I my office, my branch that I run has 12 people that normally report to it and um right now there's only four of us that have been actually coming to the office since april March, March um and the other one's pop in every once in a while and one of
them is doing really well, he'll probably actually never come back into the office, but
most
of the other ones are like, no I can't do this, I wish they would let me come back. Especially one of one of my colleagues has nine Children at home.
Yeah, we joked that he like he comes to work for
you
know some peace. Yeah, and then you know, some of them like I I don't know how they can focus at home. Like if if it were me, there would constantly be things that I wanted to do and that it would be a struggle for me.
Yeah. I it would be incredibly tough for me. Like I'm I'm a little bit of
both. Like I really love my time with people and I like getting to know people and talking um But then like once I come home and like okay leave me alone, like I had my socialization for the day. Um But I would definitely like it would even the months where we were closed and are lobbying. That was tough for me. Um Just because I didn't get the interaction with clients that um and like trying to find new ways to do a lot of the things that we do there today. Like any mortgages
that I do, any lending that I do, Trying to do, all of that. My company isn't set up to e sign, those kinds of things. So like I actually had a loan that we signed in the parking lot of my, yeah, so like I brought out a clipboard and had math gone and like brought all the documents and you know, it's a mortgage, there's like 20
different pages to
sign and it was,
it was definitely a first for me. So I don't know are you like for the foreseeable future, going to have to work from home?
solid. Well in Minnesota has been better than other states. Um we just had like our record, we just hit this week of 56, deaths in one day.
And like our positive positivity right right now is above 14%. So you
know, I, I don't, I don't keep track of the metrics everywhere basically.
I know Illinois, Wisconsin and Minnesota, but I know right now in the area where I live hospitals are at 91% capacity and we've set a record for the last three days in a row of new cases. So
I'm, I'm thinking that we're probably going to go back into a stricter lockdown than we are right now.
just had some new restrictions rolled out,
but they like, I don't know, they feel a little Halfhearted like, um, there's no seating at bars anymore and you can't play darts and you can't play pool. Um,
and bars and restaurants have to close at 10 pm and like those, those do make sense. Um, but at the same time, you can only have An indoor gathering of up to 10 people and no more than three households. But if you have a wedding
or funeral, then it can be 50 people. And if it's a protest it can be 200 people.
Yeah. And it's just like these like these don't really make sense. Like what Covid doesn't spread until it's 10 p.m.
Like. Um so the public health experts are kind of coming down on the governor here that, you know, these are really toothless and they don't actually do a whole lot to control the places where it's spreading. Um like there was
one wedding here in Minnesota that was linked to 75 different cases because
it was a wedding with over 200 people and the bride had Covid and
uh yeah. Yeah. And so they had 75 different cases from one wedding. Yeah. But then I did go to a wedding a couple
of weeks
ago. So I've been in the, not, I haven't been
super
naughty but like I haven't like I haven't been perfect but then like I know I'm not going to see my grandparents until this is over because I haven't been behaved.
Right. Yeah. Exactly and that's been part of it for me, like I have a group of friends that we kind of regularly see each other
and all of us are essential workers um except my husband but I have contact all day every day and uh you know several of
our friends also work in banking and um another one works in I. T. For food distribution company, so like all of us have still been reporting to our offices for this whole time. So
like to me the
level
of risk of exposure between work and you know sitting at a bonfire with those guys, it's pretty similar but then knowing that that's the risk that I take, I'm not willing to see like my husband's parents who are, you know over 60 or my grandparents or his grandparents, so.
Right. Exactly. Like statistically there's a relative degree of comfort in the fact that we would not get seriously ill if we were to contract Covid and I actually um there was no testing available when I got quick, but I was presumed positive in May. Um So I feel relevant and I do have antibiotics because I've been antibody tested since then, so and we did like crazy strict quarantine um And my husband is he has some health issues, so like I totally quarantined from him as well um And so he never got sick, but we we think most likely I probably would not get it again. Um
But yeah, you know, are we strictly following everything? Yes we have not broken any of the like first Minnesota had a stay at home order, then they had a safe at home order. Um And now we have safer at home restrictions. Uh Like we haven't broken any of those but I also haven't totally isolated.
Well you know that that's good right?
I think we're at 25 but we probably want to be safe just to make sure that we hit it.
But.
Oh um there's a different
um
subreddit r sign ups for pay which
mostly
they
do like recommending like chime and other things like that. So if you haven't played around with that one, it's interesting after like you really can't spend a ton of time there because it's all going to be repeated eventually. Um But they you know, it's always
like the sign up for chime or varroa or any of the Robin Hood, all of this like investing ones. Um, but you can definitely make some money on that.
I am not.
it definitely would be. I brought it down on my handy little cheat sheet. Well,
it's been really nice talking to you tonight.
Yes. And stay
safe.
Thanks.
Yeah. Thank you.
Bye.