Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Hello?
Can you hear me okay? Okay
good. My name's Ellie, what's her name? Oh I can't hear you Yeah. Uh can you hear me now? Okay, I can't hear you. Yeah Yeah yeah. Mhm I don't know if you can hear me but if you can not rush, take your time. Figure it out. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Well, I mean a check to make sure my computer's audio is working. Just don't try and play Youtube video one. Okay. My I checked my computer's audio.
It's working
so yes. Okay, I can hear
you.
Oh no problem, no problem. Oh have
you done
this
before?
I've done it. It's my first time. Yeah. Yeah. So
I am to do you have any thoughts about like what?
Oh wow, that's very interesting. Now. I'm going to be like
self
conscious, wow. Yeah. Yeah. I really have no idea. Too. Big
mystery.
Okay, I've gotten some really weird studies. Like there was this one, it was like what? Like you know different surveys on this poetic website. Like one where it was like if you could have a time machine in 40 years from now, how much would you pay to use it? Well that was like just like different times in the future and how much would give
one time
does
she?
So.
I'm from there. Yeah. Uh While corn
Island. What
about
you?
cool. Well you go to go to I. T. It's the only upstate what you do. Okay cool. You know um do you know Zach Williams?
Well that that was a long shot.
Why? Yeah. That is your,
what are you studying?
Oh cool. Cool. I studied mechanical engineering. I got a university of Maryland. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't like the people. I don't like it. I
don't
like
the people
I wish I had been. I'm a senior. Yeah. So.
Yeah, I just have one this summer and I'm actually gonna work there after I graduate at a law firm writing patents which is super cool. And like I was really glad to have something that wasn't just like uh you know engineering and like you know there was like waiting and more maybe critical thinking. It was nice. What about you? Do you have something going to do with financial policy?
Yeah, I've
heard
of that.
Oh that become like a lead inspector
or a designer?
Oh that's super course. Like helping buildings
become
good. That's awesome. Yes. So I feel like I've always seen buildings which say like lead X. Or Y. Are those like very meaningful things? Like do they really represent the building
screen?
Oh that's cool. So like they treat platinum like it's the most amazing thing that really actually like the baseline
for
everything.
Yeah. That's cool. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. I am, I'm living with my parents down. Yeah.
What
about you? Do you have impersonal process?
Come on.
that's
rich.
Is it like a bad for class or being like
research
depression? Cool. What
do you research? Various
woman?
Yeah. Yeah. You have a science idea? You want to bring it into policies or if it's your
requirements or whatever. Mhm. That's cool. So like how water acidity affects like water treatment member. That's cool. Yeah. I heard this is just like randomly connected were like too much, but I heard that at my school for the people who are living there, they're like looking in the wastewater for signs
of
covid
which
I thought was. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. We had some people in person, but it was really bad on our campus. So they put
it all online, right? Yeah.
Yeah. No, it's looking very bad.
Mhm. What? This is we are I met the weirdest anti master the other day who um I'm not really an anti masker, but you know, he had his mask under his nose. Well, you know, it's you concerned
with your mind pulling it up? And he was like, oh, it's it's all but it's already all the way up. That's like, like, okay, great. Like, you know, alternative
facts
here.
Okay. Okay. Well, it doesn't go out the nose. I said what? It was like, you know, covid into your
mouth
disease. You can't fit really? Okay. I would just make me feel much more comfortable if you can do it. I know, it's probably, you
know, probably not real. But I was like, okay. And then turned to like his girlfriend and everyone was like, damn, no conspiracy theorist.
Uh huh. Just got, just look like what really? But I'm guessing maybe new york people are a little better, you know?
No.
Look,
uh huh. I hope these are like
or something
because that's,
but
it's so
horrible.
So many doctors should lose their license under under regulated industry, but that's the whole mhm Yeah.
But I also think that we have
doctors
now
or the last person I talked to was training to be a nurse and I was like, wow, what a terrifying college. Yeah,
Yeah.
Yeah. Did you, how long did it take you the two? Like I realized that it was real or like going to be a big deal, you know? Were you like one of the first people, like everyone else was out and about and you're like no over you like no,
it's like a big deal.
What?
Mhm. Okay. I was actually, I was studying abroad um I was living in the dread um and the spanish government apparently has had a history of like sound and future one for pandemics that never appear. Um everyone there is like this is not like this is nothing they tell us we're going and then make all the time just
like
you
know, I know right. It was weird, but they were like you know, nothing should happen. And then uh then all of a sudden the high school is like you have to come home, we're ending knowledge like abroad programs. And I was totally surprised and then I actually like read about it and I was like oh no like this is
horrible.
Yes. Yeah. What is the glory? But I think late mark like like definitely before there were stay at home orders in place in America. But like that was the point where we'll spain where we started to shut down in like cases.
Yeah. Now that really? God I need to be graduating right in
the middle
of it.
Check.
It's quote I'm just thankful I'm you can square the way you know in terms of like a job. But it is. Really? Oh. Uh tropical.
Yeah. Mom. No.
What? Oh no, no. Although I heard the construction industry is not really slowed down that much
so it's mhm. We can still do it safely.
What?
I'm
sorry I can make myself your music just getting
like quiet or and quiet.
yeah.
Thanks.
Okay. Well now yeah
I have a cap. I think she's probably laying in bed with my parents right now or I would whisk her over to see you.
What
about
you?
rabbits are okay
from.
Uh huh. Of course. Yeah. No I mean it's my parents again so thank you. Yeah. What's
your
cat's
mm.
Is there a reason?
I don't
not really boston really boston.
Uh My cat's name is teaches which was the aim we data from a shelter and
that's the name that
was
already.
Their
arrangement um No offense to monkey. Uh uh When we took her to the vet you know they say like you know and what's your cat's last name and they want you to stay like your last name. Um lying to the very no nonsense person. Um And she said does it have to have a last name? Uh Oh well Cats last night and here's your last name. I know what I'm saying. No it's not Cats last name, something else. I'll figure it out. And and so then she decided that can't last name would
be Cream,
the middle name would be and and so that the cats they would teach us and great. Uh I don't know I did I did sort of agree. It's very weird that they expect your had to have the same
last
time.
It
was we just have a weird bet,
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Do you have siblings?
Yeah. Well my commandments, you know you're probably used to see me siblings more often than
my Oh.
But
I do not know only child. Yes,
sorry I asked you a name for it, so.
Yeah. Yeah, I can
see
that.
Yeah. Is um is are people still hiring as a nanny during covid or is that right at?
No
Mhm.
you're walking up? Yeah.
lying. So I started during
the pandemic just because I was like well because I was doing this internship but my hours got cut in half. Um So with that birth I guess
they ran out of money, like every announcement. Um Yeah so I started doing it, I've done it may be good for the money. It's pretty good. Had some really weird studies on it. But I've been doing, I've been doing research like studies as a way to earn my for all college. Um Way easier like before, before coming. Because if you can do the ones that are like mris or stuff like that does pay way more money.
Yeah. There I had a lot of fun. I've done one which was it was they put electrodes all over your brain and then had you watch Bridget jones's diary
and
that
was
the whole
study. No idea what they were
testing
for. But
I don't know if we've hit our time because I'm not sure we're supposed
to count
the
time
where we
had technical
issues.
Yeah. Just better they'd be safe than get going. So have you been using prolific for a long time
of you?
You sorry?
You've gotten quiet.
Thank
you.
I started
Yeah. Yeah, I know. It's really nice. That pays way better than everything else. Like I started doing a lot of the other ones in their way less. Uh
Your father went last
money,
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty great. So important. Mm. But there's one which is called user testing, which is there like very 50 and it's very easy get disqualified. I've got to make like three accounts now. But uh but they pay pretty well because they have you do stuff like test whether this ac works on your browser and stuff like that. Thanks,
convinced.
It works.
That's what I've had a mechanical turk application for a year and I've
never been allowed in so
I
don't know.
I mean obviously just like you yeah, what I've been doing and it's cold. Uh You HRS it's um Microsoft's search engine clinical work. And those are some really weird stuff because you know, being their search engine, it's all about uh what like look at people's thing searches and figure out they see an ad for their effort. And the people who use bing search are really
fucking weird.
What?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. No, that's a very good reason I would say. I don't know. Maybe I'm seeing a weird sampling of things, but it just seems
like
a list for port
that is very popular because I feel like I see a very disproportionate number of searches which like it leads to me appear that they cannot possibly have a meaning to them, you know?
Are
well safe.
All