Hi. Mm. Yeah.
yeah.
Can
you get
That's
so weird. I don't know why it wasn't working.
I
did
it
once this weekend, so this is my second time. How are you?
that's interesting. Or like, I'm curious to see what they do with the information. Yeah.
Since they ask so many questions about like, who spoke more in the conversation or who do you think spoke more? I wonder if it's going to be like how people perceive conversations. Like if you think that you talked to more, but you actually talked to less what that says about the type of person that you are, but I don't know.
I
know.
I mean
they also, it could be anything and the really knows.
That's
so
weird.
Like
as if that would really change because if you had a time machine then it doesn't matter when you get it. No, that's so funny. My goodness. So, um, where are you from? Like roughly?
I'm
from
massachusetts,
but I'm finishing up school in new york right now upstate, so. Mhm.
No. Yeah,
that's so weird. The last person I talked to also had a sibling that went to charity, so I wonder if they like know that about me. They must because that's weird. That's a weird coincidence to happen twice.
Environmental
policy. Mhm.
Yeah, mechanical training is tough.
How
far
along
are you?
Have you done any co ops or internships yet?
Yeah, I have don I'm trying to get into like consulting type of work, so I don't know if you've heard of like leed certified buildings. Yeah, so I actually
have
my
lead exam in like three days. Really excited.
so it's
like a lead general associate. So basically I would partner with a project that's trying to become leed certified and sort of advise them on what they need to do, what sorts of steps they need to take to make their building up to standard. So
it's sort
of like meeting those sustainability like
I
think, I mean so as someone who like also is like really passionate environmentalism, it is a little bit gimmicky, like it's definitely like a starting point for me for a job because I don't think that it is great like as the only standard, but it's a really good start so you can have like just regular certified and then that goes up to gold, silver, platinum. And so the ones that are platinum, they're basically functioning in a way that is like carbon neutral, which is really cool. Mhm.
I mean
that's the goal
eventually, we'll see.
Are you doing all of your classes remotely?
to
me,
I'm taking all my classes online, but I still have a little bit of lab work that I'm doing in person, but luckily we get to schedule that so
that no one else is in the lab at the same time as us, so I kind of just go in
late at
night and I do my thing and then I leave so I don't see anyone,
it's
just my personal research.
I'm
doing, it's kind of more related to my undergrad was environmental science and now my Master's policy, so it's still a little bit
more on the science side, I'm sort of doing like waste, not waste water, regular water treatment to sort of see um how a city can impact the different growth. Yeah, ideally looking at how that would change different policy, I'm trying to connect all the dots. Ah
Hopefully.
They're
doing
it at my school
too.
It's so weird. And they were saying how they had one positive case in the dorms but all four dorm buildings wastewater had traces of covid. So me and my friends are joking like did one person go and just like P. And all the buildings but it's more likely. I mean the tests they're doing the best they can but the tests are not the most accurate right now.
Hello?
I don't know. I think we thought it would be under control and next spring is not looking promising.
So weird. I can't believe that people at this point in time are like still not wearing their masks and
But.
Right. It's
obviously
not.
I
don't know.
no
that is so weird.
it's definitely
been good. Especially like out and about, but you don't always see people below their nose that's just everywhere. Right? I don't get it either. I mean, I like, I work at Target and I will have people come up to do their online pickup orders because they don't have to wear their mask if they get it outside. And one guy was telling me he was a doctor
and he said, well, young people can't get it. So you shouldn't be worried. It's like you're a doctor.
I know.
He was like,
I work in the hospital. I know. I don't see young people getting it. I was like, I guarantee that you have seen young people that have been sick with this.
I know.
I'm like,
maybe you should lose your license. All right.
Mhm.
You
know, I feel so,
so bad. I can't even imagine.
Yeah. I have a couple of friends who are like in their rotations for medical school and I was like, well, the plus side is that like hopefully you'll never, once this is over, you'll never have to deal with something that terrible again for a while. Okay.
Why are we in time?
Unfortunately?
Like I was on my break when everything was going down in the very end of break was saying no thanksgiving um ST Patrick's day. So I flew to Chicago and when I was leaving, like it was maybe like four days before ST Patrick's day. And that's when they were starting to be like, oh, this is a problem. And so I was like, I should not be going on this flight. Like I really shouldn't be going anywhere. But that was at the point when they were still saying like, support local business, like go out there and buy things
and I was like okay, so I'll just go and support the classes. And we got there, we arrived and we didn't leave the hotel room the whole trip because we were just so nervous. We went and we got take out and ate it in the room. But I was like by the time we got there and then when I got home like yeah, this is a little bit too scary. How about you?
weird thing to
bring up all the
time.
When
did you end up actually coming back? Yeah.
why not? I know, I feel so bad. I was the person that I spoke to on this before was supposed to study around this summer and I just graduated so it was their last chance to study abroad and I was like, no. So sad.
I
know,
but I was saying, I feel like we all thought that last year was like the worst thing, but everyone who's graduating this year and equally shitty situation, if not worse. I don't know.
Like I was involved in so many like groups on campus and I like did a cappella and stuff and I can't be and we don't have anything to do. No one can go to campus.
I know. I am like really dreading that trying to sign the job during all this,
but I always have target.
it depends.
You know, there's a lot of things that are still doing. Ok. I just, I'm curious to see
what the long term effects are. You know, we don't have another economic crap.
Very terrible.
Where
I did spill some water on my laptop right
before that. Could I
think a role. It was so sad, knocked right over.
Do you have pets? I'll,
I'm a rat.
He
is
over. He's very
Under the cat at my parents
house but I couldn't bring him. They would be too devastated. Uh huh.
His
name
is mookie. Mm
Work.
The red Sox
had a player named mookie Betts. So
What is your cat's name?
Anyway,
an
orange
got up if I want an orange test. So bad. Yeah,
there's
No
expense.
I've
never
been
asked.
thank you. Mina always was because our first cat was a girl. Her name was jake and they were like, oh, did you just not, did you not know that this was a female cat? And we were like, no, we we know, but her name is Jake, like, yeah, we're not worried about it. That was good.
I have two little sisters, but their home in massachusetts right now, so I'm excited to see them when I go home.
Well it's weird because when I went home, you know, I stayed home in March, I never went back because actually my apartment flooded while I was home for break, which was pride.
good. So I was home from March until september, which is the longest I've ever lived in my parents house in, you know, like five years. So once I kind of moved back up here, I was like, okay, I don't have to share everything with my little sisters.
Do you have siblings? Oh,
Who?
No, only Children. I like, I applaud the parents that can handle that. I feel like for me, like I nanny a lot and when it's just one kid, it's so much more work because when there's two, they play with each other and you're like, oh, nice. I don't have to play with you.
But
obviously
it's still, you know, double the work raising two Children.
There's one mother who she works in a hospital and occasionally, like when she gets a weird shift, she'll call me in and I like always go ahead tested right
after I babysit it. They're out. Uh huh. Yeah, but everyone else, I mean there's a lot of parents who are working from home and they like, especially if they have really young Children, they can't take care of them the full day they're working. Mhm.
So there's that, but I'm like almost done up here. So I'm kind of transferred over my kids to other nannies. Uh huh.
Which so have you been using prolific for a long time? I am always so curious about how people use it. Right.
How early?
No.
I've always been so interested in those ones. But I like every time I book one I just don't show up, I'm too scared. Yeah.
And
you got
picked.
That's
crazy.
I
know. I should
just do it. A lot of the ones that I qualify for like weird like things for anti anxiety in boston. I'm like, all right, you're just going to heighten my anxiety over here. So. Right.
I
know.
I was just
thinking
that
maybe
we'll just give it like one more minute.
I
found that last some rooms like not this year, but so like a year and a half.
Sorry.
It was I think like last summer, so a year and a
half
ago. But it is really cool. I try to get all my friends to use it two because it's like the easiest of all the survey things look because none of them are like disqualify
you and stuff. Yeah.
Right.
I feel
like at that point you like be better off just collecting cans or something, they're less than five cents a minute, you know?
The only other one I use really consistently
is like mechanical turk on amazon and I always do, there's like people that will pay for you to like rate there lengthen and Tinder profile pictures and I don't like I'll look at some pictures like you look professional and like that's it.
You know,
I'm
that's
so weird.
I got accepted immediately and then I've seen so many things like on Reddit about people waiting for years.
I'm
gonna be honest, like I use thing because it gives you a gift
card. So why wouldn't that? Mhm.
Yeah.
But it wasn't
Maybe because
you need to hit a certain amount of searches per day to get your gift card. Maybe people are just searching anything. Mhm.
Okay. That would be that. All right. I think
that should be good for my my group moving.
Well, that's a good name,
like with your superior.