SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay wow. Um Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm wow. Okay. Mhm. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: morning. Good afternoon, I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Afternoon just turned afternoon here.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I'm on the West Coast so it's still fairly early
SPEAKER_L: Gosh. Nice. So,
SPEAKER_R: so you're, sorry please go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no I'm just gonna ask like how many interviews or conversations you've had so far.
SPEAKER_R: this is my third one, have you? You've done it before then?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think you're my sixth one
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. So you've got a lot of experience meeting new people?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's all of them really crazy like. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's a little it's a little odd, it's kind of like um one of those kind of work cocktail parties where you have
SPEAKER_L: Whatever
SPEAKER_R: to interact with people um but it's it's been really interesting so far. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's the most interesting when you've had?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I'm I'm probably older than most of the demographic doing this, so I've I've had a couple of time not anywhere near being in college anymore and both of the people that I spoke with were both like freshmen and sophomores in college, so that both of them were really like it was interesting because it's it's stuff that I haven't gone through in so long that it was just, it was kind of nice to talk to someone who's kind of doing it for the first time. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: can add a calling your demographic. I'm also software in college. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so you're just proving the point? So what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I'm studying design. Um
SPEAKER_R: interesting like graphic design or like um um like fashion design or?
SPEAKER_L: actually you just hit the two like ones that I really would like to go into. Um Yeah so I was I'm exploring so far but yeah graphic is like maybe a path I'll take but I really do like fashion design but we don't have any fashion design courses in my college for some reason. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting. Right? Oh cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You're doing you're kind of doing your basic coursework now and then you kind of decide when you get further down the line. Cool
SPEAKER_L: so like yeah they actually just created this design major like they had like fine arts and they had another one that was called visual studies which was like a combo of like art and Biology and psychology and I was initially
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like going towards visual studies but um then they made design and I was like that's like the perfect like middle ground between the two because like I think it was a little bit too like neurology based with me, the visual studies one and I was just like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds more, it sounds interesting like I would like to learn about it but I don't know that I would want to learn in depth because it sounds like it be more sci fi kind of base than than artistic and it sounds like your kind of leaning more the artistic route. Uh
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool, yeah graphic design was always really interesting to me but I was I was persuaded that it was not really a viable option when I was thinking about it and but now, particularly with the internet, it's just, you can go so many different directions with it, it's really, it's kind of broad based, you can kind of pick and choose what you like to do. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh the audit, so what did you choose
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: in bed or like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if we're
SPEAKER_R: went more of the business kind of route and
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: ended up in an office,
SPEAKER_L: that's it?
SPEAKER_R: which is, you know, it's it's it's not that bad, it could be much worse, but it could, you know, um I was not, I didn't really have an artistic kind of, I found it interesting, but I didn't have enough of that kind of spark to to kind of pursue that more. Um And I think it's something it's a I think it's a field that you really kind of have to feel to make sure to be successful. Um But yeah, it's it's always been interested in the way people, particularly with the internet now with the, just all the various websites and just different directions and there's just so much out there to do. It's, um, I think it's definitely a much more viable field now than it was 20 years ago, 30
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: years ago, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's why I chose rather than on fine arts. Probably more practical now, isn't it? Yeah at least yeah. Actually
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: originally thought I was gonna go to college for like I was gonna do prove it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's really sci fi. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, but then I took calculus and file my first semester and like really really hated it so
SPEAKER_R: Oh, but that's, you kind of started at the hard with the hard stuff and I mean that's that's a big load, especially for your first semester. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean so I guess I was I don't know, I guess like during high school I was taking all the stem
SPEAKER_R: Talk.
SPEAKER_L: classes, I really thought I was gonna go on this path and when I got there like if like only half my class were pre med and I was like wow this is horrible, I'm here.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's really intense and I bet I can imagine the competition is just, I mean, I can't even imagine what the class competition is and the and the race for grades and just the whole thing. And I know that there's only a certain amount of the percentage of the students who even make it through the first four years that get accepted for the next level. And it's just that just seems to me it's another one of those things where you have to really feel it, that has to be your thing in order to get through it because otherwise it's just a grind. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh well mm
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like we should special things you've been talking to someone, well college stuff, maybe we'll welcome. I mean um
SPEAKER_R: God,
SPEAKER_L: do you have any advice to give me as I transition for adulthood to the outside world?
SPEAKER_R: the outside world is um well, it's never what you expect. And 10 years from now, you'll look back and think what what was I thinking? And 10 years from now, you're like right now you're like, oh my God, and like I feel so old compared to what you were you are. But then like the older you get, the more that feeling grows, it's like uh huh It's hard to like advice that was given to me when I was your age. I'd be like, they don't know what they're talking about. They were never really here, but they were and they knew, but it's you can't really internalize it because you haven't experienced it yet. Um But just enjoy, enjoy as much as you can. I think that's the best advice is get the most enjoyment out of every single thing that you can because you never know, we never know what's around the corner. So you got to live your life to the fullest and it sounds so great, but it's very true. It's do do the best you can to enjoy what you have um and realize that we hear and are, you know, we have it better than a lot a lot of folks in the world. So um I try to keep that in mind as much as possible when I when I'm feeling down about having to get up and do stuff that I don't want to do, it's like well you know, I have the I I'm afforded that opportunity to do stuff I don't want to do, I'm not sitting in a hovel somewhere wondering where my next meal is coming from and you know, it's just I don't have a palace, but I don't have a hut, so and I'm trying to enjoy the moment and live in the moment and take the most that I can out of everything. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I will definitely. That's really funny. That kind of reminds me that, okay, well me being a college student, I wake up at like 11 30 I just like recently just woke up and I actually had a dream where I was like maybe 30 years older and I was like, wait, that was kind of really fast and mm.
SPEAKER_R: It goes, the older you get, that was something I didn't really believe either, but it's true the older you get, the faster it goes and someone explained it was because it's because when you're 10, you only have 10 years of memories, but when you're 40 you have 40 years of memories in the same amount of space. And so there's just time. It's it's it is relative, it's totally it's it's really bizarre how it works because I looked back in the like the last 10 years was just like a flash but when when I was in school, a semester took forever. And like even before that like an elementary school summer lasted 10 years. And now it's it I mean yeah so just try to try to get as much out of it as you can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm hoping it was good. Yeah, I don't know even more. I wish I was back in high school so I could do all the things that I kind of wanted to do. But then I didn't, so at least I realized this when I'm still in college. So that's good now, I'm actually doing all this stuff. So I feel
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: like yes.
SPEAKER_R: Get out there and and don't have too many have some regrets, you know? But don't have too many.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Not to Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_R: So you're on the East Coast.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm at east Coast, I'm in Philly right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Oh so you're in the cold east coast? Yeah I'm in southern California. And I have a I have I don't really I can't relate to that as well, I've driven to and and spent some vacation time in cold areas but I haven't really lived in a cold place and I don't know if I could deal with the whole icy snowy have to bundle up everyday kind of thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well Philly, it's more like I'm from Houston, so um Yeah, so I was like I would really want to escape that humidity. Uh Like when you step outside in Houston you just, you just feel it in your fingers like in your skin, you're just like, oh gosh. But then in Philly it's it's also human but in a different way and that it rains like a third of the time, which is like, it's all gross, right? It's like uh it's cold and wet and like you know the dirt's get really gross and I'm just like staying. But yeah, it doesn't get too like last year, it didn't it only snowed like once. Um Which is pretty surprising to me being a Texan. Yeah. I really thought like Philly was high enough to get a good amount of snow. But no, there's only one like snow day and it was very small. Like you could barely like make a snowball. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my goodness. See that's totally opposite of what I have in my head as being philadelphia I always pictured as being like this winter wonderland and hey yeah
SPEAKER_L: I've seen like vultures of um Philly like in snow before but I don't know that you're just global warming man.
SPEAKER_R: like that's what bothers me about these people that go there is no such thing, oh look it's snowing and look how cold it is, there is no global warming, well it's climate change just because you're not experiencing it immediately doesn't mean it's not happening. Um Yeah I don't I can't
SPEAKER_L: and on.
SPEAKER_R: grasp that concept of the way that way of thinking of. Like not listening to science is just so weird to me.
SPEAKER_L: I know I know. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: wow, so
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: cal for you guys must have been like ecstatic because I didn't want.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Oh yeah. Well I live in southern California in um I used, I lived in the bay Area until really recently, so that was like really blue, you know, it was very, everybody talked to is kind of kind of thought the same type of way. And then I came down here and it's very, I don't live in near the city really anymore. I'm kind of more, it's, I'm still suburban, but we're closer to the rural areas out here and some of the folks that are my neighbors are just um, it's very a very red area and like they're very like, I'm not going to wear a mask because it's my body in them and I'm like, well, but you're trying to tell other people what to do with their, by it and the whole So, I I try really hard not to get into any kind of political conversations at all here
SPEAKER_L: No because
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I don't like in the Bay Area, if someone didn't agree with you, you could just kind of discuss it and like, oh, I think, I think and feel this and you think and feel that and and we have a few points where we meet and a lot of points where we don't, and that's great, but down here, it's like, well, you're wrong and you better shut up about it, or I'm gonna go get my gun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Not far from the war. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is, but it's changing from what I've understood, like, like there's eric's getting more, I don't I was going to use the word realistic, but more liberal, I guess, is probably a better way way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah no it definitely I was actually quite surprised I wasn't blowing politics much but like I didn't realise texas had was becoming a swing state and I'm kind of proud that was almost 50 50 but I mean still became red but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's compared to elections in the past, there has been, again, this is I know, biased perspective, but from my point of view, there's been a lot of progress made in texas, A lot of people who are realizing that, you know, you don't, you can still have a gun and have your rodeo and stuff, but still let other people do what they want to do, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just I was trying to remember a couple days ago I was I'm called my parents and we're trying to discuss politics and oh my gosh like chinese conservative Texans
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: are a whole different breed. Well it's happening. It happens, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it's, yeah, it's, I don't know, I hope that as a country we can kind of get back to being able to discuss things rather than this whole, well, you're a lib tard and you're a Republican and just instead of that, if we could just discuss things and, and work out compromises, uh, instead of being just so reactionary, I kind of hope that we had more in that direction. Um, and I know biden, I mean, he's a career politician and not anyway, not necessarily my first choice, but um he is used to that cross aisle discussion. I mean, that's what he grew up in politics in doing is, you know, he worked with your counterparts in the other party because otherwise you could never get anything passed. Um So I'm hoping that he can kind of get us at least started back down that path of talking to each other more. Um I don't know, I in some ways I'm glad that I'm older because, you know, I I only have a certain amount of time. Everybody only has X amount of time on this planet, but my time is shorter and I won't have to see the repercussions if we can't talk to. You know, if but for you, that's I mean, you're looking at the next 40 50 years of of hopefully good discourse and not down the wrong path, but um I don't I don't know, it's interesting. I would really like to be in some ways, like to be around in a couple of 100 years and read the history books of what the eventual consensus is of what we've been doing for the last 40 or 50 years. And you know, if if it if it's going to turn out to be just like this whole like civil War period that's completely discussed and dissected, or if it's more like the boer war, where it only is discussed in the places where it affected, you know, I don't its history is interesting to me and the fact that it was one thing that bothers me about being facing, not immediately obviously, but eventually I'm gonna pass and I won't see what happens, I won't see the expansion into the solar system and I won't see where people end up and if computers take over and all the science fiction things that we've kind of come to expect, I don't know that. I won't get to see if it happens or not.
SPEAKER_L: wow. I actually think about this lot. Like if I could live um you know the company where it's like what you want to live forever or whatever um like like you technically, oh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: man,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I would, even though it's like a horrible answer, like I just want to see man, where does it all go well?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel the same. I don't think I would want to live through it necessarily because there's going to be a lot of tumultuous upheavals and all kinds of stuff. I mean, even if you look back the last 1000 years, if someone had lived through that 1000 years, the wars and the death and the plagues that they would have seen would be so depressing. But at the end of the 1000 years, they could look back and say, oh, I saw that and I saw this and I and seeing how, yeah, seeing how it turns out. I want to see I'm obviously not the end, but I want to see what the next chapter is going to be and what the and you know what chapter 20 is going to be and I don't know maybe I've read too much science fiction but I would it does kind of bother me that I'm not going to get to see us explore the universe and
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: discover real alien life and all the things that were promised to me by the science fiction masters. I'm not going to get to see it happen. Yeah. Although
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: when you look back, I mean they predicted like in the fifties they they have these pictures of the people holding the telephone and a camera and a video screen and you're like, well we have that. So what are we thinking of now that we're going to have in 20 years? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Crazy. Like yeah, we
SPEAKER_R: Crazy.
SPEAKER_L: have this pick now. We like that I've had in all of them tablets. Like I just, what, what came, where, how are we gonna go from here? It's just like I won't be able to see that. So sad.
SPEAKER_R: You'll get to see a lot of it because I was reading the other day that they've got this um, a neural interlink where you can um run a computer and do commands and stuff directly from your brain. And I'm like, well, if they're releasing that information, what have they done behind closed doors, you know, So we may see, we may see the terminator type take over the next 20 or 30
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: years. It could happen.
SPEAKER_L: what yeah. When you, when you just said I just imagine like everything being controlled by the mind and how like like imagine like we won't be moving around as much.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I don't know if you've ever seen futurama, it's an older kind of um yeah, with all the heads in the jars. Um and I'm like, I kind of think maybe that's how we're gonna end up, we're all just gonna be a bunch of little miniature bodies with heads and jars, running computers and uh, not actually physically do anything anymore. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh It looks like man with all the check that's coming around like it would be really interesting. But yeah, I'm glad that I guess I'm living at this time right now because I guess I don't, I don't want to be here when it's like super hot and like everyone.
SPEAKER_R: No, no. Yeah. Unless we can really as a as a whole humanity get are acting gear. It's gonna get kind of bad. Um So yeah, I'm kind of glad that I'm not gonna see some of the results. Um because yeah, you could be that person who's going to live forever but you're all by yourself in a bubble because everybody else has killed themselves. Yeah. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh now and now were all depressed.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no interesting. If you okay, if you could live forever technically you couldn't maybe you become a God people I mean you kind of are already. But like imagine if, well technology will advance um so far, but like probably enough so that you can carry like a sample of like some type of bacteria and like carry it to another planet and then start your own little colony there and just be God
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I'm sure there's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: been science fiction written about that. Um And actually you probably might not even realize that you had done it because I mean we're all carrying around so much bacteria and and all kinds of stuff you could get there and you know you turn around and 100 years later there's all this flora and fauna that never existed before. And you were progenitor, you started all that And that would be that would be really you would be you would be quote unquote god for that planet, which
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: makes you kind of makes me kind of think, well is that what happened to earth? Did we have something land here and and that just sparked it all? Um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you know that the yeah, God did God really come? You know what I mean? It's just it kind of it makes for really um interesting thoughts before you go to sleep.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah for sure. Um Oh no I just forgot I was gonna say just reminded me of something but never
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yang what was I gonna say? I don't know. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that will get worse as you get older too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no oh no.
SPEAKER_R: Oh the words is when you walk into you get up and you're like oh I got to go do that thing and you walk into the other room and you're like what thing was I supposed to do? I know I was supposed to come into this room, what was I doing when I got here? And then you have to retrace your path okay? I was sitting there and I was thinking about groceries. Oh yeah, I need to write down the grocery list. It's just it's
SPEAKER_L: I'm not gonna
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: lie
SPEAKER_R: that might not really thrilled with,
SPEAKER_L: I have this moon so already
SPEAKER_R: well, I'm sorry, that is one downside of getting older that gets much worse.
SPEAKER_L: definitely looking forward to that for sure. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It looks like 25 minutes are up. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we didn't start until about two minutes after. Um So just in case because they were like, oh you got to make sure you go the full 25 minutes because
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: they're being
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: their dining it and yeah, I'm just glad it all worked out. I had a technical issue during the week when I was supposed to do one, my computer restarted itself and it reset the microphone. And so I was like, uh we'll work, it will work, and the timer is going off and I'm like, uh that was,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I don't, yeah, I was not very happy with tech at that point in time. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah man but these conversations are there's so I'm actually glad someone like came up with whoever I don't know what they're studying but it's it's like an interesting research project and I'm kinda half of what exists and yeah I don't know it's been interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Me too. I kind of would like to no, if we can find out what their results are, although it's a private lab, it's not as far as I know, they're not affiliated with like a college, so they don't have to like be super public with what they're doing. Um But it would be interesting to know. It would be interesting to know what they're going to think of because somebody is going to watch our conversation and that it's like on the one hand, I try not to think about that when we're conversing because then it kind of influences like, oh my God, what are they going to think of our why are you know, what are they going to think of us talking about being God? Uh But it would be interesting to know where they're going with it. What what
SPEAKER_L: Well no
SPEAKER_R: it's going to be used
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: for because from what I understand they're doing lots of different phases. They didn't um similar one like six or eight weeks ago and then this round. And is this the end of it? Well they get everything they need out of this or will there be another round? It's more it's just it's it's very interesting. It's psychology was always kind of interesting and this is totally in that vein.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah You know like the questions asked like what do you, what did you think of your other partner? Like what
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: happened? And we get like stats, like people
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: thought you were blah blah, like the intelligent are kind and whatever and then this
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: would like to see. Well maybe I wouldn't like to see, I don't know that. I would like to see it from my last one. From the first one and from this one. Yes. Because I think we had a really pretty good discourse. But the last um the young guy I talked to yesterday um he was a really nice guy, but he was very um he was very into like what he was, you know? And so we ended up talking about his computer courses for the whole 25 minutes
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: and it was like uh which is fine because it's not something I'm not very familiar with, so it was really um in informational as well as kind of entertaining, but it was very it wasn't as much back and forth as we had. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I yeah, I've had like one convo about that was talking to a man who is getting his PhD in japanese politics, which is very interesting. We just talked about Japan the whole time was cool.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's really like focused, wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that would be very interesting because there, I mean I don't know a lot, but I know that they're culturally they're very different um and they have, in my view a lot of things that really would work well for everyone that I kind of wish we all did like the way their society kind of interacts is very respectful um where you don't really see that in Western cultures as much. Um But wow, what a focused, that's such a narrow focus thing to study is. I'm trying to think of what practical applications that would be. I guess diplomacy and politics is really kind of the only way you could go with that, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I guess he was like, I knew he was like, yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: know all this cool stuff and it's a cool party trick, but like, please offer me a job.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's like we're fine arts thing. It would be really cool and it's fun to discuss. But how do you make money from that? Uh huh. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think now we're at time for sure it was a pleasure to talk to you. Thank you so much,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, thank you, thank you for giving all the advice and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No I haven't heard before. It's it but it's it's remarkable how much of it is. True.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's more meaningful when like someone like tells me again and again. It's like if you keep on hitting that point, it just like keeps on furthering that truth. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I begin. And the older you get, the more true and real it will become and feel so enjoy enjoy your college experience. It only comes
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: around once.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will I will be sure. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Good. All right. Have a great day the rest of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think you please. You too.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Bye.