Yeah. Okay wow. Um Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm wow. Okay. Mhm. Hi.
Mhm. Afternoon just turned afternoon here.
Gosh. Nice. So,
Oh no I'm just gonna ask like how many interviews or conversations you've had so far.
Yeah I think you're my sixth one
Yeah it's all of them really crazy like. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Whatever
Yeah. What's the most interesting when you've had?
can add a calling your demographic. I'm also software in college. Yeah.
I'm studying design. Um
actually you just hit the two like ones that I really would like to go into. Um Yeah so I was I'm exploring so far but yeah graphic is like maybe a path I'll take but I really do like fashion design but we don't have any fashion design courses in my college for some reason. Yeah.
Yeah.
so like yeah they actually just created this design major like they had like fine arts and they had another one that was called visual studies which was like a combo of like art and Biology and psychology and I was initially
like going towards visual studies but um then they made design and I was like that's like the perfect like middle ground between the two because like I think it was a little bit too like neurology based with me, the visual studies one and I was just like yeah.
yep.
Yeah.
Oh the audit, so what did you choose
in bed or like
if we're
or
that's it?
it's
Yeah that's why I chose rather than on fine arts. Probably more practical now, isn't it? Yeah at least yeah. Actually
originally thought I was gonna go to college for like I was gonna do prove it.
Oh yeah, but then I took calculus and file my first semester and like really really hated it so
I mean so I guess I was I don't know, I guess like during high school I was taking all the stem
classes, I really thought I was gonna go on this path and when I got there like if like only half my class were pre med and I was like wow this is horrible, I'm here.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh well mm
I feel like we should special things you've been talking to someone, well college stuff, maybe we'll welcome. I mean um
do you have any advice to give me as I transition for adulthood to the outside world?
I will definitely. That's really funny. That kind of reminds me that, okay, well me being a college student, I wake up at like 11 30 I just like recently just woke up and I actually had a dream where I was like maybe 30 years older and I was like, wait, that was kind of really fast and mm.
Yeah, I'm hoping it was good. Yeah, I don't know even more. I wish I was back in high school so I could do all the things that I kind of wanted to do. But then I didn't, so at least I realized this when I'm still in college. So that's good now, I'm actually doing all this stuff. So I feel
like yes.
Uh huh. Not to Yeah. Well
yeah, I'm at east Coast, I'm in Philly right now.
Well Philly, it's more like I'm from Houston, so um Yeah, so I was like I would really want to escape that humidity. Uh Like when you step outside in Houston you just, you just feel it in your fingers like in your skin, you're just like, oh gosh. But then in Philly it's it's also human but in a different way and that it rains like a third of the time, which is like, it's all gross, right? It's like uh it's cold and wet and like you know the dirt's get really gross and I'm just like staying. But yeah, it doesn't get too like last year, it didn't it only snowed like once. Um Which is pretty surprising to me being a Texan. Yeah. I really thought like Philly was high enough to get a good amount of snow. But no, there's only one like snow day and it was very small. Like you could barely like make a snowball. Yeah.
I've seen like vultures of um Philly like in snow before but I don't know that you're just global warming man.
and on.
I know I know. Oh
wow, so
cal for you guys must have been like ecstatic because I didn't want.
No because
you
have
yeah. Not far from the war. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah no it definitely I was actually quite surprised I wasn't blowing politics much but like I didn't realise texas had was becoming a swing state and I'm kind of proud that was almost 50 50 but I mean still became red but yeah.
Yeah
I just I was trying to remember a couple days ago I was I'm called my parents and we're trying to discuss politics and oh my gosh like chinese conservative Texans
are a whole different breed. Well it's happening. It happens, but yeah.
wow. I actually think about this lot. Like if I could live um you know the company where it's like what you want to live forever or whatever um like like you technically, oh
man,
I feel like I would, even though it's like a horrible answer, like I just want to see man, where does it all go well?
You know?
Yeah.
Crazy. Like yeah, we
have this pick now. We like that I've had in all of them tablets. Like I just, what, what came, where, how are we gonna go from here? It's just like I won't be able to see that. So sad.
And
what yeah. When you, when you just said I just imagine like everything being controlled by the mind and how like like imagine like we won't be moving around as much.
Yeah.
Uh It looks like man with all the check that's coming around like it would be really interesting. But yeah, I'm glad that I guess I'm living at this time right now because I guess I don't, I don't want to be here when it's like super hot and like everyone.
Uh
No, no, no interesting. If you okay, if you could live forever technically you couldn't maybe you become a God people I mean you kind of are already. But like imagine if, well technology will advance um so far, but like probably enough so that you can carry like a sample of like some type of bacteria and like carry it to another planet and then start your own little colony there and just be God
what?
What?
And
Oh yeah for sure. Um Oh no I just forgot I was gonna say just reminded me of something but never
yang what was I gonna say? I don't know. Okay.
Oh no oh no.
I'm not gonna
lie
I have this moon so already
definitely looking forward to that for sure. Yeah. Um
It looks like 25 minutes are up. But yeah.
Do
it.
Well
Yeah.
Yeah man but these conversations are there's so I'm actually glad someone like came up with whoever I don't know what they're studying but it's it's like an interesting research project and I'm kinda half of what exists and yeah I don't know it's been interesting.
Well no
there
Yeah You know like the questions asked like what do you, what did you think of your other partner? Like what
happened? And we get like stats, like people
thought you were blah blah, like the intelligent are kind and whatever and then this
is
my
I yeah, I've had like one convo about that was talking to a man who is getting his PhD in japanese politics, which is very interesting. We just talked about Japan the whole time was cool.
Yeah,
yeah, I guess he was like, I knew he was like, yeah, I
know all this cool stuff and it's a cool party trick, but like, please offer me a job.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, thank you, thank you for giving all the advice and yeah,
yeah, it's more meaningful when like someone like tells me again and again. It's like if you keep on hitting that point, it just like keeps on furthering that truth. So yeah.
I'm
Yeah, I will I will be sure. All right.
Yeah. I think you please. You too.