No,
I'm good. How are you?
Hm My name is played to
me
and the next time you Amanda.
right. At three. Right,
Yeah,
I don't know anything whatever.
Um, right now my wife and I are living in texas. In Austin texas. Yeah. So
I'm sorry my kid just walked in there, Jack, can you have boston put a clean diaper on you? Okay. It's like I put a diaper on my kitties around naked
one second.
Okay. I don't know. Oh, mm. What? Oh, I'm sorry. Okay, here's what's going on here? Sorry about that.
Yeah, we have four kids, so life is very busy.
Yeah, we're
often were in Buta, just south of Austin, so yeah, that's
funny.
Yeah, we haven't been here
very
long. But that is, that's really weird because I've done this a few times before and I've, it's always been people all over the US like I've never had, I've never talked to anybody that was close, so that's funny.
Yeah. That's funny. Yeah, we just moved here not too long ago. Um We're actually both from Utah and we were living in Idaho right by Boise and then I got laid off from the covid big pandemic and then I got a job down here. So this is where we are now, so.
Yeah, That's rough.
All right. What did you, what do you do for work?
that
makes sense.
What?
Yeah, that's rough, jeez.
No,
that
doesn't sound fun. Right. You gotta gotta make some money somehow.
I,
I learned that. Yeah, we just, we moved here end of May. No end of june end of june.
So we got here right at the
speak of summer, so.
It was
very hard.
Yeah, I'm excited for that.
Um I snowboarded a little bit like in high school, but not any time lately.
Right. They should.
All
You
know
him
for
it?
Yeah. I'm actually pretty glad I've I am not
a huge fan of the cold and so like, hey, well you job here X is like, hey excesses warm. Uh let's do it. So.
Well
it's so miserable.
So are you originally from colorado? Wow.
Where overseas?
that's cool.
interesting.
tool.
Well
that can be fun. I guess if you've got investments in the right spot.
Um I've been doing prolific surveys for probably like a year and a half now, somewhere around there, just
kind
of
That's
Yeah, my friend showed me um because
I'm a software developer, so I'm, you know, I always have my computer on and a lot I'd say probably a quarter of my day is like waiting on things. And so when I'm waiting for something, I just go to prolific see if there's any surveys. And so it's been really nice because it's just extra money that's just right there and it adds up really fast. I look back because you can always see how much you've made during your entire time doing prolific.
I'm the
keeper.
Yes. If you go to submissions, it will tell you how many you've done and how much money you've made over the whole life of your account and I think made like £600 like some crazy amount
of Yeah, and I just do them just whenever I have time, like I don't dedicate time to doing it. It's just if there one there, I do it, but
I feel
like
every day is just, it's just whenever
Yeah. My wife has uh, interior designer, that's what it is. So, and she works from home, so she just does everything online. And so what she does is she has a, there's a extension on google chrome for prolific. That will when you, when there's a new survey, it comes up and says there's a new survey available on prolific
and so,
for
maybe just look up like prolific extension or something like that and
yeah, because then it just tells you when it's there, you don't have to constantly be checking.
definitely.
real,
Right. I know I'm working from home now too, so I'm like, what's more than,
What is
it?
Yeah, I heard that was another reason we wanted to move here,
kids.
Yeah. Which is good. I'm glad for that. So,
heard that. It's gonna be
like, yeah, I'll be sweet.
If they
give you
car when you sign
on.
real.
Yeah, I would.
are
interesting.
Yeah.
They were telling us and we were looking for a house that this is pretty, I'm gonna dance, trying to call me, sorry, music.
So if I get a phone call on my iphone, it like brings it up on my Mac. And I'm like, whoa, I don't want to talk to you. I'm talking this whales.
Yeah. We're looking for houses out here. They were telling us that beauty is growing really fast and this area is growing fast. So I was like, oh, sounds good to me. So
Yeah, they are pretty ridiculous.
I
don't
here
in Buta, they're, they're bad. I think we're like, I think we pay like, what did my wife say? I don't know, my wife's a financial, but I want to say it's like, oh, like six or $700 a month. We pay in property taxes, like just just some insane amount. Oh.
jeez.
All
Oh yeah, that's insane.
I mean
when
we were living
in
Utah,
we had a
house
and I think it was, it was a little bit, it was quite a bit cheaper than the house right now, Probably like 50 or $60,000 but our property taxes like $100 a month like. Yeah, it was, it was almost nothing like it was crazy
so to come here and we're like holy cow, $700 money, how are we gonna pay for this? But
Yeah, I think so,
no definitely not.
that
would be sweet.
because yeah, that's yeah, the property
taxes
annoying.
Yeah, for real.
Yeah, that's why it's always away.
other scheme
something,
it seems
silly. So does
it help at all with your like tax returns? Do you get a lot back with tax returns or is it just
not anywhere near
what you're
paying?
jeez.
Yeah, that's rough,
that's why we decided to buy, we were going to rent and then we're like holy cow, I think, I think we got like three point something like most, almost three point oh, and I was like, oh jeez, wow, let's by
then.
yeah, that's sweet,
plus the house prices here are quite a bit cheaper than Utah as well. Yeah, Utah at least like Utah valley where both of my family and my wife's family are like the same house we're in now. I mean we paid 250 for this one. If we were to buy the same house there, it would probably closer to four, 450. Yeah, there, it's
crazy
expensive,
got really expensive often, do you need something? But okay, go I told you you can't be in here, just fell over, go, bosco. Oh, um
I guess uh my wife's out buying groceries and I didn't even realize that we had this until like 20 minutes before because I was like, oh wait, I wonder if I got an email from prolific about that survey because I just did the survey yesterday. And so I'm like, I wonder
if
they
I'm like, I wonder if they match me up with anybody yet, and I like go in and it's like you have a conversation in 20 minutes. I'm like, oh shit, so I'm like, kids stay away. I got to talk to somebody
this one. I think they said they allow you to do six times, so like if you've already yeah, it's pretty sweet. £15 to talk to somebody for 25 minutes. I'm all
with that.
Yeah, there is very few that pay that much.
And so
I've
done it, yeah, I've done it four times already, this is my fifth time. And they've been doing this for uh three or four months now and so they must but they was originally just set to do it four times, so they must not be getting enough people doing it because they just stopped at the six, so maybe you'll be able to do it five more times, I don't know.
Yeah, it's pretty warm, this is the hottest it's ever been on october 10th in my life, I think. Yeah.
Too
Does it get
very
cold in the winter?
genius.
you
can.
So yeah, I'm not very cold.
Okay. Yeah, that's not cold at all.
No.
Yeah, for real. Maybe we'll see.
Four kids,
I hope so, because getting because I don't think I'll ever I don't know if I ever want to do that dr again because we drove all the way from Boise with the new hall track and so that was, I mean it took us three days, pretty much is driving all day so I don't never want to really do that dr again, so we'll probably just fly if we ever want to go see family so
and that'll
be expensive.
Yeah, it was it was a beast and I mean it probably would have been like two days if we didn't have to go like 70 the whole way but the truck didn't go much faster than that.
No,
no
we didn't.
So
my wife and the three youngest flew down and me and my oldest one was just in here and my dad drove down so so
boston.
that would have been misery. Yeah, we thought about doing it and we might have tried it, but our youngest is still, I mean he's only seven months old so he wouldn't, he wouldn't have done it, there's no way.
definitely. So yeah, we
just put them on a plane.
yeah,
nope. I never would have thought that I'd ever get paired with somebody that was that close and that's weird.
Or
else
man.
My
own world,
bro.
the other day I um, there was a person moving in down the street and they were part of my church, so I went to help them move in and got to talking to them and they're like, oh where are you from? And I'm like, I'm from Utah And they're like, oh really, what part of Utah? I'm like, okay, I'm santa Quinn. It's right by pacing. And they're like, oh, hey, I'm like, I went to pace in high school, like, do you know this person? And I'm like, yeah, he's my brother in law. So they,
it
was,
yeah, I was like, what? I,
no,
this,
All
I don't know either.
Yeah. Let's, no,
let's my, my
brother in law's cousin. So like, it's even,
Yeah, I think we're good
because it's 3 30
now,
so
um, you can just hang up
and
then you go and then, yeah, you gotta go back towards the work because there's more of a survey that you have to do and then you're done. So
this
is a good one
for your first one. So,
so why?
no,
I just, this one is really rare. Like you do face to face conversations with somebody, like they almost never have these kinds and this one pays really well.
So
yeah, you'll find
every
once
in a while. Like the other day I had one that was, it was like £15 for like 30 minutes. So they were paying like £30 an hour and I was like, yeah, and I did it in 30 minutes and they paid like super fast. I was like, oh shoot cool. So it happens,
it's
pretty rare.
But
Yeah, maybe it was um, I forgot your name already.
Amanda. That's right. And I'm blake
if I see you remember. Hopefully.
Well
I was not studying with
you.
we'll talk to you later.