fine. Perfect. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
No. Hi, how are you?
Good thanks.
Hi,
my name's Amanda.
All right. Does that time start? Yeah, three o'clock okay, starts now.
What's that? Don't go early so I didn't want to. All right. Okay.
So what do you want to talk about?
Where are you located?
So strange.
No problem.
No problem. Uh huh.
No bro.
Yeah. That's so strange that that here in Austin. I wonder how they yeah, yeah, how they paired it because I also live in Austin. Yeah,
I guess I
I'm
in South South Austin so I know, I know. Yeah, like off slaughter slaughter man shock area. Isn't
that
strange?
I expected that it would be somebody from like across the United States or something.
Yeah. That Covid has everybody everybody stuck. So I'm in the same
situation with Covid. Just wait. Yeah. Just waiting to go back. I'm not even sure if there's going to be anything to go back to at this point.
I'm a gemologist. So, um, I worked for that company. It's off 35. They make class, rings ball for art carved. You know the, yeah, But so I'm the, yeah, so on the stone buyer, but right now they have some people in Mexico doing it. I
know.
I'm just hoping. Yeah, because they have two minutes. It's, you know, it's in a factory setting, but I'm an office part, but you have to walk through the factory and I guess that can't,
for whatever reason, be open. Maybe it's not essential or I don't know. But it really, really sucks.
Yeah. To the point where it's like, do I just call it quits now or, you know, the longer I suppose I've been, there are 17 years. So it's like, you know, you don't want to just like lose all your vacation. you know, all the stuff that you recruit, you know, like that start over one week's vacation or you know, somewhere else. I so don't want to do that, but
I do
want to.
I know. So you know how miserably hot it is in Austin now that
you've lived here through the summer.
No,
right. When it was starting.
it's really miserable here. So,
but
you will not see snow or any of that other stuff. So you'll never have to de ice your car or I need the stuff that you do in Utah.
So did you do outdoor things like skiing? And
I assume everybody in Utah like skis or does something outdoors.
I don't know why, I don't know why I have that conception that I just think that my parents live in colorado. And I think, I think the same thing about colorado, I think everybody skis and I'm kind, I think I'm kind of right where she her area because every time I, if I go for christmas or something, that's all you see are, you know the skis on the ski racks where you pick
up the luggage. So I'm like, I think everybody skis here. Uh huh. Yeah. You're not going
to have
to
worry
about
that here.
What?
I love, I love the cold, but I also, I also don't know what it's like fully live there, like full time. I only know the fun like one week, you know, and someone else is driving me around. So I don't know about having to start your car in the morning or any of those other
things that
people complain about. So I guess I guess I'll just suffer through, I've been in texas for, yeah, a really long time. I'm trying to think, I graduated here and just stayed here, so it's been over 20 years. So
I was born in Chicago but my dad works for IBM and you know I've been moved, we were overseas, so that
was open Tokyo, Tokyo and Hong kong. So
I came back here to go to college and my family was still there. Yeah,
yeah, but they finally moved back where they are right now in colorado. It's the headquarters of East, you know far East Asia, the IBM headquarters. But now my dad decided to just call, he's retired now supposed
to be enjoying life, but I don't see him doing anything other than watching the stock channel.
I don't know,
I guess. I don't know, it seems pretty boring way to spend your retirement because Uh huh. So how long did you do this prolific thing?
niece
has
just told me about it maybe two months ago. So this is the first time I did this conversation. I've only done like the surveys and things like that, but it adds up. I was really surprised. So at first I
was like, can you show that this is real? They were like, yes, I've already been paid.
staying here.
I haven't
cashed
out anything yet, so I don't even know about that screen yet.
No,
Yeah, I'm trying to find the good time, like when there's a lot of surveys, so, but I don't know if they're just, every day is different. So I haven't
found
like,
yeah, I haven't found like in the back time like, oh, at five o'clock, that's when they're the most active. I'm just, yeah, I think it's just hit or miss I guess.
google
chrome. I'm gonna look it up. I was firefox but I'm gonna look that up and see maybe they have
firefox to Yeah,
that would be so nice.
Yeah, exactly. Well, I made a mental note of that. I'm for sure
now that I'm just here, it's not gonna it's gonna be fine not going to
bother like, like my boss is going to catch me or something.
Yeah, but you haven't made in the shade because
in
Austin there's jobs everywhere for computers. Computer people,
it's like
many silicon Valley or something. I always hear them talk about so I think you'll always have job security in Austin.
And then Tesla is coming here like,
I'm like here. So that would be a lot of jobs
they're supposed to be a pretty good company to work for. I don't know, I would like to own a Tesla. I don't know if they
give
me a
I
know and we can afford it. You can that
could be my bonus my ear and bonus or something. Yeah. So yeah that would be kind of cool
but I don't know. So it's funny because you're in Austin so it's normally I think you talk about you know like where somebody lives but it's like you already know everything because you often do and beauty are used to be nothing there was maybe in the last like 10 years but that whole area was just flat grass, nothing was there. I think the HPV was there and you know that little strip or the HBs but nothing else. All of the restaurants, all of that stuff was not there. I think cabela's cabela's came, my sister lived in ButA so before she moved to Houston, but the cabela's came and that was kind of like out her backyard sort of so yeah, her little kids would always play with the cows because there was that thing was just a cow pasture and then cabela's came and then other people started coming. But yeah, that whole thing was just an cow field.
So
street drive by and see every like every time there's something, no, there yeah, there
was nothing but
No, it's ok.
I'm sorry, mm hmm.
I mean not to be too personal or anything but are the property taxes any better in BUTA, because I'm like in Austin and the property taxes here are exorbitant there. Is
is
it the
same in BUTA or or is it do
you know?
parents live in a huge three story house and my dad always says, you're paying close to what I'm saying, so
I don't know. And I do not live anywhere close to that kind of how it's really frustrating. They're thinking, did you hear about this new project that they want to do to help traffic? And it's supposed to be like this train thing that connects, burn it to, I don't know, I don't know how it goes, but something like round rock to Austin to ButA, but it's supposed to help the commute and they're supposed to have like a big stage terminal and all of this kind of stuff. And then I read that they want to raise property taxes to fund it. And I was like, what? How can you even raise them
higher? Who like that's so ridiculous. So yeah, I'm voting a big fat no on that. On this year's ballot.
That's insane.
I mean
when
we were
living
in Utah,
we
had a house.
gosh.
I think that a lot of people have left Austin to move to the outskirts like buddha and Kyle. And so it makes, it just made me wonder, I mean I'm sure that there a little bit less, but it seems like they're pretty close
small, you know, a small house, I have three bedrooms, but it's, you know, one story. So I should not be that high.
You know, I try to try to get my dad to so bad. I tried to get him to put it in his name. My because I only read that when you're 65 you pay like half the amount the property tax. Yeah. So he
tried,
you have to have, he got, he went, he got a texas idea, he, he got all this stuff and he uh then they needed bills in his name which we would have to like shut down electric and start it all up again. So it was like oh so close. Yeah I was really willing to go to the extremes to to cut my bill down but
nothing's
going to happen
until you're 65 you're going to have a high bill.
So for me that's a while but still
yeah I have to come up come up with some other way I guess. Oh
it's
just annoying that they want to bring new things to Austin and then raise the property taxes to pay for it. That just so
annoying.
Especially
I mean yeah you got some back but not I don't think it's
I
mean
a couple 1000 but it's not compared to what you're putting in for property taxes it's really a fraction of it. I mean it's not even like house, you know
so
but at least right now mortgage is pretty the you know pretty the interest rate is really well so
I just refined
that to three. I think it's my point out but it's three or three something very low because I was at 4.9 and it saved like 100 I mean it saved quite a bit of month so
I'm pretty happy. I know that's something I guess but
Well I didn't
I wouldn't
think, I'm surprised, I wouldn't think that I didn't know that it was so expensive in Utah. Yeah.
No he wants to be with you today.
I
did
too.
So they let you do this again and again. Have to do this one that has the conversation.
I haven't
seen one that paid that much. So
six
is
good.
Yeah, maybe I'll bump into a guy who knows. No, no, no, no. I haven't even been out yet. I'm looking outside, it looks hot. So
yeah, it's tough when you have to do yard work here, you have this small window to do anything when it's tolerable. Everything else if you don't have it done like March april, you have to get everything ready and then it's over. It's like trying to do plant something or do stuff. No, it's
so miserable. So yeah, I have this like tiny window and it's usually like fall, you know? Well we don't really have much of a fall, but it's like I keep waiting for that one day when it's going to be cool too, you know, go out there and get a bunch of stuff done. My
sister
has
um you know what, a couple of years ago for like one hour it snowed and
it was like the best that everybody was out like roaming around and but also, you know, people here, if it
ices
here then it shuts down, nobody knows how, no one knows how to drive and you know, so you'll find schools close and businesses closed, just everything, they're like everyone stay at home. So if it does the deal find your at home, but that maybe like one day out of the whole winter will get something like that. Uh huh. No,
I think the coldest maybe is maybe even upper thirties and that probably is kind of rare.
Yeah, I mean there have been a couple of freeze alerts where they say, you know, put a towel around your pipes or something, but I have a feeling, you know, it's nothing like what you're used
to. Yeah, so you're probably a good a couple of those freeze days, but not, it's not gonna be very much so you might miss the cold,
you still have your family there, so you can still go and see snow anytime you want. But it's probably tough to pack up for four kids, did you say?
it's probably tough to pack up four kids and trying to travel though. Yeah, so they'll probably come to you now.
I can't imagine
day
car trip.
Yeah. Did you stop and do fun things on the trip though, since you have the kids or
they
were happy
just being
in the car the whole time?
I was
wondering, I was like, I wonder how you can get them to be so happy for three days in the car.
And then your wife, your wife too probably, probably too much to handle in the car for her for three days straight. Nice.
Let's,
it's so weird that they paired Austin out of all the places in the world. I mean considering that they're in England, you know this company right to
get paired with, I totally did not see that that was gonna happen.
It still makes me think like it's such a small world just you know,
I
see um my high school in Japan there's, I don't know, we have like maybe 240 people in my graduating class and there was people from like 53 or 54 different countries. Americans were the only ones who only spoke one language, but you know, so everybody who had a dad probably you know like the ambassador of Yemen to Japan, so there are a lot of those kind of people. So you know all these different countries where at the school and so you would think you know there's a lot of them go back to their their own countries after they graduate to go to college or you know whatever out of that hole. Class two people ended up in Austin like besides me like what
are God, what are that? That has to be just insane. I just always think like how is this possible? I don't
know, so
the whole entire world, like why would there be more than one of us like in this same place?
But I don't know. Yeah.
see
that's
so weird.
I don't get it, it's
so weird. I don't
know how things like that happen because you know like you go on a vacation in New york city, look at how many people are there, it's like why wouldn't someone end up there instead of Austin aren't like
it's just I don't get it but
planned for it somewhere I guess. But that's that's weird that somebody came from Utah that you helped move in that new year
and
brahma.
No that's so so crazy. I think our we maybe
I think I set the timer on my phone but
past
25.
So what do we do now? We're just
go
back.
My first glass. So
you're you're
pro.
I know you're a pro. Why do you have somewhere you struggle to find something to talk about?
Why do you ever have something that they're really uncomfortable to talk to someone
or?
okay, so that's
what you meant by that?
I thought
where
did you?
No,
I haven't
seen one of those.
I haven't seen those but I'll keep my eyes open for it though. Well maybe I'll run into you someday.
Amanda
that. Mhm.
Yeah. You'd be like prolific lady that was nice
chatting with you. Have
lovely
day in Buta. Mhm.
Bye.