Hey, good morning, how are you?
Good, You can hear me good,
Yes, I can hear you great.
How are you this morning?
A blade or you got up early?
Where are you? Because it's raining where I am too.
Oh, I'm in south florida. Yeah, So maybe we're on the maybe.
it's on like the coat, the coastal side of florida. Yeah, it's very great. There's no son. I even opened the bedroom curtains because it's kind of sad when it's so ugly. Mhm.
Yeah, I missed this. I love the sun. It helps you get up in the morning and makes you want to do stuff down here, go outside. And so we'll see was there?
Yeah, I think so. To hear any plans for the weekend. What? Yeah, just hanging. So my name is Tia by the way,
how are you? Good.
Is this the first time you've done this?
That's
it.
Yeah, same here. I did it like a couple months ago and I didn't show up. I felt so bad. I totally forgot. I wish you could like get a text message as a reminder.
As
opposed
to the email. Yeah, because I totally forgot. But I did it the other day but I made sure I remembered then you kind of feel bad, you know, when you realize that you left your like your person was there show up. So that's good. It's interesting to say the least. Yeah. I wonder what they're getting from, you know, watching two strangers talk or whatever, you know what they learn.
Everything's a little secretive. So do you have kids and all that stuff?
Cats? How many cats do you have?
You have three? That's cool. We have a cat. But well no, we don't have a cat. There's a cat that hangs around our house for some reason, here's what happened. So one day we had like a rotisserie chicken and on the left over part and I told my husband to put it in the garbage and he set it on the table outside and just left it there. So we come out the next morning, and of course the cats had gotten into it and it's everywhere, but now like the cat, like he won't leave, it's like he's waiting again, I'm like this is the most patient cat ever, it's been like a month, and he's like waiting for the chicken to be left outside again.
my
husband,
he was like it's the easiest meal of his life, so he's waiting for it to happen again, he didn't have to work for it, didn't have to share it or whatever. So it's funny my um my mom has um 22 cats, they we've always had cats, but she still has cats. I'd rather have a dog. Cats are so finicky they
don't want to be bothered.
that's so cute.
I
don't really need you but since you're here.
All
right do you a favor?
Oh I love that though. Grumpy old man cat. Yeah. It's so funny. They're like people almost their personalities are just so all over the place so that's cold. So what do you do there in East Tennessee?
Oh so you're working from home then is, yeah. How's that going for you?
would kind of agree. It's not bad. How long do you think you're going to be home?
That's nice. Yeah.
Right. And here we are at Halloween. Still home. It's so crazy when we um when you think back to when this first started and how everything was so temporary
and
now it's become
part
of life.
It's
crazy.
Our
last,
our last day of school was a week before our spring break. So they didn't seem like they were just going to clean up the schools and then you would get like an extra week for spring break, so go home for two weeks, we'll clean up the schools and we'll see you guys all back in two weeks and it's like crazy how we so we thought one thing and then here we are, we total, we had no idea what this was gonna be,
No, you're not coming back,
wow, it's so strange. And here we are, all these months later and stuff is still kind of scattered, like there's there's still no end date to anything. And I think that's the hardest thing probably for us because we're so used to everything, having an end date, everything expires, You know, you have an estimate of when things will end and this is probably the first thing for most of us that you just literally have no idea what this really is.
It became something that uh none of us expected it to become when I look back. It was like oh this will be fun, you know, we'll be home for a couple of weeks, we'll do some fun things around the house. And that was the other thing. I did some sort of survey and it was talking about like what you were doing during like quarantine and lockdown and we did all our fun stuff way back in March and april everybody cleaned your closets and I was baking cookies and me and my daughter were crafting stuff and now it's like no all that's done. Everybody has done everything you can do at home. Yeah.
Everyone
was buying the Nintendo switch. Yes. I remember that. It's funny all the things I think back that you couldn't find remember like I couldn't find flour at one time I get to go to walmart and the flowers
section,
What's
going
on? What's gone? And then I had to buy vanilla and it was like $7 for like the bottom
of vanilla. Yeah. And I was like what is this?
wiped out. That's so true because we all think the same thing and we all think alike something when you get there you realize everybody who got up before you has already had that idea
and now you're out of luck. Yeah. So when you think back like you know we've come far at least that you know everything is back in stock and we all can sort of live you know what regular life, although people are, are your case is still stable, ours are going up a little bit down here.
And
as a whole,
Right. Yeah. Everybody is curious about what's going to happen in the fall when you combine your regular flu and your regular cold. Because I was wondering about schools like are they going to assume that every kid that has, you know, a runny nose that needs to go home?
It's gonna get sent home and that's just gonna be constant. I mean, that's just gonna be constant.
because
I
and
I've
had some mornings where I like, I felt like I was like extra tired and I'm like, is this regular tired or is this Covid tired? Look, I get tired of mine. Then I would wait till like, okay, I'm good now. I was just regular tired. That's the thing. Everything is going to go back to Covid that's like our total world now. So I don't know how much longer I saw yesterday that they were saying a vaccine maybe in april Yeah.
Yeah, interesting. That was dr Fauci um But then you have to wait till everybody gets the banks
isn't
people
first.
There's gonna be and that's the thing is like I think so many people are not going to want to get the vaccine now when they started doing like the trials, I know they had a hard time finding black people that wanted to sign up to do the trials. You know, black people are already a little suspicious. We've had our issues in the past. Oh then it becomes if the majority of a certain race don't want to get it, you know? I don't know like what are they going to do if you want to go to certain places like you're gonna have to prove that you had the vaccine or
All
Just the idea of it and now here it is.
Right. And that's what people are usually looking for are the
long term effects. Yeah. I remember when um LASIK first came out and people were rushing to get LASIK and I'm like, I don't know. I mean yeah, it's great today. But you need to wait now. Obviously it's proven that LASIK is fine, But it's like that scene with your vision. You sort of want to be sure in 10 years from now you're still going to be able to see. So I'm amazed that people that sign up for stuff like that.
They
could have one blind with no reversing it and I'm sure there's no consequences to the trial people because you signed your life
away.
I
know.
Hey
I get like an amazon to $50 amazon gift card. Like it is amazing that those people sign up for things like that. I remember that. I was like no I wouldn't risk my vision
but obviously it worked out. Okay. So
we it's just not good enough.
Yeah that's not good enough for me at all. Yeah, I want vision all of my life. Okay.
right. Yeah. I admit it's quite it would be quite convenient I'm sure. Yeah.
I was thinking about the vaccine because we respect we were scheduled to go on a cruise in december of course got postponed until next year but I was reading um I got one of the cruise forms they're wondering if like that will be a requirement to get on the ship. Is that you have to have proof that you like had the vaccine.
You know? Yeah. Because in that case you are in such a crowded environment and they can control it. So it does make sense that if you proved you had it, they would have no problem letting you on the ship. Um you know, to protect themselves so they don't end up in this situation. Again,
it
got out of hand on those cruise ships like no one after the other the other. They were stuck on the ocean for weeks not knowing what was going on. Yeah. So it was kind of rough and maybe the same thing with airplanes to I don't know, I know the air for um the airlines, you know, we're still struggling as well.
Yeah. I actually flew in um maybe like june or so. Um and at least back then, like the middle seats were empty like a lot. I mean it was just a ghost town. So it was easy because the middle seats were empty. I mean the flight was maybe just one third full. There boards were pretty much empty. So it wasn't as bad. But I think now that people were back out, like if I was on a full plane, that would definitely make me a little bit nervous. Yeah. Yeah. And every day you see a story about somebody that didn't want to wear a mask on the flight and you know, they get kicked off and everybody's fighting an argument on the flight. And that's scary in itself cause you're in this little box and people were fighting swelling and I
No.
You're on the line fire. Exactly. Exactly. So we shall see. Alright enough. Covid talk. So what are your holiday plans?
Is your family all right there And uh near you album.
Okay. Well, that's nice. Yeah. Do you spend time with your parents and stuff? Everybody is are you guys still a little separate?
No,
we could.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. I just came for the thing and here I still am. Uh huh.
So do you guys all get together for thanksgiving too?
They
Okay. So are those truly like the friends that don't have family or is it just this new thing? We're just friends. I want to get together and do their thing.
All
Right. Yeah. So that'll be nice now. Your husband. You'll allow him to stay. Right. You're not making him leave.
I
wanted
through it. He was part of that bubble. Maybe his friends are not your friends and he was going to have to find an activity that day.
he's
allowed
to
stay
right? You're not invited to this. You can come back at 8:30 PM.
These
are my
friends. Yeah. Like my friends are coming over. I need you to find something to do.
But I bet there's a lot of husbands that wouldn't care.
Yeah. It would depend on the friends
now if I have a friend over, my husband won't leave but he'll definitely go outside. Yeah and he'll just be out there the whole time. So he's kinda here. Kind of not so it works. You know like he's not uninvited but clearly he doesn't. I need your social lot. Yeah.
Yeah. Just nothing. Nothing. Um Normally we we actually go to Orlando normally for um thanksgiving and it's so crazy because um we usually get off the Wednesday thursday friday of the thanksgiving week and so people have been pushing for the just give us the whole week because the kids don't really do anything monday and Tuesday, so they had a vote and they approved that we now get the whole week for thanksgiving, so I'm like we can travel but look the first full week it's covid, so now we have this full week where we're now all back in the house and so it looked better so before so we usually just try to go to Orlando for a couple of days. I don't normally cook anymore because it's only three of us now at home and so we just would travel so I don't know I guess we'll be here you know and we were gonna be on the um cruz for christmas when we were coming back christmas eve. Um, so that's over too. So I don't know, I guess we'll just be hanging out again, hanging
out at home I suppose. So our family all lives away. So I'm from pennsylvania, originally my husband's from New Jersey, so
yeah, a long way away. So I guess we'll all be solo this year, but we'll see. We'll everybody keeps saying we'll get through it. Right?
District
at
some
point
It's just temporary. So we shall see, we shall see. So we have a few more minutes I think.
Thank
you.
Okay, so I can I hear just a tiny bit of your accent and I love it. Are you born and raised in Tennessee?
But
here's something,
So do you know that you sound that way or people you know?
well it's weird because I don't hear it with everything you say but there have been certain moments where you said something and I'm like oh yeah you're her accent. It's just part of living in Tennessee. You just grab an accent
very distinct accent. How long were you in Minnesota
wow that it gets really cold out there? Right, a lot of snow but it's beautiful I bet.
Are you outdoorsy or not really
that what it's called? Me either Southern girls. I agree. I'm not a big fan of the cold myself. Yeah.
I know people out here we'll have the heat on and 60° and people like you have your heat on it. Like it's Yeah 60s cold in the south. That's old. Oh
well
I'm gonna be warm all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You've lived a lot of different um like and and far in west. I've never been that far. Yeah, that's far west because that was yeah, I've been living in far as Chicago. I'd love I'd love
to
see
what
else.
Yeah, I'd love to see what else is over there. Maybe one day.
What?
Okay. So it's like people say it's just
country,
it's
just rural,
it's just nothing going on there. Why
were you driving
over there?
get out. It's beautiful. It's funny the girl that I did this with the other day, she was from colorado. Yeah. It's very interesting. Yeah. Um She was and it's funny because I was asking her if she do like all the outdoorsy colorado things that we think about and she's like, no, she didn't ski, she didn't snowboard. Like you're the complete opposite of everything I think of.
That's funny. You should say that because she was a cross country runner. Yeah. College. Yeah. So she liked the hiking and the running. But she yeah. See I didn't even think of that for colorado because the mountains, it makes sense obviously. Is that what you did?
And
I think
wow, I did not know that. So it's beautiful in the day and at the night I don't have to put that on my list then. Yeah, I'd love to go out that part and just see um like the real America because that's sort of what the real America is, right? Just the land and the, you know it used to be and so we built all these cities so it would be pretty to see that. Yeah. How long did it take you to get there?
Okay. Did you do stuff in Kansas city or you just like slept? Yeah,
nothing much to do. So we're just driving through your boring town for the sleep and we'll be on
our
way
with the dish. You and your husband. Oh that's very nice. It was very nice. Good. No.
Yeah. Good. I'm glad you got to do that. That's lovely. I think that should be our 25 minutes you think?
Oh look at us going over. It's funny like that not to hold you. But the girl I talked to last time, she was like, she was so worried that she was going to get like some creepy man and like I hadn't even thought about that. Like I didn't even like
who
were big.
I hadn't thought about it until she said it then. I was like, yeah it could have been really uncomfortable.
I'm like I was telling her it's so unfortunate we live in this time. We're like men are creepy. Like I don't know what happened like all of a sudden all the creepy men came out at one time. I don't I don't know if they were hiding away
and these last couple of years they're like, here's the creepy man. Good. We'll tell your husband. It was it was not weird. Okay. It
was a pleasure talking with you.
Thank you. You too. And have all great holidays, be
safe.
Okay, bye bye.