Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. What? Yeah, Yeah. Well, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, wow, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, Mhm,
Good, how are you,
yep, you can hear me
perfect.
A little tired?
No, it's just kind of raining here and that always leaves me tired and hard to wake up
east. Tennessee.
Maybe on a band.
I mean we always keep our blinds up like about a foot, because we have cats that like to get up in there and if we don't have it up high enough, the bottom just bangs against the window when they get in and out. It's just like
I think for us it's supposed to be rainy all day, but
I'm Karissa
doing fine, Doing fine.
This is my second conversation, but my 3rd
attack,
my conversation partner didn't show up last night.
Yeah, that'd be nice. Just as a
heads
up hey?
Okay, well, and they can't really tell you what exactly they're looking for because then back to that. Mhm.
No kids just cats.
We have three.
He said you fed me once you gave me a feast. I'm going to stick around. What are you
doing
again?
If
they can be. Yeah. We have three very distinct personalities and are one always wants to be with us. It's never anything. She's forever following us around.
One likes to do the aloof thing where he wants to be with you but pretends that he doesn't have the other one
just
since you're here, I'm gonna lay down right next to
you.
And then the third one, he's just a grumpy old man and he goes and hides half the day.
I work for my city. I work in purchasing for the city.
Oh I love it. I'm so happy about it. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh So the latest from my boss was that she anticipates us all still being home at least through the end of the year.
It's really nice considering the first estimate was well you'll probably be home through june and then we'll start bringing your best.
Yeah. And now it's just been getting
extended
and
extended
it and it's like everyone's
just
kind of think this is
our
new normal.
Yeah. I have a niece in school and they didn't send them home early for spring break but they sent them home for spring break. And then during spring break they sent out an email saying you know we're gonna be out for an extra week I think it was. And then even before the end of that extra week they sent out another thing saying that they're not coming back
and like my husband he's in college and so they got sent an email it was sent to all students but it was aimed towards students in the dorms. They were like when you leave take everything with you because we can't promise that you're coming back.
Yeah. No it's a
I know what so when the lockdown started that was when a really popular switch game came out and my best friend texted me she says this game is coming out. I know you don't have a switch but you should get one so you can play with me and we could not find switches because everyone was
buying them
the
flour and the sugar was gone all
of
it.
Seriously?
Yeah. No I remember going Gourgeon shopping because we were like okay what's one or two things that we can cook that we can cook a really big thing of, so we don't have to go to the store. So we had I guess the same idea as everyone else. Get stuff for chile, get stuff by me. Oh my God. But it was wiped out.
No, it was it was gone. It was wiped out.
So ours, I think our county has at least stabilized. But I think Tennessee itself is still
going up
like ours kind of flexes like it'll go up for a little bit and it will stabilize and I'll kind of go down and then it will go up.
They're probably going to assume any kid with flu or flu symptoms has Covid and send them home.
No, I've talked with my friends and co workers and we all agree this is gonna be the most paranoid flu season ever.
We get
a sniffle. Is this a cold? Is
this blue? Am I getting the covid? What
is this?
interesting.
Well, and
they're gonna vaccine vaccinate the most vulnerable populations
first.
And uh, I know they're still say find someplace on this, but they're really rushing it and that makes me so nervous.
Like it wouldn't surprise me if it becomes a mandatory vaccine. But at the same time, like I understand you need a vaccine, but I'm very put off by how rushed it is because most vaccines from trial to roll out is at least a year and a half between
the trial and the rollout, not just corruption.
Yeah. This is not enough time to track potential long term effects
is
I mean if it's something like honestly if I had the opportunity to sign up for a vaccine trial, I probably would because I don't care. But something that's gonna definitely have an impact on me. Like LASIK. Yeah. Those drought people that could have gone blind and they didn't
know that.
You signed
the releases. You're
like, I
understand that there are these risks and I might go blind, but hey, you know,
you're, you're gonna pay me $50 to do this.
There
yeah. I mean it's definitely improved from where it was like, I remember when LASIK first came out there, like we can only guarantee this for like five years.
You have to have glasses get in five years.
think it's really, really improved now. And as long as you're within a certain threshold, they can pretty much guarantee you that your vision will not significantly change for like 15, 20 years. And even then it would just be like transitioning to, oh, I need readers now, and well, I'm a little bit nearsighted now.
Yeah.
interesting.
Yeah, because I mean that is such a closed system and illness spreads like wildfire
on cruise ships.
Yeah. Well, I know a lot of people don't want to get in a closed metal to with a bunch of strangers.
And what's that person gonna do? Like there's a lot of people who will kick off and start like hitting, scratching,
kicking, and if you're next to that, you're in the line of fire.
Uh no real holiday plans, like we'll probably split thanksgiving between my parents and his, like we usually do, and we'll pick one for christmas eve and the other for christmas.
I mean my parents are and his parents are both of us have extended family elsewhere, but
we spend time together, like we uh we go up to his parents a lot. Uh
and my parents,
I usually go alone, but oh, like my dad texted, he'll be like, hey, we have this for you, come get it, okay.
Mhm. So
I'll show up and I'll be like, hey, I'm here for the thing, and like three hours later I'm like, oh, okay,
pretty much out goes,
we usually just do it with like our parents, like, well usually go to mind first because they eat earlier and then we'll go to his and uh this
year we're going to have a friend's giving to, I'm going to have a few friends over and do that, I think we said the saturday after,
so I think it started as friends wanting to get together and do their own thing. But like one of my friends, he just has his dad around and I think they have extended family around, but they're not really close to them, so he'll spend thanksgiving with his dad. But then that's kind of about it. Whereas my other friend still lives with her parents and so they're going to have a family thanksgiving, but
we want to do something as friends because I mean we've also been our own little bubble through all of this. Like,
no, he does not have to leave. I
wouldn't do
that.
No, no. I mean he's not really close with them, but it's
not like
we're
going
to get him out and be like, hey, sorry.
I've never understood people who do that with their spouses like, oh, these are my friends.
You have
to leave.
I've never understood that.
Then. Can I get them depend on friends?
Well, do you think? Really? five, goodbye? I'll be back in a couple of hours when you're done.
Okay. So what are your plans for the holiday?
Hey,
okay, so along my way,
we'll get through it, we'll get
to the other side and
just we don't
know how
long it's going to be, so we get to the other side.
Uh yeah, it looks like
we've
been on for about 22 minutes.
No, no,
it's
just so I was born in Virginia, so I had a little bit of an accent because Virginia, you typically don't get much of one when I spent a lot of time in Minnesota after my parents stores. And then I've been here for a little over four years now and it's just like, oh you're in Tennessee now, guess what your goes out like.
no it's it comes and it goes and sometimes it's stronger than others.
you just kind of fall into it unless you like were born and raised somewhere like Minnesota where also has a very strong accent.
Uh 10 years.
I don't know, I didn't explore much.
not when it's cold,
No, honestly once the temperature is steadily below 70° I'm cold. Uh huh.
it was
the best part of moving out of my dad's house is controlled the thermostat now.
I'm
gonna
go
just
a little bit more or less than that.
there's some really pretty places and some really boring places. I can tell you that driving through Kansas is very boring. We
just recently did that,
it's
just flat
like
literally until you get up close to colorado. It's flat.
Just
marbles.
We were driving to colorado. We uh we went out there for a vacation earlier.
Yeah, and I think of colorado, I think of hiking, like it's pretty much all hiking.
yeah, we did some hiking and
just
some Hudson around and looking at stuff. We uh we went out to look at the stars because colorado is really good for sky viewing.
Yeah, I think total, like if we had driven straight through the draft time would have been like 27 hours, but we split it into two days and we stopped in Kansas City as our waypoint.
we're just like
pretty
much,
pretty much.
was a good time
According to my time where we're at 27 and some change.
that
had
mildly crossed my mind. I was like, oh, this could go weird.
Yeah, no joke with my husband. I'm like, I'm going to have much stranger danger conversation.
Yeah. I don't know.
Mhm.
same to you and I hope you enjoy your day.
You
too.