Hello.
Good. How are you?
How
are
you doing
this?
Are
you?
Yeah, I'm kind of tired too. It's pretty hot here, so.
Ohio what state are you in
Michigan?
Yeah.
No, this is my, um, I think third time that I've done this. Yeah.
But I've had a hard time getting people to chat with this. 3rd time it seems like because it's summer. You know, I've had cancellations on me at least four times now, So,
so
Yeah, I'm glad you showed up to because I was afraid that it was going to be another cancellation again. Because I had, I had one at last night at seven o'clock And the night before it was late at 11:00 and nobody showed up. I stayed around for like 15 minutes to see if anyone would show up and nobody did.
So,
It's
crazy.
Okay. My name is Cricket.
Cricket.
So, yeah.
Well, I'm a full time caretaker for my elderly mom right now, so, you know, so.
Why?
Boy.
What?
So
I do this full time, you know? So
we live
out, we live
on a farm, you know, out here in central Ohio. So it's owned by my mom. My father passed away about six years ago. So I moved in to take care of my mom, you know, because she's, she's about 87. So she's getting up there in age. So I do the grocery shopping and a lot of things paying bills and stuff like that. So.
No,
no, we rent our fields out to a local farmer. So he puts the crops out in our fields. But he runs, he runs the land off of us. Um, two years, you know? Um, for, so we got soybeans in there right now. So, yeah,
it's kind of like part time gig, you know I mean it gives you a little bit of pocket money so I mean I have my own you know money from that I've saved up from working over the years
and things like that, but you know um I don't have any income right now other than just doing this so but you know as far as like house and food and things like that, my mom picks that up, you know? So.
What?
this is okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been doing this and doing some few other things online so. Yeah.
it's
it's not a it's not a big income but I mean it gives you some pocket money, you know for uh just you know, fun things so you know.
No not really, no, I'm more of a person who actually participates in marketing studies actually, so.
What?
Well
I've
done a few marketing studies in person and my you know because I'm close to columbus so I uh have done some marketing studies in person where I've done you know they pay me like $100 for my time just to give my feedback on some product that they're trying to come up with. So you know
not bad. So
you
just
want to kind of, you
just want
to
reach
out to the marketing, you just want to reach out to like marketing companies in your, if you live near a big city, reach out to some marketing companies within your city and they should have a website and you can just kind of like create a profile and then answer surveys and if you you know match their demographic, they'll call you into either participate in a focus group or in my case I did like two studies where I went to like a research facility and they videotaped me operating some medical devices so which I had never, you know, I'm not familiar with those medical devices so but you know,
hey it's it's nice income so. Yeah,
No.
Well it kind of depends on there was one marketing company that called me one time here in columbus and they were like Oh you know we'll pay you like $30. I'm like man, you know I live outside of Columbus and for me to travel that doesn't even pay my gas money. I said you're gonna have to
sweeten
the pot up to like 7500 bucks to make it worthwhile. So. Yeah.
No, no she she kind of I said if you do get something like that call me back, she never has, so that's been last year. But I got a couple others that I worked with so and then one that I've worked with since last year that I've I've been out on their marketing studies like three times last year and two times this year so far. So. Yeah
well
well I don't really promote anything because basically they send me surveys and you know the survey is to kind of see if you qualify for their studies because they're doing marketing research for some company, you know like I've done um marketing studies like one company I did something for women's deodorant and their advertising campaigns for women's deodorant and I think it was for a secret it was for a secret women's deodorant
and
and then I've done ones for like a pharmaceutical company and one for like, um, I think it was an auto insurance company if my memory serves me correctly. And uh, so I had to kind of like look at their advertising and give my feedback. And then The two marketing studies I did recently, one involved evaluating a vaping product and looking at the product literature and I don't Vape. So I don't know why they picked me, but they wanted some people that had never used tobacco products at all. And I'm,
I found her that demographic. So they called me in and wanted me to look at these vaping products and then answer the questions
regarding the safety um literature that was involved in the product and you know, vaping products are pretty complex. You know, I mean if you're going to be a smoker, I think I would just do the old fashioned cigarettes, you know,
because you're going to charge them, you're gonna change the, you know, the little coils you got to fill out the tanks. I'm like that's too complex, you know?
And
user testing, I have heard of them. I tried
qualifying for them but they don't know if my internet connection was too slow or something, but they,
you
know, I'm not sure what it was. I just said I wasn't qualified to do it so you know.
Now another company I work with is Nevo N E V. O. Anderson.
And as a nancy Nevo it's N as in nancy E V. O. And now they pay you, it's kind of like a micro task site. So you have to do like little task in your pay like so many cents per task. And sometimes I get a little bit irritated with him. But if you have a smartphone I don't have a smartphone, I just have a basic phone. But they can have you like record your voice using their app and you get paid like you know 5 10 cents a task, you know because they work with artificial intelligence so they're trying to um improve things like you know Alexa Siri and and those, you know artificial intelligent assistance. So it's N E V as in victor. Oh Nevo
I think it's I think it's affluent android. Both I think. Yeah, but you can check out their website and see what you think. Um Now I I don't have a smartphone but I've done some of that micro task where I had to listen to people recording like hey Alexa and I had to like evaluate whether that was an acceptable recording or not because sometimes you get people with too much background noise and you can't accept it so. Yeah.
the
I.
C. E. O PICO
workers.
Let
me see.
Yeah.
Can you uh can you spell that again?
workers. Okay.
I've never tried. I never signed up with them though, so. Yeah.
Q. M E
dot com.
You
know the two
the two surveys that, yeah, I do sweat. I've joint swag bucks but I don't use them too much. Um I use Ben dale. Um Yeah. Um Now I just I don't do there. I do like their daily surveys, the ones that are paying like you know that you can do like 10 times a day. You know they have like a set of Surveys in there that you can do like up to 10 times a day.
I've actually used um I like those better than their individual surveys because if you get kicked out of one of those surveys like they don't, you know, you're not a good match. They just kind of keep rolling you through. You know the thing so you you know, just answer more demographic questions. But yeah, I've made like $100 with them this year, $100 with him last year. I just you know, do it every now and then. It's
not
something I do all the time.
And uh pain viewpoint. Pain viewpoint is another one that I use there. They're they're not as big of a pair. But every survey that you know, you want to just kind of like check their website like several times a day. And every survey that's in there, you know, under your profile, you're qualified for, you're going to get paid for it. So a lot of times it's A lot of times there's little tiny surveys, you know, like they're very short. So you might get like 10 cents or something here there, but as you build up your profile and you answer your questions truthfully, you can get higher paid, you know, surveys. So I'm always, you know, getting up cashing out with them, $15 is the minimum to cash out with them. And uh this year I've made up, you know, probably it looks like I'm gonna probably double what I made last year with them because last year I only made like $70 or something. So this year I'm going to make about 140 probably.
So.
No, no, there's there's so many survey sites out there. Yeah.
What?
Thanks.
Check.
That's kind of
kind of like an mturk kind of, I guess you could say in some ways, you know? But the only thing that I would say that I don't like about Nevo is I think that they're instructions sometimes are very sparse and you know, sometimes you can like I was working on one project that really kind of pissed me off to be honest, where they wanted me to give me, they wanted me to give my opinions on this recording of this computer speaking. And um it also was like an animated computer face to speaking to you and the face kind of looks like a female Chuckie, you know, from the heart or a horror movie. And I'm thinking, you know, I'm like this is not there like asking me, you know, is this realistic? And I'm like, no, it's bad, you know? And I think they didn't like the fact that I was so you know honest
because like after After I get done like 13 task you're supposed to do like 30, you know, it closed me out and send my work quality was too low. And I'm like how can my work quality be so low? And I'm giving my opinions, opinions are subjective for christ's sake.
So
Well they want people who were like, you know native english speakers and even, you know, some of
their, you know test for native
english speakers. I'm like, you know what
the
hell? You know, I'm thinking I'm thinking you know, and I'm scoring like medium, you know, I'm not scoring, I'm a college educated woman. So it's like I'm not stupid, you know? So it's like but I think there their surveys and everything are not their surveys, but I think they have a I that, you know, grades some of their work And I think and then I have a bunch of foreign people working for Nemo two and
then it's,
you know, so it's like double trouble right there. So I get a little bit irritated with them. But I still work with them if I find a job that looks like it's gonna be easy because I just look at it. I'm like, you know, I'm not gonna be jumping through hoops for like six cents a task or whatever if it's something fast, you know? Okay. Otherwise
forget it now. Find some other sucker.
I probably could. Yeah, I can probably teach math or something, you know, basic math, the kids or something, you
know, fractions or
something.
Come on.
My
degrees
in business,
What?
And
then,
Bye fiber. I've never I mean, I've looked at their website, but I've never really, you know, actively like signed up or whatever. I think the problem with some of those sites as you get a lot of like foreign competition who wants to be paid peanuts, you know, compared to what we want here, you know? So,
I've
looked into, you know, joining app in, but I can't figure
out
how
to I can't figure out how to get, you know, I've signed up with them, but I've never gotten any like um testing to qualify for anything. It's never even popped up into my account or anything like
that. So, yeah,
I think I applied earlier this year. Yeah. I mean, I create an account, but you know, there's some sort of qualifications that you're supposed to see in your user area. None
of that ever
showed
up.
Well, change your password by the way because they happen had a data breach here recently where people's people's data. Because I was looking at my Firefox passwords and I went into Firefox to look at my passwords and it showed that my happen firefox and notified me that often had a data breach. So
So
you
want to change your passwords and stuff? So
Let's
see
how
long we've been talking. Let's see. Mhm. It says we've been talking 27 minutes but we could try to push it to 30 just to be on the safe side. So.
Probably.
Well.
Rev
You must be a faster types than I am because
I you know, I worked as an administrative assistant for a number of years. But my typing has always been about 50 words a minute and I think they need at least 60.
So you must be faster than I am. So
What?
The
teaching would probably be better for me. Yeah.
What?
I hope
you're right.
Before.
Company
what?
All
It
Boots
something.
Teacher wei
what?
VIP. Kid K
I'd
yeah. I find a lot of like, you know, work from home stuff on youtube, you know, kind of look into, you know, I did look into click worker and that kind of looks scam me to me because they want to meet a, when I signed up with them, you know, instead of just asking for paypal, they wanted my wanted me to upload provide my social security number and I'm like uh no not until not until I reach a certain income but you know don't ask for it right now because that just sounds kind of scam me. So I just kind of
I create an account but I told him to delete my account when they started asking for that information. So
one.
But
And
teach away T. T. E. A. C. H. Away.
Hey W. A.
W.
A. Y.
How do you spell it?
Be
busy
boy? Why kim?
Can't
believe heads.
Yeah. Another marketing study I did with a company out in California. I can't think of their name. Higgins. Higgins and Clare. Higgins and Claire.
H. A. H. A. G. E. N. Sinclair. And there are marketing company S. I. S. I. N. C. L. A. I. R. I believe ST clair. Hagen Hagen Sinclair. And they this was like a couple years ago but they called me, they wanted to do an interview over Skype. Uh Well actually it was in a chat room of some sort you know video chat just like we're doing and I got paid 100 bucks for it. So it was about Macy's Macy's advertising so I'm like cool I'll give you my opinion so I don't use Macy's website but I'll give you my opinions
so.
it's
company. Yeah.
So yeah
look for look for companies in your area in your city if you live near a big city and and then
you
know
see
if some local.
google marketing companies, marketing companies plus Detroit and then you know in google or yahoo or whatever. And then it should it should pull up marketing companies that are located in Detroit area that you can like sign up for, you know, and just you know, look for their websites. So. Yeah.
You know every time I've always had these I've always had a good time talking with all the other prolific ear's it's too bad. We can't like have a prolific, you know,
hang out
someplace.
they
I agree.
The british found.
Well you want to
keep track of your, you know the exchange rate. So the exchange rate is really good right now. So if you don't need the money right away hold on to it in your prolific account and watch the exchange rate go up. Because I did that I had like
About 500 bucks or 500, Well about £350,, you know, in my, You know, because I made about 600 this year with prolific
so far.
But
well
right now the pounds doing pretty good. It's like a dollar, it's £1 is like a dollar 30 us. So you know, if the uh economy here continues to go down, the dollar will lose
ground
against the pound, you know, lose ground so that the pound will be worth more so you'll get more money, you know, So.
Yeah, I think so. I mean, I think that the historically, you know, we're going to be kind of in a depression for a while, you know,
worldwide, so
yeah, it was really
fun talking with you. I just
care of yourself and stay healthy. So
far so good. So he worked,
keep
wearing
that mask and uh,
I hope.
Yeah, that'd be nice.
But they should have a prolific zoom zoom group
or something so people can, you know, get on
zoom and hang out. Yeah. With all the other prolific users.
yeah.
All right.
Take care,