Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh what? Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah thank you. Thank you thank you people. Yeah mm He ain't hurt. I'm sure that this step trade anywhere I like. Yeah. No. Hello
how you doing? I'm
doing okay. Doing okay. Just wanted to make sure admits you can uh there you go. It looks like it it froze up for a minute. All right. Is
it
good
to know
Not
to
better. A little tired today but not too bad. How you doing? Yeah.
Oh is it where you from?
michigan. So we're
close. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So uh so this is your first time doing this or?
Okay. Yeah that's
I had
I had yeah I had to I had one yesterday won the day before so I'm glad you showed up because I was like oh no another cancellation so yeah.
nobody
showed up. Yeah I try to stay at least 15 minutes because this little extra money really helps. Yeah I mean beyond helps. I need it you know especially because we don't uh we don't know what's going to happen with. Yeah it's just a mess. Everything is just a mess. Yeah so
my name
is it is it is so my name is brian. Oh
no. Really?
That's your real name. That's unique. That's a unique name. All
Yeah. So what do you do for a living? Okay.
I can relate. I kind of take care of my wife.
She's she's uh she's got real bad arthritis.
She had a hard step. So yeah I mean I do work
but I take care of her too so I can relate. I can
relate.
That's
interesting
ruined.
I can relate. Yeah I do I do like have to grow. I mean my wife is still mobile, I do some of the shopping, but I pretty much take care of it. So you farm also. That's interesting.
Do you
That's kind of interesting that that's very interesting. So you do this kind of stuff full time like uh.
I see.
That's interesting. That's interesting. Yeah I said I'm a full time sales in the book from home, I do it from home and I do uh this uh and I do lots of
internet marketing so I do uh this I do
doing this, I'm not I'm not rich but I make a living and uh
it's really it's really interesting. I'm really excited buddy. So you ever thought about trying to make a little extra money online?
How's it working out for you? That's interesting to me. I always
kind of like
so do you consider yourself an internet marketer or no just
now I do a lot of that too. So I do a lot of marketing studies but I do a lot of uh promoting stuff your online classified ads using S. E. O. You know because I have a background in I. T. So when I'm not selling
I'm doing research doing studies marketing
so it's pretty interesting.
It's pretty,
No
that's not bad at all. So
I mean you
actually
go
ahead
and
I'm sorry.
I'm
is cool. It's funny you should bring that up this morning. And I was going over a list of what I call Focus
Boots and I wonder I wonder is there any money in that? And uh it sounds like you're saying yeah.
It's
better.
All right. Can they do that?
that's interesting. So do you do you promote it
yourself that constantly or just sort of blew smoke?
It's crazy,
isn't it?
boy.
What the hell?
You do the cigarettes? Right. Right.
It sounds expensive to, it sounds
too you know what you might like. Have you ever heard of? Uh Let me see. You ever heard of a user testing? Have
you?
Oh is that what
it is?
That's too bad because I I use them all the time and uh you do have a have to have a decent internet connection but 10 bucks for tests when you qualify. But it is uh you know you're not gonna get a bunch of tests like I make it I make it for within a week. Uh It's pretty cool. Uh If that one didn't work for you you might if you if you feel like it check out you test. If you're up to uh you test it's a little more in depth, you gotta do a little more studying but they may pay you 60 bucks uh test but you know so yeah this is interesting to talk to somebody else who kind of does what I do what I do so I don't feel so uh
was it what? Never.
Okay. Do they work with android or does it have to be uh Apple?
cool. Have you heard of people workers? People people workers. Is uh is a
micro
tap?
Let me,
yeah. P. P. I. C. O. W. O. R. K. E. S. E.
R.
S. Yeah. People workers dot com. And that's a micro tasks site also. Uh
And you and you can cash out after you f you on five bucks? Uh
yep. P. I. C. O. W. O. R. K. E. R. S. Uh Yeah,
why why they call it that? I don't know, it's the strangest name, but I I go in there as a matter of fact, I've I've cashed out a few times and I'm almost there cashing out, so you cash out after you generate five bucks, takes takes him a few days to do it. Uh It's pretty cool, and I know you've heard about amazon mechanical turk. I know you know about that.
You know, oddly enough, I use mechanical turk and out of all the micro tasks sites they pay at least. Uh, and I'm shocked because their amazon, you know, I would think more. But one good thing about them, you can find some tasks. Um, you know, like picking out information on the screen just like you said with the votes, artificial intelligence training, but you may be able to find, you know, something that pays for sent five and the task, but they may, it's continuous. So if you get it at the right time and you do 10, 30, 40 50, you can make some money. And the thing that I like about, excuse me, uh, you can set it up where you can have your pay sent to your bank account. Uh, as soon as it hits a certain, you know the threshold, you don't necessarily have to wait two weeks. So we another one you might want to check out. You kind of got me rolling now I'm getting excited. Another you might want to check out is I use it all the time. And this one you probably love especially with your demographics um Que me Q. M. E. Dot com.
Q.
Q. Just like it sounds like um I'm sorry I wouldn't play Q. M. E. Dot com que me dot com. And it is survey this survey based but they let you uh you can use a search engine to make money. I don't you know that doesn't work out so well for me but I I probably made since I've been using him 200 bucks, maybe 300. Uh But you know again I'm doing this kind of stuff constantly online and selling for the other companies that sell because I do I do have a traditional at home sort of selling job but you want to check them out and you can uh you can do pretty good with that and I know
you heard
bucks.
brilliant.
no
no no.
Yeah I know but
Okay that's pretty good.
That's pretty good. Yeah. Have you have you ever tried earnestly or super paid me?
Yeah these are the last two. I want to mention that I think it worthwhile because they give you disqualification points, you know you don't qualify, you still get a point. Uh it's er nobly and super pay me and it's and it's like the same thing like with Cuba.
You can cash out if you well with
with with Cuba you can cash out if you make 10 cents
it doesn't matter cash out with early billion super payment cash out once you reach a dollar. So I use it so doing all of this stuff I probably make $600 extra month doing all these different surveys and but I'm going to check out this uh Nevo in E. V. O. And that that's more of uh that's
good.
Artist.
Right. Giving your honest
opinion. They block you out. Yeah and and that's the aggravating thing right. About these sites you can, Have you ever done this? You you went through the whole thing or you spent 10 minutes and then they said you didn't qualify and I'm thinking I thought I was in the freaking thing doing it and I didn't realize I hadn't even gotten to the part where I can actually do the survey. So I found a way around that. But that that is annoying. That is very very
You
you
speak
English.
I believe
that. Yeah.
Get it.
Right. That will spend 20 minutes to get six cents. You know you mentioned your college educated you know there's companies that will pay you to teach from your computer. You know what
what
Well
they have this one side where you teach english to asian kids real. I applied for it. I don't have a degree
in education. A matter of fact I had my background as an I. T. But I
got
reject
business. Well I got rejected. You probably wouldn't get rejected but I can't remember
the name of it but it's when if you look it up uh there's some people making a full time living
doing
this. I mean that's what I mean these sites are all over the place man. So uh what do you think of a fiver?
Yeah that's that's the that's the that's the issue with it. So I I apply with them upward. So I mean it's just there's so many things you can do online and if you just commit to it like you say and I take the peanuts uh you can actually make a full time living. And my wife was shocked. She was like wow what are you doing? And I said I knew I could do this. Why had I had to do it in my situation?
Cause I actually
I work
for
happen.
How
long ago did you apply?
And your user
account
by.
That's strange because I did that too. But I've done a few jobs for them. The only, the only thing I don't like about happening is they paid once a month. So whatever you do, I mean, but they could add up right, you know, but they only played it once a month. But I do uh I do get emails from them on a consistent basis so they're worth, you know, logging in again, maybe making sure your profile because I know if they're okay me, I know they'll okay you so uh if you look into it and uh you can find some, I have one job that paid like 60 bucks, you know, uh took me about three hours to do it though because it was I didn't understand the instructions so easily but you know 60 bucks, you know what I mean? So I got I am well so I basically 20 bucks an hour. But those kinds of jobs of foreign in between the majority that I get a you know $5.6 dollars here for service but it's in my opinion is definitely worth you know, logging back into your account to find out what's going on because they should have contacted you by now.
Okay I'm going to do that. I didn't know that.
I
didn't.
Okay I'm gonna do that right after we're done here. Okay well I think we uh
I think
we
got a.
yeah that's what I like to do, pushing on the safe side man. I wish I could think the name of this. Uh how interesting would you be a teaching students? Asian students english? Because
I know you would, I know you would get approved. I know you would because they they rejected me because you know, I guess I wasn't the right fit. I have
to let me uh I wonder if I did a certain, you know what, I'm gonna do a search right here on my phone and I'm going to tell you the name of it and you go through it and I just think you had a personality and uh I don't know. I just think you would, you would fit. So I'm going to type in teach english to students party day. I forgot to pay another one too is uh I gotta I gotta prove for reb to do transcription work. And
yeah, and I suck at doing it. But I did it, I passed the test so
I'm
I'm
50 I'm 55 I'm 60
on a good day when I'm not passing out tired. But I gotta prove. And uh I got you might give me doesn't pay great, but if you like trying not to think about me, it's not really the typing fast either, it's the listening to the audio files and a lot of foreign. I don't know what they're saying, so but it works. Let me let me teach english
online.
and I know you would uh I know you were qualified
for this. I know you were. Okay.
Look.
Yeah because because I almost got approved and I you know I don't think I could teach uh I could teach technology but you know I barely speak english well myself. Okay let me okay. I think I got to hear once my phone is uh acting kind of silly. It's like
uh teach english online english online with this app. So let's see. So what it
is is that you apply for once you get
approved to journalists online with this company. Okay. And if and if I don't find it this
go online go on Youtube. Okay. Eight amazing
companies are vegetation was online. I'm gonna pull this
up and I'm sure this company is gonna come up. All right. Uh Let's see. Okay
teach your way is one of them? I haven't that's actually the name of it.
teach away them. I haven't applied for
it. Uh There one V. I. P. Shed right now. That that's one that's really great, yep.
Just
yeah just like it sounds V. I. P. Kids. Uh They want to degree, you don't have to have a degree in english. Uh And it's just one of the main one I want to tell you about. Here we go. Uh Yeah, doesn't have to sure. Okay so those, you know what, I can't you run across it, I can't find it, but those two are real good, but this one the only thing I can, you know what, let me go on Youtube real quick because we still got a minute to uh let me I'm gonna pull because I have it saved on Youtube on Youtube,
No.
Yeah, you know I I have an account with them and I actually went into trying to make some money. Uh the tasks were so for me unorganized
and crazy that I didn't ask him to delete it, but I just don't use it because I'm kind of with you, I don't trust them. Uh Well, you know what, I can't think of the other one, but if you go on, I mean you can't miss it because it's uh man I'm sorry, I can't believe I can't remember the name of it, but V.
I. P. Kids is pretty good. Uh VIP kids. Uh
One
like it sounds you teach your way.
know
what,
you know what I think I got it. Okay, here we go, yep. Uh Here we go. This is this is a young lady. Uh Cambly yes.
C. A. M. Right. B. L. Y. Camberley Camberley
kid.
No.
he hasn't cat as an apple M. As in mary B. As in boy L. As an larry y. As in yes, Camberley kids. That
one is
Yeah that's the one uh I would really be shocked if you didn't if you didn't get approved and they and you get signed up and uh, I mean, there's all kinds of videos on Youtube for people who are parents and I am, but check that out and, and I think I think you'll be happy with one of those.
Just like it's
right, right, right now, so,
okay. Hagen Sinclair, So it's like a focus group. Okay. I'm gonna write that
down. Okay.
All right, cool. So I
right,
I live,
I
live
in
yeah, I live in warren michigan, but we're right next to Detroit. So with all the big cities are connected, so I could, if I have to do some in person thing, I'll do that. So thanks a lot for this.
awesome. Okay, Well, it's been awesome talking to you
like
I
can hang out or Yeah you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna make that suggestion because they're very friendly. They're very friendly so I'm going to reach out to them and it's cool. I think prolific is just like one of the best, one of the best,
you know? So
I love and I love that thing where we're getting paid and that the uh not what in the english dollar, I forget what it's called when you transfer
british, you're getting what? Two extra bucks or whatever
so
That's smart.
Ok
so is
it like Canada does the exchange rate change? Because you know Canada it's always kind
of going up and down
we'll
go up.
I and I think the unfortunately I think the economy is going to get worse. That's just my opinion. I think it's gonna work.
I
I was telling my wife that. Yeah, I believe we're already trying to load up on tissue and all of those things because I agree with 100%. I think. I don't think it's avoidable. I think it's coming on. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, this was awesome.
You
too. Yeah.
Youtube. And I hope I hope your mom is is uh okay. Okay.
Good
for
you.
Youtube. Yeah. Maybe we'll run
into each other in. Okay.
All
Hang
out.
Yeah. I'm gonna make that suggestion because that would really be cool. That would really All
right.
All
nice time for Youtube. II