Right. Yeah, it's just okay. Of course. Mhm. Uh huh.
Hello?
Hi, how are you?
Good. Just hanging out being here. Where are you?
Okay? I'm in Tucson Arizona just kind of waking up here.
that's really pretty interesting.
Well that's funny.
That's pretty funny
hey. Yeah, we almost forgot we wound
up going online and just spewing it.
I'd probably be like that or
I'd be outside with the mask with a little bit of distance.
I
yeah, I actually feel more and more comfortable outside.
It's
important. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. That's why they have one kid and we're doing more remote schooling in the fall, not what we want to do, but you know the only
thing worse would be going back right now, especially
in schools.
I did play corporate.
I have a second grader. She'll probably cope better than she did in first. But yeah,
it was the social learning loss is actually in some ways what I worry about more like academics, I don't know,
Maybe
it's
one.
What age do you teach
or?
I know we've been doing different science like tinker kits over the summer and stuff like that and
we're both sides so you know,
you know, I don't know that we learned anything we couldn't have learned anyway. Well that's really tempted by I saw some of the circuit kits that are out there and that seemed really cool. But yeah, it was just things like make your own claw machine and it was through kiwi Co so they were fun. I don't know if they're like valuable enough to seek out.
You probably want probably more valuable. It's just you know, observing the world that we do day to day, you know because
stars
whatever.
yeah.
they did do um when we were still in person we did lego robotics, even starting in Kinder. And then in first grade two they had a like a month of like a and that was cool stuff because they really are learning programming. Uh huh.
I've been looking at scratch.
And all
of
your work.
Which is why zoom zoom is hard for them. I mean it's just not
how they're it's harder for them than for grown ups
had
it is very odd. We did form a like a little pod for still doing the schools remote learning. But just so that you know having someone else there like having the social helps of the learning.
that's kind of the plan or at least to rotate where at one house, but rotating the parents so that, You know all
three
us, most of us work at home. Actually. I think right now all of us are working at home. So you know, we all need to get our stuff done. You know, the first few days we'll all be around just to see how it goes this time around.
I don't know how well do for desks, but they're in the same homeroom and you know, they're all going to get home books from school like last year. Yeah, of course we thought, oh, we have a computer. Oh wait, we need to be working on our computer. Yeah,
the schools supplying from books and it'll be okay. But
yeah, the isolation in the fall, we did it like completely isolated when we were first learning what was one in the
spring. And that was rough as soon as we began doing like outdoor play dates a little bit like, you
know, everything improved.
how long have you actually? Probably since around the time we started quarantine and Mark, like late March, maybe april. I'd begun looking into different user testing sites just as you know, I'm a freelance writer, which is another underpaid profession. So I was looking for, you know, side gigs and I've done a few other things and this, you know, it's sort of doesn't demand a lot, but pays at least tolerably for the time put in. Plus the prolific stuff is interesting. Is genuine testing.
My
you.
But
Oh, that's cool. Yeah, I've enjoyed both of the other conversation actually the first one we said that we spent most of it comparing user testing sites,
which
what
would
you
Yeah, I've done user testing. You go through a lot of surveys you don't qualify for, but they're not that hard. And I've been having fun with actually the one that the guy reckoned the guy first guy I spoke to recommended that I've never heard of was Nevo any E V. O. And it's like it's a, they're developing like A I voice stuff so they need like recorded monologues and different things like that, you know, it's like little micro tasks but they go fast and they're kind of
kind
of
Yeah. It depends which one. Yeah. This prolific is the only survey site that I found that was like, you know, decent. You know, briefly I played with like survey junkie and just
but
mine was like after, you know, you would do screener questions for, you know, 15 minutes and then no, sorry, you don't qualify
and you get three cents. It was yeah, prolific. It feels like it's worthwhile stuff too for the most part and,
you know, interesting.
Yeah. Kind of They go
quick. They go down easy. Just trust your picture. Can you still see me?
Huh? That might be we've had so little bit of connection stuff today. See like this silhouette of you, not of you, but of if someone, it's kind of funny.
Welcome.
Yeah, it could be, it's probably, we've
been having some this morning, some on and off stuff. I can hear you fine.
Mm.
But
if you
get,
we had it really like, you know, Centurylink and cox, but then there's a little local company that does like bandwidth, like wifi stuff, just like I'm microwave, I guess. So we went with them and they've worked pretty well overall
and
it's not, it's not cox and it's not central, inc, which is nice.
Well that was part of it. It was like I liked, you know, just, you know, supporting some competition. Even aside from here, they cost a little more, but not really, like not much. Although we had to up our bandwidth girl now that, you know, all three of us are at home, you know, all on and my daughters at the age where suddenly she's gaming a lot more.
Oh yeah. Minecraft Roadblocks are the big ones
of Youtubers playing as well.
Especially now there and you can have a surprisingly social experience if you run the phone on speaker in the background and like have a friend and you're in there together doing something.
Yeah.
yeah.
it
has
been.
Yeah. But no, in the it's sort of filled in for some of the
social stuff which sounds weird but it really because they have a shared project just like you put together, you have to negotiate what are we going to do
next? And and they have fun. You know they have that little play deed high after you know when they're doing it. So
it's
good.
And it's a hoot to listen to. But
but no it definitely is. I mean we
we've
relaxed so much on the whole screen time thing because you know and there's not literally nothing else to do. You know it's it's like you can only entertain for so long.
Yeah, I was like yeah I began thinking you know as a kid I watched way too much tv and
it didn't keep me from reading and doing other because I mean there is the flip side where when the screen goes away, suddenly they get really creative, you know, you know that's definitely a thing too. But then there's just you know if we're going to get any work done which you know sounds horrible, but it's you know, it's part of it too.
next
I've heard a lot of teachers complaining about that and I think it's yeah it's I think it's valid. I mean I have had someone else say yeah,
but that's sort of it's like built into the system so it's the parents are horrible for it but at the same time being told you have to you know risk your life because I need childcare. Okay.
I'm torn because Arizona has gone pretty high. They were like everyone, you know they decided and mayo we need restaurants right now. And also I was ready to go back in person until like july you know I really wanted to but and then our numbers were high enough that the benefit no longer seemed to outweigh and then teachers were scared to go back and that really
for
well
now we finally went fully remote. At
least
our
originally it was you know choose one or the other and it looked like the remote would be kind of second tier but we were going to do it anyway. And then finally the health department of the county and our governor has been like, oh here's some data district's do whatever you feel like. But finally the health department said, you know this is our recommendation and the school of pounced on it. I think they wanted to go remote but they needed something they could, but they are allowing um for kids who need it you can go into your remote learning at school with a monitor which I think is you know, both excruciatingly boring for the kids. But you know
as good a solution. You know, I could see meeting let.
Father.
We've done that for a long time. Our local
food bank. Yeah. I
did.
I did that after the election. I don't know where your politics
are but I decided I needed to support
journalism.
We have a little local paper to that. Yeah, I do The Times and then actually started WAPO because they had a really good deal going for a while
like 29 for the year. But then we have a little local nonprofit paper called the Tucson sentinel. That's actually been doing some pretty amazing
reporting. Like okay, I don't have to subscribe. You know, you're offering it no matter what, but you know, I want
to support you and continuing to do
good work
and
I feel
like
they're
bringing,
they're bringing information to light, which is, you know about and then I can, you know, I can read, I mean it's okay to like see whatever bias the paper has and you know, read information knowing that, but the actual like what's been observed stays the same.
no, it's important for sure.
Yeah, our local, like for profit paper, they've been clearly struggling. I mean they sent were in Tucson, they're now doing the printing up in phoenix rather than have their own plant down here and they've been laying off people for years and I just don't have the time to do like good fact checking and good. Okay. Someone said this, what are you you know, getting also like that will take things almost like press releases. You know not I mean written, we written but they won't like dig very deeply and I think that's just resources.
I
said
Yeah. I was about the primary. I mean I care more about down ballot candidates than I ever have.
Oh, I don't, I know some of them too, which is fun. But
just because of, you know, working on similar causes and that together. Yeah. We just had an awesome um person when the primary for county recorder who's like, she's actually the first um indigenous person elected nominated for any county office. And she's also really focused on voting rights, which
is
part reporter
does. I never thought of that as like a, you know, an important office. I always thought just kind of like a desk job basically. But she's like has all sorts of ideas for you know, increasing access and
you know,
it's
like and she's an awesome anyway, you know? No, no. But yeah, I was excited when she won the primary and look,
board of supervisors or
Oh yeah. And I've seen some people running for state rep who haven't before it. I mean it's been it's been really cool to watch
everyone kind of get more involved. I started going to board not so much now, but board of supervisors meetings which
you know, four years ago I had no idea what the border supervisors even did. And then there was there was a grant that was problematic and we kind of like you know people began going to speak out against that and then all of a sudden I have strong feelings about every single board member
and for you know it was like all party like I don't know who these people are. I don't know what they do.
No
we don't level I think at all.
But
Yeah our neighborhood association. I mean there's there are like even outside not H. O. S. But like neighborhood like associations but they're pretty much I mean you can do whatever you want with them. But they political actually it's interesting is in the city until recently the are you still there? Did I? You're freezing on me but you might be able to hear me
but until recently the mayor didn't have a vote. Yes.
Yeah the mayor only like a few years ago got a vote on the city council. You know? Really? It was so it was almost like I mean he was still like kind of city manager in a sense.
But
yeah, I thought I thought it was, it made sense that you know, here are now she have a vote.
But
yeah, that's interest, that's really interesting.
I
was
my brother lives in Switzerland and there they don't even have like
one the
executive branch is like six people I think and each one takes a turn doing like each office including the presidency. There's like no real set like strong, this is the president, you know, it's completely difference, fascinating.
What?
you
can
you
know here
Yeah, this was fun. Have a good one.
Yeah. You to stay safe out there and all that.