human. Okay.
Hi there.
Good, how you doing?
Um I'm in Baltimore Maryland. Where are you?
Yeah, cool. You have been up for a couple hours, had a meeting um Trying to order some stuff for my classroom, um hoping to, hoping the rain stops so I can go out and do some census work pretty busy today. Yeah,
it's odd. Yeah, I am. I didn't submit my own census, so I uh interviewed my wife for information about who lives in my own house to put into the app.
Yeah, it's pretty silly.
Yeah, I got paid to do my senses. That's pretty good. I do.
But
it's really weird nowadays because, you know, every, you know, most people don't answer the door, which is normal, but the people that do, you know, most of, you know, people are happy to talk, but some of them are like, please stay away Covid, and I'm like, that's fair. Um So yeah,
I'm
Yeah, I mean, I can
keep my distance. Yeah, of course.
That's what science
says.
Yeah.
it's
it
it's a bomber. Yeah. I mean in Baltimore, the all the public schools are closed um are gonna be starting virtually, It's true for most of Maryland I think. Um but I work at a private school and private schools are opening and some are not and we're doing sort of an in between thing.
Yeah. I work with little kids so they want the parents want us to go back even more. Oh,
Yeah, it's tough. I mean the learning loss is real, you know, like it is, but at the same time,
I
I mean,
as someone who teaches
at age group, I don't differentiate between social learning and regular learning. I think they are the same thing. Um You know, you you just look at people who work in our successful like they're very good at making people do what they need to do. Is that a social skill or knowledge skill? I don't know if it's worth regulating that, that's my perspective
Second
through 5th Grade Science. So I'm ordering a bunch of like uh I'm ordering a bunch of like silly little D. Cell batteries and wires and so I have enough for every have you know plenty. Uh huh.
That's cool. Anything anything
anything jump out as like valuable, I'm always looking for new uh new and fun stuff. Mhm.
yeah I I wanted
I
want
I've been looking at these Arduino kits that let you build a remote control like robot arm, they're like 100 50 bucks though and it makes sense. You got a couple servos in there, you are doing a
20 bucks but you got metal, you've got wires, you know, you've got three little controller pieces, Everything is like five bucks each and all of a sudden you had 100 50 bucks. Um
and what is it called? Scratch, scratch is pretty great.
Yeah, it's sort of the standard lego is cool. Unfortunately they don't update anything so it's really out weird um like really really really updated. Uh but
anything
that gets
like quickly like for the child is so important. So I. Yeah.
Duck.
Yeah, it's tough. I mean I don't know about you but I have found myself like before I go on a zoom call. Hopefully like reflecting with myself about how I wanted to go because they're so frustrating and annoying and it's just I think it's hard for a child to realize like I have to emotionally prepare for this thing that is
like not a conversation, it's a Series of one way monologues, it's very odd. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm I'm a big believer in that, I think that's awesome. I am, I would, you know, as a teacher, usually you work at the summer camp too, you know, trying to make a little extra money because teaching cards are terrible. Um and uh that's not happening, so I wasn't Annie, you know, trying to provide child care in some way, I'm trying to earn some money uh and yeah, like potted up with that family, they had potted up with one other family, you have to, it's it's you can't not um Yeah, I think it's, I can imagine that allows you guys to like switch out, you can even have the kids at one house every day of the week or something, and or one week everybody's at one house and one week everybody's another house or something.
I like
that, that's smart.
Yeah, I really like the idea because a similar learning environment is really important of course, and it would be cool if, you know, if there's space at one house, all the kids have the same desk, they can eat lunch at the same time, all these things that allow them to have some semblance of structure, uh an emotional support that could be really awesome. It
Uh
Hi.
No.
What?
Yeah, that's great. Yeah. Um What else, what else is fun to talk about? How did you find out about prolific? How long you been doing this? What?
my story is like exactly the same, you know, I wanted to have like a little bit of knockaround money for dumb stuff. Um and I was a big believer when it started like we need to buy something fun every week so we don't go nuts. Like there's something silly, something little, you know, chocolate, a little game, whatever, just something so that like well knew and this was a way to justify that. You know, I want made $10 on prolific. I can spend $10 on something stupid. It is kind of interesting. I mean this is actually not a third conversation I've done through prolific
well
on this and apparently this at this survey they said you can do it up to four times. So and I have been running it for a while I guess. Um one of them was, was with a guy in California who was, who was in grad school and he was about to graduate PhD, and I go, oh my God, I'm so sorry buddy. Um
And I told him, hey like I like maybe you could get into private school teaching when you realize there's no such thing as a PhD job and uh I can maybe help you out. And I actually connected him with the head of my science department and it was like so crazy that it turned into a connection, I don't know whatever happened to that, but it was very very very sweet.
Oh that's funny.
Yeah, the 2nd
1 I did
that
um I haven't found another one that I've bothered to spend time on, it's been prolific and nothing else. Is there any others you like?
Oh that's
fine,
I'm going to check those out, it's kind of, it's kind of cathartic to like everyone's when I'll do a little 10 minute survey and sometimes I'll see you want to be like, even if it pays good and you know, it pays bad. Just like I don't feel it. But like sometimes it's like, yeah, I'll do a 10 minute survey. Sure. Why not? Whatever.
wish I could remember the name of like one of the other ones I looked at. It was like such a mess with like pop ups everywhere and like everything was weird and there was no retreating and it was just like, just like what is this thing? Like how does anyone do this by? How
are you today?
Yeah. Like what?
So my buddy,
my body is a PhD student in psych. That's how I found out about prolific as he his perspective is like I need people to do these things like I actually might create one of these surveys or my colleagues do. Um and so he told me about it. It's like something fun, not like as a way to make money, but just like somebody has to do these things like they want to know, and then I got kind of hooked. I mean, it's it's sort of fun.
What?
yeah, you're actually coming through really well. Um.
That's, yeah, no, it's coming through okay on
your end and hopefully that cleared
what
that said. Um that makes you think about, so I just, I don't know who your internet provider is, but ours Comcast and in Baltimore committee you can have Comcast or Comcast. Um and uh it's it's very frustrating. Um and uh
so I uh I finally, for the first time was like, so can you take cable off of my internet? Like, I don't, I haven't touched the cable box in like a year, I really appreciate it if I stop paying for, and I'm like, yep, you save $3 a month, which is like okay, like that's fine,
like
let's just
be honest, I'm using, it's not even about the money, it's just like can we just take me off the cable? It's such a hilarious, hilarious exchange, the way that they keep you on that, and then the whole thing setting.
That's
odd.
I'm really hoping that shows up in Baltimore. I think it might um like t mobile I know is testing, doing some of that, just any competition would be great, better worse, whatever something give me an option. Um
Oh, that's wonderful. What does she like to play?
That's awesome.
thank thank goodness for those apps, I think they're amazing.
I never got really into
social gaming but I I used to play a game called Starcraft two and for a while when I was really into it, just the chat feature with people who would end up playing with, who had, you know, like weird string names that I have no idea who they were, but I like got to know this one guy who was like in in um in like Bolivia or something and we sort of became buddies of a sword and it was like and that was just through text. I can't imagine what it's like for the kids who actually like really
get into it and either with their schoolmates or people they just meet on the internet and they actually get to talk like I think it's really positive with a
little
bit
of parental advice, but I think it is really positive.
What?
All
That's
odd.
Yeah. This the boy I was nanny and for his mom calls the Xbox the crack box. But yeah, he's like always on and almost always when he's on it. I mean, I would never let him play when I was there because like what are they paying before? But but you know, when I'm not there, he's always on and he's always on with a friend chatting usually over facetime. I'm like an ipad um voice or tv I couldn't tell. But they would always be like trying to solve the same problems or like just talking while it's like, it's very like very much better than nothing. Yeah.
I bet.
Come
on.
Yeah. Yeah. That that is an interesting piece that I really don't know how to think about because I like for a while I thought the time was really bad. But then like I used screens so much when I was a kid, I played a lot of games and I think I'm pretty well adjusted and I think I gained a lot of you know, skills from those experiences so I don't know, maybe I need to relax my whole mindset also.
All
It definitely is reality. Um Yeah, it's both hard and totally understandable to have parents sort of say like what we really want from you is to be a childcare worker. It's like okay, I hear you, but also like okay thank you. Like I get it.
No
can.
It's very odd because at a private school you have, you know, different like needs in terms of what parents are asking for. Some parents want education and other parents want childcare and you have to accommodate both and like it would be a lot easier and safer to just do childcare. There are ways we could just target that is in less class switching etcetera, but if you do that, you're not doing as much education, the kids aren't getting every subject as much, not getting everything as much. Um I think I think it's just a really difficult conversation and I would prefer to us just go all the way childcare because I think anything in person is better than anything at home blanket statement because of the social dynamics but.
Does your, does your school have plans? That's
that's the question like how small are the classes and and how good is the airflow and how
the Mhm.
you
don't even have
the option? Yeah.
No
I think that's sort of an acknowledgement is really important, like if if 8% of the population cannot do learning at home, we can accommodate that a lot easier than trying to come up with a plan for 100%. And I think as as like a community like we all need to be looking out for the least fortunate right now, which we're all aware is probably not us. Um even if we're all losing our jobs and
whatever else like and that means you know I'm starting a monthly donation to a food bank because I was like, you know what it's time like I have to I have to give something
car.
I don't
know if I want to cancel the first thing I did when all this started was start paying my local newspaper. God
it's
I
like, oh I agree. I I right after the election I started paying for the Washington post. I paid for the Times for a while. I was like, I don't even agree with everything you guys do, but like just do your best like have at it like you guys aren't perfect. No one's perfect. But keep trying. Uh huh.
I didn't
pardon?
50?
That's awesome.
Yeah. I mean I am sometimes I get really frustrated with the way the new york times handles things are frames things or whatever else. But my general feeling is like whatever do your best like just do your best guys. Like keep at it. Like I
don't
have to
agree
with
everything.
Yeah. I so agree. And I'm and I'm very grateful for those people because they definitely are working. That's cool. That's really cool. Yeah.
Yeah. I was like reviewing my subscription to the Baltimore Sun and I found out that it's now owned by one of these larger companies. I think the same company that owns tribune is you know they brought up a lot of local papers which is kind of a bummer, like I think I sort of knew it already but I was like oh what are you gonna do? You know do your best guys like keep at it, it's definitely more of a rag than it used to be shorter, smaller, the online stuff doesn't get updated as fast but they still do the best local reporting that anyone does so.
Yeah, I think that's really fair. I mean Baltimore gets a bad rap for being an unsafe city, which I think is sort of just like a racist and terrified nonsense. It's really not that different than a lot of other american cities. Um But it does have a lot of corruption. Like a lot of american cities.
I don't
particularly unique. Um And a lot of it is ineptitude. It's not necessarily corruption but it's just the system is kind of ineffective and having someone paying attention to what the politicians are doing. It needs to happen to what it can. Uh This was the first year I actually started trying to get involved in local politics. I knocked doors a lot with some people. One of my candidates lost one of them one. It was really eye opening and exciting. Uh
yeah, I agree.
Property.
wow. It sounds
like
wonderful thing.
that's so cool.
And and also just like you gotta
start
that's so cool. And also like a person who won wins a position like that might one day find out enough to go run for county assistant secretary of something or like representative for your local whatever like, you know.
Like maybe one day she becomes like a state rap or something, you never know.
You're
fascinating.
That's really,
yeah. Yeah. I like started trying to go to my community association meetings and I just want to pull my hair out. It just seems so silly and useless. But also part of me is like maybe I just have to go and like be better at it and you know, do what I can because it is a mean, at least in Baltimore we're a very uh you're the local community associations have an incredible amount of political power even though they're not elected. Um I don't know if that's true and where you are, but it's it's very
on.
Yeah, and these are just private groups, like they're just groups of people who organize, but it's just the way that our system is set up. The mayor has
a lot of power. The city council has very little power, although a lot of people elected are trying to change that to make the city council have more power. And then these community associations have a lot of power. I think part of it has to do with like Red lining in the city. I'm like these like white white things that have happened and all these historical things happen maybe 40 years ago. They just have created a structure. It's just like it's very odd. Um
Um it's
Wait, who didn't have 1?
That's
that's fascinating
the way that our works are like Um system works currently is that there's this board of five um border board of estimates or board of control or something like that and the mayor is 11 and then they mayor appoints to other people and then two people are put in somewhere else. So this is the thing that controls how money is spent and the mayor
puts on the majority vote. So like the mayor is essentially controlling this even though in design it might be a different system and that's why they call Baltimore strong mayor system because you have this very weird like board that is in fact basically the mayor. Um It's very odd.
Yeah. It might
be changing
though. There's been a lot of push recently to to change the strong air system.
One
thing
No, very cool, Very cool. Um, well it's 11:30
I think I might have to play by, have a little work I need to do before I run out and go knock on people's door and ask them how
people
live in their houses. But it
was
wonderful chatting with you.
Yeah. Best wishes for the school year. Take it easy.