SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: Hello, can you hear me? All right, great, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm well how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well me uh got that light right behind me, let me uh see if I can move that out of the way there.
SPEAKER_L: trying, I've been on so many zoom calls with odd lightings, whatever odd backgrounds, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: uh my name is Jason. Um I guess we'll start there. The
SPEAKER_R: I'm escape nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too. Where are you located?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the san Francisco area. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in austin texas right.
SPEAKER_R: It's a nice place,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. I love the bear. Are you like san Francisco, san Francisco or kind of a
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: restaurant area?
SPEAKER_R: surrounding area.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I was born in san Jose and spent a lot of my summers in the bears. Always have fond memories of that air space. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So you you know it well?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Not as much as I used to, it's been a while since I've been there but I love the weather, love the food. So how long have you lived? How long have you lived there?
SPEAKER_R: Um Pretty much my whole life um um I mean have have left at some different points but have been here now for 25 years
SPEAKER_L: Okay, wow, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah but you know I've had the chance of lived in other other parts, lived up in the north west and the East coast and the midwest actually. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. You've covered a lot of terrain. Were you moving for school, work or other opportunities?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit of both school on the east coast school in the midwest. Uh was in the midwest for a while with my with my family when I was really young. Um So uh you know, so in that in that regard a lot a lot of different places,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Very fun.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Is where you are your favorite place?
SPEAKER_R: I think so it's it's pretty much home and you know the broader family is here and uh so so you know you you tend to kind of a lot of times gravitate to to where your family is.
SPEAKER_L: that's true, that makes sense. So you have a lot of family in the area?
SPEAKER_R: Um not huge but parents and sister and her family and so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm significant, significant. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. So so about yourself then, how long have you been in Austin?
SPEAKER_L: uh 20 years. So no I was born in san Jose but then they moved to Hong kong Very shortly after that was two weeks old, three weeks old. So I grew up in Hong kong, then moved to Fort Worth texas and then I came to Austin for school at the university of texas and I never left. I was like Austin is the place for me, I'm gonna stay here and I've been lucky to be able to stay here. I know not everyone has been so fortunate.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah. No, I've had the chance to visit Austin a few times and really really enjoy it and uh have a bunch of co workers that live in Austin and they all speak very highly of it, although I understand it In 20 years, it's probably changed pretty significantly from.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it has. Yeah. I think when I showed up the population was Hovering on the 250,000. Don't quote me exactly and maybe a little bit off there, but now I think we just hit the million mark. Oh my gosh. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I hear the traffic and the gridlock like like a lot of areas has in the kind of, the sprawl has has really become kind of an issue. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: urban legend is that the uh early city planners always never intended awesome to be big. So they thought they thought possible, oh if we don't build it, people won't come. So there's no infrastructure to handle the size of the population and the commute. So now they're finally starting to like we cannot function on this two lane highways. No, we couldn't do that 20 years ago. That was really pretty bad. So. But progress is being made, a time change, change happens, it's been some some of the good some not so great, but it is what it is. Yeah. Thank
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: So, so, so kind of during this whole coronavirus then, how are you doing? And have you missed him? And you, have you been able to work from home and?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thanks for asking. So I've actually always been I've been working from home for 10 years now. Uh So I've been lucky in that regard. Like that's not from is not new. I already had my office set up by standing. That's the way I like it. So I'm used to, I'm used to the routine. Um but then actually switched companies in february, like right before things started hitting. So I still also feel lucky. It's like, wow. Uh still employed was also work from home and they've been also been very supportive. The challenging thing is, uh I have two Children ages nine and 7, so alright, schools shut down in spring. All right, let's figure this out while I'm trying to work. Mm hmm. Summer Cool. Can't go anywhere. Nothing is open. But I think at the worst case has been, this has been an inconvenience. And if that's the worst case, I'm so fortunate and lucky and blessed like, yeah, I'm still employed. I'm still healthy. Everyone with families healthy when they have to go to, you know, online schools, like I add extra laptops, so okay, we have to set up the space for them. So yeah, been lucky and fortunate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good. Good. And then, uh when do your kids start school then? And what are they doing? Are they doing a hybrid? Are they doing all virtual at first?
SPEAKER_L: Start thursday, but I said monday in a few days they start um they saw the first four weeks will be virtually and then depends on the state and what our state education t I can never wrote the A stands for the agency, administration of texas, education something and depends on what they say, like whether they can push it back another four weeks or not. But yeah, how about you? How are you holding up?
SPEAKER_R: Good. Good. I I likewise, uh I mean, so I work for a large company and um while I've been going into the office, most everything we did, we were working for, you know, working with folks in different geographical locations anyway, so making the switch from, from, you know, not being in the office to hear really wasn't any different than kind of how we were already doing business. Um, and, and legacy, we're pretty used to it. I mean, people used to pretty frequently work from home if you know, they needed to. So,
SPEAKER_L: Mr
SPEAKER_R: so in that regard it wasn't that much of a change. And uh, And then, you know, similarly I've got a 16 year old and a 13 year old and uh, you know, so fortunate in that, you know, there are a little bit more independent. They don't necessarily need as much hands on oversight with the distance learning. And so my, My 13 year old starts school tomorrow and then my 16 year old starts on Wednesday. And uh, for them at this point it's all 100% virtual. So we'll, you know, we'll see if that changes. Um, I know from my oldest they had, because they go to different schools they had previously at my oldest, the high school for my oldest, they were working on a model originally where the high schoolers who are going to go back, they were going to be in class one day a week and then do four days of virtual. Um But then kind of in july when our our state numbers started to get a whole lot worse than they shift to a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: virtual only model. So we'll, you know, we'll see at some point if they revert back to uh to, you know, to one of the previous models I think, you know, I think, you know, like you say that first four weeks, you know, they're going to be watching and looking at what's happening to the other schools and then trying to figure out, you know, what makes the most sense. Now I've I've seen, I saw the, there's a couple of high schools I think in Georgia that have been getting a lot of media attention and um, I saw him, one of them, you know, they had opened up, didn't, you know, they were being kind of um, they weren't being very stringent on masks and requirements
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: like that. And I, and I saw where over the weekend they said that six students in three faculty have already tested positive and you know, so that it, that doesn't, that just doesn't,
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: dad.
SPEAKER_R: doesn't, it doesn't look good, you know, if they continued operated in that model and even, you know, just even with, with masks, you know, kids are kids and you know, just that ability to, you know, keep distance and all that I think is just going to be very, very challenging.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I read that too and I'm like, are you kidding me? Why would you open like that? Yeah, and
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: I think they've only closed today and tomorrow and they're going to go back and you gotta be kidding me. That's so insane.
SPEAKER_R: Well and the thing about it too is that, you know, especially as,
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you know, because they say, well, you know, if the kids, you know, if the kids are the faculty tests, then, you know, then those that they were around will go in quarantine.
SPEAKER_L: Two
SPEAKER_R: But then what it's just, it's so disruptive to the learning experience because, you know, now all of a sudden big group of either the faculty or the kids, you know, they're out there trying to do some sort of distance learning model, it's probably not very effective and, you know, it just seems that if you're, if you're going to do something, you should kind of focus it on one methodology and have good processes in place and, you know, just really
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: be able to, to, to to make it work. And instead it, you know, looking at some of these experiments, it seems like, you know it seems like it's more of a it's more of a a statement that they're trying to make and when the statement doesn't work out they're not really sure what plan B is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a great, yeah, I love that summary of a statement to try to make some like, what are you doing? That's a statement, That makes sense. Twitter Yeah, now now is not the time to dabble with, let's try this, let's as I know go all edge, shut
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: it down please. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and you know the sad thing about it is you know with all the just all of the science that we have out there, all of you know all of the individuals with um just strong pedigrees and medicine, infectious diseases. Um you know you you would hope that there would be more people you know listening and following that guidance and unfortunately I think during this whole thing what you've seen is you know a lot of just a lot of people that just either aren't listening or don't want to listen or are and and that's I don't know that's that's definitely frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: so frustrating, it's even more exacerbated. I just saw this headline that new Zealand has like, this is 100 and first day with no new cases,
SPEAKER_R: Ready?
SPEAKER_L: I like it. Oh, this is so beautiful if we just focused, but we're still kind of half ass it that here and there and like, okay, we're not going to get anywhere if we keep we open a little bit, no, keep it shut down. We were we were, the curve was going down now is not
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: the time to open to double down the efforts. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and my uh
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: actually when this all started, my my parents were on a cruise ship that was in New Zealand. And uh and so and and at that point you know it we were seeing more in the states than Australia and New Zealand, there were maybe about a week or so behind, you know, in terms of starting to see their infections rise. But my sister and I we called my parents like you said it was that I think that day remember when you know the president had the big news conference and they were shutting the borders down and I think the NBA had just stopped and tom Hanks had announced that he had and it was like all the stuff was happening at the same time. And so we we called my parents on the cruise and they were, they were, it was a month long cruise. They were about a week into it, maybe a week and a half.
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: And, and you know, we called them and said, you know, hey, we think it's, it's time you need to, to to come back home, you know, because things are shutting down and you know, you may not be able to get a flight and you know, who knows what's, what's going to happen. And so, you know, at first they were like, oh no, you know, everything's fine on the ship were all, you know, doing great, having a good time. And then, and then uh, the next day I think as they started to see a little bit more of the news, um, and started talking a little bit more with some, and they were part of a group. There was about 30 of them that had all kind of traveled together and at that point they called us back and said, yeah, we're going to leave. And so the ship was in um, Dunedin New Zealand and so they got off and, and a bunch of other folks got off and then they were able to get a flight to Auckland and then flew from Auckland to san Francisco and got back and you know, other than the occasional car trip now, you know, basically have not left their house at all. But there were some others that stayed on the ship, um, you know, that decided they, you know, they were gonna, you know, keep writing it out. And so the, the ship left uneaten it, it was supposed to stop at other ports in New Zealand. But at that point, the government in New Zealand said no, you know, no more cruise ships. You know, we don't want any any risk that, you know, you're bringing the virus in. And then the cruise was supposed to end in Australia. So the cruise ship ended up going over to Sydney and that took about another, I don't know, four or five days. So the people that stayed on ended up getting to Sydney and then basically they took them right off the cruise ship in Sydney, took him to the airport and put them on flights to the U. S. But uh out of the out of the group my parents were traveling with Um there was about 30 and they said that ultimately about three of them tested for the coronavirus. So so but I think I mean it was in retrospect getting them off sooner rather than letting them stay that extra week. And you know, given there were definitely people that had the virus at that point on the ship I think I think definitely worked out for the best.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, as wild, I love it sounds like you've been keeping up with the coronavirus news and what's been going on, you seem very well informed
SPEAKER_R: You know I think it's one of the things you you have to be and I mean it's it's I mean you know in many ways this will you
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: know this sort of defines you know for for many of us probably you know this was sort of define you know our lives when we look back, you know that period of you know just just because everything changed and I think You know, certainly over the next 5 to 10 years, you know we'll still be dealing with a lot of the ramifications of it. You know, whether it's um economic, you know whether it's you know whether it's just health, I mean you know this is not one of those things that I think once everybody gets the vaccine, it's like, you know, it all goes back to how it was before. I think I think there definitely will be changes just in what
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: we're used to and so plus plus with all the all the all the quarantine time to, you know, you got to keep yourself busy and you know,
SPEAKER_L: Indeed,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Indeed. Yeah, I've been thinking about, okay, like after 9 11 changed the way we fly, Like there are security checks, things you can bring on things you can say. Okay, that really it changed quite a bit there and I'm wondering, okay, well masks here more of a norm, even when there isn't a pandemic carpets can be more uh comfortable during Moscow's hi allergies. He's emerged for whatever reason. Like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I wonder what up?
SPEAKER_R: well, you know, as you, as you mentioned, you know, sounds like you've spent a lot of time in in Hong kong and I mean I've spent a lot of time in in japan and I don't know, I would assume it's probably the same in Hong kong that I mean in Japan, it's it's fairly normal to see people with masks on, you know, just happened about and you know, on the, on the trains and you
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: I got stared down in a train because I was coughing and they were just staring at me like why don't you have a mask? Like it just started. I I just have something, it's a little piece of dust here. I'm not sick, sorry, but social like having like a two dozen people stare at me with that much intensity and at this day and at once before. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: So but I mean they're in japan and in Hong kong mm the culture is very communal so you do things for the community whereas being America it's very individual individualistic. Which I think both have their pros and cons. So it makes sense where ones like you do don't be in, you know japan and Hong kong don't be that person that's spreading the disease. Yeah. I don't want to do that here. It's kind of uh freedom. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now that's uh that
SPEAKER_L: Capital.
SPEAKER_R: point about being communal, communal, I think is right on, I mean, I would definitely agree with you that that's that's definitely not the way the american society operates. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Oh, okay. Yeah. How are your Children taking this? Because I mean, I'm trying, I mean as an adult, I can kind of wrap my head around appendix, kind of just still very weird to me from china and like your kids are teenagers, how are you, how do you process what we're going through?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's a good question. I've been I've been wondering about that as well and you know, obviously, you know, my kids, you know, they they they keep in touch with, you know, their friends via uh you know, all the various social media, but you know, really really have not seen them um from from my oldest daughter, we let her get together with one of her friends for about an hour a month or so ago, they were outside, they got had some lunch, you know, kept socially distance, but other than that they've, you know, they've had very limited contact with their friends and so it's, uh, you know, and then they were so used to in school of, you know, always being with their friends and, you know, doing doing activities after school or um, you know, whether it was birthday parties or after school type activities. So I mean, I think they're doing okay. I mean, I would say my, my kids, you know, they, um, I think they understand, uh, the magnitude of the situation and you know, my my wife is, she's in the medical community and you know, so they've learned a lot from her and I think they have an appreciation for it. And, you know, I think, you know, she talks with, um, you know, just just with authority to be able to say, you know, you know, this isn't something we can take lightly. And so they've actually, I'm surprised at kind of how well they've adapted and trying to stay. I tried to stay positive. Certainly they were disappointed when the, when the word came down, that school was going to start virtual. But once again, I think they've accepted that it's it's important. And I think one of the things that we've talked about is, You know, I'm I'm, you know, mid 50s and um, you know, while I'm not in that high risk group yet, you know, both, you know, my wife and I, you know, with, we could certainly catch it just as easily as a lot of other people our age have and you know, so if, you know, I think they feel responsible enough that, you know, they wouldn't want to necessarily infect us and have something happened. So I think in that sense, you know, they've they kind of realize the gravity of the situation. They don't like it. You know, I think they they realize there is probably a light at the end of the tunnel and we'll get back to some sort of normal, see this isn't going to necessarily be for years and years, but um yeah, I would I would say there they're doing okay and you know, we just try to periodically talk with them and get a sense of, you know what their state of mind is and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's awesome. They sound very mature that they can already process, Okay, this isn't about me anymore and it's actually going to have a bigger impact too if I love in the community. That's awesome. Kids.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And and you said years were seven and
SPEAKER_L: 9,
SPEAKER_R: 9,
SPEAKER_L: 9 and seven,
SPEAKER_R: So that would be that would be what about 5th grade and third
SPEAKER_L: 4th
SPEAKER_R: grade?
SPEAKER_L: and 4th and 3rd grade, ohh, they get it there also, but obviously very sad. Well they were, they were initially excited about, they call it zoom school. Uh they excited about it because that's, that's what I do and that's what my wife does. She also works from home. So we're in like a lot of zoom meetings was like, oh, explained the same. So, and you know, if they get their own computer to work with all day, so like this is awesome. I don't really let them use screens all that much. So they feel very grown up and like, do I get to do to keep what? But there was a loss of yeah, summer is always the time they love to swim. Don't know, no pool access. Most summers, there's some loss, but almost always so grateful. They love being at home. Like after a week of school and the weekend comes like, can we do not go anywhere you want to stay home and read and play legos? Okay. Well, I know I'm fortunate there too. Like most, a lot, a lot of my friends with other kids like they can't stay in the house like they have two kids have to go outside and I'm like, and I feel like I feel so bad for you. Like this sucks for you guys and I've got very convenient Children like, OK, I can't complain. So
SPEAKER_R: So great. So I think we're I
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: at the time.
SPEAKER_R: we're at the time. Yeah, I don't
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: have you don't know have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: I have. This is my 2nd 1.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, this is my 3rd and the very front, the very first one, I think I dialed into about seven or 8 before somebody actually joined. So and each if you dial in and somebody else doesn't join, I think they pay like a dollar 50 and then and then they just put you in the pool, sign you up for a new time again, so but uh
SPEAKER_L: wow. Best of luck to you. Stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: you too, Jason, nice to meet you and uh
SPEAKER_L: to meet you too.
SPEAKER_R: you have a good good luck and enjoyed the conversation and uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what you see a life in medical field
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: and their Children as they start school. Virtual school. Hopefully,
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully we we beat the soon.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. All right, take
SPEAKER_L: Take
SPEAKER_R: care