Whoa.
I'm well how are you doing?
trying, I've been on so many zoom calls with odd lightings, whatever odd backgrounds, so yeah.
Yeah.
So
uh my name is Jason. Um I guess we'll start there. The
nice to meet you too. Where are you located?
I'm in austin texas right.
Yeah, I think so. I love the bear. Are you like san Francisco, san Francisco or kind of a
restaurant area?
Okay. I was born in san Jose and spent a lot of my summers in the bears. Always have fond memories of that air space. Mhm.
Uh Not as much as I used to, it's been a while since I've been there but I love the weather, love the food. So how long have you lived? How long have you lived there?
Okay, wow, that's cool.
Oh wow. You've covered a lot of terrain. Were you moving for school, work or other opportunities?
Yes. Very fun.
Is where you are your favorite place?
that's true, that makes sense. So you have a lot of family in the area?
Yeah. Mhm significant, significant. That's cool.
uh 20 years. So no I was born in san Jose but then they moved to Hong kong Very shortly after that was two weeks old, three weeks old. So I grew up in Hong kong, then moved to Fort Worth texas and then I came to Austin for school at the university of texas and I never left. I was like Austin is the place for me, I'm gonna stay here and I've been lucky to be able to stay here. I know not everyone has been so fortunate.
Yeah it has. Yeah. I think when I showed up the population was Hovering on the 250,000. Don't quote me exactly and maybe a little bit off there, but now I think we just hit the million mark. Oh my gosh. So.
urban legend is that the uh early city planners always never intended awesome to be big. So they thought they thought possible, oh if we don't build it, people won't come. So there's no infrastructure to handle the size of the population and the commute. So now they're finally starting to like we cannot function on this two lane highways. No, we couldn't do that 20 years ago. That was really pretty bad. So. But progress is being made, a time change, change happens, it's been some some of the good some not so great, but it is what it is. Yeah. Thank
you.
Yeah. Thanks for asking. So I've actually always been I've been working from home for 10 years now. Uh So I've been lucky in that regard. Like that's not from is not new. I already had my office set up by standing. That's the way I like it. So I'm used to, I'm used to the routine. Um but then actually switched companies in february, like right before things started hitting. So I still also feel lucky. It's like, wow. Uh still employed was also work from home and they've been also been very supportive. The challenging thing is, uh I have two Children ages nine and 7, so alright, schools shut down in spring. All right, let's figure this out while I'm trying to work. Mm hmm. Summer Cool. Can't go anywhere. Nothing is open. But I think at the worst case has been, this has been an inconvenience. And if that's the worst case, I'm so fortunate and lucky and blessed like, yeah, I'm still employed. I'm still healthy. Everyone with families healthy when they have to go to, you know, online schools, like I add extra laptops, so okay, we have to set up the space for them. So yeah, been lucky and fortunate.
Start thursday, but I said monday in a few days they start um they saw the first four weeks will be virtually and then depends on the state and what our state education t I can never wrote the A stands for the agency, administration of texas, education something and depends on what they say, like whether they can push it back another four weeks or not. But yeah, how about you? How are you holding up?
Mr
Yeah,
You know?
My
dad.
Yeah, I read that too and I'm like, are you kidding me? Why would you open like that? Yeah, and
I think they've only closed today and tomorrow and they're going to go back and you gotta be kidding me. That's so insane.
Me.
Two
I
Yeah, that's a great, yeah, I love that summary of a statement to try to make some like, what are you doing? That's a statement, That makes sense. Twitter Yeah, now now is not the time to dabble with, let's try this, let's as I know go all edge, shut
it down please. Yeah,
so frustrating, it's even more exacerbated. I just saw this headline that new Zealand has like, this is 100 and first day with no new cases,
I like it. Oh, this is so beautiful if we just focused, but we're still kind of half ass it that here and there and like, okay, we're not going to get anywhere if we keep we open a little bit, no, keep it shut down. We were we were, the curve was going down now is not
the time to open to double down the efforts. Uh
Hi.
Whoa.
Yeah, as wild, I love it sounds like you've been keeping up with the coronavirus news and what's been going on, you seem very well informed
people.
Hey?
Indeed,
Indeed. Yeah, I've been thinking about, okay, like after 9 11 changed the way we fly, Like there are security checks, things you can bring on things you can say. Okay, that really it changed quite a bit there and I'm wondering, okay, well masks here more of a norm, even when there isn't a pandemic carpets can be more uh comfortable during Moscow's hi allergies. He's emerged for whatever reason. Like
I wonder what up?
I got
I got stared down in a train because I was coughing and they were just staring at me like why don't you have a mask? Like it just started. I I just have something, it's a little piece of dust here. I'm not sick, sorry, but social like having like a two dozen people stare at me with that much intensity and at this day and at once before. Uh huh.
So but I mean they're in japan and in Hong kong mm the culture is very communal so you do things for the community whereas being America it's very individual individualistic. Which I think both have their pros and cons. So it makes sense where ones like you do don't be in, you know japan and Hong kong don't be that person that's spreading the disease. Yeah. I don't want to do that here. It's kind of uh freedom. So yeah.
Capital.
sure. Oh, okay. Yeah. How are your Children taking this? Because I mean, I'm trying, I mean as an adult, I can kind of wrap my head around appendix, kind of just still very weird to me from china and like your kids are teenagers, how are you, how do you process what we're going through?
Yeah, that's awesome. They sound very mature that they can already process, Okay, this isn't about me anymore and it's actually going to have a bigger impact too if I love in the community. That's awesome. Kids.
9,
9 and seven,
4th
and 4th and 3rd grade, ohh, they get it there also, but obviously very sad. Well they were, they were initially excited about, they call it zoom school. Uh they excited about it because that's, that's what I do and that's what my wife does. She also works from home. So we're in like a lot of zoom meetings was like, oh, explained the same. So, and you know, if they get their own computer to work with all day, so like this is awesome. I don't really let them use screens all that much. So they feel very grown up and like, do I get to do to keep what? But there was a loss of yeah, summer is always the time they love to swim. Don't know, no pool access. Most summers, there's some loss, but almost always so grateful. They love being at home. Like after a week of school and the weekend comes like, can we do not go anywhere you want to stay home and read and play legos? Okay. Well, I know I'm fortunate there too. Like most, a lot, a lot of my friends with other kids like they can't stay in the house like they have two kids have to go outside and I'm like, and I feel like I feel so bad for you. Like this sucks for you guys and I've got very convenient Children like, OK, I can't complain. So
we're
at the time.
All
I have. This is my 2nd 1.
wow. Best of luck to you. Stay safe.
to meet you too.
Yeah, that's
what you see a life in medical field
and their Children as they start school. Virtual school. Hopefully,
hopefully we we beat the soon.
Take