Hello, can you hear me? All right, great, how are you?
I'm doing well me uh got that light right behind me, let me uh see if I can move that out of the way there.
okay. Yeah. Okay.
Mhm.
So,
I'm escape nice to meet you.
I'm in the san Francisco area. How about you?
It's a nice place,
good
surrounding area.
So you you know it well?
Um Pretty much my whole life um um I mean have have left at some different points but have been here now for 25 years
so yeah but you know I've had the chance of lived in other other parts, lived up in the north west and the East coast and the midwest actually. So.
a little bit of both school on the east coast school in the midwest. Uh was in the midwest for a while with my with my family when I was really young. Um So uh you know, so in that in that regard a lot a lot of different places,
so
I think so it's it's pretty much home and you know the broader family is here and uh so so you know you you tend to kind of a lot of times gravitate to to where your family is.
Um not huge but parents and sister and her family and so.
Right. Right. So so about yourself then, how long have you been in Austin?
Right. Right. Yeah. No, I've had the chance to visit Austin a few times and really really enjoy it and uh have a bunch of co workers that live in Austin and they all speak very highly of it, although I understand it In 20 years, it's probably changed pretty significantly from.
Yeah. And I hear the traffic and the gridlock like like a lot of areas has in the kind of, the sprawl has has really become kind of an issue. Yeah.
Right.
So, so, so kind of during this whole coronavirus then, how are you doing? And have you missed him? And you, have you been able to work from home and?
Yeah. Good. Good. And then, uh when do your kids start school then? And what are they doing? Are they doing a hybrid? Are they doing all virtual at first?
Good. Good. I I likewise, uh I mean, so I work for a large company and um while I've been going into the office, most everything we did, we were working for, you know, working with folks in different geographical locations anyway, so making the switch from, from, you know, not being in the office to hear really wasn't any different than kind of how we were already doing business. Um, and, and legacy, we're pretty used to it. I mean, people used to pretty frequently work from home if you know, they needed to. So,
so in that regard it wasn't that much of a change. And uh, And then, you know, similarly I've got a 16 year old and a 13 year old and uh, you know, so fortunate in that, you know, there are a little bit more independent. They don't necessarily need as much hands on oversight with the distance learning. And so my, My 13 year old starts school tomorrow and then my 16 year old starts on Wednesday. And uh, for them at this point it's all 100% virtual. So we'll, you know, we'll see if that changes. Um, I know from my oldest they had, because they go to different schools they had previously at my oldest, the high school for my oldest, they were working on a model originally where the high schoolers who are going to go back, they were going to be in class one day a week and then do four days of virtual. Um But then kind of in july when our our state numbers started to get a whole lot worse than they shift to a
virtual only model. So we'll, you know, we'll see at some point if they revert back to uh to, you know, to one of the previous models I think, you know, I think, you know, like you say that first four weeks, you know, they're going to be watching and looking at what's happening to the other schools and then trying to figure out, you know, what makes the most sense. Now I've I've seen, I saw the, there's a couple of high schools I think in Georgia that have been getting a lot of media attention and um, I saw him, one of them, you know, they had opened up, didn't, you know, they were being kind of um, they weren't being very stringent on masks and requirements
like that. And I, and I saw where over the weekend they said that six students in three faculty have already tested positive and you know, so that it, that doesn't, that just doesn't,
it
doesn't, it doesn't look good, you know, if they continued operated in that model and even, you know, just even with, with masks, you know, kids are kids and you know, just that ability to, you know, keep distance and all that I think is just going to be very, very challenging.
Oh
Well and the thing about it too is that, you know, especially as,
you know, you know, because they say, well, you know, if the kids, you know, if the kids are the faculty tests, then, you know, then those that they were around will go in quarantine.
But then what it's just, it's so disruptive to the learning experience because, you know, now all of a sudden big group of either the faculty or the kids, you know, they're out there trying to do some sort of distance learning model, it's probably not very effective and, you know, it just seems that if you're, if you're going to do something, you should kind of focus it on one methodology and have good processes in place and, you know, just really
be able to, to, to to make it work. And instead it, you know, looking at some of these experiments, it seems like, you know it seems like it's more of a it's more of a a statement that they're trying to make and when the statement doesn't work out they're not really sure what plan B is.
Who?
and you know the sad thing about it is you know with all the just all of the science that we have out there, all of you know all of the individuals with um just strong pedigrees and medicine, infectious diseases. Um you know you you would hope that there would be more people you know listening and following that guidance and unfortunately I think during this whole thing what you've seen is you know a lot of just a lot of people that just either aren't listening or don't want to listen or are and and that's I don't know that's that's definitely frustrating.
Ready?
And
Yeah and my uh
actually when this all started, my my parents were on a cruise ship that was in New Zealand. And uh and so and and at that point you know it we were seeing more in the states than Australia and New Zealand, there were maybe about a week or so behind, you know, in terms of starting to see their infections rise. But my sister and I we called my parents like you said it was that I think that day remember when you know the president had the big news conference and they were shutting the borders down and I think the NBA had just stopped and tom Hanks had announced that he had and it was like all the stuff was happening at the same time. And so we we called my parents on the cruise and they were, they were, it was a month long cruise. They were about a week into it, maybe a week and a half.
And, and you know, we called them and said, you know, hey, we think it's, it's time you need to, to to come back home, you know, because things are shutting down and you know, you may not be able to get a flight and you know, who knows what's, what's going to happen. And so, you know, at first they were like, oh no, you know, everything's fine on the ship were all, you know, doing great, having a good time. And then, and then uh, the next day I think as they started to see a little bit more of the news, um, and started talking a little bit more with some, and they were part of a group. There was about 30 of them that had all kind of traveled together and at that point they called us back and said, yeah, we're going to leave. And so the ship was in um, Dunedin New Zealand and so they got off and, and a bunch of other folks got off and then they were able to get a flight to Auckland and then flew from Auckland to san Francisco and got back and you know, other than the occasional car trip now, you know, basically have not left their house at all. But there were some others that stayed on the ship, um, you know, that decided they, you know, they were gonna, you know, keep writing it out. And so the, the ship left uneaten it, it was supposed to stop at other ports in New Zealand. But at that point, the government in New Zealand said no, you know, no more cruise ships. You know, we don't want any any risk that, you know, you're bringing the virus in. And then the cruise was supposed to end in Australia. So the cruise ship ended up going over to Sydney and that took about another, I don't know, four or five days. So the people that stayed on ended up getting to Sydney and then basically they took them right off the cruise ship in Sydney, took him to the airport and put them on flights to the U. S. But uh out of the out of the group my parents were traveling with Um there was about 30 and they said that ultimately about three of them tested for the coronavirus. So so but I think I mean it was in retrospect getting them off sooner rather than letting them stay that extra week. And you know, given there were definitely people that had the virus at that point on the ship I think I think definitely worked out for the best.
You know I think it's one of the things you you have to be and I mean it's it's I mean you know in many ways this will you
know this sort of defines you know for for many of us probably you know this was sort of define you know our lives when we look back, you know that period of you know just just because everything changed and I think You know, certainly over the next 5 to 10 years, you know we'll still be dealing with a lot of the ramifications of it. You know, whether it's um economic, you know whether it's you know whether it's just health, I mean you know this is not one of those things that I think once everybody gets the vaccine, it's like, you know, it all goes back to how it was before. I think I think there definitely will be changes just in what
we're used to and so plus plus with all the all the all the quarantine time to, you know, you got to keep yourself busy and you know,
so
Well,
well, you know, as you, as you mentioned, you know, sounds like you've spent a lot of time in in Hong kong and I mean I've spent a lot of time in in japan and I don't know, I would assume it's probably the same in Hong kong that I mean in Japan, it's it's fairly normal to see people with masks on, you know, just happened about and you know, on the, on the trains and you
know.
Right,
now that's uh that
point about being communal, communal, I think is right on, I mean, I would definitely agree with you that that's that's definitely not the way the american society operates. Yeah.
yeah, that's a good question. I've been I've been wondering about that as well and you know, obviously, you know, my kids, you know, they they they keep in touch with, you know, their friends via uh you know, all the various social media, but you know, really really have not seen them um from from my oldest daughter, we let her get together with one of her friends for about an hour a month or so ago, they were outside, they got had some lunch, you know, kept socially distance, but other than that they've, you know, they've had very limited contact with their friends and so it's, uh, you know, and then they were so used to in school of, you know, always being with their friends and, you know, doing doing activities after school or um, you know, whether it was birthday parties or after school type activities. So I mean, I think they're doing okay. I mean, I would say my, my kids, you know, they, um, I think they understand, uh, the magnitude of the situation and you know, my my wife is, she's in the medical community and you know, so they've learned a lot from her and I think they have an appreciation for it. And, you know, I think, you know, she talks with, um, you know, just just with authority to be able to say, you know, you know, this isn't something we can take lightly. And so they've actually, I'm surprised at kind of how well they've adapted and trying to stay. I tried to stay positive. Certainly they were disappointed when the, when the word came down, that school was going to start virtual. But once again, I think they've accepted that it's it's important. And I think one of the things that we've talked about is, You know, I'm I'm, you know, mid 50s and um, you know, while I'm not in that high risk group yet, you know, both, you know, my wife and I, you know, with, we could certainly catch it just as easily as a lot of other people our age have and you know, so if, you know, I think they feel responsible enough that, you know, they wouldn't want to necessarily infect us and have something happened. So I think in that sense, you know, they've they kind of realize the gravity of the situation. They don't like it. You know, I think they they realize there is probably a light at the end of the tunnel and we'll get back to some sort of normal, see this isn't going to necessarily be for years and years, but um yeah, I would I would say there they're doing okay and you know, we just try to periodically talk with them and get a sense of, you know what their state of mind is and
Yeah. And and you said years were seven and
9,
So that would be that would be what about 5th grade and third
grade?
So great. So I think we're I
think
we're at the time. Yeah, I don't
have you don't know have you done one of these before?
Okay, this is my 3rd and the very front, the very first one, I think I dialed into about seven or 8 before somebody actually joined. So and each if you dial in and somebody else doesn't join, I think they pay like a dollar 50 and then and then they just put you in the pool, sign you up for a new time again, so but uh
you too, Jason, nice to meet you and uh
you have a good good luck and enjoyed the conversation and uh
and
what
You too.
Exactly. All right, take
care