Yeah. Mhm. But yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Oh,
hey, how's it going?
Yeah, mm hmm. I'm just going to shut down my other computer quick. Mhm. So is this your first time girl bullies?
Yeah, they're all right. Really?
Yeah. Yeah, the first time I was kind of nervous, I mean I still not, I don't know, I'm not going to approach strangers so I guess it's still a little awkward, but
I
mean
good.
Yeah. Yeah. It's been interesting
each
time
though. I think I've done it three or four times.
Yes, indeed.
I don't know what you do for hobbies,
what do you enjoy doing their free time? Uh
Thanks.
Again, I spent a lot of time with the family, but I if I had
more free time, I would probably gain, but work and family stuff usually takes
up most of my
time. Oh,
I play pretty much everything. I have been trying to burn through the Resident Evil Games because I love horror stuff
october
is like my favorite month. Yeah, so I watch you what I've been doing the last couple of years. I watch a horror movie every day in october or I try to I mean, I can't really pay much attention all the time because I got other stuff going on, but but I'll pop it on.
Uh but I like sports
games,
I like survival horror games,
I like action games, I'm not much in the shooting, I'll play shooting games with buddies, but I'm really not very good.
Yeah, I like playing multiplayer
more definitely. I don't I play mostly single player just because there's always stuff going on and trying to get people's schedules to line up.
there's a lot trickier now than it was, but I definitely do prefer multi player much more. Yeah.
Yeah. What kind of multi player games you play? Wow.
Never never played any of them. Uh huh. But uh some of my
buddies play some some stuff like that, A lot of my buddies are more into games. I think they've got little bit more time than I do so. And I'm not very skilled. I mean, I played games my whole life and I still suck pretty bad.
So you said you're going to school? Mm hmm.
Nice. What's your, what's your end goal for? I
mean, do you
have any nice?
I work in a quality apartment in a foam factory, makes like headliners for like tractors and fenders. Uh huh It's kinda hard to explain. Some of the other stuff will make it just big sheets of foam and the best way I can describe it is just a giant cookie cutter and cut shapes out. And then people stall them in there, tractors, john Deere bobcat players, stuff like that. I've been there for
It's, I don't mind it. I think I've just kind of burnt out. I just hit my 10 year mark there. So I mean, but I live in a small town. So the options aren't very, there's not many options out there. So
it's
not
a bad place. But
yeah, I've applied other places. I'll probably, what I do is
kind of unique in the quality department. So if I go anywhere, I'll probably just be another factory working inequality apartment. Because some of the equipment that I use is I think that skill is I think it will give
me more
money if I find a job where I would work with that
similar equipment.
Yeah. So it's it's a c mm. I don't know if you know what that is. It's a coordinate measuring machine. And i it pulls in like, models. So we'll get models of whatever we're supposed to be making say it. And when I say headliner for a tractor, they're not much different than car ones. So, I mean, if you look at the headline in the cards, the form is a little different. So we'll have to measure from point to point. You know, there will be like whole cutouts for like where the mirror is going to be and then whole cutouts where they'll be speakers. So you you can't just put a tape measure on it, measure it. So you kind of got to pull the model and measure it three D. Uh I guess that's probably the, the easiest way to explain it. It's kind of it's kind of complex. But I mean, if you understand the basics and
Yeah, but it's not too bad. It's since I like playing games I compared to it's almost like playing a game, the thing, it's called a fire alarm. It is looks just like an arm and I mean it's really cool seeing up on the screen uh you know, I could see the point as I'm grabbing them and it's pretty interesting. So I like working with technology stuff so I really enjoy that aspect of my job. Ah That's only a small portion of it,
but that's that support. Should I enjoy the most
home? Yeah. Mhm. So
you live in the US? Yeah.
So like down there hot I suppose you live
there hope live there your whole life. Yeah.
So do you run into any, I live down in texas for like a year and ran into some scorpions a couple times. Never. Any rattlesnakes. You see any crazy critters down there like
that
coming?
so
have
you wrecked?
rattlesnakes?
Oh yeah, I don't care for snakes and I don't mind scorpions, but the first one I saw in texas
and I'm like foot. So from that point on I was I'm not too eager to see him. So what kind of stuff you do down there in Arizona? Oh,
what's a lower, what's the average low temperature for your winter?
I live in Wisconsin. So yeah, I
don't mind the winters. I mean it's I kind of like it because You get a little bit of everything during the summer. I mean we don't get the extreme heats but we'll get up, you know, 90s. Uh so you get that summer and in winter time I like playing in the snow. I don't have any snowmobiles or anything, but I like going out and slide and just running around in the snow is all right so I like it here. Some
people
not care for this cold but it actually snowed today for the first time. Yeah.
Yeah it's coming down pretty thick too. We went to the store to pick up new Mario kart game and it was snowing pretty heavy when we left and it was bright and sunny. No snow on our way back. It was
interesting.
Yeah. Yeah the last couple years have been pretty wild. We'll have a day where it's 60° or so and then a few days later have a just wicked snow store.
But
yeah it definitely is. I work so I worked really close to its a four minute drive away it's like a mile away and
I don't really care. That's the one thing I don't like about winter. I do not like winter driving when it gets, I see slush on the roads, it is no fun. So the fact that I worked so close, I mean it's really nice. It's, I live right in town, so it's Speed limits 25 the whole way there. I don't have to worry about, you know, anybody tailing me. It happens a lot winter. People like to speed around here and accidents a lot winter. So what I'm going places and I'm on highways and whatnot. I used to go around the speed limit maybe a little lower if you know the roads are slick and people do not appreciate that at all. But aside from that, it's all right. You watch any sports or anything? You have any sports.
I mostly watch packers. I like all football, but most of the packers and I follow the badgers. That's Wisconsin football team a little bit and then the brewers is their baseball team and the boxes their basketball team. I watch them just a little bit. But I'm also just like football in the packers. I just followed some of the other sports because when the football season is over it's kind of like a lull every year. Like what am I gonna do now now? My sunday
I have three. I
don't have
to
look
forward
to. Yeah, so I started following other sports a little bit. I just haven't been able to get into them as much.
Yeah And they've got too
many games anyways. Football has 16 games. Baseball is like 162 and Basketball. I think it's like 86 or something. I don't know.
Yeah, I can free up enough time to watch 16 football games but I don't have time to watch 162 baseball games
and baseball. I try to follow it. But I mean, realistically it's pretty boring. It's a lot of standing around the pictures take 10:15 between pitches and yeah, it's not as exciting. I like football extreme and I end up getting getting very much into it.
Yeah, definitely. I thought about start watching racing. A buddy of mine recommended he said he watches like F one racing or something. But I don't I'm not a car guy at all. I hate cars. All they do is I would just give me problems. But maybe I'd watch race. I don't know. My dad and brother are big in the cars. I don't really talk to that much vehicles
and
never
been
my
thing.
What's that?
Not
Yeah. It's I have a very hard family dynamic. I had a pretty big family. I love my siblings and whatnot. But we're we don't really talk a whole lot. I mean we get together
on holidays and stuff but sometimes, but that's about it.
Mhm. So what other countries they live in? Just a variety
of
them are
Have you been to Canada Mexico then?
Yeah. See I we've got two kids now, so I and I've traveled a ton, but I mean I've flown a few places around the country and now with kids, it's not really in the cards, it's not too much to fly one person but you know, poor people. I don't I haven't flown anywhere. So we were gonna go visit my buddy in texas this year but mm uh I can't really go anywhere. So what kind of a
botched
here?
I do. We get a lot of vacation
at work and I didn't get to do a lot of stuff as a kid because we had a big family. So I mean we there was five of us kids. My dad was in and out of jail and whatnot. My mom worked so we didn't do a whole lot. So I try to do a bunch of stuff with kids. Uh So we'll go to Green Bay where the packers are from and they've got a five K. There, that's really fun and there's a little amusement park. Uh And then every year we go to Wisconsin Dells and they've got a bunch of fun stuff there and the kids just have a blast. And we actually had a trip planned this year because I book it in advance but it was I want to say april or something so I had to cancel it like maybe a month before or something like that.
Yeah I know I have. It's been a tradition I've done every year for the last I think this would have been the seventh year and no trip. Yeah,
and it's a bummer but it's been kind of nice. I missed a lot of work because Plant was closed down for a little bit so I got to spend a lot of time at home with the kids. So it's been all right. I'm starting to get a little stir crazy though.
Yeah, I've tried to look at the silver lining. I mean this year's been bad
across the board for a lot of people but I mean I've still got my health, I've got my family so Uh huh. I've tried to be grateful for the good things I have instead of sulking because I can't go on vacation this year. I mean suck it is what it is.
I know we're planning on flying or not flying, driving down to florida to have a trip with a bunch of friends. We're planning on doing
that I think in March and I hope that we can but I don't know I just don't know if anything anymore.
just hanging out it's a bunch of people. My body a close friend that I met at work I've been friends with for 12, 13 years.
He has a friend that he actually met on a gaming site when they were like teenagers. And uh they've got a
whole group of friends that we hang out. I don't know if you know what discord is but
we go on there quite a bit and chat like this month. Well for the last couple of months we've been having movie night on thursday, we'll just watch the movie through his discord this month we've been doing horror movies and then afterwards we all just web chat, video chat for a little bit. So with uh it's all just get together because none of us have actually met my buddy who's known this uh the main guy, He's known him for probably like 15, 20 years, but they've never actually met because he's from Florida, my buddies from Wisconsin, so so we thought well let's all get together and they looked up from Airbnb s and they're not too bad price. So I mean
Yeah it's kind of expensive overall, I mean it'd be like two grand but you're splitting it with 10 people so you're paying a couple $100 for a week and a really nice place in Florida. So I suppose we probably just game and hang out okay just get out. Like I said I'm getting started crazy. So I was like all right, let's plan to meet up you guys.
Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, I live in a rural town, so there's not, I mean there's not really much to do. We have we have a walmart in a grocery store and couple fast food places, so there's not much
to do.
No. Yeah. Do you travel much? Uh
So do you go to an actual college? I mean, I'm assuming you're doing it from home now, but before. Oh,
of course. Was it a physical college or
I suppose there's a lot more flexibility with online courses.
So you didn't you didn't go to a physical high school?
That's interesting. Yes. So you
just
you just did it all from your computer. I mean, did you have like instructors, instructors like? So?
Well,
right. That if you get through that, I suppose you're probably pretty self sufficient.
I went to last if there's no way I could have done that. I wasn't the best kid in high school to begin with, but I wouldn't have been able to be responsible enough to go through it if I didn't, you know, if I wasn't in a school and even
saw
him finished high school?
it was.
So did the rest of your, your siblings go through online high school too? Yeah.
Also it wasn't just high school, it was all the way,
but
at the same time.
So I've always wondered because I went to public school forever. Like how do you, I assume you have friends? What's
it like?
Medium people?
Well,
Yeah. Online is probably better anyways. The people that I was talking about that I want to go meet from florida are probably better than most people I've met in real life, so.
You probably saved a lot of bumps and bruises that way. Yes.
Yeah, that's probably good. I had a lot of friends in high school and middle school and most of them I don't I think I talked to two kids I went to school with still, I mean the rest of them kind of went their own ways, so yeah, there's a lot of drama as a teenager going to high school. Yes.
Mhm. That's really interest, you know? So you've I assume you got to have a best friend or best friends? Where did you meet
them particular ones are the ones you met in real life for people you met online
or?
Yeah.
And
one
Well,
What
both.
So have you met any of the people online? Have you met him in person and Uh
people
can.
Yeah. It is kind of a bummer that's for sure. I wish this would get over so badly. But I here I don't think it's going to it. I have no clue. I'm not a scientist. Haven't any research. I just. Right.
Right. I know that's just it and I mean everybody's got their opinion and I have none. I just have hope. Well
I mean I just
because I don't know, I mean I've heard people saying, well I heard this or I read this that you know by the end of the year or you know it'll be X amount of
years but it's like well unless you can read anything, internet could tell you anything doesn't mean it's true. So I just.
I know and it's such a bummer because
you just don't know. I just do what I'm told wear my mask, wash my hands and hope for the best. Yeah.
Yeah. Pretty much. Sounds like you already. We're kind of used to being at home though so.
So how long did you go to the physical college then? Was last year your first year?
How many more? How much time you got left before you're done?
The two
years
2.5 years left or total? Nice. Well that sounds decent. Oh okay. So which way would you rather have it if things go back to normal? Would you prefer it as it is now or did you prefer it? Going to the campus?
What?
Yeah.
It sucks. Okay.
All right. I think our time is up. Right. 25 minutes.
All right. Sounds good. Good luck with your schooling. All right
later.