Hello.
Uh Going all right how's it going with you?
Yeah have you done it before?
Yeah I mean I'm just talking to a stranger.
me too.
It's
especially when it's just a conversation with the blue like this you don't know how to start it you don't know what you
have in common.
listen
to
it
their work yeah commit some interesting people. Yeah
it is yeah
we probably
I
gained a little bit I like to so as well. What about you?
fine
confusing.
Of
I have a lot of schoolwork right now so I haven't been doing much annoy of hobbies. What sorts of games do you play?
No
that's cool.
Mother
I like
work.
Work.
I'm not very good at them either but most of the games that I play a multiplayer I can't get into single player one's quite as much it's just not as engaging for me.
I would
for sure.
like if it was easier to get people there, but the trouble is not always worth it.
Play a couple of shooters. I tried to get into Overwatch a little bit but then I played more paladins and I dabbled in league and Dota a little bit. Yeah.
because
Yeah, I'm not good either. I try but
I'm in college um I'm a business student trying to get my degree in marketing,
I'm
not
What do you do,
do you like it?
Kind
of
limited.
Are you thinking about switching to something else or is it just not realistic
where?
I think
I'm
Work
yeah. Pretty specialist
Yeah, I think I understand the gist of it,
Work,
that's
Yeah.
I live in Arizona.
Very,
pretty much.
No,
so
I live in a pretty urban area, so not like directly in my area, but when um I go elsewhere, yeah,
I've
seen
a couple of snakes and scorpions,
um I'm not sure it was kind of a while ago, but
personal,
Um I mean, not much, it's just warm and sunny all the time, even in the wintertime and it doesn't get very cold, so
um I don't know, like They made 50 or 60. Mhm.
Yeah,
this
is
wow.
That's
crazy to me.
Yeah, here it's pretty variable
off there.
That's
Uh Not really, no. Unfortunately. What are you into?
yeah, it's
kind
of an
empty
slot
there.
Yeah, it's more just to fill the gap not to actually
Wrexham.
yeah, that's a pretty big difference.
Yeah, I can't really follow that.
Yeah, like more fast paced things.
you
want
to
talk
to
him or or
you want to talk to them or or is it
just sort of understandable?
I mean
Yeah, family dynamics, me really weird. I have um relatively small immediate family, there's like five of us in total and then all of my more distant relatives live in like another country, so you never see any of them.
I
was
living like Canada and I think some are in Mexico, it's mostly Canada. Yeah,
um when I was younger, we would visit them every so often, but it's pretty expensive so I couldn't really do that super frequently.
Do
you miss
traveling? Yeah. It is,
you know,
So close.
huh.
a lot of negatives with all some positives
you,
Yeah. Hopefully next year.
What?
it's pretty hard to tell at this point. What were you planning on doing down there
here?
Great.
They do.
That is pretty cool.
please let me out.
not
lot of options.
Um A little bit, but not a lot, especially since I'm in college now, so kind of a tight schedule except during summer. Um My family also goes somewhere like yearly. We go to California, there's a beach down there that we like to go to but we had to cancel head to so kind of disappointing but
Oh yeah,
it was a physical college, I took as many courses as I could online because I just prefer online courses, but it was it was a physical college.
Yeah, and I'm used to it because throughout high school I went to an online school, so I it's actually kind of foreign to me to be going to campus and whatnot.
no.
it
was,
there were teachers,
you would like contact them by phone or email but because the most part I just kind of took the materials and taught myself. Yeah it was had its good parts and bad parts kind of would have been nicer to have more support instead of just trying to teach myself everything, but it is good to know how to do that so.
No
It
is
it is um a lot easier at a physical high school in some ways but the fact that I had I think I had less work than a lot of high school students do because there's no homework so it's
just none of that and if I can learn it quicker I can just I can complete it quicker because I don't have to attend classes or anything so I was done as soon as I could learn it and completely assignments in some ways it was easier but yeah
there's um I've got two siblings, my brother is in college, my little sister's still um undergraduate but all of us were homeschooled, so just author who wrote
high school was online before that we used a curriculum that wasn't fully online would get like books trip to us basically and we send, we would receive tests and we complete them and then we'd send them in the mail to get them
created.
So it was not technically online, but it was still a pretty similar environment. Really.
it
takes.
Um, so basically you have to do extracurriculars because of course you're not gonna be meeting people through school. There are a few because, um, especially in high school, um, the online school would organize like meetups and stuff so you could go there and meet people. It wasn't super frequent though, so it wasn't super reliable. I definitely made a lot more online friends compared to, um, offline friends, but there were people in my neighborhood nearby.
I live in an apartment complex, so there's like a number of people in the area around my age. So that's how I made a lot of my friends and then just joining clubs, I guess. I didn't join a lot, but I was in a board game club once it was an art club, So you meet people through other ways.
Yeah, that's the nice thing about online friends in some ways you can be a lot more choosy because there's so many people so you can actually meet people that you connect with and not just be friends with you, because when you buy. Yeah.
I think I was in some ways sheltered from a lot of that.
Mhm. Yeah, and I'm I'm pretty glad that I missed out on that because Yeah.
What?
No.
So a bit
of both. I have a friend that lives nearby who I met in real life, we actually ended up attending the same online school,
but I didn't know her in real life beforehand. Um
But then a lot of my other really close friends did end up being online, like the majority of them I did have another really
close friend in person, but she moved away quite a while ago so we
stay in touch, but that's also
online at this point.
Not yet, they're all pretty far away, I've thought about it, but yeah, and then we're things how they are right now. I
can't
really do that. Yeah.
I mean it'll be over eventually but I don't really know if it will be in the next year or so, I mean you never know but
hopefully
it'll be over.
for
Yeah, and they're all estimations and a lot of them are coming from places that like want them to turn out a certain way so that's why they saying that so no clue.
It is.
Yeah that's really all we can do at this point. It's just try and adjust to what things are like now and wait it out.
it was actually kind of strange because I was going to college and I was going to a physical campus for the first time and doing all that and then suddenly it reverts back to what it was before, it was kind of jarring in a number of ways.
It was I went for like a year and then uh a couple more months and then I had to move online so
and okay Um
little
bit under three years I think, I mean like 2.5
See I'd probably split it a little bit because I already wanted to take more online courses but some courses are just better
um in person and that's actually hope that now that so many things are being forced online it actually helps make those courses better because right
now they're not great. A lot of them it's like they take online courses and then just instead of actually giving you all of the materials and support that you need they just kind of use it as an excuse to not give you as much.
Right.
Uh Yeah I think so.
take