SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Weird. Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, it's mhm half and half now. Bring to a boil. Shred your chicken at two tablespoons of flour to a quarter cup of water and mix it added to your pan, add your chicken finger about a tablespoon of the dumplings, Bring this to a simmer and cook uncovered for 10 minutes apiece. Cover and cook for another 10 minutes. Place your dumplings with parsley and there you have it. It's very we gotta go, go give your aunt a hug. I don't want to, She's mean to me. Well she'll think you don't like her and then I'll never hear the end of it. I don't like her and I don't feel comfortable hugging her. Come on. Just do this for me. Just don't pressure me. I'll say goodbye and I'm not going to hug her. You're being so dramatic. I could never say no to something like that to my parents. I know you couldn't and it's okay to not do things that make you feel uncomfortable even if it upsets the other person. Okay, fine. Just say goodbye hey. Yeah bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. I'm not a coward. I don't say now I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. Go move. Yeah bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. I'm not, I don't say now I'm I wanna. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh happy. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Oh mm hmm. Oop. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're here about.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. I'm talking. Just sending an email. one sec. um
SPEAKER_R: What's it
SPEAKER_L: Our permit. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: So I think we're gonna come. I just had a tab open in the corner and I was like, I'm still trying to get my $2.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I am I completely lost track of time. This is why I used my calendar so much and I'm working on like a bunch of recipes right now, so it's in the kitchen cooking, thinking about, this is
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: gonna taste so good, I can't wait to have it. And then my alarm went off and I'm like, shit,
SPEAKER_L: I was like, I want to say, you know, you never know. But do you cook a lot? That's like you're saying?
SPEAKER_R: So it is, I've been doing keto since March and um, being stuck at home working at home. I have a lot of time on my hands. Um, and I did, I started instagram account. Um, and somebody I follow spice ology I guess is like a mix that chefs use or something like that. Uh, they were doing a contest, so it's for the National kidney Foundation, so it's cooking without salt, which is really difficult because I love thought. Um, but I've, I've created like four or five recipes, so I'm really enjoying it and I love to eat food. I mean look at me, I'm a big girl, I love to eat food and I'm picky, it has to be good food. I can't just eat just anything.
SPEAKER_L: Has the key to open like working, you know? Have you been like, because I know for the duke it on. They just save so much way.
SPEAKER_R: So I have not lost any weight. Um But I can't get my macros right, and I'm a Type two diabetic, so I'm not into ketosis, which is the problem. However, um I have hashimoto's which do you know what that is? It's a thyroid.
SPEAKER_L: I know for the thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. So um it's helping the inflammation come down on my body. My blood sugars are coming down, my blood pressure is coming down like I see it in my numbers and I feel better. And to me that's what's important and I get to eat steak. I'm sorry if you go on a diet and they're not allowed to have steak, I don't know if that's sustainable in my opinion.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I thought, I think you know, for a little bit at pcos so
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you know about that, but that gives you the the insulin that's not doing what it's supposed to do. So when I was working with a dietician back in the day, she recommended keto and I tried it but then I didn't lose any weight and I was just like, I don't know with me like I know you're still doing it but like now it's like
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: putting in the work and asking the results is just like so discouraging.
SPEAKER_R: it is. It is. And that's why when I went to the doctor's office, I was just praying that I saw something in the blood work and I saw the results in the blood work and not to scale and I'm okay with that because I'm taking less of three different types of medication right now that I was in March. So that's enough for me at the moment. Um
SPEAKER_L: Rigby something to hold on to like, give me something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: How do
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: really miss the whole beginning? How I am 23.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, um I'm, how old am I? 39, sorry?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it's like I'm in a relationship, I'm gonna like a seriously chip Hopefully be engaged soon. I mean you never know, but I think about it because I know I want to start having like Children soon. But you know, in my head when I was young, I was like, I'll be married by 21, you know the things you tell yourself when you're little and then it just didn't worry. So um I just like want to get my way down because I know that when I do get after I get married and have kids, which is like maybe the next year or two. I want, I don't want to not struggle with pcos how I do now, but it's just been super. I've done like everything. Like I was even, I don't know if you were to urban life, the MLM And I don't really like, like M11 since, you know, it's like and stuff, but I was just like, you know what I'm gonna do, it didn't
SPEAKER_R: Aaron.
SPEAKER_L: work. Oh my God, this doesn't kind of work, but you do feel better and it helps your routine.
SPEAKER_R: There are a lot of successes with pregnancy and peace us with keto. And I think it's about doing more restrict keto rather than a dirty keto because inflammation and a lot of people like I follow it. Like I have like 1000 accounts that I follow and so many of them are dirty and they still ingest dietary fibers and flowers and those are inflammatory.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So I follow Nisha, I think your last name's Barry. Misha Berry. And her husband dr ken mary And she has pcos and she has a child who's held as a paired one or something and they're entertaining there at the Tennessee. And he's uh an M. D. And I follow them and they're pretty cool. So I went to our attended one of their summits virtually last month I think it was and there was a whole section on pcos and tons of women that just had tons of questions and so it has its benefits so. But you have to get over the bread thing.
SPEAKER_L: The bread thing, Yeah, I feel like I got the food scale because I just started and I always get excited or something. So I did the food scale to the shopping and I probably like, I was using my fitness cow to like try to track that. I definitely feel like I wasn't, it would be at some point where it would be like this is just cheese so I'm gonna just eat some cheese and I would really like put that in or I wasn't as strict as I probably should have been like looking back.
SPEAKER_R: So and that's probably why I haven't lost any weight, because I don't really do the macros uh Too much counting for me. I downloaded the app, I used it one day, I'm like, fuck, this is too much. Excuse me. Does that bother me? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: No, we're good.
SPEAKER_R: well, it's just too much. So I follow just as few carbs as possible. I eat like two or three vegetables. I'd limit myself to that. And I'm mostly carnivore into carnivore right now because of that. And that's actually what misha did. She did carnivore to get through her pcos. She did it through her pregnancy as well. And that's mostly mostly meat and cheese. And when you're doing that you don't have to count. So I'm like, hello, Or if my body craves a salad and who really craves the salad. But you know, like every three or four weeks, something like I want a salad, I'll have a salad and other than that it's mostly meat, eggs, some dairy, occasionally some almond flour. Um When's the last time you tried it?
SPEAKER_L: Um I wonder for like six months to a year ago.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So it's not too far too long ago, but I'm, I'm super impressed with how people have become creative with the recipes to, it's really interesting what they've done. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my little brother did it and my little brother, my whole, like me and my little brother were like bigger people, but he did it and he was in that strict but you know, I feel like men, they always just was
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: way faster
SPEAKER_R: norman?
SPEAKER_L: and he was making like almond flour pizza or you know what they be doing And I was like, I was so happy for him that it works. But then you know what got him with the drinking because he was like, I turned 21 and then the beers and I was like we just shot okay because you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: could just but
SPEAKER_R: Move to walker. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: the deer got him. He was just like and then he fell off it but he didn't really keeping a lot of the way he did his off. So I mean I probably will try it again. It's also hard. Like another thing that's been hard in my relationship is that I cook for like me and my boyfriend and I was trying to like I wasn't trying to keep it but I was trying to just wash my carbs and like I'll make him like a suit, I'll make him like something that it's just like so hard to like make it not eat it and I could make him eat like that. But at the time I was like let's just get through the groceries we have and then I'll have him beat him and then I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: don't know. But I just watched him eat and I'd be like, damn, I was up.
SPEAKER_R: I try to make something that there's like 11 difference between tom and I because we're in the same situation, he's my boyfriend, we've been together for eight years, not married. I used to think I wanted to get married now. I'm like, if I get married then my student loan payments just going to go up because it's gonna be based on two incomes. Like that's what I tell myself now. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, I don't want
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: to, wow, I just
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: graduated
SPEAKER_R: that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: or that you think
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: about,
SPEAKER_R: live, we lived together and were solid,
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: fantastic. Um But anyway, so like for instance, if I stewed beef all day long, I'll do it in, I'll make my own broth and then you stew beef all day long. So when
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's done, I add a little corn starch to his portion to make a gravy and I'll just put some type of vegetable in it. Typically I use bok choy because I like bok choy just put a vegetable in it. Um and then you've got your keto soup if you will or if you wanted a gravy, you could use example um gum. So it's just one step that's different. Um very southern and we're used to, you know, meet veggie potato and if I look like that, I just don't eat the potato. I mean it takes some willpower, but fortunately he eats very few things so he likes his dollar mashed potatoes, which I used to like, but I don't like anymore, so I don't
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: I did I take a bite, but he doesn't put butter in his, so I'm like this is disgusting, I don't need to eat it. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I am state are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: What state are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, Carolina. You
SPEAKER_L: That's where I'm from Jersey. But I live in pennsylvania. Well, it was right now because you know, it might be from over here for this little thing I'm doing, but yeah, So what's it like over there, Southern, I've never really been anywhere but like
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Miami
SPEAKER_R: do you think?
SPEAKER_L: for like spring break like years ago. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um There's a, I mean we're a hot spot for northern to move down here, so it's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: a nice blend. Um You've got your super country folk, you've got your redneck people mixed in. Um you've got your transplants. I was actually born in Maryland and half of half of us because I'm one of five kids, half of us were born in Maryland, half of us were born in charlotte. I claim Maryland but I moved here when I was three, so my mother was northern and my father is from charlotte. So we've, we've got this like weird cultural lend between southern and Maryland. Um you know, I mean it's okay, there's bugs, there's a lot of copperheads in the summer, um winter denial, so that's a benefit.
SPEAKER_L: Um, my family actually talked about moving to either north Carolina, south Carolina to retire. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: copperhead
SPEAKER_R: it's very
SPEAKER_L: is a snake. A copperhead is a snake. I thought it was a type of bug.
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no, no, it's a it's a very common snake down here and they just kind of pop up in your yard. Um when I when I, I owned a house for like five years and my father would come over, bless his soul and mow the grass because I was that person that's like, I want a house in a yard, but I don't want the grass come over and do it. And he'd say, you know, I killed two copperheads today and please don't tell me that, like, just just don't tell me that. So now I'm in a condo and on the second floor not on what I don't have to deal with that anymore so
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. I, we have like garden snakes. I don't even know what they look like because I've never seen them, but I know people talk about them, but I've never like, my family never owned a home movies, like rented an
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: apartment
SPEAKER_R: need.
SPEAKER_L: and have to deal with any of that. But in my heart, like I would say I want to move to a farm or like just have like land, I have this thing where it's like I want to be naked and have the windows open and nobody see me, but I don't know if I could actually do it. I don't know if I've always grown up in the city, so I don't know what it's like out there. Well not you live in a condo so you're fine. But like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: this apartment
SPEAKER_R: you would you could start out by renting a place and trying
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it out just doing it for a month or something or take an extended vacation. I don't know if you're able to do that and work from home. I know I can't normally but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean, I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: do it girl, you just got to jump in and do it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in this point, I just graduated college in the maze in May. So I'm at this point in my life, I'm just like, I have to like put roots down or start to like figure out because I'm working online right now, but it's just like a part time thing because it was hard for me to like find something full time with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a weird time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm just like, I can literally go anywhere. I always tell them like, I'm just like, there's nothing holding you back right now and have kids have boyfriend believe either comes with me and he doesn't, you know, I'm not gonna
SPEAKER_R: Then
SPEAKER_L: and I just don't know where I'm going. I don't know what I want to do. I don't know like some of these like little but L. A. In California and then I'm like, but that's not where I want to have like a family. I don't know, it's all these things, all these decisions
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah but I think you just have to live your life and make and make the decision and do it. If you move out to L. A. And you don't like it then it's like fuck it, you move somewhere else and you can do that with Children. I mean you can you can't
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a good
SPEAKER_R: I do not have any Children. No, I have 13 nieces and nephews. I thought I wanted kids. And then time got away. Just just got away because Tom and I like I was raised poor And the youngest of five kids. Um and when I met Tom my mother had passed and I was just in a weird situation and um I worked a lot and My 20, she's got away from me and
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: then we started dating and having fun and then we traveled a lot. Like I didn't get to travel as a kid because we were poor. So
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: I mean we've been to Ireland we've been to Putin Tana twice. Um You know just just overnight trips, vacation trips, we talk about a dog and I'm like man, we here and get a dog because well just up, we're two minutes, I'm sorry, two hours from the mountains and three hours from the beach. That's, that's a good thing for like living in central north Carolina is, you're very close to both. The Blue Ridge parkway is amazing. But you know, it's like even with a dog, I can't, I can't do that stuff. So let alone having a kid and then, you know, eight years later, it's like, oh, uh huh. I guess I could adopt if I don't want to be pregnant at 40.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I told one of those things that I think your life is going to be somewhere, but then it's just like it falls where it falls so you can't plan too much.
SPEAKER_R: One of them say life is what happens while you're making plans or right
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: there's also the internet religious, there's like a lot of different religious ones, but it's like random but I don't even know what's going on with that with me either. I'm just like I grew up catholic, I'm Latina. So Latinos are notoriously super catholic and I'm not super catholic but I feel like I only like the virgin mary and then I can like not have the rest. Not okay because it's definitely focused, but I could do without everything else. It's just too much stuff going on in the church that Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's weird and scary. And you, I don't know, it's bad.
SPEAKER_L: And it also gets super culti super fast. That's one thing I've noticed about religion, like I went to a cult ones by accident, so I was at, well my best friend, which actually opened my best friends a little bit about your head, like if anyone would get me into the quote meeting over here, but someone's after a wall murder or whatever and we were going to the space over two years ago where we wanted to like find God or something, I don't know. And so they invited us to this bible study and we went and it wasn't super weird and then we're like, okay. And then they started coming out with this like imagine if you were in it, they're super big, but they're probably the world something organization and they believe that there was a second jesus and he was japanese or korean or something and
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: he was
SPEAKER_R: specific,
SPEAKER_L: awesome tongue and they
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: pray to him and then one day like you guys are where we noticed that it was a cult because people were like being super weird so we went
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: to like the mask just to like see and these, you know and white people, I just started praying, singing these korean songs to this korean god and I was just like, I can't,
SPEAKER_R: I want to know what they meant.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they might know what it meant but they were so like just the way they talked about it with such devotion, like they really believed it and it's like they're big mission trip is like going to Korea and like the guy actually died, they think that God had a wife and the guy who died wife is the reincarnation of God's wife. They call her like heavenly mother. I don't know it was a lot. But
SPEAKER_R: What comes up with that?
SPEAKER_L: I mean these korean people, they got so many people in the videos like this brand um little church group that is in like the second floor of like it's like convenience stores on the bottom and then like a church on the front. I should have really known it was that it was a call from the beginning.
SPEAKER_R: I knew
SPEAKER_L: But if you
SPEAKER_R: enough
SPEAKER_L: want to hold
SPEAKER_R: eventually
SPEAKER_L: on word
SPEAKER_R: got out like
SPEAKER_L: it was like 45 people and that went intended that surface and they had another church because I thought I'm like super white passing. So like if you told us you had a white girl we would have told you to go to the other church because I guess it's like more white people and their churches like like an actual church and it's a lot nicer. I don't even know what's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: was my
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: friends
SPEAKER_L: But it
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: they in a sense segregate the racist
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: class and uh
SPEAKER_L: you were like, yeah. So you can be closer to other I guess. I wouldn't feel uncomfortable around all the Latinos that went to that church.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: either way, that was my cool experience
SPEAKER_R: best?
SPEAKER_L: and I'm never going to forget it. I just couldn't believe it. Like how they convinced all these people to donate 20% of their check Every Sunday or what, you know, this was basically like need to donate 20%. That's a random people in Korea. They never
SPEAKER_R: Service
SPEAKER_L: met.
SPEAKER_R: people, I think they're just looking for something to believe in. Gullibility is crazy, just like the amount of people that fall for scams and spams. I'm doing instagram contest and I swear every time I enter a contest I get a separate message from somebody that's trying to be that person but is not and it's like here here and I'll get you the prize and I'm like who falls for this shit? Who falls for that?
SPEAKER_L: And it's weird when you actually see the people who do,
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm not
SPEAKER_L: it's like, I don't know, I don't I don't know how people don't feel bad. Like I know like there's like how you did like that competition, there was this Youtuber who did a competition or something or they were doing something and somebody changed like one name in the U. R. L. And then contacted the people and was like oh like send your your address or whatever to this. And I don't know. It's just like who has the time?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my father, you know, I used to wonder even more who falls for the shit, but my father, a couple of years fell hook line and sinker and my sister is smarter than that. And I go down to visit them one day and dad's phone is just texting blowing up and dad is 70 now, so he was probably 65, And Tina's like, oh he's got him a girlfriend, another that does some questioning it and he's like, well she's overseas right now, she's, I forgot what country she was in. Um she's gonna go on for a month and I'm like, and he is very agitated and frustrated with technology and texts. And I'm like, so why don't you just call her? Well she can't talk, she's in another country. And I'm like, dad, that's fishy. Super fishy. And we just went through a couple of things I swear I really remember anymore, I've kind of blocked it out. It turns out it was like almost like a cat fisher. And I'm like dad you have to understand that this is happening, but I blame my sister for aiding and abetting in a sense, like she should have fucking known better. I'm like go and check out this These this show. What was the name of that show Dr. did a whole hour on this lady that lost $1 million Okay you're officially old, you are officially old because you've fallen for all of that,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: correct?
SPEAKER_L: have seen that. I have a friend. Well it's one of my mom's friends and we both think she's being catfish because this is guy in the army who's in the army but he's on a base but they don't let him talk on the phone.
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like, they let people who are like not in boot camp talk on the phone. And then he says he has all these bills from when he I mean she hasn't paid for anything but he said he can't go see her because he had all these medical bills and I'm like I know that they get insurance, like maybe the rest of us might not get insurance, but they
SPEAKER_R: Military
SPEAKER_L: get I'm like they they get that and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: holy a catfish er because they're trying to not ask for money to the obvious shit is oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: And but she's like, Nah she's had any luck in dating in years, she's a little bit older, probably like later 40's and it's just like it breaks your heart because you're just like damn, I know you're just so lonely and it's just so sad
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: sucks Online dating is a full time job. Um I met tom online but I went through like people with foot fetishes and I had somebody text me to say I won't talk to you until I get a picture of your feet, and I'm like what the fuck is like you go through, I swear like Like probably easily 70% of the people that came after me were sent me initially in contact information we're married and I'm like I'm never going to have a relationship with you, I'm literally looking for a relationship, it says so on my profile like
SPEAKER_L: Anywhere,
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: whatever is going on.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_L: What what after like website did you meet him on?
SPEAKER_R: oh my god, I was on plenty of fish. I don't even know if that's a thing anymore because there were two years ago. Okay. Um and it was a last ditch effort, like I paid for match dot com for a long time and that felt like a meat market, it was really weird and then I did um whatever the one on facebook was for a little bit middle lot America is there. Um and what was the other, all the Harmony Man, I can't tell you how many NASCAR guys I was set up with and I have no interest in NASCAR, but with that, when they send you like matches like 15 or 20 a day. But the thing is they recruit those free weekends, so you're getting people that aren't even on there so you can be sending them a message and they're not checking their account because there was only one free holiday weekend. So it's tough.
SPEAKER_L: but you made it and now we've been really super long.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't.
SPEAKER_L: I met Brendan, my boyfriend on Tinder and he was like hit me with that I don't want to be in a relationship and I was just like I think you don't want to be in a really because you've been in some bad situations but you'll get over it. And yeah, I mean, I don't know. There's definitely weirdos online. Like, and then also another thing I noticed is that like I know I'm a bad woman and I'm cool with it. But, and I don't mind that you like fat women. But I dated this one guy who was just like touching my stomach all the time or he would like me eat like really hard. Like, like you could tell will turn them on. And then like when we did become into me, he was all of all my like grab it was just, and it's like I thought it was more comfortable but I was just like, damn, this is not what I want either.
SPEAKER_R: I'm luckily never ran into that. I ran into obviously fat phobic guys I guess you would call them, but never any like over the top helping
SPEAKER_L: feel like that
SPEAKER_R: sweep
SPEAKER_L: was one of my like scared I was scared that I was like fatter
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: than people saw or like because I looked at my pictures and be like surprise. So I always like put like a good, like what I thought was like a full
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: body
SPEAKER_R: can.
SPEAKER_L: that really represented how I look like. But because you know, you'd be when you have your own body, you be knowing your angles. You know, it looks good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you do, you know, it's and it's very interesting how one side of your face looks totally different from the other side of your face.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: It's like hell, that's so interesting. So
SPEAKER_L: That's why
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I like to do the face time before.
SPEAKER_R: what was your, oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because I just, you know, because sometimes they be looking too good and then the face time you really can't hide too much. What are you going to ask?
SPEAKER_R: Um what, what's your degree in?
SPEAKER_L: Chemistry?
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. What are you gonna do with that?
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea. And now I'm like, I don't have a car and I live in pennsylvania where there's like, everything is kind of far. It's time with the school. Like four I wish in my house. So I never really got to like drive. I mean I could have like really like made it work, come home on the weekends and stuff, but I didn't have a permanent address over there. So it's like I have to get my permit in New Jersey and do it in New Jersey and they call on campus. So it just never worked out. So right now I just got my permit and I guess I'll start learning how to drive, but I'm scared but we'll figure it out. So since everything is super far, I've just been working online, but probably like research, there's like a lot of companies that are near my school that everyone kind of just falls into. Well I want to go to grad school for higher ed.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was gonna say um you can do higher ed classes at home teach because now you have your basic bachelors degree and you can always do that. I actually work in the College of Education, at the state university here in charlotte. So um that's what we do, We recruit teachers and there's so many online courses that you can take for the education portion um and it's really beneficial. So you should I always advocate for teachers becoming.
SPEAKER_L: so I wanted to, I didn't want to like teach higher and I want to be like a staff don't like friends or something because like,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like that stuff I learned, I like it as an undergrad.
SPEAKER_R: I can see you teaching though, you have a great outgoing personality.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you like it or not. I mean you have to put up with kids so you have to like
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: chemistry scales and like, I could probably teach the basic courses. I could probably go to organic. And then after
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: that sometimes I look back and I'm like, I don't know how I graduated because you're
SPEAKER_R: that's when you and it's probably different stages state or or a little different um See if you were, if you graduated here, what I would recommend you do is go get your chemistry, secondary Chemistry high school license and pass that you get license and all you have to do is add on by area. So then you add on middle school, general Science because you can do that since you already had a licensing chemistry, you don't have to.
SPEAKER_L: I could definitely probably due um like call, I'm like the high school stuff. I'm trying to figure out what I want to do is to get a certificate. Dude, that's like a course or so.
SPEAKER_R: so I know here and it's probably similar there is you already have a bachelor's degree, so all you have to do is get the education portion, so that could run you 16 credit hours and you could finish in a year, year and a half and most is online. So I I know here in north Carolina we also have an emergency teaching license. So you just apply for this license as long as you're in school provisional and teach while you're in school and then that covers your internship as well, so something should look
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: into.
SPEAKER_L: like, looking into all these different things. I'm like, what do I want to be a nurse? Like, I'm there too. I'm like, really halfway through college, I decided to go to law school, right? That would go. And then I was like, over it that I want to be a nurse, like, but I feel like I don't want to be a nurse, just my friends who became nurses are making so much fucking money right now, where I'm like why didn't I just do that? I'm a chemistry major. It's super hard, nursing super hard like.
SPEAKER_R: So you want to potentially watch patients die while you're in the room or do you want to clean up their shit when they pooped the bed?
SPEAKER_L: Right. So it's like I'm like but do I want to like go down for vacations a year? I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you can go into like research though, especially if you're considering a graduate school or a graduate program. Hell you can even um go to graduate school and then become a professor and a lot of professors teach so they can do research and that's how you get grants and then you travel with that. Like most of our professors do that, they're there. Their main goal is research.
SPEAKER_L: So I just I just need to figure like really sit down with myself and figure out exactly what it is I want to do. But I feel like covid like I mean it was horrible and a lot of people died and I do think it's real because people don't think it is real but but I didn't give me like this extra time that I didn't know I needed but it's kind of nice or I'm just like working online, getting myself together. I picked up sewing,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: which is like new for me, a little
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: hobby and yeah, so I could just really figure it out.
SPEAKER_R: I learned how to sew a couple years ago, I thought we had this conversation at work that was like, what would be your one skill if we went back to bartering? And I'm like, I don't really have any skills. I follow recipes when I bake cooking wasn't that great back then for me. So I went back to school to learn house too. So, and I completed almost the entire course. I got to the point where I'm like, okay, I could figure it out if I need to, that's all I needed. I can still on a button, I can, I made aprons that year for my entire family for christmas presents and I'm like, okay, I'm good success.
SPEAKER_L: I made it. I don't know what kind of thing where I was just like some of the stuff that it hit me, I'm like a two eggs, it's like two X. Isn't as hard to find those other things. But I have like really big boobs. So it would be like things would just be like it fit everywhere but not my boobs and that's why I wanted to learn how to sell because I was like I want to make things that will definitely fit because I hate what I wanted to come in the mail and it doesn't fit. I'm like what's a bit?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, especially when you have to order it online because then you got to pay for the shipping, it's like, come on,
SPEAKER_L: And I'm really bad about returning stuff online.
SPEAKER_R: you are the
SPEAKER_L: Like why don't you just
SPEAKER_R: girls.
SPEAKER_L: take the money and lose it?
SPEAKER_R: I can't tell. I think I have a bag from L. A. Quick in my um closet that has like five things in it from last year that I did not return. I'm so so bad about it.
SPEAKER_L: Is that look we like a little pricey.
SPEAKER_R: It is, yes, it is.
SPEAKER_L: Because I know those are the
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: boujee
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: spice brand.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean, I don't get me wrong, I shop at Old Navy, I love old Navy Plus. Um but their quality is different and I'm all over some torrid, but you know.
SPEAKER_L: Toward is also I just like you know how to or it comes from hot topic. I feel like they need to learn that. Like we don't need schools like
SPEAKER_R: Yes, yes, I have the cutest little top from toward, it's black, it's kind of sheer and if you're looking at a distance, in fact, I didn't even know it was skulls when I bought it. I wore it the first time. I think it was until the second time I wore it when I was like, I realized it was little tiny white skulls all over it. I thought it was flowers and I was like son of a bitch, can I even wear this to work? Like it felt so weird, but they need to do away skulls. And um there was this, I guess the Disney craze is kind of overdone for me to like, I don't need you to have such a large Disney line sam
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's just like I don't know it doesn't even look they just slapped with Disney on there. Like maybe. I don't know. They really do treat it like an adult like a teenage brand like an angsty teenager. But like meets like grown women. But it's like no, we just need grown women. Maybe we don't need all of the schools. Mm
SPEAKER_R: it going to cut us off or
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: were we supposed to?
SPEAKER_L: I think we just close it. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I'm gonna read the directions. What's it every time? Oh, oh, there's a timer. Okay, we're 20 minutes 28 minutes
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: were just supposed to do 25, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, we're good.
SPEAKER_L: We need look at us.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Women are 17.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no I'm sorry that I was I showed up and you didn't
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: it was so good. I was so scared and
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad you were a woman, too, because I didn't want it to be like anybody weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get it. I get it.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: don't think so.
SPEAKER_R: I'm talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, we were gonna get skinny one day,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you know?