we're here about.
How are you?
What's it
what?
I'm sorry. I am I completely lost track of time. This is why I used my calendar so much and I'm working on like a bunch of recipes right now, so it's in the kitchen cooking, thinking about, this is
gonna taste so good, I can't wait to have it. And then my alarm went off and I'm like, shit,
So it is, I've been doing keto since March and um, being stuck at home working at home. I have a lot of time on my hands. Um, and I did, I started instagram account. Um, and somebody I follow spice ology I guess is like a mix that chefs use or something like that. Uh, they were doing a contest, so it's for the National kidney Foundation, so it's cooking without salt, which is really difficult because I love thought. Um, but I've, I've created like four or five recipes, so I'm really enjoying it and I love to eat food. I mean look at me, I'm a big girl, I love to eat food and I'm picky, it has to be good food. I can't just eat just anything.
So I have not lost any weight. Um But I can't get my macros right, and I'm a Type two diabetic, so I'm not into ketosis, which is the problem. However, um I have hashimoto's which do you know what that is? It's a thyroid.
Okay. Yeah. So um it's helping the inflammation come down on my body. My blood sugars are coming down, my blood pressure is coming down like I see it in my numbers and I feel better. And to me that's what's important and I get to eat steak. I'm sorry if you go on a diet and they're not allowed to have steak, I don't know if that's sustainable in my opinion.
Nothing.
Not
it is. It is. And that's why when I went to the doctor's office, I was just praying that I saw something in the blood work and I saw the results in the blood work and not to scale and I'm okay with that because I'm taking less of three different types of medication right now that I was in March. So that's enough for me at the moment. Um
Yeah. It's
of
them.
Oh, um I'm, how old am I? 39, sorry?
Aaron.
There are a lot of successes with pregnancy and peace us with keto. And I think it's about doing more restrict keto rather than a dirty keto because inflammation and a lot of people like I follow it. Like I have like 1000 accounts that I follow and so many of them are dirty and they still ingest dietary fibers and flowers and those are inflammatory.
So I follow Nisha, I think your last name's Barry. Misha Berry. And her husband dr ken mary And she has pcos and she has a child who's held as a paired one or something and they're entertaining there at the Tennessee. And he's uh an M. D. And I follow them and they're pretty cool. So I went to our attended one of their summits virtually last month I think it was and there was a whole section on pcos and tons of women that just had tons of questions and so it has its benefits so. But you have to get over the bread thing.
So and that's probably why I haven't lost any weight, because I don't really do the macros uh Too much counting for me. I downloaded the app, I used it one day, I'm like, fuck, this is too much. Excuse me. Does that bother me? Okay,
well, it's just too much. So I follow just as few carbs as possible. I eat like two or three vegetables. I'd limit myself to that. And I'm mostly carnivore into carnivore right now because of that. And that's actually what misha did. She did carnivore to get through her pcos. She did it through her pregnancy as well. And that's mostly mostly meat and cheese. And when you're doing that you don't have to count. So I'm like, hello, Or if my body craves a salad and who really craves the salad. But you know, like every three or four weeks, something like I want a salad, I'll have a salad and other than that it's mostly meat, eggs, some dairy, occasionally some almond flour. Um When's the last time you tried it?
Okay. So it's not too far too long ago, but I'm, I'm super impressed with how people have become creative with the recipes to, it's really interesting what they've done. So,
Hey,
norman?
that's
Move to walker. Yes.
So
I try to make something that there's like 11 difference between tom and I because we're in the same situation, he's my boyfriend, we've been together for eight years, not married. I used to think I wanted to get married now. I'm like, if I get married then my student loan payments just going to go up because it's gonna be based on two incomes. Like that's what I tell myself now. So
it's
like,
that's fine.
We
live, we lived together and were solid,
it's
fantastic. Um But anyway, so like for instance, if I stewed beef all day long, I'll do it in, I'll make my own broth and then you stew beef all day long. So when
it's done, I add a little corn starch to his portion to make a gravy and I'll just put some type of vegetable in it. Typically I use bok choy because I like bok choy just put a vegetable in it. Um and then you've got your keto soup if you will or if you wanted a gravy, you could use example um gum. So it's just one step that's different. Um very southern and we're used to, you know, meet veggie potato and if I look like that, I just don't eat the potato. I mean it takes some willpower, but fortunately he eats very few things so he likes his dollar mashed potatoes, which I used to like, but I don't like anymore, so I don't
if
I did I take a bite, but he doesn't put butter in his, so I'm like this is disgusting, I don't need to eat it. Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yes, Carolina. You
What
do you think?
Mhm. Um There's a, I mean we're a hot spot for northern to move down here, so it's
a nice blend. Um You've got your super country folk, you've got your redneck people mixed in. Um you've got your transplants. I was actually born in Maryland and half of half of us because I'm one of five kids, half of us were born in Maryland, half of us were born in charlotte. I claim Maryland but I moved here when I was three, so my mother was northern and my father is from charlotte. So we've, we've got this like weird cultural lend between southern and Maryland. Um you know, I mean it's okay, there's bugs, there's a lot of copperheads in the summer, um winter denial, so that's a benefit.
it's
it's very
No, no, no, no, it's a it's a very common snake down here and they just kind of pop up in your yard. Um when I when I, I owned a house for like five years and my father would come over, bless his soul and mow the grass because I was that person that's like, I want a house in a yard, but I don't want the grass come over and do it. And he'd say, you know, I killed two copperheads today and please don't tell me that, like, just just don't tell me that. So now I'm in a condo and on the second floor not on what I don't have to deal with that anymore so
wouldn't
need.
Well
if
you would you could start out by renting a place and trying
it out just doing it for a month or something or take an extended vacation. I don't know if you're able to do that and work from home. I know I can't normally but
just
gonna
do it girl, you just got to jump in and do it.
Yeah. It's a weird time. Yeah.
Then
Oh yeah but I think you just have to live your life and make and make the decision and do it. If you move out to L. A. And you don't like it then it's like fuck it, you move somewhere else and you can do that with Children. I mean you can you can't
I do not have any Children. No, I have 13 nieces and nephews. I thought I wanted kids. And then time got away. Just just got away because Tom and I like I was raised poor And the youngest of five kids. Um and when I met Tom my mother had passed and I was just in a weird situation and um I worked a lot and My 20, she's got away from me and
then we started dating and having fun and then we traveled a lot. Like I didn't get to travel as a kid because we were poor. So
I mean we've been to Ireland we've been to Putin Tana twice. Um You know just just overnight trips, vacation trips, we talk about a dog and I'm like man, we here and get a dog because well just up, we're two minutes, I'm sorry, two hours from the mountains and three hours from the beach. That's, that's a good thing for like living in central north Carolina is, you're very close to both. The Blue Ridge parkway is amazing. But you know, it's like even with a dog, I can't, I can't do that stuff. So let alone having a kid and then, you know, eight years later, it's like, oh, uh huh. I guess I could adopt if I don't want to be pregnant at 40.
One of them say life is what happens while you're making plans or right
there.
It's weird and scary. And you, I don't know, it's bad.
Very
specific,
but
Just
I want to know what they meant.
What comes up with that?
I knew
enough
eventually
got out like
that
was my
friends
so
they in a sense segregate the racist
class and uh
what
what
best?
Service
people, I think they're just looking for something to believe in. Gullibility is crazy, just like the amount of people that fall for scams and spams. I'm doing instagram contest and I swear every time I enter a contest I get a separate message from somebody that's trying to be that person but is not and it's like here here and I'll get you the prize and I'm like who falls for this shit? Who falls for that?
Well I'm not
Yeah, my father, you know, I used to wonder even more who falls for the shit, but my father, a couple of years fell hook line and sinker and my sister is smarter than that. And I go down to visit them one day and dad's phone is just texting blowing up and dad is 70 now, so he was probably 65, And Tina's like, oh he's got him a girlfriend, another that does some questioning it and he's like, well she's overseas right now, she's, I forgot what country she was in. Um she's gonna go on for a month and I'm like, and he is very agitated and frustrated with technology and texts. And I'm like, so why don't you just call her? Well she can't talk, she's in another country. And I'm like, dad, that's fishy. Super fishy. And we just went through a couple of things I swear I really remember anymore, I've kind of blocked it out. It turns out it was like almost like a cat fisher. And I'm like dad you have to understand that this is happening, but I blame my sister for aiding and abetting in a sense, like she should have fucking known better. I'm like go and check out this These this show. What was the name of that show Dr. did a whole hour on this lady that lost $1 million Okay you're officially old, you are officially old because you've fallen for all of that,
correct?
Who?
Military
I
mean
holy a catfish er because they're trying to not ask for money to the obvious shit is oh my God.
It
sucks Online dating is a full time job. Um I met tom online but I went through like people with foot fetishes and I had somebody text me to say I won't talk to you until I get a picture of your feet, and I'm like what the fuck is like you go through, I swear like Like probably easily 70% of the people that came after me were sent me initially in contact information we're married and I'm like I'm never going to have a relationship with you, I'm literally looking for a relationship, it says so on my profile like
it
I'm sorry,
oh my god, I was on plenty of fish. I don't even know if that's a thing anymore because there were two years ago. Okay. Um and it was a last ditch effort, like I paid for match dot com for a long time and that felt like a meat market, it was really weird and then I did um whatever the one on facebook was for a little bit middle lot America is there. Um and what was the other, all the Harmony Man, I can't tell you how many NASCAR guys I was set up with and I have no interest in NASCAR, but with that, when they send you like matches like 15 or 20 a day. But the thing is they recruit those free weekends, so you're getting people that aren't even on there so you can be sending them a message and they're not checking their account because there was only one free holiday weekend. So it's tough.
I didn't.
I'm luckily never ran into that. I ran into obviously fat phobic guys I guess you would call them, but never any like over the top helping
sweep
what
you
can.
Yeah, you do, you know, it's and it's very interesting how one side of your face looks totally different from the other side of your face.
It's like hell, that's so interesting. So
what
what was your, oh yeah,
Um what, what's your degree in?
Oh cool. What are you gonna do with that?
Okay. I was gonna say um you can do higher ed classes at home teach because now you have your basic bachelors degree and you can always do that. I actually work in the College of Education, at the state university here in charlotte. So um that's what we do, We recruit teachers and there's so many online courses that you can take for the education portion um and it's really beneficial. So you should I always advocate for teachers becoming.
So
I can see you teaching though, you have a great outgoing personality.
I don't know if you like it or not. I mean you have to put up with kids so you have to like
them.
So
that's when you and it's probably different stages state or or a little different um See if you were, if you graduated here, what I would recommend you do is go get your chemistry, secondary Chemistry high school license and pass that you get license and all you have to do is add on by area. So then you add on middle school, general Science because you can do that since you already had a licensing chemistry, you don't have to.
so I know here and it's probably similar there is you already have a bachelor's degree, so all you have to do is get the education portion, so that could run you 16 credit hours and you could finish in a year, year and a half and most is online. So I I know here in north Carolina we also have an emergency teaching license. So you just apply for this license as long as you're in school provisional and teach while you're in school and then that covers your internship as well, so something should look
into.
So you want to potentially watch patients die while you're in the room or do you want to clean up their shit when they pooped the bed?
I mean you can go into like research though, especially if you're considering a graduate school or a graduate program. Hell you can even um go to graduate school and then become a professor and a lot of professors teach so they can do research and that's how you get grants and then you travel with that. Like most of our professors do that, they're there. Their main goal is research.
Thanks.
Yeah,
I learned how to sew a couple years ago, I thought we had this conversation at work that was like, what would be your one skill if we went back to bartering? And I'm like, I don't really have any skills. I follow recipes when I bake cooking wasn't that great back then for me. So I went back to school to learn house too. So, and I completed almost the entire course. I got to the point where I'm like, okay, I could figure it out if I need to, that's all I needed. I can still on a button, I can, I made aprons that year for my entire family for christmas presents and I'm like, okay, I'm good success.
Yeah, especially when you have to order it online because then you got to pay for the shipping, it's like, come on,
you are the
girls.
I can't tell. I think I have a bag from L. A. Quick in my um closet that has like five things in it from last year that I did not return. I'm so so bad about it.
It is, yes, it is.
Thank
you.
Well, I mean, I don't get me wrong, I shop at Old Navy, I love old Navy Plus. Um but their quality is different and I'm all over some torrid, but you know.
Yes, yes, I have the cutest little top from toward, it's black, it's kind of sheer and if you're looking at a distance, in fact, I didn't even know it was skulls when I bought it. I wore it the first time. I think it was until the second time I wore it when I was like, I realized it was little tiny white skulls all over it. I thought it was flowers and I was like son of a bitch, can I even wear this to work? Like it felt so weird, but they need to do away skulls. And um there was this, I guess the Disney craze is kind of overdone for me to like, I don't need you to have such a large Disney line sam
it going to cut us off or
were we supposed to?
I guess I'm gonna read the directions. What's it every time? Oh, oh, there's a timer. Okay, we're 20 minutes 28 minutes
so
yeah. Yeah, we're good.
No,
no, no, no I'm sorry that I was I showed up and you didn't
get
if
Yeah, I get it. I get it.
So
I'm talking to you.
You