mm hmm. Weird. Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, it's mhm half and half now. Bring to a boil. Shred your chicken at two tablespoons of flour to a quarter cup of water and mix it added to your pan, add your chicken finger about a tablespoon of the dumplings, Bring this to a simmer and cook uncovered for 10 minutes apiece. Cover and cook for another 10 minutes. Place your dumplings with parsley and there you have it. It's very we gotta go, go give your aunt a hug. I don't want to, She's mean to me. Well she'll think you don't like her and then I'll never hear the end of it. I don't like her and I don't feel comfortable hugging her. Come on. Just do this for me. Just don't pressure me. I'll say goodbye and I'm not going to hug her. You're being so dramatic. I could never say no to something like that to my parents. I know you couldn't and it's okay to not do things that make you feel uncomfortable even if it upsets the other person. Okay, fine. Just say goodbye hey. Yeah bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. I'm not a coward. I don't say now I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. Go move. Yeah bitch. I'm a cow bitch. I'm a cow. I'm not, I don't say now I'm I wanna. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh happy. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Oh mm hmm. Oop. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh my god. Hi,
I'm good. I'm talking. Just sending an email. one sec. um
Our permit. Okay.
So I think we're gonna come. I just had a tab open in the corner and I was like, I'm still trying to get my $2.
Well
I was like, I want to say, you know, you never know. But do you cook a lot? That's like you're saying?
Has the key to open like working, you know? Have you been like, because I know for the duke it on. They just save so much way.
I know for the thing. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I thought, I think you know, for a little bit at pcos so
I don't know if you know about that, but that gives you the the insulin that's not doing what it's supposed to do. So when I was working with a dietician back in the day, she recommended keto and I tried it but then I didn't lose any weight and I was just like, I don't know with me like I know you're still doing it but like now it's like
putting in the work and asking the results is just like so discouraging.
Rigby something to hold on to like, give me something.
How do
I
really miss the whole beginning? How I am 23.
Okay. So it's like I'm in a relationship, I'm gonna like a seriously chip Hopefully be engaged soon. I mean you never know, but I think about it because I know I want to start having like Children soon. But you know, in my head when I was young, I was like, I'll be married by 21, you know the things you tell yourself when you're little and then it just didn't worry. So um I just like want to get my way down because I know that when I do get after I get married and have kids, which is like maybe the next year or two. I want, I don't want to not struggle with pcos how I do now, but it's just been super. I've done like everything. Like I was even, I don't know if you were to urban life, the MLM And I don't really like, like M11 since, you know, it's like and stuff, but I was just like, you know what I'm gonna do, it didn't
work. Oh my God, this doesn't kind of work, but you do feel better and it helps your routine.
So
The bread thing, Yeah, I feel like I got the food scale because I just started and I always get excited or something. So I did the food scale to the shopping and I probably like, I was using my fitness cow to like try to track that. I definitely feel like I wasn't, it would be at some point where it would be like this is just cheese so I'm gonna just eat some cheese and I would really like put that in or I wasn't as strict as I probably should have been like looking back.
No, we're good.
Um I wonder for like six months to a year ago.
Yeah, my little brother did it and my little brother, my whole, like me and my little brother were like bigger people, but he did it and he was in that strict but you know, I feel like men, they always just was
way faster
and he was making like almond flour pizza or you know what they be doing And I was like, I was so happy for him that it works. But then you know what got him with the drinking because he was like, I turned 21 and then the beers and I was like we just shot okay because you
could just but
the deer got him. He was just like and then he fell off it but he didn't really keeping a lot of the way he did his off. So I mean I probably will try it again. It's also hard. Like another thing that's been hard in my relationship is that I cook for like me and my boyfriend and I was trying to like I wasn't trying to keep it but I was trying to just wash my carbs and like I'll make him like a suit, I'll make him like something that it's just like so hard to like make it not eat it and I could make him eat like that. But at the time I was like let's just get through the groceries we have and then I'll have him beat him and then I
don't know. But I just watched him eat and I'd be like, damn, I was up.
Oh my God, I don't want
to, wow, I just
graduated
or that you think
about,
look,
it's
and
You
know,
Yeah, I am state are you from?
What state are you from?
That's where I'm from Jersey. But I live in pennsylvania. Well, it was right now because you know, it might be from over here for this little thing I'm doing, but yeah, So what's it like over there, Southern, I've never really been anywhere but like
Miami
for like spring break like years ago. So
what?
Um, my family actually talked about moving to either north Carolina, south Carolina to retire. Oh,
copperhead
is a snake. A copperhead is a snake. I thought it was a type of bug.
That's crazy. I, we have like garden snakes. I don't even know what they look like because I've never seen them, but I know people talk about them, but I've never like, my family never owned a home movies, like rented an
apartment
and have to deal with any of that. But in my heart, like I would say I want to move to a farm or like just have like land, I have this thing where it's like I want to be naked and have the windows open and nobody see me, but I don't know if I could actually do it. I don't know if I've always grown up in the city, so I don't know what it's like out there. Well not you live in a condo so you're fine. But like
in
this apartment
and
yeah, I mean, I
don't
know,
I'm in this point, I just graduated college in the maze in May. So I'm at this point in my life, I'm just like, I have to like put roots down or start to like figure out because I'm working online right now, but it's just like a part time thing because it was hard for me to like find something full time with everything.
So I'm just like, I can literally go anywhere. I always tell them like, I'm just like, there's nothing holding you back right now and have kids have boyfriend believe either comes with me and he doesn't, you know, I'm not gonna
and I just don't know where I'm going. I don't know what I want to do. I don't know like some of these like little but L. A. In California and then I'm like, but that's not where I want to have like a family. I don't know, it's all these things, all these decisions
Do you have a good
Well.
Well.
Yeah. I mean I told one of those things that I think your life is going to be somewhere, but then it's just like it falls where it falls so you can't plan too much.
Like
there's also the internet religious, there's like a lot of different religious ones, but it's like random but I don't even know what's going on with that with me either. I'm just like I grew up catholic, I'm Latina. So Latinos are notoriously super catholic and I'm not super catholic but I feel like I only like the virgin mary and then I can like not have the rest. Not okay because it's definitely focused, but I could do without everything else. It's just too much stuff going on in the church that Yeah.
And it also gets super culti super fast. That's one thing I've noticed about religion, like I went to a cult ones by accident, so I was at, well my best friend, which actually opened my best friends a little bit about your head, like if anyone would get me into the quote meeting over here, but someone's after a wall murder or whatever and we were going to the space over two years ago where we wanted to like find God or something, I don't know. And so they invited us to this bible study and we went and it wasn't super weird and then we're like, okay. And then they started coming out with this like imagine if you were in it, they're super big, but they're probably the world something organization and they believe that there was a second jesus and he was japanese or korean or something and
he was
awesome tongue and they
pray to him and then one day like you guys are where we noticed that it was a cult because people were like being super weird so we went
to like the mask just to like see and these, you know and white people, I just started praying, singing these korean songs to this korean god and I was just like, I can't,
I mean they might know what it meant but they were so like just the way they talked about it with such devotion, like they really believed it and it's like they're big mission trip is like going to Korea and like the guy actually died, they think that God had a wife and the guy who died wife is the reincarnation of God's wife. They call her like heavenly mother. I don't know it was a lot. But
I mean these korean people, they got so many people in the videos like this brand um little church group that is in like the second floor of like it's like convenience stores on the bottom and then like a church on the front. I should have really known it was that it was a call from the beginning.
But if you
want to hold
on word
it was like 45 people and that went intended that surface and they had another church because I thought I'm like super white passing. So like if you told us you had a white girl we would have told you to go to the other church because I guess it's like more white people and their churches like like an actual church and it's a lot nicer. I don't even know what's
going
on.
But it
was
Yeah, I guess.
you were like, yeah. So you can be closer to other I guess. I wouldn't feel uncomfortable around all the Latinos that went to that church.
But
either way, that was my cool experience
and I'm never going to forget it. I just couldn't believe it. Like how they convinced all these people to donate 20% of their check Every Sunday or what, you know, this was basically like need to donate 20%. That's a random people in Korea. They never
met.
And it's weird when you actually see the people who do,
it's like, I don't know, I don't I don't know how people don't feel bad. Like I know like there's like how you did like that competition, there was this Youtuber who did a competition or something or they were doing something and somebody changed like one name in the U. R. L. And then contacted the people and was like oh like send your your address or whatever to this. And I don't know. It's just like who has the time?
I
have seen that. I have a friend. Well it's one of my mom's friends and we both think she's being catfish because this is guy in the army who's in the army but he's on a base but they don't let him talk on the phone.
And I'm like, they let people who are like not in boot camp talk on the phone. And then he says he has all these bills from when he I mean she hasn't paid for anything but he said he can't go see her because he had all these medical bills and I'm like I know that they get insurance, like maybe the rest of us might not get insurance, but they
get I'm like they they get that and
I
just
And but she's like, Nah she's had any luck in dating in years, she's a little bit older, probably like later 40's and it's just like it breaks your heart because you're just like damn, I know you're just so lonely and it's just so sad
but
Anywhere,
whatever is going on.
What what after like website did you meet him on?
but you made it and now we've been really super long.
I met Brendan, my boyfriend on Tinder and he was like hit me with that I don't want to be in a relationship and I was just like I think you don't want to be in a really because you've been in some bad situations but you'll get over it. And yeah, I mean, I don't know. There's definitely weirdos online. Like, and then also another thing I noticed is that like I know I'm a bad woman and I'm cool with it. But, and I don't mind that you like fat women. But I dated this one guy who was just like touching my stomach all the time or he would like me eat like really hard. Like, like you could tell will turn them on. And then like when we did become into me, he was all of all my like grab it was just, and it's like I thought it was more comfortable but I was just like, damn, this is not what I want either.
feel like that
was one of my like scared I was scared that I was like fatter
than people saw or like because I looked at my pictures and be like surprise. So I always like put like a good, like what I thought was like a full
body
that really represented how I look like. But because you know, you'd be when you have your own body, you be knowing your angles. You know, it looks good.
Thank you.
That's why
I like to do the face time before.
Yeah. Because I just, you know, because sometimes they be looking too good and then the face time you really can't hide too much. What are you going to ask?
Chemistry?
I have no idea. And now I'm like, I don't have a car and I live in pennsylvania where there's like, everything is kind of far. It's time with the school. Like four I wish in my house. So I never really got to like drive. I mean I could have like really like made it work, come home on the weekends and stuff, but I didn't have a permanent address over there. So it's like I have to get my permit in New Jersey and do it in New Jersey and they call on campus. So it just never worked out. So right now I just got my permit and I guess I'll start learning how to drive, but I'm scared but we'll figure it out. So since everything is super far, I've just been working online, but probably like research, there's like a lot of companies that are near my school that everyone kind of just falls into. Well I want to go to grad school for higher ed.
so I wanted to, I didn't want to like teach higher and I want to be like a staff don't like friends or something because like,
like that stuff I learned, I like it as an undergrad.
Well,
my
chemistry scales and like, I could probably teach the basic courses. I could probably go to organic. And then after
that sometimes I look back and I'm like, I don't know how I graduated because you're
I could definitely probably due um like call, I'm like the high school stuff. I'm trying to figure out what I want to do is to get a certificate. Dude, that's like a course or so.
I'm
like, looking into all these different things. I'm like, what do I want to be a nurse? Like, I'm there too. I'm like, really halfway through college, I decided to go to law school, right? That would go. And then I was like, over it that I want to be a nurse, like, but I feel like I don't want to be a nurse, just my friends who became nurses are making so much fucking money right now, where I'm like why didn't I just do that? I'm a chemistry major. It's super hard, nursing super hard like.
Right. So it's like I'm like but do I want to like go down for vacations a year? I don't know.
So I just I just need to figure like really sit down with myself and figure out exactly what it is I want to do. But I feel like covid like I mean it was horrible and a lot of people died and I do think it's real because people don't think it is real but but I didn't give me like this extra time that I didn't know I needed but it's kind of nice or I'm just like working online, getting myself together. I picked up sewing,
which is like new for me, a little
hobby and yeah, so I could just really figure it out.
I made it. I don't know what kind of thing where I was just like some of the stuff that it hit me, I'm like a two eggs, it's like two X. Isn't as hard to find those other things. But I have like really big boobs. So it would be like things would just be like it fit everywhere but not my boobs and that's why I wanted to learn how to sell because I was like I want to make things that will definitely fit because I hate what I wanted to come in the mail and it doesn't fit. I'm like what's a bit?
And I'm really bad about returning stuff online.
Like why don't you just
take the money and lose it?
Is that look we like a little pricey.
Because I know those are the
boujee
spice brand.
Toward is also I just like you know how to or it comes from hot topic. I feel like they need to learn that. Like we don't need schools like
Yeah. And it's just like I don't know it doesn't even look they just slapped with Disney on there. Like maybe. I don't know. They really do treat it like an adult like a teenage brand like an angsty teenager. But like meets like grown women. But it's like no, we just need grown women. Maybe we don't need all of the schools. Mm
Well
I think we just close it. Right.
We
were just supposed to do 25, right?
We need look at us.
Women are 17.
No,
it was so good. I was so scared and
I'm glad you were a woman, too, because I didn't want it to be like anybody weird.
I
don't think so.
Yes, we were gonna get skinny one day,
you know?