Hello.
My kids were yelling. There you go, how you doing?
Good. I have a puppy here. I may have to send him out. He's not, you say hi, it's my daughter's dog. And um, he's, I thought I'd let him stay here with me, but I don't know that he's going to cooperate franklin. No, you cannot eat my cord. So how are you doing?
Thanks.
Um, he's just six months.
He just, he was just neutered on monday and she's a schoolteacher and her roommate, um was tested for covid. So she had to come home from school. She had to come home from school because, you know, being around the kids franklin and uh, so she doesn't want him like by himself all day. Let me skip down here so we could, we would take
him,
but he's getting crazy. I'm going to let him out of the room. Excuse me,
franklin. You go out, Call him. Okay. Okay. So that's why we have because she's home and she has to put him in the crate because he has to wear one of those cones. So it's like his wound and then he's crying while she tried to teach. So I just felt my husband
so sorry about that.
what do you, what kind of dogs are they?
No.
Well,
okay. Okay. Yeah. He's a lot of puppy. I mean he uh about, I don't know, maybe two or three times a day. He has like these spurts for like 15 minutes where he's just crazy and then he just slays and takes a nap. So
I think he's having his last spurt before, before bedtime. Oh, I see one of them there. So where
are you at
one?
I'm sorry to hear what you say.
I mean,
okay, in pennsylvania, we're close to her shin blisters. Are you going to get any of that rain from the hurricane?
yeah. We started rain today, but I don't think it's from the hurricane. I just think it's, you know, a system coming from out West. So it's been, we really need the rain. So, but it's been warm. I mean for it could be in the 40s, but it's, I think it's close to 70.
That was,
So what part of south Carolina?
The
green?
More like west as opposed to towards the coast.
Okay. Um, yeah. How far are you from Asheville? North Carolina.
That's
okay because I have my nieces daughters in Asheville, which I know is more south I think of north north Carolina. Yes.
All yeah, it's supposed to be really nice. I've never been to Asheville. I'm around her. She where the chocolates made in Hershey Park and have you ever heard of that? But that's where we're kind of Um Philadelphia is kind of the southeast corner almost to New Jersey and we're about an hour and 15 minute drive from there. So not to you know southeast so to speak in pennsylvania. So so yeah, just uh taking advantage of the rain and being inside
and where my husband are kind of quarantining because of my daughter, we were, she dropped her dog off sunday night and then it was monday that her roommate realized he may. So he was test I think it sounds more like a cold and maybe the flu than actual covid hopefully, you know, so that she just wants to get back to school. It's so hard teaching teaching virtually to you know she teaches like learning support. So it's even harder when kids we have a very good attention span. So so yeah.
What do you do? I mean you're a student or? Uh huh.
Are.
wow. We uh pet smart, we have Petco and pet value which I think pet value are gone have a business
around.
Yeah petsmart that's smart. I think we think there's one around here somewhere anyway, have a petco while we've been going more now just with my my daughter having a dog now is a cat as well so and.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah they're big a bit is a lot but he's still in the puppy stage and get some squeaking here and if it's me um he's still in the puppy stage and but he he is you know staying in bed, staying his crate through the night now so um when she first got she got him I think it was two months old, so she was up you know to talk during the night, but now he's through the night in his crate and she she said he usually cries about five and she just lets him go
and they'll go back to sleep about six. And then he knows he can get in bed with her and he likes for all like down under the covers and then let's just lower against your body. And she said this
morning she was off the day before the veterans day. She let him in bed and he likes, he'll he'll like popper and he wants you to lift the cover so we can crawl down underneath. And then he just lays down there and then he said he comes up and lays his head beside her on the pillow. And so yeah, he's uh
help me a roadblock dog once he calms down and gets through the puppy stage
and
it was a french bulldog.
Yeah, yeah. His shape. We have a neighbor that has a french bulldog and he's more sprout.
Like we have like more of a bigger chest where franklin's
bodies more long, almost like a, like a dioxin. I was so surprised when they saw how he's growing compared to like our neighbor's dog, our neighbor's dog was, I call it like the traditional french bulldog, but he's got more of a big test in a small, but where franklin's just so long, he has the french bulldog phase. But oh, she's old, one of the french bulldog. And you know, when they, when my daughters were young and you know, we were just so busy, we just never could. We just, it was just too much, you know, with working and two kids and activities we, we've never, and then when she was out on her own, she finally said I'm getting a dog and a lot more work than we realized it was going to be Deb a puppy. But I like to get him. I mean I liked give her a break and then it's nice to have him for a day then you can send him back and I worry about, you know, let me check in on them if you're going away or whatever. So
have to watch them pretty good Jedi. It's still like, like he was chewing on my wire here to my headset. Um but from those parties like when I would take him out to the bathroom, every little stone will pick up in his mouth where now I think he realizes that's not anything good to eat. But now with the rain, the worms on the driveway. Well, as soon as we got out of the vehicle tonight, he was looking to eat worms. You know my husband, I guess I got to hurt him. Like it doesn't need to be eating worms. So so uh so yeah, once you can stop wearing this cone and stuff, Phil will be good. But she just hates to put it on him. But you've got to make sure he doesn't rip his incision and
because he's not supposed to like, like play hard or jump well that's
yeah, yeah, you just have to be really careful. So so that was monday. So we're this is what three days in now.
So
Well they spread 10-7 or I'm sorry, 7-10. And so I called him myself because my daughter didn't know she wasn't on the instructions or she didn't ask. So I called the vet and they said 7 to 10 and I said, well is it seven
or is it 10? Like to me that seems like it's either 789 or 10. And um, so I told her after, after the weekend, I think he should be pretty good,
you know, to to maybe not. If she sees that he's picking then she might have to do it a little longer. But I would think in a week he'd be pretty healed up by then. So um what um, what suited you work out in your area? Was a resume that you worked at?
Conference.
at all. Okay. We have a zoo. It's called zoo America. Is what they call it? It's attached to Hershey park here. They have some bears and otters and I think coyotes and nothing else. Buffalo or bison.
Yeah. It's not real real big because it's almost like like it's actually right beside where the factory, like where they used to make chocolate was right right beside there. So it's something huge and they really are kind of landlocked so they can't grow a lot. But um yeah, they have they have a lot of indoor like like the nocturne around animals, you go into a dark building, you know dark and they have the, you know like the skunks and that kind of stuff in there and different. I think they have road runners in an area snakes and there's a barn with the mouse I think.
So it's not not a lot of people come just for the zoo, but the fact that you can get into the zoo by going to Hershey Park is where they I think they get a lot of their there are people in their self. So
we
actually
What's that?
So
I'm tired.
All right. I worked for a judge, as a secretary for a judge. I did that On and off for about 45 years.
I had some breakdown service and I worked for the pennsylvania state Police for a while and I um I worked for the attorney general's office for a while, but the last job I was working, I had worked for a judge. Um and then I had my 35 years of state service. I retired December only two years. Oh, I just love it. I just, I can't, I can't ever imagine then my husband retired in january of this year. So we spent january in florida and then we're going to spend january february this coming next year in florida. So
um it's destined. It's up in the panhandle.
Are you familiar with it?
It's,
oh Dustin is beautiful, Beautiful. Only being there in January last year. Didter't get actually. I think the first week of January was the warmest weather we had. I mean it gets in, it got in the 50s. Uh I think staying for the month of february will get warmer weather. Um The fishing might be a little better and my daughters came down last year over um martin, Luther king Jr, whatever the holiday is in january, they came down, flew into Pensacola, I believe they were there four days, so they might try and do it again um This year in in february and I said that my daughter might be a little bit warmer, that not that you could swim in the ocean, but at least maybe go to the beach more. And we just where we say, we just have to walk across two lanes to get to the beach then. So
yeah, so it's, I don't know if it's going to be Any kind of lockdowns and stuff, if we're going to be just maybe stuck inside down there. I guess it's better to be stuck inside where it's nice. At least you can take walks as opposed up here, you know, we can get up to two ft of snow
and in a bad winner. So yeah, the last year, I don't think we have any plow balls now. I said sure the year we get to go to florida, there's no, there's no plausible snow. So My husband, I just took a trip at West for three weeks. We went to Salt Lake City and Mount Rushmore Yellowstone, like did the parks out there, um, ended up Minnesota, we did a fishing trip there, just a day trip. And then we kind of came down around Lake Superior and Lake Michigan and then into pennsylvania and then back home. So we are fortunate, you know, that we could do that um without too much of a problem. Some things were closed. But for the most part, we're able to do everything we set out to do
if
regular fishing um here at home, we fish mostly on lakes, you fish for trout. Um In florida, we will self appear in the ocean, but it was really too cold. It was, they say in february, you get warmer weather and the fish are coming through. And then in uh in Minnesota, we went out on a boat on the lake and it's musky fishing is what my husband to do. And the musky he caught with uh 48" long. Yeah, the guy, the captain, the boat said it was one of the biggest, he said he's caught some of the 50, but he had 48. A pretty big one. So he I was glad he but they and if you fish but they troll where they just put the lines in the water and then the boat just goes like three miles an hour and then you can hear the lines only when the fish hits and then you just pull it in where I like to like put the worm on and cast like to me like trolling to me is not really fishing. I'd rather go
to a lake city. Each
where no cast you know. But we had a good time. I enjoyed it. It was that's why we got to do and then we at least caught one.
So how far from the ocean? Like from the east coast are you where you're at?
Yeah, that's about we would our closest speeches Rehoboth Delaware. So that would be the, you can probably get there in three hours and 15 minutes maybe from where we live
now now and then Maryland beaches are big for people from our very good to what we've gone to Myrtle Beach. Your, we haven't been there in a lot of years, but my family and then this past year we went to Corolla in the Outer Banks. The first time I had ever done, there was 13 of us that got rented a house together. So, so it was, it was good. Do you go to the
beach down there? I mean.
What's it considered? It's not, it's not part of the like Appalachia or?
Yeah.
Does the Appalachian trail go through that parking?
Yeah.
Yeah, we have um, the Appalachian trail goes real close to where we live. And then a couple weekends ago we rented a, a house on a state park in pennsylvania and that's it. You actually come off the trail and cross the road to get back on the trail. So we saw a lot of people hiking the Appalachian trail because we, the house we stay that was real close and there's a, there's a mansion that they use for a hostel
for the, the hikers to stay at its open everything for them to go stay there. So the trails real hair.
Well close to there. Yeah, we have, we have good hiking around.
There's a lot of state parks within a half hour to to half a half hour to an hour from where we live. A lot of state parks with camping and fishing if you want and you know, lakes with beaches and things like that. Where we went a couple weekends ago, my friend's daughter brought a paddle board, was able to paddle board and they had kayaks and I fished and um the girls hiked
up some mountain to some cliff or something and so it's really a lot of that around here too. Do you get you get snow at all down there? Oh you're pretty for
sal
It stays pretty warm. Yeah, I like the four seasons, I mean now that I'm older um I think I might mind the cold a little more and the heat a little more. But um like I said last year, I don't think we have a plausible snow because my husband and I moved, we downsized our house to a town house so that we don't have to worry about mowing or snow removal if we wanted to go away for any extended period time. And my younger daughter still lives at home, so we didn't want to go away in the winter and leave her with our other house that had a fairly big driveway and worry about clearing the driveway to get to work and stuff. So um we downsized and um now we don't have to worry about mown grass or shoveling any snow where we're at now, so if we go away we don't have to worry about anything like that. And but yeah, we we've had up as as much as two ft is now like in a 24 hour period, that's I think we've had as much as 26 at one time, okay, I mean it's just
closed down for most times 2-3 days from that till they get
things back open and schools are closed and um now I don't care now that I don't work, I just stay in but when I worked and I tried to get to work I didn't like it you know not very fun but
really well they don't have they probably don't have the salt to put on the roads and.
well they have they have things here they can pre treat the rose so that it does fall it doesn't freeze. But then you have to watch that they pre treat it and if you get rain before you get ice the rain will wash it away. So they have to kind of balance between okay do we put the pre treatment down and hope it doesn't rain and wash away And um and then they've already canceled school me and they'll be saying we're getting this really bad storm and They'll cancel school at like 10:00 PM. This happened, my daughters
were still in school, they're both out of college now but they were still in school and the night before they cancelled school the next morning we got up there was not one flake of snow. The storm had taken a turn from the way they originally so all the schools have canceled and we did get 11 flake. No so you know the schools have to have to call it you know for safety and then you know if you wait if they wait till the next morning you know parents complain like you knew the night before we were going to get it and you should have called it but then they
won that and then we don't get anything you know. So but yeah the kids like when when schools are
called but then they have I think when my daughter was still in high school they had five days built into the schedule. So right, you might get an extra day off in january, but if you have a snow day then you have to go that day. So my daughters are always glad when they had snow days. But I said you got to remember at easter you're going to lose two days at easter, you know, because you've got to make up snow day, so it's nice to get a day off form there, but then you lose it in the end, you know?
So
So wow, how long ago was that?
actually it seems to me we maybe we were coming back from out west when a bad storm hit, I'm wondering because my nieces in Raleigh
and then her daughter's in Nashville, so we kind of watch, you know when things are coming up from the south. But this storm coming up isn't gonna, it looks like it's going to go go off the coast between Georgia and south Carolina is what I thought it looked like was going to happen. Yeah, because
originally I thought maybe breath thing was going to get a little bit of it. But have you ever been to Destin? You said your mom likes it.
how far of a drive is that? I mean would you drive there or fly there?
that's like from here to Myrtle Beach is for us is about eight hours For us to drive from here to Destin's about 16 hours. Yes. So we're going to stay in I think Chattanooga Tennessee waterway down last year. I think we stayed in savannah Georgia. So this year we're going to stay in Chattanooga and break it will drive like that's probably about 10 hours just trying a new before stay overnight and then drive the rest in next six hours. Um What's what's your closest like your biggest airport like if you want to fly somewhere?
So you could find Atlanta to get another flight like out of the country or something. How far the plan a drive from Atlanta? Are you
okay? It's not bad.
We have a Harrisburg international airport here and you can you can like when my daughter she went to Ireland to study for a semester, she flew from Harrisburg to Montreal I guess it was and then Montreal had a direct flight to Dublin but like you wouldn't get a flight from Harrisburg. I think they're considered international because they fly to the Caribbean and they do fly to Canada. So that's why they can call themselves but you wouldn't get a flight to like the west coast from here. We would have to fly like I think they fly to maybe Atlanta and maybe Chicago and then you'd have to connect. But I don't think you can get from Harrisburg to the west coast without a stop. At least one stop. It's a tiny airport, which is nice. Lot of people from here we'll drive to philadelphia or Baltimore to get direct flights to maybe the caribbean or you can fly to florida from here which is nice because we're like my daughters came, they went to Pensacola. So they flew I think through Atlanta to get the Pensacola. But if you fly to Orlando I think and get a direct flight I think there's a direct floors and some places you can
Kendall
um our 15 hour hour and a half.
Yeah, yeah because they were, I mean we went over and picked them up. Um they didn't rent a car or anything. We picked them up and then there is a, there is an airport called Destin Fort Walton. And I checked about there It's like $642. It's crazy. Although we'll drive to pentacle. Um Yeah, Pensacola. They got hit really bad. Maybe it was the same storm you got her downtown was flooded. Pretty good. What was the name of that hurricane
before
you know?
And
yeah, I think principle because we had gone um in the Pensacola friday night when my daughters were down to go to a festival. They had, my daughter had to do a paper for a class at school on a cultural festival. Well luckily they had something going on. So we went to Pensacola. It was like on, there may be the closest street vendors and entertainment and everything. And uh that whole main street was flooded. It was just, they were hit really bad and they bounced back yet or not. But yeah, I'm looking forward to going two months.
Seems like a long time. I don't know how I'll do being away that long, but because I know when we were out west, I really miss my daughter's puppy. I try to face with face time with five times a week
and with a two hour time difference. It was hard because we would get back from whatever we were doing that day. A lot of times, Franklin was already in his great for the night and it's like, I understand what he's in bed, mom. You can't. So, uh, yeah, yeah. So,
well,
you know, we were down around Pensacola and for some reason my GPS was like really messing me up. And like all of a sudden were like, you go across the little bridge and you're like right there, and wasn't there like a shooting there a couple years ago? Uh And I was like, oh my gosh, I don't want to be here. And then you're thinking about there's cameras everywhere. We just didn't u turn and went back because our Gps messed this up or something, but there's a there's a museum or something down there, that's free. We didn't get that will probably be like this
this next year when we go. But um people
told us about
thought and only what else, what treatments going. I've played a lot of people ball, so I'm hoping I can get
um find some places down there if you've ever heard a pickle ball, but I'm hoping that you play on like a tennis court um
with a smaller racket and stuff. So I'm hoping I can do that and I'd like to take my bicycle. But I don't know if we'll be able to do that or not get out and do some stuff, but I'm hoping the weather will um cooperate with us and not be too cold. I've been with pandemic. Who knows I mean? Yeah. Well what's your, are you guys in um like restaurants like 50% or what?
well that's I mean back in the spring when they closed everything, we had, We say like 1000 cases a day in Pennsylvania. Well now we're up to over 4000 a day
and we're still open. So it's like if you close with 1000 positive cases a day, Like why aren't you closing with 4000? So it doesn't make sense. It's it's just it's just so uncertain, you know? So we're staying away from my daughter. She comes out with the mask on, we have mask on, she hands off the puppy to it. We're not going in her house until she gets her roommate gets the results of his test he took yesterday just to see um Do
they, does your governor like two updates every day and now?
What party is?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Suicide.
He
said she recover okay.
Is oxygen hear me say okay.
Apple,
Yeah. It's um my daughter worked in the health care field. They check every every day she goes to work, they check their temperature and things are wearing mask and shields right now
around patients and stuff. So
cheese.
Um she's in a rehab center, she's an occupational therapist. She actually is just an aide now because she just passed her test last week and she has to get certified by the state and so she's still working as an aide, but she's an occupational therapist. So um but it's a it's a rehab center for people maybe some if they've been in a car accident and they had a brain injury or a lot of injuries that they need physical therapy or occupational therapy. So um so the other third check in, we checked the employees every day. I don't know what the restrictions on visitors I should ask her receive. Um They've been stricter about visitors. Yeah, but our hospitals how it is down in your way. But um man can't I think they made it that men can go in with their wives when they could have a baby. But nobody else. I knew a girl the other day, her daughter was having a baby and they weren't even allowed to go sit in their car in the parking lot of the hospital. Her husband was there really strict on it's just to be safe. But that's that's bizarre that because it's I mean around here for months,
all we did was go to the grocery store like every
every other week and that was it. And so so paranoid, you're washing your hands and wiping everything down and it's uh I think people got more lax a daisy oh about it around here or well why? I don't I don't know that
tastes
work.
Do you have to wear a mask at work?
They are,
Do you have a glass up in front of your cash registers?
I started doing that around here to so it's a yeah it's unfortunate
a lot of businesses of going out of business and restaurants aren't surviving and I mean there's still people up here that think it's not real and it's uh I don't know, I just uh
my husband's diabetic, so you know, I don't want him to get it for the most part, I don't have any health issues, but it doesn't mean you can't. So I'm anxious to hear about my daughter's roommate and see hopefully he's just fighting a cold or something because he's been locked in his room at home. He doesn't come out and she walks his dog for him. And um you know, he works in retail, looks at an old navy and um yeah, I was with around people all day long. It's
just it's hard, very hard. So. Okay, have you done any of these live things before?
Okay. I'm this is my 7th Because originally they said you could do four And then they changed it to six and then I think they upped it to seven. I was counting on my fingers today, I think this is my seventh one. So unless they increase it again, I'm going to be do do you do a lot of the prolific things?
yeah, I do um, crowd tap and if you've ever heard of that, I do that one. Um, user testing. Have you ever done any of those?
Yeah. And D Scout is a new one that I just, Have you ever heard of that one? Do you scout? Yeah.
And a couple of those, um, I used to do them in the morning and then I'm on are the senior citizen thing and you can earn points and then you can buy like I just had $30 worth of petco gift cards is able to get to give to my daughter just by doing like this, watching videos, urine points and then each month you can buy three with your point. It doesn't cost
you anything. I've gotten a couple $100 worth of things, but yes, I like doing and it's uh, you know, it's not going to make you wealthy, but you know, couple dollars here and there is a certainly worth it. But sometimes I wish like on user testing it qualify for more things. But um, it doesn't always work out that way.
So what was your first name?
Rebecca and linda?
Well, I think we have our time unless you want to talk some more.
Oh, that sounds good. That sounds good. So, Okay. Well, nice talking to you Rebecca.
You
too.
Thank you. See you.