SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: what? I'm so glad there's somebody here. I've, I've tried this twice before and the person was a no show. So
SPEAKER_L: I was just like waiting. I was like, hopefully it's not a no show. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hi, my name is Hillary.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, I'm kim Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi kim.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, I don't know if you can hear it, but there's bells tolling in the background.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't hear that. That's nice. I have a fountain playing in the background from our courtyard if you can hear that. But uh
SPEAKER_L: No. Yes. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not really sure what we're supposed to talk about,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't think I have any prompts. So I think we can just talk about whatever.
SPEAKER_L: sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have any topic of interest?
SPEAKER_R: uh, you know, I, I think for the, like the first time I was going to be doing this, I did and that person never showed up and I don't know. I, I, I'm thinking about what I'm gonna do today. I'm going to try and get out for a hike. I'm in North Hampton massachusetts and there are some green areas where if there's no one else, you know, you don't have to wear a mask. So, you know, fingers crossed, I can get out someplace because uh, I find it really difficult to breathe under a mask. I mean, I'm really glad that we can do that, I'm glad we have them, but but yeah, sometimes, especially as it gets warmer, it's getting starting to get a little warm here and it's it's definitely tough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in actually also massachusetts. I'm in boston, but I am from kit kat actually, so switching from like just like being able to walk around wherever like Cape because it's just like more, I guess suburban and not city like and coming to boston like yeah, but I tried going to run for a run with a mask on and it was just very very difficult. There
SPEAKER_R: I've,
SPEAKER_L: we go.
SPEAKER_R: I've done short runs with the mask, but I normally do like a 5 to 6 mile run on Sundays and this is, so they just put new regulations for like, you have to wear a mask on any bike path, etcetera. And yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna see how it goes. It is, it's it's definitely, I mean, I guess you're hopefully your body gets more used to it as you as you do it more. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's just been like something to adjust to recently.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, lots of things to adjust to for, yeah, um so we're all working from home, which is great, um but like just the zoom, you know, zoom meetings, they can so exhausting and I find I get to the end of the day and I'm just completely completely drained and you know it's like you're using a different kind of energy in a way that feels very like not as not as productive. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um one of my cousins, he's having his baby shower through zoom coming up, he sent out like an invite to everyone, like like join us to split the zoom link for like the baby shower. It's kind of cute, but mhm.
SPEAKER_R: my my brother in law and his wife they just got a new dog. Uh And and so we we met the dog via via zoom. She's she's really cute, her name is sloopy but like I'd love to be able to pet her but you know being a here is better, better than nothing. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: like being in the city especially um it's kind of weird because like when I go, if I need to go get groceries or go for a walk or something, there's just so many people outside, it's crazy and he's like, I don't know, it's just like mind blowing. I don't know, like I in my head I expect like not that many people to be outside, but there's actually quite a few people like exercising walking around. Yeah, there's nothing else much to do so.
SPEAKER_R: Uh The Cape is so so nice. I have very fond memories. Um So my my husband used to work for a bookstore that had a branch, opened a branch on the Cape. I can't I can't remember what town it was in but we went out there for a week in like early winter so like it was you know it was cold, it was windy, there weren't that many people and it was just so great. So he had to work in the store but I was just like going out hoping everywhere and and uh you know just long empty stretches of beach with like nobody and just cold wind which I don't mind at all. And it was yeah just spectacularly beautiful. So I hope to get back out there someday since since we're in the western part of the state, you know it's really too far for like a day trip especially with normal you know normal levels of traffic. So. But uh yeah what what part of the Cape are you from?
SPEAKER_L: from like principal or it's not first, yeah, like we are my principal. Thank you. Um Yeah like I grew up there so it's like winter, it's always just like not much to do but it is nice to just like go to the beach with friends even if it's cold
SPEAKER_R: Good. More. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and some.
SPEAKER_R: It must be interesting growing up in a place where there where there's so many tourists at one time of year that it just completely changes it. So I work in Amherst where you masses and there's a kind of a similar feel like when school is in session, the town feels so completely different from when, you know, when there's a break or over the summer. It's so much emptier and quieter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know my brother is actually going there this coming here for college to Yuma sailors. Yeah, he's been doing like his orientation thing online. Like it's coming up like it's kind of like an online session and like all these other things, it's just like, so I had like last year I had my orientation for college like obviously like in person and everything and it's like a fun experience.
SPEAKER_R: So different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but now it's his online and like uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I I I hope so. I work for five colleges incorporated which is the consortium, all connection between the five schools here. Which is, it's actually a very small organization even though like the masses huge. But uh we get to, we hear discussions, they filter down to us about like what's going to happen in the fall and so many different models that the, you know, powers that be, are exploring like all online hybrid, shorter, modular semester chunks, like seven or eight weeks. Like where maybe the first one would be virtual than the second one would be in person. Nobody knows. It's it's
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: such
SPEAKER_L: this thing.
SPEAKER_R: a weird, weird, crazy time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My school, I go to Northeastern here in boston and they can't talk anymore. They're like, yeah, we're planning on opening, but they're still like figuring out all the details and everything. But they're like, yeah, we're working on an opening in the fall. It's kind of crazy. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's and it's really tough especially for for the, you know, smaller schools that don't have a huge endowment. Like it's such a triple whammy because you know, tuition, the endowment has dropped. You know, donations are dropping. It's like, yeah, that's tough.
SPEAKER_L: That's why I think they're gonna try really hard to open for the fall because money. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And like,
SPEAKER_R: for students, like, I mean, I think that's really interesting that one of the things we're seeing is how, you know, online education. Like it it's just such a pale comparison to the in person experience. So like, you know, for students, like do you really want to be spending all this money if you're, if you're only getting the online experience, you want the in person you want on campus? Yeah, we'll see. We'll see how it, how it all
SPEAKER_L: When I was discussing
SPEAKER_R: shakes
SPEAKER_L: it with my,
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: with my parents, so it's like if it's all online, like I'm going to take us on a story I believe like I can't do it on my science major, I can't do three labs online. It's just not like reasonable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, it's totally not saying it's not the same at all. Yeah. I mean, I I enjoy taking like, you know, online classes, moocs kind of things, but it's definitely not like it's it's fun, but it's not the same level of you just can't absorb the same amount of information and just like you learn so much from your fellow students and from just seeing faculty in the halls or labs or whatever. It's just Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Especially like,
SPEAKER_R: Hell no, no.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, especially with like groups of friends or classmates like we had would have like study groups or like, I don't know like sometimes like sunday's usually like all day were spent like in like our dorm lobbies or the library, all just studying together. But at home it's completely different.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. Although I was, I was hearing somebody I work with telling graduates, you know, people are just graduating. This may how one thing to keep in mind is like you're gonna be, you're gonna have this really extra special bond with classmates because you're, you know, the class of the covid classic is going to be, you know, it's gonna be really memorable and a real bonding experience. But yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. A lot of things happening.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel, I feel like there's lots of things that we're gonna like enjoying appreciate so much more once this period is over. Like, you know, going and having dinner in a restaurant is going to be like, wow, I can't believe we get to do this and hang out with people face defend. There's certain things that are going to be going to be uh not taken for granted nearly much,
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Like yeah, going to restaurants like having family like events especially would gather
SPEAKER_R: hugging
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: people friends,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like my family, like my aunt and I'm like my cousins, like on Sundays, like after church, like usually we just have like some coffee, hangout cook. Like do whatever. Like sunday gathering. Little mini gathering thing. But now during this it's like, oh, like facetime. Like hi, how are you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: At least we have this level of technology. Like imagine if this had happened like 10 years ago when there wasn't you know, a zoom and smart and that would be even even more challenging.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah. You even is everything going on there? Mhm. Let's see. Okay. I don't know what else to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: well let's let's think about something to talk about. It's not like pandemic related. Something like like what's your what's your earliest memory from when you were a tiny child was the first thing you remember.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I think my earliest memory, he's like, all right. Um I'm trying to think back. My earliest memory is I I have two memories, I don't know which one came first but I think the earliest one is of um I'm from new york, so back
SPEAKER_R: I'll
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: meet you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh when I still when we're still living in new york, my earliest memories, like one of my birthdays, I don't know which birthday it was, but some of my cousins who are living here in massachusetts had come to busy. I remember like talking to one of my cousins like and he was like oh like come visit me like obviously like very like broken speech because we were younger.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Well that's what I remember.
SPEAKER_R: I have uh one of my earliest memories is of going to daycare and somebody asking me how old I was and I was too shy to say. So I held up four fingers to show that I was four and I like have this vision of like seeing the you know doing this. So I know I was four. I don't know you know you know at what point? Well I guess it would. Yeah. No I don't I don't remember. But then it's interesting how sometimes like I have a memory or I think I have a memory of lying on the floor of our apartment with like the sun shining in but I think there's a photo of that. So do I really remember it or do I need a photo and you know make a memory of of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah members are tricky.
SPEAKER_R: I have a little sister Who is much younger than me so she was like 27 now. And of course we have video of her and it must be true for you like video of like when she was very small and I growing up I never you know, never had video of what I was like when I was little. So it must be a different kind of experience because you can see you can see what you were like even before you can really remember it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Like my parents, they used to take a lot of pictures back in new york, so we have like photo album of han photo album, like so many pictures, family pictures and like me and my brother only like a year apart, so it's just like so many pictures of like us to like I don't know um I think they took us to the statue of liberty one time, so there's pictures of us there, like random museums, parks, a lot of parks.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's cool. So did you and your brother fight a lot when you were growing up? Yeah, because my brother and I are 2.5 years apart, and I you know, I've talked to people when it's further apart like four or five years and they're like no, we didn't find like we fought all the time, like we were each other's best friends, but also worth me
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah, he's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like my best friend, but like we also used to fight so much, but
SPEAKER_R: I think that's
SPEAKER_L: he was also my partner in crime because my mom used to say that when she was showering or something and my dad was at work like I would like hoist him up and he would unlock the door and we would go out and it was just bad because we were in the city, so he was again we after that we're like okay no, we don't want to live here in the city, let's move somewhere else so
SPEAKER_R: Him
SPEAKER_L: we have to get caught.
SPEAKER_R: now, who is older? Your your brother? I'm the older 12 and he would always like, he would always pester me to play with him and I would want to read and go it alone and but yeah, but then we had lots of lots of fun together to lots of yes, lots of getting into trouble. Like I remember my my parents would would go out um you know, like I was babysitting for him way too young, Like I was like eight when he was five. We should not have been left alone but so we would like get into, we would like physically fight with each other like knocking over the furniture and then we would hear the key in the door and then the two of us would run around straightening everything out because we didn't want to get in trouble. Also that alternation between fighting and like solidarity. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It's like um you know, I have like a younger, younger sister, but I didn't really fight that much with her. Like very age difference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Make sense. So your brother is the one who's going to U. Mass.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Yeah. He's excited. That's like that was his number one school. He thinks like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: know, like I was like telling, I was like, oh you should apply to my school. Also like applied in Northeastern. He's like like okay, but I don't really want to go there.
SPEAKER_R: because you wanted you wanted a bigger bigger school.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He's like, he's like I'm about the same place in the same first. I think that's the only like I think he only visited two schools and I think you must was the where is that going to schools he visited.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. Yeah it's I mean it's it's a wonderful wonderful school but it is it's so big, it's a different different flavor.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like I didn't want to go there mainly because like half my high school goes there but but I did visit it and it was really really nice. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So what would branch of science are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in my major's biochemistry right now.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. That's that's awesome. I'm I started out pre-med but like I had no study skills, I failed calculus, I was terrible in history but but like to be part
SPEAKER_L: calculus
SPEAKER_R: of it and I'm in I. T.
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: Now. So I I was a librarian for many years and then kind of switched into pure computers. But science is like my that's like what kind of what I wished I had done. So it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I kind of sick. I really like science and but I could never just like study by chemistry or just biology. Hey, biochemistry is like a little in between thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's sure you're kind of crossing crossing the disciplines, let's let's need
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I have a minor in psychology so I really, really, I love psychology but I didn't want it to be a major, so a little separate yeah um
SPEAKER_R: so different topic. What's your what's your favorite food?
SPEAKER_L: steak. I can never be vegetarian only because of steak.
SPEAKER_R: Interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Not a big fan
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: of chicken.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm a vegetarian, I've been a vegetarian since I was in like Early 20s and I but I miss meat and I love I did love steak actually, I love lots of meat. But but luckily I mean I love I love all food basically and I need eggs and cheese because like cheese is one of my favorite things I could not do without cheese. But it's exciting that there are things like The Impossible burger, which is actually pretty darn good. So I feel like Yeah. Yeah, it is. I mean
SPEAKER_L: I haven't tried it.
SPEAKER_R: it's not it's you know, not like I remember hamburger that much, but it's so it's so delicious compared to any other kind of like,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you know, veggie burger
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: I've ever had that. It's it's really remarkable and I know people who do eat meat who are like, you know, it's pretty tough to tell the difference. I feel like there's, you know, advances coming where I'll be able to enjoy meat like things, but I do think everything over cherries, you save a lot of money because steak is expensive as you know.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't bought any recently but at home my um my dad to cook, so he would like sometimes brings him home from the restaurant. So I'm like okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: But no, I'm not having family chicken or like pork or other things, it's just steak. I feel like I could go vegan if I wanted to because I am also lactose intolerant, so there's like no dairy products or anything. But just that one thing,
SPEAKER_R: So do you like to cook also, did you, did your dad teach you?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, he did teach me, I'm not very good at it. I'm trying to learn right now. He's like when I was younger I was like why don't you know like, but he taught me the basics, but now that I'm not living in an apartment, I'm like, okay, like maybe I should have listened a little bit more, but
SPEAKER_R: Yourself? That that is that's huge.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: So yeah my my parents both cooked some and I learned some from them. But it wasn't until I mean I would always need to follow a recipe until I had been cooking for like you know 10 or 12 years enough to be like okay I can just wing it now and once you can wing it, that's just cool. Because like you can you know I mean not like I can make anything, you can't certain things you can't win. You can't wing pastry you know? But like just anything degrees like from ingredients assemble it. That such a feeling of of power and control that. And especially you know in this situation today is really good to be able to make food that you like for yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And like I'm like, yeah, he taught me the basics, but I kind of just been like teaching myself like other things as
SPEAKER_R: England.
SPEAKER_L: well. Mm Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's certain things that I that I really like that I like my own version the best. And that's the greatest. It's like, you know, I could get this in a restaurant but like, like uh scallion pancakes. I make scan tickets and they're, you know, they're not too greasy and I have the right amount of scallions and like I would rather have my own than get them out someplace. So
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know, make sense. Yeah. Uh I haven't really eaten out much. Like the first week I only came to the city like a couple a couple weeks ago back again like here for college, I left back. But um like the first week before I got all my groceries, like I did order out like from places like Shake shark or like boston burger company, places like that. Like I missed this, but the same time was like, do I really want to be paying all this?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Actually, I mean that's one of the things here in North Hampton, which has always been a big eating out town. You know, a lot of the restaurants are just struggling and so ordering takeout or curbside or whatever. I'm like, I actually feel good about doing this. And I'm gonna tip a lot and you know, these people really, really need it because normally, you know, try not to do treats like that too often. But I'm like, it makes me feel good to do it and for them and that's that's a weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So have you been using prolific a lot? Have you, is that something you've been doing for a long time?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not a long time. I only recently started like three weeks or four weeks ago I think. I was like I was on Reddit and I was just like finding like online
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: sex, I was like, what can I do? I don't have anything to do right now, and I found prolific was like, cool. I think this one will work out well, so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I really like it. So I've been doing it for several years. I was actually checking, I've made like £200 total I think, which took a long time to add up that much, but it's just kind of fun. Like some of the studies are just really interesting and weird and this kind of thing. This is really cool. Um and uh and so I do tend to, I tend to pick things like there's certain ones that is like take a really long time and like, you know, I'd rather do short when it's available, but this, this is the first, the first video thing like this that I've done. So it's nice. I think.
SPEAKER_L: me too. It's kind of like not something you would normally do, so I was like, okay, like let me try it, it's pretty good there. Um Do you need use like any other sites? Like I know there's like um I think like Nevo, I think it's one of another looks like kind of like prolific or any other things
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't because I, so I did check out amazon turk for a while, but that is like, so like they just pay pennies and like that's the good thing about prolific as it's like minimum wage type stuff. Like you know, mostly doing it for fun. But like don't, you know, I don't want to, yeah, I don't want to be doing somebody else's work for like five cents an hour or whatever. So no, I haven't, haven't checked any other ones out. This one I recommended to a friend of mine who lost her job and she was looking for stuff and so she's been, she's been doing stuff on it too. It's uh,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so what was, what was the name of the other site? Navio?
SPEAKER_L: it was Nevo, I think it was like, I looked into
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it and I've been doing like some things, but like, I don't really pay much attention to it. It's kind of like, like you're saying like the amazon thing, it did like tasks and like oh like six cents
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: for time.
SPEAKER_R: it's boring. Like it's boring and tedious. Like the prolific is interesting Like you never know what the what the study is going to be about. I mean I do find some some of the like when it's a long long long list of scales like extremely to not extremely like you know pages and pages get really tiring but but sometimes it's interesting. Have you got any of the ones that show you pictures and stuff? Like there's there's a phone then where you you know you bring the picture closer push it farther away and that's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: of weird.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't had that one but it had like my foot, I had like a survey the other day. He was like pictures and how do you feel after seeing them kind of thing? Yeah. And then I like um there's like a website called research Match, like I think we should try dot org and they like just like send your emails like oh you might be a good fit for like this research study or this survey whatever. And then like some of them don't compensate the demographic data, do it if it's not a long time, I'll do it if it's a long time like uh but some of them do compensate and I got like $15 Amazon gift cards from doing this survey. I was like, Okay, like let me do this. Uh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've done some in person stuff at U. Mass which has been fun. Like there was one that was an audio uh test like testing hearing range and and it turned out like I have like deafness in one ear that I never knew about. And so there was just kind of cool and there was one that was a walking gait study where like they, you know, put sensors on you and have you walk and time you. And I'm just always, I feel like that kind of stuff like just basic research is it's cool to do. It's fun to want to participate in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just like I was like, I want to see the results of the school. Like what, like how did I do? Like what are the results? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, so I guess it's been about 30 minutes, 25 ish. 20 seven minutes.
SPEAKER_L: I think so.
SPEAKER_R: It was really, really fun talking to you. Thank you for showing up. Like I said, I tried before I didn't get anybody. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, of course. Yeah. It's really nice conversation, something I wouldn't try normally, but it was it was nice.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well listen to have a wonderful summer and I hope we all get to go out and eat out again and have hug people and and get back to normal life someday when it's have a have a really, really good, good experience in Northeastern. I hope your brother has a wonderful time at U. Mass and
SPEAKER_L: probably. Well, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: in, taken
SPEAKER_L: meeting you
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: too. You too.