Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
I was just like waiting. I was like, hopefully it's not a no show. Mhm
Hi, I'm kim Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, I don't know if you can hear it, but there's bells tolling in the background.
No. Yes. So
I'm not really sure what we're supposed to talk about,
sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have any topic of interest?
Yeah, I'm in actually also massachusetts. I'm in boston, but I am from kit kat actually, so switching from like just like being able to walk around wherever like Cape because it's just like more, I guess suburban and not city like and coming to boston like yeah, but I tried going to run for a run with a mask on and it was just very very difficult. There
we go.
It's just been like something to adjust to recently.
Um one of my cousins, he's having his baby shower through zoom coming up, he sent out like an invite to everyone, like like join us to split the zoom link for like the baby shower. It's kind of cute, but mhm.
like being in the city especially um it's kind of weird because like when I go, if I need to go get groceries or go for a walk or something, there's just so many people outside, it's crazy and he's like, I don't know, it's just like mind blowing. I don't know, like I in my head I expect like not that many people to be outside, but there's actually quite a few people like exercising walking around. Yeah, there's nothing else much to do so.
from like principal or it's not first, yeah, like we are my principal. Thank you. Um Yeah like I grew up there so it's like winter, it's always just like not much to do but it is nice to just like go to the beach with friends even if it's cold
and some.
Yeah. I know my brother is actually going there this coming here for college to Yuma sailors. Yeah, he's been doing like his orientation thing online. Like it's coming up like it's kind of like an online session and like all these other things, it's just like, so I had like last year I had my orientation for college like obviously like in person and everything and it's like a fun experience.
Yeah, but now it's his online and like uh
Do
this thing.
Yeah. My school, I go to Northeastern here in boston and they can't talk anymore. They're like, yeah, we're planning on opening, but they're still like figuring out all the details and everything. But they're like, yeah, we're working on an opening in the fall. It's kind of crazy. But yeah.
That's why I think they're gonna try really hard to open for the fall because money. Yeah.
And like,
When I was discussing
it with my,
with my parents, so it's like if it's all online, like I'm going to take us on a story I believe like I can't do it on my science major, I can't do three labs online. It's just not like reasonable.
Yeah. Especially like,
yeah, especially with like groups of friends or classmates like we had would have like study groups or like, I don't know like sometimes like sunday's usually like all day were spent like in like our dorm lobbies or the library, all just studying together. But at home it's completely different.
Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. A lot of things happening.
Mm. Like yeah, going to restaurants like having family like events especially would gather
like,
Yeah. Like my family, like my aunt and I'm like my cousins, like on Sundays, like after church, like usually we just have like some coffee, hangout cook. Like do whatever. Like sunday gathering. Little mini gathering thing. But now during this it's like, oh, like facetime. Like hi, how are you? Yeah.
And yeah. You even is everything going on there? Mhm. Let's see. Okay. I don't know what else to talk about.
Oh, I think my earliest memory, he's like, all right. Um I'm trying to think back. My earliest memory is I I have two memories, I don't know which one came first but I think the earliest one is of um I'm from new york, so back
in
Uh when I still when we're still living in new york, my earliest memories, like one of my birthdays, I don't know which birthday it was, but some of my cousins who are living here in massachusetts had come to busy. I remember like talking to one of my cousins like and he was like oh like come visit me like obviously like very like broken speech because we were younger.
Well that's what I remember.
Yeah members are tricky.
Mhm. Like my parents, they used to take a lot of pictures back in new york, so we have like photo album of han photo album, like so many pictures, family pictures and like me and my brother only like a year apart, so it's just like so many pictures of like us to like I don't know um I think they took us to the statue of liberty one time, so there's pictures of us there, like random museums, parks, a lot of parks.
mm. Yeah, he's
like my best friend, but like we also used to fight so much, but
he was also my partner in crime because my mom used to say that when she was showering or something and my dad was at work like I would like hoist him up and he would unlock the door and we would go out and it was just bad because we were in the city, so he was again we after that we're like okay no, we don't want to live here in the city, let's move somewhere else so
we have to get caught.
It's like um you know, I have like a younger, younger sister, but I didn't really fight that much with her. Like very age difference. Yeah.
Mm hmm. Yeah. He's excited. That's like that was his number one school. He thinks like, I don't
know, like I was like telling, I was like, oh you should apply to my school. Also like applied in Northeastern. He's like like okay, but I don't really want to go there.
Yeah. He's like, he's like I'm about the same place in the same first. I think that's the only like I think he only visited two schools and I think you must was the where is that going to schools he visited.
Yeah like I didn't want to go there mainly because like half my high school goes there but but I did visit it and it was really really nice. Yeah,
I'm in my major's biochemistry right now.
calculus
it is.
I kind of sick. I really like science and but I could never just like study by chemistry or just biology. Hey, biochemistry is like a little in between thing.
Yeah and I have a minor in psychology so I really, really, I love psychology but I didn't want it to be a major, so a little separate yeah um
steak. I can never be vegetarian only because of steak.
Not a big fan
of chicken.
I haven't tried it.
Like
me.
I haven't bought any recently but at home my um my dad to cook, so he would like sometimes brings him home from the restaurant. So I'm like okay.
But no, I'm not having family chicken or like pork or other things, it's just steak. I feel like I could go vegan if I wanted to because I am also lactose intolerant, so there's like no dairy products or anything. But just that one thing,
yeah, he did teach me, I'm not very good at it. I'm trying to learn right now. He's like when I was younger I was like why don't you know like, but he taught me the basics, but now that I'm not living in an apartment, I'm like, okay, like maybe I should have listened a little bit more, but
But
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And like I'm like, yeah, he taught me the basics, but I kind of just been like teaching myself like other things as
well. Mm Yeah.
You
know, make sense. Yeah. Uh I haven't really eaten out much. Like the first week I only came to the city like a couple a couple weeks ago back again like here for college, I left back. But um like the first week before I got all my groceries, like I did order out like from places like Shake shark or like boston burger company, places like that. Like I missed this, but the same time was like, do I really want to be paying all this?
Yeah.
Um Not a long time. I only recently started like three weeks or four weeks ago I think. I was like I was on Reddit and I was just like finding like online
sex, I was like, what can I do? I don't have anything to do right now, and I found prolific was like, cool. I think this one will work out well, so.
me too. It's kind of like not something you would normally do, so I was like, okay, like let me try it, it's pretty good there. Um Do you need use like any other sites? Like I know there's like um I think like Nevo, I think it's one of another looks like kind of like prolific or any other things
like that.
And
it was Nevo, I think it was like, I looked into
it and I've been doing like some things, but like, I don't really pay much attention to it. It's kind of like, like you're saying like the amazon thing, it did like tasks and like oh like six cents
for time.
I
don't
I haven't had that one but it had like my foot, I had like a survey the other day. He was like pictures and how do you feel after seeing them kind of thing? Yeah. And then I like um there's like a website called research Match, like I think we should try dot org and they like just like send your emails like oh you might be a good fit for like this research study or this survey whatever. And then like some of them don't compensate the demographic data, do it if it's not a long time, I'll do it if it's a long time like uh but some of them do compensate and I got like $15 Amazon gift cards from doing this survey. I was like, Okay, like let me do this. Uh.
Yeah. I just like I was like, I want to see the results of the school. Like what, like how did I do? Like what are the results? Yeah.
I think so.
Yeah, of course. Yeah. It's really nice conversation, something I wouldn't try normally, but it was it was nice.
probably. Well, thank you.
meeting you
too. You too.