what? I'm so glad there's somebody here. I've, I've tried this twice before and the person was a no show. So
Hi, my name is Hillary.
Hi kim.
Well, I don't hear that. That's nice. I have a fountain playing in the background from our courtyard if you can hear that. But uh
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't think I have any prompts. So I think we can just talk about whatever.
uh, you know, I, I think for the, like the first time I was going to be doing this, I did and that person never showed up and I don't know. I, I, I'm thinking about what I'm gonna do today. I'm going to try and get out for a hike. I'm in North Hampton massachusetts and there are some green areas where if there's no one else, you know, you don't have to wear a mask. So, you know, fingers crossed, I can get out someplace because uh, I find it really difficult to breathe under a mask. I mean, I'm really glad that we can do that, I'm glad we have them, but but yeah, sometimes, especially as it gets warmer, it's getting starting to get a little warm here and it's it's definitely tough.
I've,
I've done short runs with the mask, but I normally do like a 5 to 6 mile run on Sundays and this is, so they just put new regulations for like, you have to wear a mask on any bike path, etcetera. And yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna see how it goes. It is, it's it's definitely, I mean, I guess you're hopefully your body gets more used to it as you as you do it more. Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, lots of things to adjust to for, yeah, um so we're all working from home, which is great, um but like just the zoom, you know, zoom meetings, they can so exhausting and I find I get to the end of the day and I'm just completely completely drained and you know it's like you're using a different kind of energy in a way that feels very like not as not as productive. Yeah.
my my brother in law and his wife they just got a new dog. Uh And and so we we met the dog via via zoom. She's she's really cute, her name is sloopy but like I'd love to be able to pet her but you know being a here is better, better than nothing. Uh huh.
Uh The Cape is so so nice. I have very fond memories. Um So my my husband used to work for a bookstore that had a branch, opened a branch on the Cape. I can't I can't remember what town it was in but we went out there for a week in like early winter so like it was you know it was cold, it was windy, there weren't that many people and it was just so great. So he had to work in the store but I was just like going out hoping everywhere and and uh you know just long empty stretches of beach with like nobody and just cold wind which I don't mind at all. And it was yeah just spectacularly beautiful. So I hope to get back out there someday since since we're in the western part of the state, you know it's really too far for like a day trip especially with normal you know normal levels of traffic. So. But uh yeah what what part of the Cape are you from?
Good. More. Yeah.
It must be interesting growing up in a place where there where there's so many tourists at one time of year that it just completely changes it. So I work in Amherst where you masses and there's a kind of a similar feel like when school is in session, the town feels so completely different from when, you know, when there's a break or over the summer. It's so much emptier and quieter.
So different.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I I I hope so. I work for five colleges incorporated which is the consortium, all connection between the five schools here. Which is, it's actually a very small organization even though like the masses huge. But uh we get to, we hear discussions, they filter down to us about like what's going to happen in the fall and so many different models that the, you know, powers that be, are exploring like all online hybrid, shorter, modular semester chunks, like seven or eight weeks. Like where maybe the first one would be virtual than the second one would be in person. Nobody knows. It's it's
such
a weird, weird, crazy time.
Yeah. I mean it's and it's really tough especially for for the, you know, smaller schools that don't have a huge endowment. Like it's such a triple whammy because you know, tuition, the endowment has dropped. You know, donations are dropping. It's like, yeah, that's tough.
Yeah.
for students, like, I mean, I think that's really interesting that one of the things we're seeing is how, you know, online education. Like it it's just such a pale comparison to the in person experience. So like, you know, for students, like do you really want to be spending all this money if you're, if you're only getting the online experience, you want the in person you want on campus? Yeah, we'll see. We'll see how it, how it all
shakes
up.
Yeah. You know, it's totally not saying it's not the same at all. Yeah. I mean, I I enjoy taking like, you know, online classes, moocs kind of things, but it's definitely not like it's it's fun, but it's not the same level of you just can't absorb the same amount of information and just like you learn so much from your fellow students and from just seeing faculty in the halls or labs or whatever. It's just Yeah.
Hell no, no.
Uh Yeah. Although I was, I was hearing somebody I work with telling graduates, you know, people are just graduating. This may how one thing to keep in mind is like you're gonna be, you're gonna have this really extra special bond with classmates because you're, you know, the class of the covid classic is going to be, you know, it's gonna be really memorable and a real bonding experience. But yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah. I feel, I feel like there's lots of things that we're gonna like enjoying appreciate so much more once this period is over. Like, you know, going and having dinner in a restaurant is going to be like, wow, I can't believe we get to do this and hang out with people face defend. There's certain things that are going to be going to be uh not taken for granted nearly much,
hugging
people friends,
At least we have this level of technology. Like imagine if this had happened like 10 years ago when there wasn't you know, a zoom and smart and that would be even even more challenging.
well let's let's think about something to talk about. It's not like pandemic related. Something like like what's your what's your earliest memory from when you were a tiny child was the first thing you remember.
I'll
meet you. Yeah.
What?
I have uh one of my earliest memories is of going to daycare and somebody asking me how old I was and I was too shy to say. So I held up four fingers to show that I was four and I like have this vision of like seeing the you know doing this. So I know I was four. I don't know you know you know at what point? Well I guess it would. Yeah. No I don't I don't remember. But then it's interesting how sometimes like I have a memory or I think I have a memory of lying on the floor of our apartment with like the sun shining in but I think there's a photo of that. So do I really remember it or do I need a photo and you know make a memory of of that.
I have a little sister Who is much younger than me so she was like 27 now. And of course we have video of her and it must be true for you like video of like when she was very small and I growing up I never you know, never had video of what I was like when I was little. So it must be a different kind of experience because you can see you can see what you were like even before you can really remember it.
Mhm. That's cool. So did you and your brother fight a lot when you were growing up? Yeah, because my brother and I are 2.5 years apart, and I you know, I've talked to people when it's further apart like four or five years and they're like no, we didn't find like we fought all the time, like we were each other's best friends, but also worth me
and
I think that's
Him
now, who is older? Your your brother? I'm the older 12 and he would always like, he would always pester me to play with him and I would want to read and go it alone and but yeah, but then we had lots of lots of fun together to lots of yes, lots of getting into trouble. Like I remember my my parents would would go out um you know, like I was babysitting for him way too young, Like I was like eight when he was five. We should not have been left alone but so we would like get into, we would like physically fight with each other like knocking over the furniture and then we would hear the key in the door and then the two of us would run around straightening everything out because we didn't want to get in trouble. Also that alternation between fighting and like solidarity. Uh huh.
Make sense. So your brother is the one who's going to U. Mass.
Not
because you wanted you wanted a bigger bigger school.
Oh that's cool. Yeah it's I mean it's it's a wonderful wonderful school but it is it's so big, it's a different different flavor.
So what would branch of science are you studying?
Cool. That's that's awesome. I'm I started out pre-med but like I had no study skills, I failed calculus, I was terrible in history but but like to be part
of it and I'm in I. T.
Now. So I I was a librarian for many years and then kind of switched into pure computers. But science is like my that's like what kind of what I wished I had done. So it's cool.
Yeah. Yeah. That's sure you're kind of crossing crossing the disciplines, let's let's need
so different topic. What's your what's your favorite food?
Interesting.
So
I mean I'm a vegetarian, I've been a vegetarian since I was in like Early 20s and I but I miss meat and I love I did love steak actually, I love lots of meat. But but luckily I mean I love I love all food basically and I need eggs and cheese because like cheese is one of my favorite things I could not do without cheese. But it's exciting that there are things like The Impossible burger, which is actually pretty darn good. So I feel like Yeah. Yeah, it is. I mean
it's not it's you know, not like I remember hamburger that much, but it's so it's so delicious compared to any other kind of like,
you know, veggie burger
I've ever had that. It's it's really remarkable and I know people who do eat meat who are like, you know, it's pretty tough to tell the difference. I feel like there's, you know, advances coming where I'll be able to enjoy meat like things, but I do think everything over cherries, you save a lot of money because steak is expensive as you know.
Uh huh.
So do you like to cook also, did you, did your dad teach you?
Yourself? That that is that's huge.
So yeah my my parents both cooked some and I learned some from them. But it wasn't until I mean I would always need to follow a recipe until I had been cooking for like you know 10 or 12 years enough to be like okay I can just wing it now and once you can wing it, that's just cool. Because like you can you know I mean not like I can make anything, you can't certain things you can't win. You can't wing pastry you know? But like just anything degrees like from ingredients assemble it. That such a feeling of of power and control that. And especially you know in this situation today is really good to be able to make food that you like for yourself.
England.
Yeah. There's certain things that I that I really like that I like my own version the best. And that's the greatest. It's like, you know, I could get this in a restaurant but like, like uh scallion pancakes. I make scan tickets and they're, you know, they're not too greasy and I have the right amount of scallions and like I would rather have my own than get them out someplace. So
that's
Yeah. Actually, I mean that's one of the things here in North Hampton, which has always been a big eating out town. You know, a lot of the restaurants are just struggling and so ordering takeout or curbside or whatever. I'm like, I actually feel good about doing this. And I'm gonna tip a lot and you know, these people really, really need it because normally, you know, try not to do treats like that too often. But I'm like, it makes me feel good to do it and for them and that's that's a weird.
So have you been using prolific a lot? Have you, is that something you've been doing for a long time?
I mean,
yeah, I really like it. So I've been doing it for several years. I was actually checking, I've made like £200 total I think, which took a long time to add up that much, but it's just kind of fun. Like some of the studies are just really interesting and weird and this kind of thing. This is really cool. Um and uh and so I do tend to, I tend to pick things like there's certain ones that is like take a really long time and like, you know, I'd rather do short when it's available, but this, this is the first, the first video thing like this that I've done. So it's nice. I think.
No,
I haven't because I, so I did check out amazon turk for a while, but that is like, so like they just pay pennies and like that's the good thing about prolific as it's like minimum wage type stuff. Like you know, mostly doing it for fun. But like don't, you know, I don't want to, yeah, I don't want to be doing somebody else's work for like five cents an hour or whatever. So no, I haven't, haven't checked any other ones out. This one I recommended to a friend of mine who lost her job and she was looking for stuff and so she's been, she's been doing stuff on it too. It's uh,
so what was, what was the name of the other site? Navio?
No.
And
it's boring. Like it's boring and tedious. Like the prolific is interesting Like you never know what the what the study is going to be about. I mean I do find some some of the like when it's a long long long list of scales like extremely to not extremely like you know pages and pages get really tiring but but sometimes it's interesting. Have you got any of the ones that show you pictures and stuff? Like there's there's a phone then where you you know you bring the picture closer push it farther away and that's
kind
of weird.
Yeah I've done some in person stuff at U. Mass which has been fun. Like there was one that was an audio uh test like testing hearing range and and it turned out like I have like deafness in one ear that I never knew about. And so there was just kind of cool and there was one that was a walking gait study where like they, you know, put sensors on you and have you walk and time you. And I'm just always, I feel like that kind of stuff like just basic research is it's cool to do. It's fun to want to participate in.
Well, so I guess it's been about 30 minutes, 25 ish. 20 seven minutes.
It was really, really fun talking to you. Thank you for showing up. Like I said, I tried before I didn't get anybody. So
yeah, well listen to have a wonderful summer and I hope we all get to go out and eat out again and have hug people and and get back to normal life someday when it's have a have a really, really good, good experience in Northeastern. I hope your brother has a wonderful time at U. Mass and
in, taken
out.