Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm. God. Yeah. Mm, mm. Uh huh Uh huh. Well, okay. Yeah. New studies available on prolific. Mhm. Mhm Yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm position yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm Okay. New studies available on paralympic. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh, Mhm Oh. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm
Hi.
Yeah, I can see you.
I'm good. How are you?
So I think we're both stuck in this conversation.
I know
that was kind of because of my white 25 minutes. What do they want with this?
I have no idea. One segment is calling. I'll just, yeah, so I guess we could get started with this uh so high, I'm sorry, rob um what's your name?
Chris, chris um So where do you live chris
I'm in New Jersey.
Where?
Yeah. So you take the satin island route, Verrazano bridge. Yeah.
no, no, no, I'm from New york city actually originally. So I lived in new york city for like, it's 14 years of my life. I just moved to New Jersey because I go to Rutgers. So I was like in state tuition, you know, save some money.
So basically like I've already like, I was the local light of new york. I didn't like sightseeing that much. But like when I went out with my girlfriend, I would like take her around and stuff.
like it's normal. Like she was like, oh, let's go see the Empire State building. My bro, that line is huge.
Thanks.
She's from New Jersey.
I took her I think in january, but she's only been there before for with like family visits, never like sightseeing and stuff. So I was like, I'll take you to my, you know, like usual
areas, like where I used to go and hang out with my friends, so
it's nice.
Oh no, she hated it. I'm like, I don't know how I feel anymore.
How are you going to do this
on
new york?
I know. I'm like $1 pizza. Hello, Where are you going to get that?
No,
of
course. Yeah. Hello cards and all those. Yeah, it's
amazing.
No,
because we went for pizza. She's like, I'm full, I'm like, okay, whatever you say,
it's
fine. But like, I really like, I'm from queens new york, so I live like kind of in the suburbs I guess if
they
want to.
So I'm like, if you, have you seen the Spiderman movies? The new ones from
marvel.
The one with Tom Holland, The one where they introduce Spider man.
So the high school they showed in homecoming was right next to my house. Yeah,
I was from their sound like that's
that's
that
I was there. How
did I not see the filming crew? We
have and no, I didn't. That's why
I'm
like huh? Yeah, I guess because I want to I lived in queens but I went to Brooklyn for our high school, so I went to Brooklyn Tech in high school, so I was like I had to take the train. I was like uh
believe
it.
it was one
of
the specialist high schools in new york.
and they were like I think 11 but each like specialized in its own thing and Brooklyn tech was like technical and
I'm
like they were not technical at all, everything was breaking down.
Like they've been alive for like 98 years now, so like you know, I guess they have that establishment in new york.
Mhm. I'm
studying with the
uh yeah I'm not living in Rutgers so my parents um like they bought a house here so I'm just like living with them now.
Alright watching because even next semester they've made it all online and I'm like hello? Why?
but like I guess it's smarter because like if they just like through everyone in in september it's just not gonna end well.
parties are gonna be crazy
because you know they're going back. I'm
like you know I remind
the party's been like hey trying
to
not
die. Oh
God, it's bad
electrical and computer. Mm
I'm
indian, what can I say?
We
love
engineering.
What do they do?
I haven't thought it, but I like I don't I haven't heard anyone using it anymore.
It's
all right. It's all right. I have heard it though, it's ok.
but like mainly they focus on like C c plus plus python, those those languages. So
like
the
back
then.
there you go. You got all the back end language.
Mhm. Yeah, of course. Yeah.
No, no, there are some people who don't know.
And
yeah, you can
because it's an automated language, so currently I'm going to be I'm using it as a
no,
no, like I know because I'm doing a project with it. So um my projects like an adversarial machine learning project, so we attack voice assistant system, so like your google home your Alexis, like we're attacking it using pipe on, but like its automated like it's learning itself and stuff, so I'm just let me reply to this person because she's going to kill me.
basically she needs help with homework and I'm like I can't help with my friend can so just go text her. Like I'll just send you to her. Uh
Yeah like what I was saying. Yeah. So basically so are right now they take in like our voice data and uh we convert it and we change it around. So let's say your voice. If you said something to the google home, it would take it as my voice and not do the thing. Oh
exactly. So like if you ever like um Alexa Venmo, my friend, $2 it will be like no,
not
doing it. Who are you?
And
so it was supposed to be in person where we were actually like we first made the code and we created the program and then we would make our own google like voices system systems and then attack them. But because of the coronavirus we're all um like we're all remote so we're just like I guess we're just making the code, we're testing it out on um local Softwares that people have already made with voice assistant systems so we like download them, we import them and we just attack it.
so
like it would like learn more phrases and then using that it would like change it up even more.
exactly. So then it would like let's say it would take your friends um voice and then it would take my voice and then it would mix and match it so that it wouldn't even work at all if you don't know who you are at all bro, you
aren't even
one person down
each. Exactly.
my
it prolific. I got the chrome extension So every
time like I'm doing something it's just like you studies available. I'm like I'm in a meeting right now bro, I can't do this. But but yeah, what made you get on prolific?
But.
Just
well
okay now my friend um does prolific so he was like rob free money. I'm like your money
you're saying?
Yeah. How much have you like how long have you been in prolific? Oh.
Hey we like that 50 bucks. That's a whole video game.
Well
the
yeah, I play called Duty League of Legends and the basic stuff
technically. Yes, because like right now I can't like my, I didn't hook up my Xbox on internet.
I'm just like so far everyone's using the PC at home so I'm like, you know what, I'll just move to pC.
It's
I'm booked. It was kind of in the beginning, but like, I've been playing for like, I guess a year now, so like I'm just using the controls, but
like
no, I use the controller for like single player games. That's it.
Bye.
so bad because everyone sees me on Pc. So there like, so rob, you have to be a god. I'm like, well I'm not a god, I can be a god on the controller. I know how to do that. I can't do it here yet. Take time. But like slowly like, I guess like when I got into for like two months, I was like entirely on the Call of Duty grind. So I would just play Call of Duty. Like whenever I had the chance, I'd like started up and like play
at
one point I was like getting the kills and they were like okay, so rob and then we went back to my craft. So then when we went back to cotton like shoot, I forgot
because I lost the entire like reflexes because my craft isn't like a lot of reflexes more
like
yeah. And then I don't know where it's like, okay, let's go shoot people and like, huh?
ignorant.
Exactly before they see me, I have to shoot them. Uh huh
Yeah, but it's, I need to see sip file. Okay, I'm getting yelled at by my girlfriend now
I need the zip file. Like what zip?
she's a chemical engineer. Oh but
yes, she's a chemical engineer. And like I guess her hardest class would be work. Oh chemistry. But then he loves everything else. She loves genetics and like mutations and stuff. So like trying to get into the field where you can do like cloning genetic mutations and like all that. And I'm just like, I don't understand
you
just said. I
am
not
in
that. Exactly. I don't know what those are. She will give a whole lecture on it if she
could.
But
I came in, I would be like, I don't know what you're saying. I'm going to sleep.
I'll
talk about my circuits all you want. I got there.
Yeah. I've seen all the tech language. Okay.
Like I haven't done or do you know? Um I'm in um I Tripoli so okay. Like occasionally we would do projects, like many projects are ourselves. And um one of the things was like, you know the car sensors that we have in the, like in a car now? Um when you back up it starts beeping depending
on
the
exactly.
So I made that on or do we know? Yes.
So then we attached it to our robot that so it was like a mix of multiple little project that we put together. So
we made a robot that would move and fine. But if it was backing the sensor would like stop it at one point. So to part.
Yeah. And then we started like later on we got like extra creative were like let's make an obstacle course
and see if you can survive
it.
I guess it failed.
We didn't have enough code
like I guess um that was right before quarantine started. Yeah.
like we have a whole half a year were good and then quarantine came were like we don't have any
time. So then we were like well whenever we come back we'll just do it ourselves because it's like it's not a it's not like a competitive project is more of like our own like what we are bored and we just want to do
no.
Um So it's part of the club so um like we funded it ourselves by doing fundraisers and like companies they sponsor us. So
like um Capital One um what is the Lockheed martin? L. Three Harris? Well they're together now but um video all those companies, they give us some money at like, like
every
night.
Yeah and video gaming
like I think Capital One, they got really, they liked us because like they came to one of the school's career fairs and like someone from my Tripoli really impressed them. And then the guy was
like,
you should
come
to one
of our meetings like you know, have a little spiel like, oh, you know, you have these internships available blah blah blah.
So
we're trying to like deal with that. I'm like, okay,
I'm
the treasurer. I just deal with the money
now.
hmm.
We love to take care of the money.
Is that who had
that? Who has the power in the end? Okay. Your president. But I control where the money goes.
Oh, it's a job.
I think you should pick that up,
wouldn't.
where
did you?
okay.
I mean, I'm good. I think we got a Kindle now, you know, I
guess I kind of missed the library. It was fun. Like during when we were small, we would all just like go to the library if we were born. And then they had those computers. So we just played the pinball game the whole day.
So like this was like yes 2007. Like the computer games weren't that advanced
but like internet internet was like getting there like it was there but it was like getting there so like some people just didn't have the internet on the computer. So then um there was like a pre built game called the machine
on
the yeah it was a pinball machine. So you just left and right keys for the pinball thing.
Yeah the flipper.
I don't either that someone like the pinball thing.
Yes I've failed
every time.
I I okay I understand the numbers. To a certain extent. It was at a point where the first button I clicked was the bomb. Yeah. Yeah.
What
else? At least give me one place where I can you know? Not yet. But like the numbers I guess ones are really easy. It's like if there's a line of ones and you have the entire line above it, you can do the entire line below. Exactly. I was this close to finishing
one red this close and then out of nowhere like I guess I it was two spots and it was I think the number yeah three. Yeah it was a number three.
So I'm just
yeah and I'm like which one? What
are
you?
I swear I took me an hour just to get there and then my mom remembers I was so stressed
while trying
to do
that
because I was in the living room when I was playing it and I'm just like mom, I can't find them. I
she was like click somewhere else. I'm like where
what
if I click the bomb there goes my life.
You can't just like leave it.
Yeah. There was a bombing.
no, I remember it. So I had this one really old pc is from eat machines. It's still
using Windows. Windows vista. Like it at
all.
It's not even extreme. Just so like their games like max Payne, age of empires, all of those like old gains. And I'm just like, I want to start this up again. But the issue is if I just connected to the internet, it automatically crashes because there was so much, so many. I guess it was like some games came with malware.
You wanted free games who wants to pay 20 bucks per game? Like my cousin, like I guess download, he like downloaded it all onto a disk. Didn't realize they had malware somewhere
and I downloaded it and just installed. I'm like, what do I do? So that my dad's like just disconnected to the internet, how is it going to work if it's not connected? Oh my you're
So then I just, I guess I just play in single player games on that now.
God.
that was a huge thing
with the victoria.
So my friend actually went before Bitcoin like exploded like a year before he was telling me he was like so rob we should mind for Bitcoin. And I looked at him, I'm like, are you dumb?
Yeah
I'm like
you're going to spend $1000 to make multiple pcs were just mining one coin or a month. Like are you gonna like are you okay?
And then he was like, you know what? I guess so because it was more of like the investment part, it was like we had to spend that much and didn't return as much at
the time. Exactly, you know, like, and then a year later he hits me up he was like, I hate you. I'm like, what does I do? I'm not investing $1000 for something to pay me back a year later. Like my mother and father would be like, what the hell is wrong with you?
What? Uh Then I felt like it was like up to 20,000 per coin and I'm like,
I'm like, oh, it's okay, I'll just get you food.
Exactly. I'll just buy you food and you know, it alls well, that ends well, but what do you do for work?
really?
Yeah, it's all right. It's getting giving back to the community.
Very late
bag,
you know?
Actually,
it's
like, okay, did we get money? We've got money.
we finally got the money.
that's
mhm. It's articles
in the end. It's putting your name out there, you know?
that's your choice. I want one of those. I
don't
even
I don't even have a husky and I got it. I'm like
it's
okay. You know, I finally found someone write
stuff.
Thank
you.
Those who have huskies will enjoy them. Those who don't will be like, what the hell
They assigned it to you and you have to research and get that. Why?
What
I want,
Wait a minute. I
think I'm
missing out. I think I'm missing out here. That's college students will do anything for
me.
Like
I have some interview at one o'clock with
this is like weird sales um company, I think they're making me sell knives. I don't know.
So
it's like I
just
private.
No, it's all online now.
Yeah so then they're like base salaries, 17 bucks. And I'm like what flexible schedule, 17 bucks we already
count
like.
Hello. It's not like I have anything else to do with my summer.
Just trying.
like I want to see that in written though before are
like
there was like a lot of money like unless you're making that money back, how are you paying them?
I
don't like what if I don't make any sales like my whole career there like anyway still get paid
keep.
I don't know. That's what like that I guess the meeting at one, I'm just gonna be like hey can you like send me a lot like a list of like you know this of like can you explain it in writing? Because then I guess I guess I'm because I wanted to be a lawyer for a really long time.
No, I still like I think like I have the L SAT books and I like I might start prepping like next month or so. I always say next month or so
and never had started. But like basically like I'm like I've seen like if you want to get something you have to have it written. You
know
anything I'm at you, you know what, I'll sue you. I have it and
written.
I think
I will tell you your
money will do anything now.
But like it's fun. It's laid back. I heard so I'm like, you know what, it's nice
and Mhm.
I
not really, I thought Navia and I'm like wait no, that's not the same
thing.
I'm
limited. It's not that much.
It's a learning experience though.
Mhm.
Oh, six months times 500
30 bucks.
I pretty much I agreed.
no,
no, no. Where
it's not computer automated. So we're already taking like online voices. So that's like originally we were going to make our own voices in the in person, but I guess now
we have
to use
it on. Yeah, I don't like, okay, and then online. So I guess like there was this one company that just made like 500 voices. It
might be that, yeah, it might be them. I'm like, I don't know, I just downloaded it so that we can use it for our project. So we have like 500 voice messages. No one knows who, no one what they say. We just know we have it.
Exactly. Yeah, it was like 95% accuracy and I'm like, okay, we like 95%
that's
grade.
I'm
student, 70% is great for me.
Exactly. C's get degrees.
So that's the engineering model.
Engineering classes are not a class. You can easily get an A on and those who get and they are the people who are getting the big bucks.
And we have a happy life, happy
wife, happy life.
You know laid back job. We're telling got time for the kids and stuff.
Who needs everything?
I love that. What's your favorite halo game though?
that's a really? That was actually the first halo game I play.
I
don't really like I'm like I love all. Hello.
exactly. So I was originally console for like a long time and that's when like I was like a good player like you know, I could play everything I want who now
again? Yes,
I'm gonna
be C but I actually like um so I mean did they enter the project I told you about is with my internship? So I'm getting paid for my internship
in a bit and I'm about to like buy a new pc
the life. Yeah,
you should definitely pick that. That's a second phone call.
am to
you
wrote.
Go talk to your wife. It's
more important.
All
See I think nice for me. Nice to meet you.