I
hope you
do.
You're so far.
What
happened?
I'll try my best to try my best
score.
Well,
quick.
I'm so glad you you showed up because my um I had two previous
um this thing going on, but none of them showed up, so I wasn't expecting um partner, but here you are.
wow. I don't know why people sign up and they don't show up.
Oh no, come on. You're young, You look young.
Oh no, those are just all signs of like, the education is smart.
I am in new york city. What about you?
busy city.
No artists, no artist.
Um I yeah, pretty much. Um I moved here actually um from south Korea when I was 16. Yeah. And ever since then I just live here
um at this point I don't know if you like it or dislike it, it just like my life is here, so my friends and you know like my family, everyone is here and my career. Um So I'm like living in Yeah. What about you, have you moved to from somewhere else to Chicago or your?
I was going to say like you lived in san Francisco and now like Chicago it's like very
um kind of similar but like different busy city.
Yeah all those main major cities that you worked and lived.
That's
great.
It's
so
expensive. It like it was expensive but because of covid prices just like gone up like like uncontrollable. Okay
well that's just in like publicly like news favorite but a lot of um like individual homeowners that they actually didn't do anything. In fact some of them like raised price and like I know a couple of people because of the landlord raised the price and they were like fighting and like um try to you know like pay the rent on time and like it's it's just such a mess right now.
yeah yeah I lived in so
so
I yeah but back in the day um it wasn't it wasn't as big as new york, they were just uh this all was developing in fact as the whole south Korea was developing and right after I moved here um they were just justly growing and yeah, have you been there?
Oh I always want to go there because I see like their um their airport is amazing,
so that's that's the only place that I wanted to go.
that
Queen
because like like you know and like like America or europe airports being there for like years so there on it was very like new like architecture back in the days but um compares to Asia, which there is like growing and they're like rebuilding stuff like that so it's more competitive competitive over there.
this
it's
crazy
how people spending money and like you know so I guess that makes sense because when you lend to some other country like the first thing that you see is the airport and you try to like you know I guess I don't know but was it really like they have like a waterfall trees and everything in their path?
that sounds easy. What's what's the best thing that you liked about?
Uh That's nice. That's good, that's good.
Oh I know where is my least favorite airport
which is the Guardia?
my God like I actually leave um like 10 minutes drive from Laguardia
it's
like
it's embarrassing.
No.
it's just everything is not making sense like the the road goes into the airport it's like very um you have to go round and there are so many traffics and then um they've been doing the construction for past like three or four years and like nothing has been like finished or like try to I don't think they even try to accomplish or anything just like leave their and then goes like goes into the airport like you said. Um Like the way it's the stories doesn't make any sense. Um
I don't know like compared to other airport the workers or whoever works in there just not friendly. Yeah the lights is dark gives me like um I don't know it brings me negative energies. Yeah it's horrible.
Yeah I think that's also plays in fact a little bit because like I see all the time and I see like uh like going in and then um people are coming out from like not present face. Um Most of them I don't know why but yeah
it's
much.
it is
yeah and the charges so much like when you go in um for like the fee is like I don't know 10 bucks. Some some of the airports are so expensive.
I hope so.
we pay text for for what, nothing not not for our benefit but like for someone else's benefit.
like every time every like March um like because
I usually
pay my
taxes like at the end of the january or february and like every time I get my tax return around like March and I expecting this much, it's never been over. It's always less. Like can you just do me one favor? Yeah. It's crazy.
Let's hope how this election will goes.
They
like none of it felt like a reality like it was just
it was just. That's okay. Do you have like someone else is with you?
Work
it on. Yeah but back in the conversation um I was um I remember the day that the 2016 election results came out and um my friend my friend and I was just like we were pay attention to the T. V. But like at the moment that uh we were like just on the topic of like something else like some some stupid thing um friends thing and then all of a sudden we're getting texts from friends like like what's happening, are we gonna like leave the country or not? And then we're like what just happened? And the result came in. We were just like so shocked. And then following for like 2 to 3 weeks, there was a huge demonstrations going on in the street in new york city. And um like we we were hoping that some some things will change, but we just lived through these lawyers for past years. It was it's
no, not at all. Like, I don't know the fact that this government um just said that we're not going to control the virus. Not anymore. I mean, they've never been, but like it's just throws us to like to the ocean, like, like you're by yourself and we're just going to take all the money that we can where we are in the seat and just I don't know, it's just not making any sense. And the fact that he's denying science, he's denying um climate change. What like, he just does like incredibly amazing things like every day, just like, surprising us.
You got it. You got my message?
no.
Every like, so in the beginning it's like, oh my God, he's not going to do that. Like he said, like he's not going to do that and then happened one or like 1st and 2nd, 3rd, and now it's like, oh, again, like, you know, like yeah, it is what it is. He's just seeing him like so stupid
finger cross.
I um I also don't go to facebook that often, but um something like a friend of mine, she kind of shared this article on the facebook to me and I was so um curious about it and then I opened that it was um I've never heard about two in on and it was like one of those articles and I'm like, as I like go through like reading and like first it was like this is not true and then it's like, are you kidding me? Like so many people, they believe these things, I think
like where they beat them, where they live. Yeah.
it's
like I I've seen some of the comments that really um mean comments of like um like his believers like wrote it on the social media or like under the article and I just think they're so um
pd because I feel like they are the ones who is not um maybe there are some like some of them like very educated um but most of them are they're not educated, they have very limited source um of what they're the information they're getting and um they have um like fears of like some sort of fears that some things might change and they're not getting benefit anymore, so he's like getting into their heads mind and just like manipulating them and just having them just follow them as like culture or like worship.
It's
it's so much um like great things take time to build once it destroyed. It's really hard to get back where it was or even like furthermore. So um we've lost four years of the opportunities that we can we could have created something better. But yeah, like you said, let's just hope for some things will change in the next 10 days or so.
No,
and it's also like the electrical thing, that's just not making any sense. I hope that's not interfering
of it, like any results or um whatever that is.
you hear me better? Okay, okay, so
I was saying that like because the last election on the electrical college um
had lots
of percentage of like, you know, deciding the decision, So hopefully this year will will be a different result with the different um you know?
Yes, because um in new york, um early vote started sunday. So um my friend and I we actually went out like super early morning and we see lines of people there and we waited um like hour and 30 minutes to get into vote and it was so positive energy. Um I think because new york is very democratic and like blue stay, so everyone was just cheering up and like uh yeah, so just seeing that just gave me a little hope.
No.
Well I hope so. Um I really hope so now that you're saying it's kind of like get into my head. I really hope so. Uh huh.
Yeah, exactly. Like we were just like the thing about the politics is just like once you like started, it's just never ending period like
top Yeah.
But
It's like you feel like very tired of talking it, but like you like, you can't stop it. Just like keep going.
Eminem's.
Oh my God, what's your favorite color of enemy? Eminem's?
That's
a very fast transition
problem.
Mine is a yellow and chocolate.
I don't know why.
I feel like the yellow and chocolate collar goes very well coordinating.
No, is your new
flavor?
Uh, no, I'm not a huge fan of means. Yeah. So
I
would say
the mini ones. No, I always get that package one. I don't know. Like I like stick with the classic ones.
I don't like new stuff. I like kind of for each tiny ones because it'll bring my memory's really like the, the whole imaging. Yeah.
Like
you
twist the things and you just like jumps
off. Oh, that's such a joy.
Um, no, I'm not, but I'm very, um, I'm trying to become environmental activists. Like I like to, um, um, not using any harmful products and like trying to recycle because, um, first like I've seen like ever since I watched the documentary, um, they forgot the title, but like by our goal. Our goal. Yeah. And, and then it just like, it just waken me up and I want us to live in this Earth as long as we can. So yeah, So I'm trying to just like as active act just as I can. And science is also like very important to our lives, you know? Yeah.
that's true.
That's
totally makes sense because, yeah, like you said recognizes it was just you, whoever lives, we'll keep it raised now because of the like science. And it made our word better less virus being around your kids. That's our kid can live without like vaccines or anything. Um Like right,
so you are not the living science especially like you don't you don't want to give your kids vaccines. It's just not um it just doesn't make any sense. Like like like this new virus, the vaccine eventually will come out. But um like I don't think the virus itself will will go away. It will evolve to stronger virus in the future. I hope not. But I think so. So um to get an immune it's necessary.
some
of the
other areas.
Yeah.
No,
no, I strongly agree with you.
I did. Yeah.
I see your smile bigger than in the beginning.
So
I feel
very
accomplished.
Thank
you.
positive.
So we're both getting it.
So I have the best slice of pizza stir around me so I'm going to go there and shoot myself. And you should do that to Chicago pizza.
Oh, you made pizza. Oh,
that's
even
better.
Come on. Let's just pretend you made a pizza.
Sorry.
We just ordered it.
It's it's it's true because it's dollar. I mean we call a dollar, but it's actually like $2.50 50 cents. So yeah.
Has passed.
You the conversation was really fire.
It was
it was positive and I loved it. And I see your smile. It's getting bigger
and bigger
so
I couldn't
stop talking.
Great. I
hope you will enjoy your pizza and have a great rest of the night.
Thank
you.
Good
night.
Bye.