you are there? Can you hear me? Yeah. Mhm. Right, can you hear me? Hello? I
can't
Hello?
Good, how are you?
It's been really bad. So it's your job to make
it no
better.
Excellent.
Excellent. You look
like you're
very you look like you're very happy so I'm hoping you can.
look.
Well it does. So this round I think this is the fifth one that I've tried to do and I've had one other that actually showed up so
well like this one like the last ones were all like I didn't someone didn't show up one day and then the next day they were there and then you know I was scheduled the next day next day but this one was scheduled on thursday for now and that's too far away from me. I'm too old, I can't remember that.
well uh thank you you you need glasses or at least vision insurance or something?
Uh huh. So so what do you where are you?
Chicago. Right.
Yes. Um So I am just getting a timer going to make sure that I don't we don't under talk because
yeah. Um So um so have you been in new york for a long time or is this a
Do you like it? Yeah.
I moved from uh when I moved from near sacramento and before that I lived in san Francisco so but that's a decade now, so after I it seems like it's a long I mean uh
well
it is I I and I've lived I grew up in boston so I've lived in this sort of like and spent some time in new york, I never actually lived there. But another thing so I you know I like cities a lot. Um
And
the
the thing about um the thing about Chicago is I always feel like it's it's similar to one of the coastal cities um you get like 95% of the amenities at like a third the price. So you know I mean because new york is she's so is so expensive and san Francisco
is always
sort
because I had heard that like housing prices were falling through the floor.
Yeah it is a mess. It is a big mess. Did you live in, did you live in Seoul or a big city? Were you in the uh
so you know in a big city?
So you've always lived in a big city. It sounds like
I haven't um I have been to actually in terms of issue that I've been to Singapore but that's it,
it is amazing.
So um actually I was there it was it was it was a a short visit in the middle of a round the world ticket. So I was you know I was there for a day or two but it was so I saw a lot of that airport and that was when I lived in san Francisco and my landlord
there with architect who designs airports actually and I was talking in one day and he because he was always gone, it was nice. He lived above me. I never saw him you know and he and I said what are you doing? He's like, well I'm working on the redesign of the Singapore airport. I'm like the Singapore airport is the nicest airport I've ever been in in my entire life.
What are you going to do? But I guess because there's so much competition between Japan and china and Singapore and all of those sort of asian room uh airports that there's that they just keep one upping each other over and over and over again. Um
Yeah, I mean Japan built an entire island, right? That's the
airport, right, that's it's on
and
they don't
it was beautiful. And then the like the club, the United Club was well within the United Clubs, his part was on Singapore Air which is like also Singapore Air, best airline I've ever been on by far. Yeah. Yeah.
Um it was really um it was really clean and efficient and easy. I felt like you know I mean like there are very strict rules but because there were rules you could sort of like follow them and no, I don't know, it's just it just felt very uh navigable.
So what about you? Where is your favorite airport?
Laguardia?
Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God.
Okay and you fly
out
of,
well the thing about it is that it's like I mean back in the decision, back in the day I mean back in the day it was an architectural marvel. Yeah but like it doesn't handle flights now very well at all. Um I remember
the last time I was in laguardia I was in the preferred the uh first of all the whole airport doesn't have preferred traveler stuff or at least back then but I was in it and it was like the weirdest line ever, like went behind these stores and then it like yeah it was like oh
Yeah
Yeah uh so that's your least favorite and it's right down the street from you.
Yeah. Well it's it's yeah it's just
the
household um and it's always been so hard to get to the airport in new york, I guess it's yeah,
like whichever airport, it's just difficult.
well they're all going to find even new ways to get money out of us because uh
the money stopped coming in general, right? I mean people don't work, people don't pay taxes, you don't buy things, they don't pay taxes, they, you know, so Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Well, and new york has always been a donor state. I mean it's a state that pays more taxes to the federal government back in taxes.
Don't
kiss
me.
Well, I'm hoping that we're gonna I'm hoping for a big change in overall mood and feeling soon. Mhm. Because
yeah, that's exactly what I'm hoping for. Um Just just like this, it's just like it it's like a weird bad dream, Like I feel like the last few years have just been this like weird or I've been like a bad novel, like if someone wrote this book, it just feels like, you
know, it's all improbable.
Sorry?
No, no, no, it's just it's the other computer though and it's telling us that there are new studies on prolific because they do uh
chrome
Well and then you know, so there's that that all feels totally unreal and uh and improbable and then all this stuff under him, like you know that he brought his whole improbable cast of characters with him and and now um you know, and now we have now we're in the middle of a global pandemic. I mean that's that's this is not usual. This is not normal, the war.
yeah, yeah, he does. And by incredibly amazing, I think you mean horrific and awful. Okay.
But it's like it's like things that you think, like when I first hear about them, I always think, oh nobody's going to do that or like that's so out of the mainstream that that will never get and then it happens and then like now I think we're all totally numb to it. Like remember when it was a big deal that the president would go out and make a fool of himself in front of God will too. And now we don't even notice it anymore. It's like wait
a home list.
Yeah. Well um mm I uh I look forward to things, certain things getting back to normal hopefully,
you know? I know. Well, I mean, so I haven't been on facebook for over four years now because in the run up to the last election I was like I was like I was getting so sick of it. Like everyone was arguing, everyone was like sharing articles that all ridiculous and and people who like each other we're sniping in china just like this is ridiculous. I'm just gonna take a break like six weeks till the election and we'll go away and you'll never have to see him again and then I'll get back on facebook. Well that worked out so well. Um but yeah it's really it is strange. Um
you
it's amazing to me because but there's a group I mean there's especially more than any thing a group of sort of middle aged white men in this country who really just feel put upon like everything is everything is against them, everything is and they just they wanted some hero like really? I mean it feels like it's you know they wanted some action movie hero and they got some reality show hero and and they they believe everything he says and it's just or he tweets or he retweets
thank you.
Yeah.
It's the people that he had gotten into his head though that wearing me the most because I don't know I just there's his his wanting to be influenced by stupid things like praise. Well he said a nice thing about me so I'll send him some weapons or you know like uh you know I mean I seriously I think that it's just it's sad, it really is sad overall.
I mean I feel like I feel like even if it's just four years, there was so much that was lost over that four years, that is going to be hard to get back,
Oh my God. And I just, I do worry about his reaction because I don't trust him to just like get out quietly if he, it's
not going to go quietly.
I'm
sorry, I didn't quite, I understand that. I think you you cut out for a minute. Yeah,
Right.
yeah,
your safety,
Yeah, no, I understand. It would be nice if the person who won the popular vote actually became president.
Uh It does, it does. I just, I've just had my hopes dashed so many times when it comes to elections that it's just really hard for me to, you know, I mean, it's the only thing I could, I can say about the last election was at least it didn't drag on into december. Like,
you know, like um like Bush v gore, I mean that just took forever and ever and ever and ever to come to a to an answer and that that I really hope we have an answer on or close to election Day this time.
Well let's talk about something else.
it
And
it doesn't matter whether the person feels the same way you do or the opposite way because either way you'll get engaged in either holding each other, you know, it's all confirmation bias or getting, you know, going the other way and you know, we're not listening to anything the other person says.
It's like Eminem's it's like eating eminence.
So
I I'm
always
in
the past trend. Well, we got to something more less political, although so mine is the red because when I was a kid there were red M and M's and then went away and then they came back.
Why?
Well,
All right. Do you like any of the weird new Eminem's they keep coming out with?
Okay. Well, you
know, like, you know, just to just be chocolate and peanut and now there's like caramel and mint, mint. Uh
You
know
the little ones? Have you seen the many ones?
One.
I remember when we used to go to the take that, when my parents used to take their cars into the mechanics to get work done. They had a machine there that you put a quarter in and it would probably wasn't a quarterback that it's sort of like a nickel or whatever, but you put money in and then you get this like tiny handful of M and M's. It's always
still
excited.
No.
Are you in the sciences? Because you were talking about him denying science earlier and I'm just curious.
Well, and it's just, it's just mind boggling to me how many people in general just, you know, they don't believe the science or they won't, you know, and yeah, science is sometimes wrong, but mostly it's right. And you know, it's like, um so the whole in general, the vaccine thing makes me absolutely crazy. Um All these sort of anti-vaxxers and the parents that won't vaccinate their kids. And then it's like, you know, but you know what, what one thing I think that is problematic and true is it like pretty much anyone who is a parent of kids now doesn't remember any of these childhood illnesses, like they don't, you know, nobody near them ever got polio and got, you know, or nobody died of measles because those were mostly they were very limited and somewhere almost eradicated. And so like there's no experience of, wow, this is why we have eight kids because we hope that two of them will live to adulthood and lived through all these diseases. And
so without that experience, I feel like people just like, I can't see it, so it doesn't exist, we're
back.
Mhm.
Yeah, but it's, you know, I mean, it's the, you know, it's like hearing that there are measles outbreaks in California or indiana or you know, there's like there's
no
reason.
there's just no there's no reason for that. Um So, I mean, I'm so I didn't, I mean I did, you know, I'm old enough that everyone I know had chicken pox but but like nobody had measles or rubella or polio because those we were all vaccinated against. Yeah.
So there's one other thing it just I don't go back to politics that it's proof in the pudding that you can't elect a very stupid person and expect them to run the country. There you
go.
When you really have cheered me up today. Mhm.
Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
it
is.
It
is.
Well you are you have a huge smile
and you
really do and so it's infectious. So yes,
positive. Yes and now you'll you'll get your full whatever $15.20 dollars whenever we get for this and
Yeah. No I know I know but you can go out and buy in new york that will almost value a slice of pizza.
We actually just I thought of pizza because I just made pizza. Um
Well
I mean
I
I took it out of the freezer. I didn't make it from scratch because I was being lazy but
I do make people actually I do bake a lot and cook a lot. But tonight was just it was because it was a crappy day it was like I won't taste exactly as it's going to taste and I don't want to do any work for it and
yeah see in new york you just order in. Right?
That's
Well I think our 25 minutes has passed to let you know
it has been
have
you got
I
know
it's just
bigger.
I know I want to capture this moment. I don't want to do anything that's gonna mess it up
But it was very
and youtube and a great
rest provide
to you and I will think of you next Tuesday that's good.
We'll have
a good night.