Testing 1 2 3. Yeah. Okay. Mr okay. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear
me?
All right? Let me turn up my sound here. Can you see me okay?
Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. Uh My name is Wayne, Nice to meet you.
Hi tim.
Is this your first time doing this or is
Yes I have. Yes I have. It goes pretty well it goes pretty well so it should be fun. I'm noticing behind you. Hear some box sets um What do you what do you have back there behind you? The games and stuff?
I've heard of signed. I've never actually played it. I'm I'm a DND gamer and board gamer for
for a long quite a long time. So yeah.
I have mine on sunday as a matter of fact so
that's kind of
I saw that too,
No no
I don't think I have I don't think I am.
Oh okay. Yeah I remember Homestar Runner, I'm a little old, I'm a little older than I look, so I'm actually 50. So yeah,
so yeah, so the early days of the Internet we had just BBS is I I've been been online since then, so under the slow dial up times and AOL and,
and
I
know.
my gosh.
my
gosh.
give you
some,
oh my gosh, give you some perspective. My first computer used the cartridge, it was four K computer with a 16 K expansion memory card trick, that's how old old it was, I was like 13 at the time, so
Uh
so
how
long
have you been gaming and stuff too?
yeah,
Yeah. Yes.
I
used to do stuff like that, my oldest when she was like 3.5 and that's how I got her into computers, you know. Oh wow.
Yeah. One of my early favorites, like in my teens was a game called Wasteland and it was like a post apocalyptic world and you were kind of an adventure kind of going, you know, from area to area discovering new areas doing trading sort of like almost like Oregon trail in a post apocalyptic world. So it was kind of, it was really fun and uh
yeah, in fact, I think um what is this um, humble bundle they kind of read? Yeah, I think they even have like a redone modern version of it now, so it's been kind of updated a little bit,
so yeah,
it's called Wasteland. Yeah,
so
if
you ever see it, I mean it's pretty entertaining games, so.
yeah, definitely, definitely.
Oh gosh, um let's see, I um Elder scrolls, Oblivion I have on Xbox, I still got to start with two or three. Uh My daughter, you know because of me, she's a huge game or her and her husband, my oldest daughter, her and her husband are huge gamers, so they're always trying to get me to play everything. Uh Occasionally I'll act as father for Call of Duty or something like that, that's it. Oh
man, I know,
I'll play just about anything yet you throw out there so uh
Oh my
God.
Well
that's pretty
gosh.
that's that's a great dynamic.
No, where do you access that? And where is that at? Its not on steam or anything like that?
no, no.
Oh no, no. Yeah, and I've got those yeah
said you like puzzle Games, give or play like older games, like 7th guest or anything like that on the PC.
That oh that was a huge one. That was one of the early forays into using a lot of uh a lot of video in the game. So graphically it took a giant leap.
Yeah. Oh
yeah.
Best
to
I have not, no.
Oh my gosh, no, no, I'm
not even familiar with that. No, I'm not.
I
was gonna say I got to see if I have my pen era, I gotta think out of wilds and abduction, I already got a mental list going right now.
I know,
I need to I need to throw mine up here to jesus about what's back into. That's a good idea, I was gonna say yeah I do have that here, you can do that. Oh wow.
that's
Yeah yeah the group I play with the uh the guy that's uh gm in that game, he gets a lot of uh crowdsource games and the like to so every once in a while we get to experiment. So
it's
just been a blast group. Yeah,
No so I I've been I've been I've been playing indie off and on for like 35 years so it's it's been a few years since we have a really solid group. This yeah,
we
we were doing it in person of course, you know the world turned upside down so we're playing via discord everywhere. Yeah which is which is kind of over because we do like a little potluck every week and so it was nice to have some really great food so I kind of miss that component of the whole thing, you know?
But I'm just glad we're still playing because everybody enjoys it and uh we really have a good time. So
now what are your group? You are you meeting in person to for your own
group?
You're in the
in the group?
really? Nice.
Yeah,
I'm the only one that's a little bit of a distance from them, there with their it's two brothers and then the GM Um and there within like two or three blocks of each other and I'm like about 20 minutes away, so so I'm the one who has been correct. Yeah,
That's
funny.
No kidding. Yeah. Oh my gosh! Yeah, we kind of started on the wind when I was 15 and uh we took turns G. M. ng and just kind of got hooked, you know? So it's it's it's been a blast. I just always enjoyed it, you know? And I enjoy puzzles as well too and board games online games. So I mean it was just, it seemed like a natural progression for me to, you know, the kind of that so. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh gosh. Of all time. Um
Well
well believe
it or not standards like uh monopoly and then um oh gosh. Um I'm drawing a blank here with, oh gosh, what the hell is the um oh gosh, it's
Yeah, it's the it's
the it's the game where basically you get like um like uh like different subjects or something like that and you eat try to provide your own answer to it. And
but
well
like Boulder Dash two, but it's uh it's kind of a raunchier one. Um, why the hell can I not think about it now,
cards against cards against humanity? I was like, I don't know why I just drew a blank. Um No, but I enjoy that. We enjoy Catan. Uh yeah, we have a blast yucatan, my wife and daughters and I love playing that. We've got the basic version that we got the Pirate 12 which is, it's kind of really goofy and it's a, it's a different rule sets. So we, we kinda, every time we open it up it's like we're going to play this and we start looking at all the rules. It's like I don't have, I would just, let's just play the right uh uh
but
those, those are some of my favorites, but you know, I enjoy risk, but no one, you know, none of the girls are my wife flavor. Risk. So yeah,
and I'm a big scrabble fanatic of course as well. Yeah. So.
the chinese
Yeah.
definitely.
I have I have not played that since my 20's, my early 20's so it's been quite some time. Yeah, but oh my gosh, that's fantastic. That's bad. Nothing.
So
do you
have, I'm sorry you have just like the one session a week of your gaming or you kinda and
then.
Got you. Yeah.
Uh We we've got a weekly thing uh but the guy that's the game master for our game um he actually ours is free but because we just enjoy playing but he actually does it kind of for a living, he was actually working on doing like a almost like a bed and breakfast and with gaming thrown in where he does that. So he's actually he's got a massive house so he's remodeling that to accommodate that, that whole idea. So it's kind of pretty interesting.
you go stay
there
and he's got yeah he's got
rooms
I mean the rooms are huge. Um and he can accommodate comfortably probably about 10 people right now. Um And he's and it's a beautiful setup and he's got handmade tables that some of our friends or woodworkers, handmade tables and chairs and in lays where they play at. And this guy's got games for days, he's literally got a whole wall tim and I mean it's a massive uh entry room and it's it's florida ceiling of games and it's it's amazing you know
it's quite
the place.
Oh yeah it's a blast it's a blast. I wouldn't mind being a guest
there
myself.
Yeah so it's pretty cool to kind of see that you know taking shape. Yeah so
I think I think if if he hadn't been doing all that we might have been back to playing in person anyway but he's like yeah he's ripping up some floors. I know they were having uh having somebody over staining wood I think for tables or something like that. So
it's been a
process.
I know I know I know I'm kind of excited to see it myself. Yeah so
so yeah our games are once a week but he He's a gay master probably a good 4 4 days a week sometimes five you know. Yeah so it's it's it's not so.
sir. Yeah.
Oh jesus yes. Uh Seven seas Warhammer Middle Earth. Oh gosh there is one there was a spy base game it's been years since I've played it. That was that was kind of fun to um There is another one that we just did. Oh and I want to say okay what's the hell is the name of it? I want to say it's something like catastrophe or something like that but it's it's and I maybe I maybe I may have the name wrong but essentially the whole premise of the game is to make everything go haywire just to basically screw. And I'm and
I'm
thinking
I
forgot
fiasco, that's what it was. Yeah.
that that was so much fun. I I mean we laughed hysterically uh during that whole thing so we played that a few times. But no I've I have played so many games for years. Them that uh you know I I lose track of all of them. Uh
What about you, other the D. And D. I mean have you had Like any other four rays into a role playing games?
Oh it's
incredible.
I know, I love the minutia of all those games, I mean it's like there's so many things that it's so easily uh easy to just miss. I mean I just like to go and observe, I do the same thing too. And then my daughter said like what are you doing? I'm just wandering around aimlessly, but I enjoy that.
I
hear
you.
exactly. You know, and I enjoyed the cerebral aspects of it anyway to, I mean I just uh you know, hacking and slashing has its moments, but I I would much rather have something that's a little bit more thought provoking or a little bit more involved so
No, no
bread. No, I'm not. I don't think.
I'm gonna add that to the list to here so
you
know.
gosh.
That sounds awesome. That sounds awesome. Do you do any systems and stuff to like, do you have like any PS four S or you just
strictly PCT or?
But
know,
I've seen the game and I looked amazing too. I think that might have been the game. I was looking at a preview and I almost wanted to get the system just just to be able to play the game.
Oh,
get
out of here. Okay. Yeah.
my gosh.
my gosh. Oh
my gosh.
Uh huh. Yeah, no kidding, geez, well, I, I hope you do get it though. I mean, like I said, I thought about the PS PS five and when that comes out, so you know, I'm trying to debate, I need another system because I got an Xbox 13 60 I played pc game, that's like, oh,
how many systems do you need? And how much time do you have? Uh huh Well, this has been amazing. It's kind of
nice to get hooked up with a gamer. I didn't
expect the luck out, like
well, my eyes got real big as soon as I saw the wall behind me, I was like, oh my gosh, I already know.
Yeah. Yeah, mm Well, I mean it's great at all if, I don't know if you have to take off or anything like that or whatever and Yeah.
yeah, yeah. So it's there's there's no formal ending or anything like that, you know, if we've Reach that, you know, I think, you know, I went the first gentleman I talked with dad as I think we went for about 32 minutes. So yeah, it goes by really quick
and Oh,
oh,
Oh, definitely, definitely, definitely. But no, that's awesome though. But I know this has been really enjoyable to thank you.
Experience.
well, you got to do these again too because they are going to have more of them I think is what they said, so, yeah,
yeah. And hopefully we get connected again.
all right, we'll take care eight