Hey,
and
and
nice to meet you. My name is Tim
sep.
It is actually, yes. Have you done this before?
Oh yeah, I've got some a bunch of, I'd rather into board games, so I got a little collection back there. Um I've got side, have you heard aside before? Oh yeah,
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I just um I just had a dnd session last night with my group.
that's
that's great. Yeah, so I got side back there, that's really fun. Um uh Yeah, that's actually my favorite board game actually, I really, really enjoy it. It's kind of a fun mix of area control and like an engine builder too, so it's yeah, yeah, so that's really fun. Um Got pandemic back there, which is fun. Uh Got a splendor which my wife likes to play with me, which is fun. Got uh yeah, splendor is really cool too, That's a nice uh Yeah, it's got enough depth to it, but it's not like a huge commitment, like two hours, you know, So that's nice. Yeah. God, what else do I got back there? I've got a ticket to ride Kenneth.
Yeah, I got a role for the Galaxy, which is really fun. Um God, uh Century Spice Road Architects of the West Kingdom. Um Yeah, that's the main ones. We've got a I've got Trott Door, the board game. I don't know if you ever heard a truck door?
The
there is this uh is flash cartoons that were on the web, like the early web. It was one of the first like really big interactive flash websites in the early two thousands called Home Star Runner dot com. And
Oh, wow.
yeah, I remember
that. I mean because yeah, right, when I was just becoming kind of where my dad was really into technology and stuff, so he was always on the latest thing, so yeah, I remember downloading like a a two megabyte video overnight, like, waiting for it to doubt,
you know, and it didn't finish,
it only got like half of it or something. So
I think, I think it was it was actually a trailer for the original halo game, so yeah, I really wanted to watch that trailer, so like I set
it up
on the computer and I downloaded it and like
it
was, yeah, and then I only got like half of the video, but I watched that first half over and over again. Uh it's pretty funny.
wow, that's awesome. Yeah, wow,
that's pretty cool. What
do
you
do?
Oh, well, yeah, I mean, I've been I've been gaming since I was a little kid, for sure, but like I think the formative games for me when I was younger were Super Metroid, and um and then of course like uh Zelda Ocarina of Time, uh
those were the really those were like some of the early ones that I actually played and like beat myself, you know? But Yeah, well um my dad used to play, I don't know if you ever heard of like Commander keen, like a side stroller. Yeah,
so uh yeah, we used to play it all the time, and uh uh he would put me on his lap and I would like press the fire button and he would like do the move
and the jump button stuff good.
Yeah.
that sounds kind of cool, yeah, I never heard of that.
Oh yeah, what's
that called?
I should write
that
down,
Yeah, Yeah, that's cool, I have to check that out.
Do you do you would play any other modern games at all?
Yeah,
I've been
definitely. Yeah.
Yeah,
I was I just played, I just finished an indie game called Outer Wilds. Um That was really cool, I kind of, it's really unique. I was really surprised by the so it's it's kind of like um the the basic premise of it is basically Groundhog Day. So it's your you start off on the there's these little planets in the solar system and you start off on there And you can get into your little rocket ship and go fly around the solar system and you're trying to puzzle out what happened to this alien civilization that was on there. But there's this kind of this time loop, so like the game, the game lasts for 20 minutes and everything is kind of winding down. So when you get to the end, the sun goes nova and everything blows up and then you start over again and you're trying to figure out what's going on. Um
So
like yeah there's like this one planet that's um Like crumbling apart and there's like a black hole in the center of it, so there's different places that you can go at different times. So if you like come back in 10 minutes, like when the things halfway crumbled, then you're able to get the places that you weren't able to before. And uh
yeah, there's this other planet, these like two planets that are spinning around each other, and one has is like full of sand and it's dumping into the other one. So the other one you can go deep into all the caves and stuff, but the sand is filling up so you it's a certain kind of time where you can get to certain places so you have to plan out your route. But on the other side there's places that you can get to because the sand is draining so it's it's
yeah I really enjoyed puzzle games and this one I haven't played a puzzle game like this like it was just really unique that kind of the getting to explore all these different worlds and piece together all the you know what's going on and how everything works and what all the mechanics and everything are. It's really really fun. Yeah.
It's uh well I think it actually just came out on steam. It was on the Epic Game store. Um So I've been uh I don't know if they have any, I don't think they've released it for consoles yet. It was exclusive to the Epic Game Store. I played on the pc but it's not like I don't know what kind of system you have but it wasn't it doesn't take a super BP system to run, it's not like assassin's
creator something. Um
but uh but it was yeah it was really fun. Um The yeah that that was really cool. Yeah.
7th guess. No, I never heard of that one.
man, it's like so I played a lot of missed like I did. Is it kind of like that? Yeah. Okay.
Yeah
I like
played
yeah. Yeah I've played like all the miss games. So I I really have you played abduction.
Oh because you know that's from the same people who did miss, they released it a few years ago now but that is really fun. That was
It
you got
checking it out.
yeah, yeah, I got my notes, my notes app up here. So I've been writing down, I got seven
down.
Abduction was like, yeah, it was like a the spiritual successor to miss. Like, it's kind of fun because the, because it's the same creators, they um, they put in like a certain kind of like, references to miss, like, making it sound like it's sort of in the same world and stuff, even though, you know, it isn't explicitly. Um So that was kind of fun. And
they have they also have a new game coming out called firmament. I'm not sure they did. They ran like a Kickstarter for it. Um That raised a ton of money, but I think, I think it's still a ways out, like at least six months before it gets released, but I'm really looking forward to that too because yeah, looks like it should be really fun.
Well that's
fun.
Yeah.
Yeah, do you play that in person or do you do it, do you ever do it like remotely or
anything?
that's a bummer.
Yeah, that's
we
we actually
are
a couple of remote sessions um but we all live like really close to each other so we haven't felt like, you know, it's it's not that really big a deal for us to go over each other places, you know, so we're all pretty much on the same block and stuff so um
Yeah,
so.
of course not everyone is gonna just drive over to your place and that would be another way. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I am, I never, I only just recently got into DND um we're just, yeah, I've heard about it for so long and like it seems like you'd be fun and then uh one guy I know from work, he had been into DND a long time ago and so then we started talking and we eventually started up stuff. It's been really fun because I've actually, I've been into DND, I've been like, I have been listening to DND podcast for
years, you know, we
just kind of funny like yeah, for several years I've been listening to a podcast is listening to other people play DND, which I found extremely entertaining, but I was like, I really should try this sometime.
yeah.
What's your favorite board game?
Or just what are your top? I know it's like impossible to
say. Like
what are your staples?
You describe it? I might go to guess it
if
balderdash, were you trying
to make a
definition?
is it cards against humanity?
Yeah.
That's um
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've just recently been getting into playing go um that's that's
pretty, yeah. Yeah,
I'm just, I'm just amazed how much um how much depth there is to that, you know, like you know, I mean they've been playing it for thousands of years so there's all this built up knowledge and all these different openings and patterns and yeah, it's just it's um yeah, it's kind of crazy the way it's just, it has a whole different character, you know? Like I would think it's, it feels like it's a strategy game but it's it's so different from something like chess, say where the I don't know, it almost feels more organic or something the way the the tactics play out and everything, but
I've been enjoying just kind of going deep into that and going down the rabbit hole. They're learning what all the different terms mean and you know watching Youtube videos about how to get better and stuff.
it's
pretty
wired.
We've
been, yeah, we've been like um we do dND like every other week at this point. Yeah, so like every other sunday we fit a few extra ones and I know some of the guys that I game with, they've got like a couple other campaigns going to
Yeah, but for me that's about my schedule has been able to handle, although I do we'll get together and play board games sometimes to throughout the week and everything. Yeah.
that was so like, wait, it's a bed and breakfast that you go and stay at, but it's like
it's
got
board games
and stuff.
That
sounds
like my ideal vacation right there,
that's
such
a great idea.
Uh huh
That'll that'll
be
cool to see it when it's all done.
that's
wow. He's, yeah, he's really, really into that. That's great. That's cool.
Have you guys ever done any kind of role playing games other than DND like? Yeah.
I
think
it's is
that
fiasco?
I heard about that. Yeah,
Yeah. Yeah, wow, that's cool.
I haven't really yeah, not not as like, you know, group kind of things, you know, I mean, I've played plenty of role playing video games and stuff like I mean you mentioned like The Witcher, like I was I've actually been kind of playing through that again, like I started it a while ago and I've been playing well mainly because of the netflix show I've been watching, like wanting to play it again, you know? But uh but I really that's like one of my favorite um RPgs, like the just the world's in there is just so amazing, it's just
just
kind of fun to just like kind of turn off all the Ui and just kind of wander in the world, you know, and just kind of walk around and find what you find and everything.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know, it's like I enjoy like first person shooters and stuff, but I find like I kind of get annoyed by them just a little bit because the action is so fast paced that you don't get to enjoy the environment because you're too busy trying to shoot down the next guy or throw the next grenade or whatever. So
I
kind
of, I tend to enjoy like, like games like The Witcher or missed or things that kind of make you slow down and you can just enjoy the environment around you, you know? Yeah.
definitely. Well the, have you ever played the Witness?
Okay, so have you ever heard of braid?
So so those are two of those are probably, those are those are my two favorite video games ever, but they're both made by indie game designer called Jonathan Blow is his name. Um but braid came out like right around when the Xbox store just started, you know, and there was this kind of, it was right at the cusp of the indie game kind of revolution that happened. Um and that was like this, it looks like irish Mario, it's kind of like you look at the style which is kind of funny um but and it has kind of the same mechanics, a side scrolling jump, but they're the main, it's a puzzle game and the main idea there is that you can rewind time, so you get to a certain point and a lot of the puzzles like play with that idea and you have to rewind time and then replay time in order to unlock certain things. It's really fun. Um but it also just kind of had a really cerebral kind of story element and theme going along with it, but then he came out with this game called The Witness which is all three D. And that game just blew my mind like I mean it was kind of a profound experience playing that, it was quite amazing um
Yeah like like it, you know uh if you had, you know like you're like you know what are you the games are going to bring to a desert island or whatever
or the one
game like Witness would be that game for me, like it's um
yeah it's uh yeah it kind of hits like it feels like mist but it's almost, I mean it's almost more cerebral, like it's very intentional about what it's trying to do with the way it teaches you things and it plays with the idea of being able to convey ideas and understanding without ever using words and uh it's just it's just a, it's just kind of blows me away without like spoiling anything. It's you play through these puzzles and it's just it's just kind of amazing how everything connects together. It's really cool. Uh
I
did I mainly just have a pc I haven't been, you know um I just kind of focused on upgrading my pc machine to be able to play what I want to play. Um I did have an Xbox there for a while, I haven't gotten a new one. Um And uh yeah I've done a lot of Xbox um if I was gonna keep I keep thinking about getting either like um like an intend to switch or something because I borrowed a friend's switch and played through Breath of the Wild, which was amazing. Um I really love that, so I'm kind of thinking I might have to get my own switch at this point since there's like Sequels coming out, I don't know. Um But uh yeah and uh but then also like I've also wanted to get a playstation because there's all these exclusive games for the playstation
that I haven't. Yeah,
like one of them that I always wanted to play for a while was Horizon Zero Dawn. Um
which which I was so that was kind of our by the good news is uh like that's coming, they are actually gonna release that for pc like next month. Yeah, beginning
of
august,
so I pre ordered it so that that should be fun. But but
there always seems like there's there's always a few games on the playstation that you know, there are exclusive to playstation, like oh man, I really want, There was this other one I was looking at is like a kind of, it was kind of like open world RPG kind of thing with kind of a sort of assassin's creed kind of elements to it with the sneaking around stealth kind of gameplay. Um But you're like a samurai in japan and uh and then the game just looked amazingly beautiful and I just like oh I got to play that and then I was like oh it's playstation exclusive when it's coming out,
but
we'll see, maybe it's been a fun at some point.
Yeah.
or
definitely.
Yeah, I wasn't, I was like man, what are we going to even talk about? That's great.
Yeah. Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah, we were supposed to just talk for 25 minutes, right I guess. Yeah.
that's funny.
Yeah,
I don't I don't think it's funny because I don't tend to think of myself as extremely extroverted at all, I'm mostly introverted so yeah, but I I kind of when I'm talking one on one with people I can really get into stuff, you know? So that's kind of fun.
it was really fun.
I had a really, really nice, really nice highlight to my evening. Getting to talk to you
Cool. I'll keep an eye out.
Yeah, that'd be fun. All right,
But.