SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey there, how
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: good thanks, are you?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Pretty good. Matthew,
SPEAKER_R: I'm terry.
SPEAKER_L: Good to meet you. Cherry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good to meet you too. Um I'm not really sure what we're supposed to talk about.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I didn't really say in the instructions at all um a specific topic or what was uh it
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: was first.
SPEAKER_R: they had an email that said like they we could talk about whatever or there were also like problems, but I didn't actually end up seeing any of the problems, so um yeah, I'm not really sure about that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh interesting because my didn't mention anything about prompts.
SPEAKER_R: Uh was it like um I set up through prolific. I don't know if you did, but like I got an email because like I asked about it. I don't know. Yeah, it's like how are you or like how are you doing? Um It's like, I don't know, tell me about yourself I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, so I live in Raleigh north Carolina 33 and I don't know, I'm a C. P. A.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I live alone and uh I guess uh I travel a lot for work uh on top of that, I like to travel a whole lot myself on weekends
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: or whenever I get some sort of uh vacation. PTO sometimes sick time. Uh you know, I like to go take a weekend trip somewhere. Just got back from Sydney right before the whole covid thing happens. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, what did you tell?
SPEAKER_L: I went to Disney down in florida.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay, that's fine. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I went to Disney last I think july and it was so hot. I definitely think like March like would be a lot better time to go because like it was not as bad. There's not so many like kids who are out from school are going as well as crowded. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it was, I went november two years ago on Veterans Day weekend and it was incredible how you could just walk onto some rides that normally would be like an hour long you just walk
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: onto them and I was like what it's like who needs a fast pass when I can just walk, this is the best time to go.
SPEAKER_R: Do you go often?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. I've gone three times now. I've gone through now in the past two years but before that had been like maybe 15, 16 years before I had been there.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Have you ever been to like the other locations
SPEAKER_L: No I haven't. I know
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: there's a
SPEAKER_R: market Press?
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Disney subscription
SPEAKER_R: it really looks
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: like the biggest, so it's probably the most worth it.
SPEAKER_L: say it again.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, like the one of florida, I think it's the biggest, so it's probably the most worth it, like if you're going to like just fine anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it's got a bunch of surround it. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually grew up um like near the Disneyland in California, so um there are a lot of like programs um that were like offering, I think there was, it was like about the arts in school, so um I was in an orchestra at school and so we were offered free admission to Disney for a day if we would like play in the park for like an hour.
SPEAKER_L: Holy crap that's nice considering how much tickets are, jeez that's pretty cool. So tell me about you.
SPEAKER_R: Um so I'm currently in pennsylvania Music School here. Um, but like I mentioned, I'm originally from California and they're like pretty much my whole life up into college. I actually just graduated like two years ago. Um, so that is like kind of exciting I guess, except, I don't know, just like being stuck inside a lot. And especially since I'm, uh, since I was a senior in college, I didn't have like a lot of work, so I just kind of like do nothing all day. Uh, but yeah, I'll be moving home soon, um, back to California in a couple of weeks values. I'll be able to see my family, but then I was just like job hunting, God's go applications. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah what you graduated,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: what did you graduate in? Like what was your major? Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do? Any
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: ideas?
SPEAKER_R: oh, I don't know, like I have been applying to a lot of like jobs especially ones that are kind of similar to the ownership I had last summer because I really enjoyed it. But like so far I haven't gotten anything.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. What was your internship then?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was a bank in like business analytics. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. It sounds like that could be it anything to go into like a C. P. A set of numbers and data is my my kind of thing. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was actually thinking like since it it feels like um I have like not like an equivalent job would probably choose someone who is like more well versed in like stats or something than me. Which is actually why I want to like go to grad school so I can learn a little more because I feel like a little unqualified. Um when I read like job postings these days but I'm kind of like not really sure. It just feels like everything is like up in the air so she kind of like Muhammad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah I mean I would say at my firm at least we're one of the big four Global and they always say that you know the layoffs are not something that we go through. We always have a shortage of people and we always have but this time around they're saying that as of july 1st if things don't get better that we could experience a round of layoffs like we haven't in 30 years or something and so.
SPEAKER_R: That's like terrifying.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah and my office is very very small. I was in D. C. Office and it was about 2000 people probably
SPEAKER_R: With,
SPEAKER_L: even more now two years ago and this rally offices like 75 people. Let's
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: go.
SPEAKER_R: move from D. C. To Raleigh like was that your choice or did um like your company move you?
SPEAKER_L: It was my choice. Yeah you're from California so you might be familiar with you know trying the real estate market is like here's a half a million dollar house that is from 1986 and nobody's ever renovated it or updated it $700 a month. H. O. A fee for all this crap that you don't really need or want to pay for. And I finally came to my parents actually lived here in Raleigh. Uh It was like am I really about to spend this kind of money you're and when I came to visit my parents during christmas I was like I'm just gonna put in for a transfer and just see if it goes through uh
SPEAKER_R: Let me
SPEAKER_L: three
SPEAKER_R: exam.
SPEAKER_L: months later it was accepted and I was like do I change this? I stay in D. C. And uh best choice I've ever made. I love it here in Raleigh. Um But unfortunately I think being a small office we have smaller clients which means that I'm probably at risk for layoffs coming up here soon. So what goods?
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: But,
SPEAKER_R: I know like you see housing is so crazy because I actually um was near there last summer. Um I lived in Arlington Virginia but I was actually looking at um D. C. For housing because it's like close enough and actually a lot of other interns lived in D. C. Too. But I wasn't like A. D. C. Like housing facebook group and I didn't realize until I entered it like just how many people were looking for housing in D. C. Like other than like normal people. There's like all the Georgetown seven people. I went from like G. W. Um like the government interns. Yeah and there's just so many people trying to live there and I actually end up um it was pretty bad or like it was it was fine I guess because I live near the metro station, but I lived in a house with like um like 500 people and I rent was like 1800 a month. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: crazy, like I had never paid that kind of money for rent because now um like where I am in pennsylvania, it's like not that expensive, like I written like 6 50 or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's not bad. Are you like in your Pittsburgh then?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah in Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that makes sense. Yeah it was it was just rough. Which which a metro station were you near by the way? I actually lived in
SPEAKER_R: Oh the claim.
SPEAKER_L: right above Crystal City and also lived next to Eisenhower?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Oh wait you know I was in East Falls Church um so it was like
SPEAKER_L: Orange
SPEAKER_R: one or two
SPEAKER_L: line.
SPEAKER_R: stops to Mclean. Yes, it was really close like useful churches, also nothing most exciting place.
SPEAKER_L: No it's not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was actually good because um the girl that I had connected to before the internship started, we found this Airbnb place together, so she actually brought her car, so we ended up driving to work every day and then when we went like uh like us we're talking or whatever, we would like take the metro then so end up being kind of cost effective.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's super nice when somebody else has got a car. Yeah it's not having one and like needing to go somewhere or like eating like groceries. That's yeah I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: did that for
SPEAKER_R: grew
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: up in like the suburbs, so I've never really like had to drive because like growing up like at least by the time I got to like high school my parents would drive me to school. Um And then by the time I like my friends were driving, I just end up like bumming a ride off of them. Um So I never really learned how to drive and I really hope I don't need to like in the future. This sounds so annoying I guess.
SPEAKER_L: it's a lot of upkeep. All
SPEAKER_R: I guess like considering like insurance and maintenance I don't even know if it would be cheaper than um like just taking public transportation everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah I mean the only thing I didn't like about the D. C. Metro is how often it broke down. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and the wait
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: times
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: weren't that great either
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah they're terrible and you know you're thinking like after a while you kind of get to your routine if it takes me a half hour to get to work and then all of a sudden for like four weeks in a row that one metro stop whatever is has like a fire or something, it's like right now I'm taking the bus and it takes me an extra hour or so now it's an african to get some work every day and I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: don't miss
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: shit. And um
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: is there a
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: public transportation in Raleigh too? I thought it was mostly like more of like a driving kind of place?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so there is pretty much driving here so I have a car now. Um But we have like buses and they uh to I guess you could say they run a huge swath of the city so it's
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: not just like within the actual downtown because of course we've got Riley, we've got Durham right here and maybe 10 miles from each other. So um we've got the buses and then there's actually an Amtrak that goes. Which.
SPEAKER_R: okay that's pretty useful I guess. Um I think I went to visit Raleigh once because I knew someone who was working at IBM over the summer and his roommate had a car but he didn't. So I think we walked to like one place and then we drove like for the rest of the weekend it was just really hard to get around without a car.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's definitely especially because you know the bus stops around here, they stop at every single corner in your like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: in like D.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: C. Where
SPEAKER_R: efficient.
SPEAKER_L: it would like stop at a certain ones and go to the metro. And I'm it's like now they do every single stop in that area and you're like
SPEAKER_R: this is please
SPEAKER_L: I'm never.
SPEAKER_R: there's no one here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah so it's not too bad though. Uh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I was expecting it to be a little bit more rural when I moved here. Like more farming areas, stuff like that. I found that it's just whatever. I guess you say land that's there is, it's all bought, it's not like for sale. Um Somebody actually has like a working ranch or something like that. I was really expecting with this like huge areas of land or something like that. You can just buy bunch of acreage.
SPEAKER_R: So there's a lot of greenery, but it's all like already settled.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the state owns like half of it and I don't know what the hell.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Are you um like near where your parents live or um are you like close enough that you can see them but not close enough that they're like boys in your life?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh So they're probably 30 minutes away. Um When I first moved here, uh my old roommates in D. C. Used to make fun of me saying that my room looked like a jail cell. Ah
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: there's like nothing on the walls, it was like here's a bed and here is your just like whatever staples you typically find a bedroom but nothing of like color would say. And so I moved here, I gave my mother my house key and my charge card and I was like
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: you know just on you know you know dressed the place up and uh I would cut, I work maybe like maybe a mile from work when I am here in the office and not traveling, I would come home for lunch and my mother and her friends would be in my house. I'm watching tv having coffee from the caribou caribou coffee that's down the street just hanging out in my house. I'm just like, uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. This is what you get for giving her the key.
SPEAKER_L: for real and it's like, how do you ask for it back after that? Um but uh so they're like a half hour away. Uh they used to visit a whole lot when I first got here and of course mom's coffee talks with her friends but that maybe like six months after that. I guess the newness were more off because I only see them like maybe like once a month unless there's something special going on. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess now that you're around, they don't feel that they like need to like snatch every opportunity to you since they know like whenever they want your there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They still ask though. Like I'm like christmas eve or something, are you going to stay over? Why the hell would I stay over now like mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's like my sister and my parents because my sister went to college, 30 minutes away from where we live. Are you like an hour? It was close enough that like my parents could bring her groceries and stuff like that should come home whenever she wanted, but not close enough that like my parents were always dropping by um and officially graduated and went to grad school and then like got a job.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: She still lives, like it's not the same place but still the same distance I think. Um give me a little further, so it's like about an hour away, so we do visit her sometime, so I'm always always like, she doesn't come home even though we're not, not bad clothes or not that far, but like it's enough for her to keep her space if you want.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, it's too bad. They wouldn't do laundry for that. My mother to come do that for me short. Oh man,
SPEAKER_R: Other than um Disneyland, what kind of places you go for your weekend trips or even like your longer trips? I guess. I'm pretty curious because you like traveling um but I haven't been able to do that a lot like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, biggest student. I'm sure it's hard. I just, he was like two years ago. Like I suddenly, I work crazy hours and travel a lot for work and I suddenly was like, you know, I have all this vacation time and I actually have like money now. So why don't I just go things, you know? And it kind of started with, I went to New Orleans, I don't know if you're familiar with the voodoo fest music festival,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I've never heard of it.
SPEAKER_L: It's on Halloween and they've got like five stages, may have a bunch of different genres of music and it's for an entire weekend. And I went with some of my friends from charlotte and that kind of kicked off this like wild like vacations of, I've gone to New Orleans twice now, I've gone to Hawaii last year, Charlottesville. I shouldn't include Charlottesville. That's actually where I grew up, but I've gone there a couple of times, gone to Richmond on to Williamsburg, Virginia Georgia,
SPEAKER_R: The money.
SPEAKER_L: benda florida two times now. Um Actually no, with the florida three times, actually the past two years. Um basically if it's on the east coast and it's easy to get to. I've gone to it um
SPEAKER_R: shit.
SPEAKER_L: And actually Dewey Beach as well, uh right up near its kind of near where you are in Delaware. And then also philadelphia is another place I went for a week. And so um as long as within driving distance uh Sky's the limit. And then if I've got a fly places I usually try to make it, you no longer more special have national itinerary for what I want to do. As opposed to just
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: craft breweries
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: whatever things are fine.
SPEAKER_R: yeah on the fly, my friend actually really recommended going to New Orleans. I've heard it's pretty crazy normally, but especially if it's like Halloween and like a music festival, it must be like insane.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it was they had the festival was like very organized that at 11 p.m. You know the shows are done and they had Uber on one side of the field and they had left on the other side. So you kind of everybody kind of diverged. Then there weren't enough drivers of course for what is it, 70,000 people or whatever, there was just hoards of people just walking all the way to like bourbon street and Frenchmen street. And
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. It's like a small
SPEAKER_L: I had,
SPEAKER_R: parade almost.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, I mean they're just all over the place and that entire weekend was just wild and the other time I went there was for my best friend's bachelor party and there was actually 12 of us who went and it was kind of the exact same april and it was just all of us just kind of making sure that jay had a great time and doing wild dumb crap and it was a ton of fun. But
SPEAKER_R: That's fun.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, the only thing I can say is that if you are going to go, definitely go outside of like the summer season because otherwise you're not going to have fun because you're just gonna sweat so badly, so hot and it smells terrible.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I would expect have you ever been during like um like Mardi gras time?
SPEAKER_L: No, I was gonna go three years ago um I had a friend who was actually in New Orleans doing, I'm not sure if you're familiar with, teach for America.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I've heard of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she did a year down there and she happened to be there for that martin girl that year and I was gonna fly down but I ended up having to work for uh time that I needed off. So I was shoot um and of course now she's not there anymore so I got to find an excuse to go down. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What's your favorite like domestic trip and favorite international trip?
SPEAKER_L: Um So international, the only Puerto rico really doesn't count since the U. S. Territory,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: but then the only other place I've been to is Canada, we went to Winnipeg and that was for work. I went there every I went there for two weeks every month for two years. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh wait, that's like half half of your time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we had an audit uh
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: client that was in Baltimore that had a big huge manufacturing facility in Winnipeg and they got tired of our Canada team auditing them because they were getting things wrong. So they ended up sending the US up there. Um So that's like the extent of my international but I would definitely say Hawaii was almost number one. It was just last year. It was it's like exactly how everybody portrays it, it's beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Like it's amazing. The beaches are expensive.
SPEAKER_L: yeah the resort was awesome. Um They had mountains to go hiking hey God I was actually there for a friend's wedding. Uh But you know probably having all of my friends around as well was probably helpful to have a good, it was just so beautiful. I mean you couldn't mistake it just walking around. I've got videos and pictures on my phone that I watch sometimes now when I'm just
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like bring memories back.
SPEAKER_L: especially now when I'm stuck in my house I'm like take me back to Hawaii
SPEAKER_R: verse
SPEAKER_L: for.
SPEAKER_R: verse yourself back. I think I've only been to Hawaii um once when I was really young. I don't remember at all, but I spent a summer in Alaska recently um I was like doing like a workshop something I don't know. Um I was basically like um like reading books and studying under a professor from chapman University and Alaska this summer is so amazing because it's not cold. Um
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: and it's just like very
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: magical.
SPEAKER_L: the temperature,
SPEAKER_R: Uh it's like pretty warm. I remember it was like 60 or 70 or something, so it wasn't like hot hot but it was very comfortable. Um we like bike everywhere and it was very like magical on a tree. I really tried to like see a bear, but it's probably good that
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I did. Uh
SPEAKER_L: would you have done if you had
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure, I'm
SPEAKER_L: one and find
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: shelter?
SPEAKER_R: know there's like guys about like what to do depending on the bear, like if it's like a flag bearer you should do this or like it's a brown bear, you shouldn't do that. Um But I just really want to like soon in the flesh it feels like from from the way it would have been fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. See with binoculars or something from you can
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: grab you.
SPEAKER_R: I know some other people who are in the program did say that they saw one, tell us like if they saw and they got out of it alive then I can do it too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man you have to go to a zoo or something like that. Mhm. Oh that's too funny. Well what other types of vacations have you taken that are pretty me
SPEAKER_R: Um You mentioned
SPEAKER_L: then. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so that actually made me think of um where I have some family in Vancouver. Um I haven't visited them recently, I think the last time was a couple years back. But I also really like Vancouver in the summer because it's like it's very nice. Um And we went like very picking a couple of times and we got like pounds and pounds. They were really fresh and just like a nice like family memory. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. Yeah, we tried to go to uh is it british Columbia? What's the one that's all the way on the west side of um
SPEAKER_R: Well I think
SPEAKER_L: And uh
SPEAKER_R: you know what I think british Columbia's on the E. Oh wait no it's on the west. Yeah I think that was on the west.
SPEAKER_L: I can't remember um our firm does this thing where if you don't fly home for the weekend and they allow you to kind of take like an alternative vacation and you anywhere as long as it doesn't cost any more than it would have to take you home. I remember there was a two week period where we were going to fly and I can't, we were gonna go to Banff National.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I've heard of that, I heard it's really beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've seen tons of like social media, pictures of people, I'm just like, man, I want to go, well,
SPEAKER_R: Then I'll go.
SPEAKER_L: well we were going to take the weekend and my team was going to go and we ended up, uh I forgot what happened. Somebody had to fly home and it just like fell apart after that. But um the other place I really want to go is like Toronto in Canada.
SPEAKER_R: anyway
SPEAKER_L: I think that would just be so neat.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's a really cool policy to, it's like you could get really creative with like how you finna global going places with that
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I had a friend who worked for another big four firm uh way back when, oh gosh, 10, 10 years ago he was in Puerto rico, which is actually how I told you earlier I got to go to Puerto rico. Um He, he brought his roommate um as his spouse and her and I split my airfare and the two of us flew down there and his firm actually at the time gave him the extra amount of his airfare, which is like $700
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Like for his
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: crystals?
SPEAKER_L: the weekend. And we just went wild. Like we went to a rainforest for what
SPEAKER_R: that is so
SPEAKER_L: Carlton? The frame forest was so neat. Um Like you kind of like would imagine it as they probably show if you could see like movies and stuff,
SPEAKER_R: Like birth stripping?
SPEAKER_L: the trees. Yeah, like it seems like two cans or anything, but um you walk for oh gosh, I don't know, three or four miles and then all of a sudden you come across this just huge waterfall. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds really
SPEAKER_L: It was oh it was really neat. Um And then we got to go to a casino on his firm's dime him out the cash, so you know, he just had $700 that we just kind of wouldn't gambled and had dinner and rented a car, turns out you can turn uh left on, read up there as long as there's no cars anywhere near the action. So we had a lot of fun just kind of running red lights. But yeah it was that that was a cool trip. But yeah the policy is really generous success
SPEAKER_R: And when?
SPEAKER_L: when you use it so often you're like I'm never home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: police, you can like travel now. Well I guess like you're like more like a life position to do so rather than like when you're older, like maybe you have like more life obligations at home.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah definitely. Um I take advantage of it as much as I can because I know soon my life circumstances will change and I won't be traveling at all. You're like darn. Oh man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I think about 27 minutes. Well we've got a very nice um
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: for talking to me. It was
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: very caring about
SPEAKER_L: meet you.
SPEAKER_R: you and your like travels.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah definitely. Um I don't know how I hang this thing up but I guess I'll figure it out
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, I just exit out
SPEAKER_L: I think so.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: All right well it's good talking to you. Take care
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you you too, bye.