Yeah. Hey there, how
are you
doing? Pretty good. Matthew,
Good to meet you. Cherry.
Oh yeah, I didn't really say in the instructions at all um a specific topic or what was uh it
was first.
Uh interesting because my didn't mention anything about prompts.
Um Yeah, so I live in Raleigh north Carolina 33 and I don't know, I'm a C. P. A.
Uh I live alone and uh I guess uh I travel a lot for work uh on top of that, I like to travel a whole lot myself on weekends
or whenever I get some sort of uh vacation. PTO sometimes sick time. Uh you know, I like to go take a weekend trip somewhere. Just got back from Sydney right before the whole covid thing happens. So
I went to Disney down in florida.
yeah.
yeah it was, I went november two years ago on Veterans Day weekend and it was incredible how you could just walk onto some rides that normally would be like an hour long you just walk
onto them and I was like what it's like who needs a fast pass when I can just walk, this is the best time to go.
Uh huh. I've gone three times now. I've gone through now in the past two years but before that had been like maybe 15, 16 years before I had been there.
No I haven't. I know
there's a
I have
Disney subscription
so
say it again.
Oh yeah it's got a bunch of surround it. Um
Holy crap that's nice considering how much tickets are, jeez that's pretty cool. So tell me about you.
Yeah what you graduated,
what did you graduate in? Like what was your major? Okay
what do you do? Any
ideas?
Oh nice. What was your internship then?
Very cool. It sounds like that could be it anything to go into like a C. P. A set of numbers and data is my my kind of thing. Uh huh.
Oh yeah. Yeah I mean I would say at my firm at least we're one of the big four Global and they always say that you know the layoffs are not something that we go through. We always have a shortage of people and we always have but this time around they're saying that as of july 1st if things don't get better that we could experience a round of layoffs like we haven't in 30 years or something and so.
Oh yeah and my office is very very small. I was in D. C. Office and it was about 2000 people probably
even more now two years ago and this rally offices like 75 people. Let's
go.
It was my choice. Yeah you're from California so you might be familiar with you know trying the real estate market is like here's a half a million dollar house that is from 1986 and nobody's ever renovated it or updated it $700 a month. H. O. A fee for all this crap that you don't really need or want to pay for. And I finally came to my parents actually lived here in Raleigh. Uh It was like am I really about to spend this kind of money you're and when I came to visit my parents during christmas I was like I'm just gonna put in for a transfer and just see if it goes through uh
three
months later it was accepted and I was like do I change this? I stay in D. C. And uh best choice I've ever made. I love it here in Raleigh. Um But unfortunately I think being a small office we have smaller clients which means that I'm probably at risk for layoffs coming up here soon. So what goods?
But,
it
is
Yeah that's not bad. Are you like in your Pittsburgh then?
Okay that makes sense. Yeah it was it was just rough. Which which a metro station were you near by the way? I actually lived in
right above Crystal City and also lived next to Eisenhower?
Orange
line.
No it's not.
yeah that's super nice when somebody else has got a car. Yeah it's not having one and like needing to go somewhere or like eating like groceries. That's yeah I
did that for
you.
it's a lot of upkeep. All
Mhm. Yeah I mean the only thing I didn't like about the D. C. Metro is how often it broke down. Mhm.
That's
it's
like
oh yeah they're terrible and you know you're thinking like after a while you kind of get to your routine if it takes me a half hour to get to work and then all of a sudden for like four weeks in a row that one metro stop whatever is has like a fire or something, it's like right now I'm taking the bus and it takes me an extra hour or so now it's an african to get some work every day and I
don't miss
it
for
well.
Yeah so there is pretty much driving here so I have a car now. Um But we have like buses and they uh to I guess you could say they run a huge swath of the city so it's
not just like within the actual downtown because of course we've got Riley, we've got Durham right here and maybe 10 miles from each other. So um we've got the buses and then there's actually an Amtrak that goes. Which.
Oh it's definitely especially because you know the bus stops around here, they stop at every single corner in your like
in like D.
C. Where
it would like stop at a certain ones and go to the metro. And I'm it's like now they do every single stop in that area and you're like
I'm never.
Yeah. Yeah so it's not too bad though. Uh
I was expecting it to be a little bit more rural when I moved here. Like more farming areas, stuff like that. I found that it's just whatever. I guess you say land that's there is, it's all bought, it's not like for sale. Um Somebody actually has like a working ranch or something like that. I was really expecting with this like huge areas of land or something like that. You can just buy bunch of acreage.
Yeah the state owns like half of it and I don't know what the hell.
Mhm. Uh So they're probably 30 minutes away. Um When I first moved here, uh my old roommates in D. C. Used to make fun of me saying that my room looked like a jail cell. Ah
there's like nothing on the walls, it was like here's a bed and here is your just like whatever staples you typically find a bedroom but nothing of like color would say. And so I moved here, I gave my mother my house key and my charge card and I was like
you know just on you know you know dressed the place up and uh I would cut, I work maybe like maybe a mile from work when I am here in the office and not traveling, I would come home for lunch and my mother and her friends would be in my house. I'm watching tv having coffee from the caribou caribou coffee that's down the street just hanging out in my house. I'm just like, uh huh
for real and it's like, how do you ask for it back after that? Um but uh so they're like a half hour away. Uh they used to visit a whole lot when I first got here and of course mom's coffee talks with her friends but that maybe like six months after that. I guess the newness were more off because I only see them like maybe like once a month unless there's something special going on. So
Yeah. They still ask though. Like I'm like christmas eve or something, are you going to stay over? Why the hell would I stay over now like mm hmm.
What?
Mhm. Yeah, it's too bad. They wouldn't do laundry for that. My mother to come do that for me short. Oh man,
Yeah, biggest student. I'm sure it's hard. I just, he was like two years ago. Like I suddenly, I work crazy hours and travel a lot for work and I suddenly was like, you know, I have all this vacation time and I actually have like money now. So why don't I just go things, you know? And it kind of started with, I went to New Orleans, I don't know if you're familiar with the voodoo fest music festival,
It's on Halloween and they've got like five stages, may have a bunch of different genres of music and it's for an entire weekend. And I went with some of my friends from charlotte and that kind of kicked off this like wild like vacations of, I've gone to New Orleans twice now, I've gone to Hawaii last year, Charlottesville. I shouldn't include Charlottesville. That's actually where I grew up, but I've gone there a couple of times, gone to Richmond on to Williamsburg, Virginia Georgia,
benda florida two times now. Um Actually no, with the florida three times, actually the past two years. Um basically if it's on the east coast and it's easy to get to. I've gone to it um
And actually Dewey Beach as well, uh right up near its kind of near where you are in Delaware. And then also philadelphia is another place I went for a week. And so um as long as within driving distance uh Sky's the limit. And then if I've got a fly places I usually try to make it, you no longer more special have national itinerary for what I want to do. As opposed to just
craft breweries
and
whatever things are fine.
Oh yeah it was they had the festival was like very organized that at 11 p.m. You know the shows are done and they had Uber on one side of the field and they had left on the other side. So you kind of everybody kind of diverged. Then there weren't enough drivers of course for what is it, 70,000 people or whatever, there was just hoards of people just walking all the way to like bourbon street and Frenchmen street. And
I had,
oh yeah, I mean they're just all over the place and that entire weekend was just wild and the other time I went there was for my best friend's bachelor party and there was actually 12 of us who went and it was kind of the exact same april and it was just all of us just kind of making sure that jay had a great time and doing wild dumb crap and it was a ton of fun. But
oh yeah, the only thing I can say is that if you are going to go, definitely go outside of like the summer season because otherwise you're not going to have fun because you're just gonna sweat so badly, so hot and it smells terrible.
No, I was gonna go three years ago um I had a friend who was actually in New Orleans doing, I'm not sure if you're familiar with, teach for America.
Yeah, she did a year down there and she happened to be there for that martin girl that year and I was gonna fly down but I ended up having to work for uh time that I needed off. So I was shoot um and of course now she's not there anymore so I got to find an excuse to go down. Mhm.
Um So international, the only Puerto rico really doesn't count since the U. S. Territory,
but then the only other place I've been to is Canada, we went to Winnipeg and that was for work. I went there every I went there for two weeks every month for two years. Um
Yeah we had an audit uh
client that was in Baltimore that had a big huge manufacturing facility in Winnipeg and they got tired of our Canada team auditing them because they were getting things wrong. So they ended up sending the US up there. Um So that's like the extent of my international but I would definitely say Hawaii was almost number one. It was just last year. It was it's like exactly how everybody portrays it, it's beautiful.
yeah the resort was awesome. Um They had mountains to go hiking hey God I was actually there for a friend's wedding. Uh But you know probably having all of my friends around as well was probably helpful to have a good, it was just so beautiful. I mean you couldn't mistake it just walking around. I've got videos and pictures on my phone that I watch sometimes now when I'm just
like
especially now when I'm stuck in my house I'm like take me back to Hawaii
for.
What
is
the temperature,
what
would you have done if you had
one and find
shelter?
Yeah exactly. See with binoculars or something from you can
grab you.
Oh man you have to go to a zoo or something like that. Mhm. Oh that's too funny. Well what other types of vacations have you taken that are pretty me
then. Mhm.
Oh nice. Yeah, we tried to go to uh is it british Columbia? What's the one that's all the way on the west side of um
And uh
I can't remember um our firm does this thing where if you don't fly home for the weekend and they allow you to kind of take like an alternative vacation and you anywhere as long as it doesn't cost any more than it would have to take you home. I remember there was a two week period where we were going to fly and I can't, we were gonna go to Banff National.
Oh yeah, I've seen tons of like social media, pictures of people, I'm just like, man, I want to go, well,
well we were going to take the weekend and my team was going to go and we ended up, uh I forgot what happened. Somebody had to fly home and it just like fell apart after that. But um the other place I really want to go is like Toronto in Canada.
I think that would just be so neat.
Oh yeah, I had a friend who worked for another big four firm uh way back when, oh gosh, 10, 10 years ago he was in Puerto rico, which is actually how I told you earlier I got to go to Puerto rico. Um He, he brought his roommate um as his spouse and her and I split my airfare and the two of us flew down there and his firm actually at the time gave him the extra amount of his airfare, which is like $700
for
the weekend. And we just went wild. Like we went to a rainforest for what
Carlton? The frame forest was so neat. Um Like you kind of like would imagine it as they probably show if you could see like movies and stuff,
the trees. Yeah, like it seems like two cans or anything, but um you walk for oh gosh, I don't know, three or four miles and then all of a sudden you come across this just huge waterfall. Mhm.
It was oh it was really neat. Um And then we got to go to a casino on his firm's dime him out the cash, so you know, he just had $700 that we just kind of wouldn't gambled and had dinner and rented a car, turns out you can turn uh left on, read up there as long as there's no cars anywhere near the action. So we had a lot of fun just kind of running red lights. But yeah it was that that was a cool trip. But yeah the policy is really generous success
when you use it so often you're like I'm never home. Yeah.
Oh yeah definitely. Um I take advantage of it as much as I can because I know soon my life circumstances will change and I won't be traveling at all. You're like darn. Oh man. Yeah.
I think
so
it was
meet you.
Oh yeah definitely. Um I don't know how I hang this thing up but I guess I'll figure it out
I think so.
All right well it's good talking to you. Take care