Hello.
I'm
good thanks, are you?
I'm terry.
Yeah. Good to meet you too. Um I'm not really sure what we're supposed to talk about.
I think
they had an email that said like they we could talk about whatever or there were also like problems, but I didn't actually end up seeing any of the problems, so um yeah, I'm not really sure about that.
Uh was it like um I set up through prolific. I don't know if you did, but like I got an email because like I asked about it. I don't know. Yeah, it's like how are you or like how are you doing? Um It's like, I don't know, tell me about yourself I guess.
Thank you.
please.
Oh, what did you tell?
Oh, okay, that's fine. Um
I went to Disney last I think july and it was so hot. I definitely think like March like would be a lot better time to go because like it was not as bad. There's not so many like kids who are out from school are going as well as crowded. Yeah.
Bye.
Do you go often?
Okay. Have you ever been to like the other locations
and
market Press?
I think
it really looks
like the biggest, so it's probably the most worth it.
Oh, like the one of florida, I think it's the biggest, so it's probably the most worth it, like if you're going to like just fine anyway.
Yeah, I actually grew up um like near the Disneyland in California, so um there are a lot of like programs um that were like offering, I think there was, it was like about the arts in school, so um I was in an orchestra at school and so we were offered free admission to Disney for a day if we would like play in the park for like an hour.
Um so I'm currently in pennsylvania Music School here. Um, but like I mentioned, I'm originally from California and they're like pretty much my whole life up into college. I actually just graduated like two years ago. Um, so that is like kind of exciting I guess, except, I don't know, just like being stuck inside a lot. And especially since I'm, uh, since I was a senior in college, I didn't have like a lot of work, so I just kind of like do nothing all day. Uh, but yeah, I'll be moving home soon, um, back to California in a couple of weeks values. I'll be able to see my family, but then I was just like job hunting, God's go applications. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah.
Well,
oh, I don't know, like I have been applying to a lot of like jobs especially ones that are kind of similar to the ownership I had last summer because I really enjoyed it. But like so far I haven't gotten anything.
Um It was a bank in like business analytics. Yeah.
Yeah. I was actually thinking like since it it feels like um I have like not like an equivalent job would probably choose someone who is like more well versed in like stats or something than me. Which is actually why I want to like go to grad school so I can learn a little more because I feel like a little unqualified. Um when I read like job postings these days but I'm kind of like not really sure. It just feels like everything is like up in the air so she kind of like Muhammad.
That's like terrifying.
With,
do you
move from D. C. To Raleigh like was that your choice or did um like your company move you?
Let me
exam.
like
I know like you see housing is so crazy because I actually um was near there last summer. Um I lived in Arlington Virginia but I was actually looking at um D. C. For housing because it's like close enough and actually a lot of other interns lived in D. C. Too. But I wasn't like A. D. C. Like housing facebook group and I didn't realize until I entered it like just how many people were looking for housing in D. C. Like other than like normal people. There's like all the Georgetown seven people. I went from like G. W. Um like the government interns. Yeah and there's just so many people trying to live there and I actually end up um it was pretty bad or like it was it was fine I guess because I live near the metro station, but I lived in a house with like um like 500 people and I rent was like 1800 a month. Yeah,
it was
crazy, like I had never paid that kind of money for rent because now um like where I am in pennsylvania, it's like not that expensive, like I written like 6 50 or something.
Yeah in Pittsburgh.
Oh the claim.
Uh Oh wait you know I was in East Falls Church um so it was like
one or two
stops to Mclean. Yes, it was really close like useful churches, also nothing most exciting place.
Yeah it was actually good because um the girl that I had connected to before the internship started, we found this Airbnb place together, so she actually brought her car, so we ended up driving to work every day and then when we went like uh like us we're talking or whatever, we would like take the metro then so end up being kind of cost effective.
I
grew
up in like the suburbs, so I've never really like had to drive because like growing up like at least by the time I got to like high school my parents would drive me to school. Um And then by the time I like my friends were driving, I just end up like bumming a ride off of them. Um So I never really learned how to drive and I really hope I don't need to like in the future. This sounds so annoying I guess.
I guess like considering like insurance and maintenance I don't even know if it would be cheaper than um like just taking public transportation everywhere.
yeah
and the wait
times
weren't that great either
it's
for
shit. And um
is there a
public transportation in Raleigh too? I thought it was mostly like more of like a driving kind of place?
thanks.
okay that's pretty useful I guess. Um I think I went to visit Raleigh once because I knew someone who was working at IBM over the summer and his roommate had a car but he didn't. So I think we walked to like one place and then we drove like for the rest of the weekend it was just really hard to get around without a car.
that's
so
efficient.
this is please
there's no one here.
No.
So there's a lot of greenery, but it's all like already settled.
interesting. Are you um like near where your parents live or um are you like close enough that you can see them but not close enough that they're like boys in your life?
huh.
Hello?
Uh huh. This is what you get for giving her the key.
Yeah, I guess now that you're around, they don't feel that they like need to like snatch every opportunity to you since they know like whenever they want your there.
I think that's like my sister and my parents because my sister went to college, 30 minutes away from where we live. Are you like an hour? It was close enough that like my parents could bring her groceries and stuff like that should come home whenever she wanted, but not close enough that like my parents were always dropping by um and officially graduated and went to grad school and then like got a job.
She still lives, like it's not the same place but still the same distance I think. Um give me a little further, so it's like about an hour away, so we do visit her sometime, so I'm always always like, she doesn't come home even though we're not, not bad clothes or not that far, but like it's enough for her to keep her space if you want.
Other than um Disneyland, what kind of places you go for your weekend trips or even like your longer trips? I guess. I'm pretty curious because you like traveling um but I haven't been able to do that a lot like
Oh, I've never heard of it.
The money.
shit.
So
just
like
yeah on the fly, my friend actually really recommended going to New Orleans. I've heard it's pretty crazy normally, but especially if it's like Halloween and like a music festival, it must be like insane.
Oh okay. It's like a small
parade almost.
That's fun.
Oh yeah, I would expect have you ever been during like um like Mardi gras time?
Oh yeah, I've heard of that.
What's your favorite like domestic trip and favorite international trip?
But
Oh wait, that's like half half of your time
and
Like it's amazing. The beaches are expensive.
just
like bring memories back.
verse
verse yourself back. I think I've only been to Hawaii um once when I was really young. I don't remember at all, but I spent a summer in Alaska recently um I was like doing like a workshop something I don't know. Um I was basically like um like reading books and studying under a professor from chapman University and Alaska this summer is so amazing because it's not cold. Um
and it's just like very
magical.
Uh it's like pretty warm. I remember it was like 60 or 70 or something, so it wasn't like hot hot but it was very comfortable. Um we like bike everywhere and it was very like magical on a tree. I really tried to like see a bear, but it's probably good that
I did. Uh
I'm sure, I'm
I
know there's like guys about like what to do depending on the bear, like if it's like a flag bearer you should do this or like it's a brown bear, you shouldn't do that. Um But I just really want to like soon in the flesh it feels like from from the way it would have been fine.
but
I know some other people who are in the program did say that they saw one, tell us like if they saw and they got out of it alive then I can do it too. Yeah.
Um You mentioned
so that actually made me think of um where I have some family in Vancouver. Um I haven't visited them recently, I think the last time was a couple years back. But I also really like Vancouver in the summer because it's like it's very nice. Um And we went like very picking a couple of times and we got like pounds and pounds. They were really fresh and just like a nice like family memory. Yeah.
Well I think
you know what I think british Columbia's on the E. Oh wait no it's on the west. Yeah I think that was on the west.
Oh I've heard of that, I heard it's really beautiful.
Then I'll go.
anyway
yeah that's a really cool policy to, it's like you could get really creative with like how you finna global going places with that
Okay. Okay. Like for his
crystals?
that is so
Like birth stripping?
that sounds really
And when?
police, you can like travel now. Well I guess like you're like more like a life position to do so rather than like when you're older, like maybe you have like more life obligations at home.
Oh, I think about 27 minutes. Well we've got a very nice um
Thanks
for talking to me. It was
very caring about
you and your like travels.
I'm like, I just exit out
and
yeah, you you too, bye.