what?
Hey, how's it going?
All right. So I guess I finally made it. So, um, my name is Gabe and I am from, uh, from boston massachusetts.
Oh, nice. Where in Washington? Oh, nice. Perfect. Yeah. Um, I love those parts. I come there. Well, I used to fly there for work too. Seattle of quite a few times. So it's right, right near the airport. Right.
Well I wasn't living there. I was just visiting but, but it was, it was nice. It was except for the rain. Everything else was was really nice. I like the nature and everything.
Got yeah, I'm sure you have, you have to write, you don't really have a choice.
Got it.
in the Philippines are you from?
Okay. Never heard of it. It's on my list to go visit. I've never been to the Philippines, but I really would like to go visit sometime.
Yeah, as soon as they open up travel again, I'll have to do it.
No, no go ahead, go ahead. I was saying. Yeah, I'm sure it's really hot. Yeah,
well
got it. Okay. So what uh what brought you to the States
grab
it?
beautiful. So
yeah, why why Washington state? I'm curious.
that makes sense.
Got
gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now the only reason I know smoking is because they have is in Gonzaga University in Spokane, is that right? I think so,
No it's
ok.
Yeah. I'm actually I'm also not sir, I wasn't born here, I was born in Italy as well so I came here as well a while back now a lot of years ago but
I'm sorry say it again? I didn't I didn't hear that.
Oh well so where where I'm from, we speak italian so from from Italy so um it's a different language but uh I grew up here, so that's why I lost most of our, my accent. I still have some, but not, not as bad as it used
to be. Yeah,
Thank you. Yeah,
well I've been here a lot of years, so
when
I was a kid too, so that's, that's why it's, yeah,
yeah, it's finished. Um Cool. So I, do you have any, I have, do you have any pets and your kids? I'm married with with a dog, so that's,
that's kind
of our
Yeah, I'm sure he, he takes up a lot of your time. Nice.
Yeah,
No, my my wife as well, so I have a wife and a dog.
No. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Especially now right with being having to stay indoors so much to have someone. So are you guys can you, because you guys wear the very first ones like the first state to have you in California to have a lot of like covid cases. Are you guys okay? Are you better now
or?
Got
it.
Got it. So are you is everything like can you restaurants open or you guys are they all closed?
Got
it.
That's
good.
Yeah sure you have to work I'm sure you have to wear like masks and stuff when you go out. Right.
All
Yeah
same.
Yeah. Yeah we're supposed to um it goes on and off the they've divided the States in different areas and so depending on how many sort of new positive cases each area has then they have different things that that the areas need to do. So in our case we are I think okay because restaurants are open but I don't think you can eat indoors or you have very limited number of people that can eat indoors. So, you know, we have to wear a mask when we go outside. Um, all like big sporting events, stuff like that, everything is closed. So it's still, yeah, it's not as bad as right away when we have to stay locked inside, but it's, it's still a long way from being normal.
Yeah, As long as I don't, I don't know if it's mandatory. So obviously like the mayor says, you know, you have to wear a mask when you go out, but when you walk around, some people just don't wear it and I don't know
if it's, I don't think there wasn't, there was, I think maybe one or two weeks where if you weren't wearing a mask, you would get a fine. But I don't think, I don't think that's still the case. I think if you don't wear a mask, you just, nothing happens. People look at you bad, but nothing really happens.
Uh huh.
Seriously, do you guys also have like, um, grocery stores here? I have like one way aisles so there will be like arrows on the floor.
Yeah. Well they don't care. Kind of like the mask. Right?
true. Yeah. It's also political now, right. It's like, oh, if I wear a mask, I'm for one side and if I don't come from the other side, so it's uh,
No, I haven't voted yet. I was, I want today for, because it's not, so it's early voting. So I went today, but the place that I went to is closed on weekends, so I'm gonna have to go on on monday, but I haven't got it yet.
it's, I mean it's fine. I'm not I don't I'm not a big believer that you know the mail is going to get lost or anything like that. But I mean it doesn't cost me anything. So even if there is a very small chance that it does get lost, it's easier for me to just walk over so I'll just do that.
Yeah, I just don't know or no. And plus I was reading that all the places here to go vote, everyone was saying they're very well organized. You know, there's not a lot of people their social business and going on so there's no there's no concerns with any of that. So it's like then why not do it?
Yeah. It's crazy right? Because it feels like there's a clear it's like biden's in the lead but it was the same thing four years ago where you know, everyone thought that trump was going to lose, many ended up winning. So it's it's definitely exciting and scary and and a lot of things, a lot of emotions going on.
no I want to, well not those two but I I used to travel a bit for work so I went to uh well, europe have been pretty much everywhere in europe. Um I went to um china for Beijing a couple of times, I went to Singapore which was very nice.
Uh I went to Delhi once for a couple of days which was kind of crazy but it was it was really nice to just see how different. I went to South Africa once, it's I was always working so I didn't really have a chance to visit too much but it was it was a lot of just even just being in different cities and seeing different people and just breathing a different air. It was so much fun and so much so interesting. I loved it. I really loved it.
mess.
Yeah. Well the Japan is definitely my wife and I have a list of places that we want to go visit and Japan is definitely on the list because it's so fascinating right? How different it is out there and instead of culture and everything going on they're both like all the modern stuff and then all the history and and you know so it's yeah that's definitely on our on our bucket list to do. Um
For sure. Yeah and europe is so like having lived in europe it's just so easy to visit because everything is like A two Hour Flight Max. So if you're if you live in, if when I was living in Italy you could literally just get on the plane two hours you're in spain Portugal Greece, you know, u k France Germany, it's so close so it's just so easy
you're there. Yeah,
well it takes it takes me longer to fly from here to to see tack to Seattle than it does for me to fly from here to the UK.
It's crazy. Yeah.
That's crazy. Yeah.
Who knows
with everything that's going on when everything will open back up, right? Oh
yeah. That money and then there's kind of even fly and then your kids obviously very young so it's it's another like difficult thing to do right
with
as crazy
are
right? Yeah, I'm sure as he becomes more independent and it makes it a little bit easier for you as well.
Not
too easy,
but a little bit easier.
This
not
yet. Now
we
have the dog for now that's at
some
point
we'll we'll have
kids
but
yeah and yeah so my wife was living in in italy up until a few years ago so it's steps right it's now we're both here so we're going to but not not just yet.
being young yeah
um Cool. Do you have any any hobbies, anything that you like to do?
Is it like traditional like Philippine cooking or do you do you do a little bit of everything?
I've
no I'm not I'm not no.
Yeah
right makes
sense yeah
american food isn't all that great, it's just like fried stuff right
so it's like
got
it. So what what is adobo that is that what you want?
got it. My wife loves to cook too, so she's always cooking italian food mostly, but uh
but she likes, yeah, but yeah, that's part of it. Um but she likes to experiment, so she's cooking like chinese tonight for example. So I'm going to have to ask her to try try cooking some adobo and some filipino food.
Nice, definitely. It's, that's that's another great thing about traveling, is just eating all these different things, right? Because even if you eat, say, I don't know, japanese food here, it's it's completely different if you actually eat it there, you know, just the way they make it, the flavors and everything is just completely different. So
yep. Yeah, I remember when I, when I visited Singapore, it was great. There was this um big, the place right in the middle, it was like a market, but it was all little like food places and so people would, you just go in there and then you would get like different items and different dishes from these different food places and you would sit down and eat everything. It was so good, it was amazing. It was, it was such a great experience and it's like, and that's probably one of the best parts about traveling is just that is just like eating all sorts of different weird things I think.
got
it,
got it, have you ever been to Vancouver? That's really close to you guys and I've heard of it.
Beautiful,
nice. That's beautiful. Yeah, I've I've I've been this side in Canada sort of the the east coast of Canada but I've I've never been over on the west coast but I've heard it's really nice.
definitely.
just to visit, yep,
speak french over there. Right,
it's probably british is english yeah. So
No I don't know
when
is it over on the west coast
East coast? Okay I don't
think I've heard of it.
Got it.
got
it got it. So your sister is still in Canada studying?
Got
it. Who?
My
that's
pregnant.
Yeah for sure. So do you still have family back in in the Philippines?
trade
yeah my wife went through the same thing. We got a green card for her and it took her like three years almost. Maybe a little bit more than that to get everything started. So yes
definitely.
No no she's italian
but
no that's yeah
but but the process I'm sure is the same. So very very long. Very hard.
I think
so.
but it's
worth it
Uh huh. I don't know that. I think my wife was telling me that here in our state they actually they waved it. So there's no more application fees to become
a citizen or to get a green card. I haven't
looked at it. But that's what she was telling me. Yeah. Mhm. Color for me.
Yeah.
That
yeah, I remember it was very like expensive back in the day as well for me when I did it. So yeah, that was that was crazy.
Very true. Very true. So is this the first election that you're voting in or is it your second one?
that's awesome. Yeah.
Same here. I've never voted either. So it's it's
not going to be my first
time as well. Yeah.
Yeah. It seems
to you
that's you know, your your official right when you get to vote so that's that's always exciting.
Yeah I find that especially and I was very easy to like have arguments with people with friends if you if for some reason you're on opposite sides and it's very easy to just start arguing so not saying anything is a very good idea to
keep the peace.
yeah exactly
be very diplomatic about it call. So
yeah, so I mean I think we got another
minute or so. Yeah.
So
so
who
is your, can you hear me? Can
you hear
me?
Can you hear me okay?
Can you hear me? Hello?
Mm Hello? Can you be? Mhm
Okay
can you hear me Japan? Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Can you see me well? Right what?
Yeah yeah yeah. Hello, can you hear me? Okay? And mhm Hello?
Yeah No. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Talent Yeah.