Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Hello.
Good afternoon on.
Good God.
Great, nice meeting you. I'm an and I'm from Washington state.
Yeah. It is very nice here. And how is it by the way when you live here before?
Oh yeah. Great. Yeah keep reeling here almost every day but it's it's not hard. Yeah it's okay. I used to eat
Oh yeah. Well well I came from the Philippines. Yeah. Yeah.
I live here for like seven years now. I love it here though. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes I do.
You need to go there. Yes. It's very nice, very nice place. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes you need to yes very crowded and it's different. Big difference is very hot you know people in the. Yeah. Sorry?
Yeah it is a lot of americans living there and they go there for vacation almost almost a beer every year
you know?
Yes because I met my husband online and before yeah he's not my husband before and
then
we decided to settle down and to be here. Yeah.
is very nice.
Uh Yeah he he was born here in spoken and it's he's very familiar with the place
and and it's close to a military base at Madigan Hospital and yeah he's
a retired military so it's very easy for him to access the base.
I'm not familiar I'm sorry
it's
okay know what? Yeah. Mhm
it's not obvious because your accent is very is it Middle East is uh english or they have their own uh language
is in the Middle East. Uh They're speaking english or another language.
because
you're upset is very american I mean. Uh Yeah.
huh
that's
why.
nice.
you're
married.
Yeah I have a little boy four years old and he's sleeping right now and I don't have a pet, you know? So I I keep me busy. My boy. My myself. Yeah.
Yeah.
So you're living alone with your dog, is that?
I'm sorry. Okay,
that's good. Good. Yeah. Uh Very nice to have a partner, you know?
Now
yeah, we're doing okay right now but still have um cases but it's not it's not that bad. And before we I
think
that the case is starting here in in our our state. Yeah. But they they the what we call that they control it right away.
Yeah. Like three weeks. Their clothes and then uh they opened already and
we started
to go out and get, there wasn't a while, you know when we get
bored
in the house.
That's mandatory. Yes. For
safety. Yeah.
Is how how
Yeah. Oh same, invest in your state?
Yeah. How about the parks, can you go and uh what woke up in the park or an activity?
And
yeah, this is, I mean here they don't enforce. I mean they don't enforce. Yeah, the rules, you know, so I can still see that people is not wearing masks either. Yeah. And I said to my, yeah, this is not good, you know? Yeah. So
we try to avoid crowds and when we go like we go to grocery stores, we try not to, you know, get away from from the crowds. Yeah.
Yes. Especially in walmart Albertson's. Yeah. But sometimes people, they don't read.
they don't care. Well that's that's too bad. I mean I feel bad with it. Yeah. And I can I can I can tell them that. Oh, I don't know. It's not it's not my business, you know, so mhm
so by the way did you vote for the male or for election for for president?
So you pray for voting in person instead of female? That's
yeah that's my my plan to is to uh go and vote in person yeah but I don't know, I'm still planning with it, but it's better in person. Yeah
exactly, yeah, you're right there, yeah, yeah, I'm so excited, I'm so excited who will be the next president, you know?
that's politics for sure right, but the politics, yeah, so um have you visited uh different countries like Japan or um Korea or,
mm.
I think you're, it's an explorer, you know, I've never been to europe, you know and yeah I never been to europe, but I've been to Japan, Korea, just
visiting. Just might make my face like that. It's very nice.
that's great,
that's wow
that's very amazing.
No kidding.
awesome.
I hope I can visit the that place to, I don't know I am, I don't know
here.
and any savings I need to, I need to do a lot. Yeah. Money money, money money.
it's
not easy. Yes you're right there uh
for yeah for for four years of taking care of him until now it's it's still it's hard but it's a little better than before when he
when he was too young. Yeah.
Yeah I'm looking
for over
there.
I hope so. Yeah.
So the uh do you have any case or are you planning to
have
that
yet?
And
I know
that's it.
enjoy,
enjoy,
enjoy first, enjoy your yeah Together No one in Rana.
Yeah enjoy first enjoy your your what they call that being married. Being very not yet.
being and that's exactly that's the right term. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I read books and sometimes you know I love cooking. Yeah. Yeah cooking for us. I I always cook Philippino force right away but my husband love it all. I just
yeah Philippine filipino cooking like adobo. Have you familiar with the Dubuque? Uh
Olympia
you know? Oh yeah my husband he's he loves up he loves my cooking filipino dish and sometimes yeah called american food but it's not that I'm not good cooking cook cooking with american food. So he's just like if he starving american food we go to a restaurant.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah
two.
mostly very drive. I'm not used to it. I love uh so I mean so every male rice and american foot now
burger.
Adeboye support like yeah work. All you have to do is just put on your um kinda like onion our sources and then uh that's it. I think vinegar and stuff like that. It's very easy. Yeah sometimes you just uh google I mean use youtube tutorial. Yeah. Yes.
Spaghetti.
Yes yes try it. That's in your job. Yeah and it's very easy. I know she will be a very good cook with that. Yeah.
Yeah exactly I am I'm agree with that. Yeah it's very big different. I mean every country has their own um what you got dish you know uh Yeah korean is different chinese I think it's a little different you know. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I'm not I'm not that what they call this I don't have a lot of experience uh traveling with outside the countries. But I tried I tried a little a little bit yeah it's
very
very good. Yeah.
sir.
Yes sir we've been there for uh we're taking cruise ship. What? Yeah we've been to chateau to Juneau and we start to victoria. Is that yeah then cover here.
Yeah you can you can try. It's very nice.
Yeah it's amazing. I love that. I want to go back here. I want to go back there and maybe they took three days you know. Right
yes visit and explore a little bit of the place of the yeah victoria area. Yeah
I think so yeah. The from our friends or british is that the same british friends?
Okay so yeah I think I speak british and then I've been to North Bay Canada. Have you have you been there too? It's
it's
a small city, it's very nice. Yeah.
East coast.
I think
close. It's not I think it's not real well and it's a very small very small city. I'm still
developing right now. Um I send my sister there to college in uh Canada or college and she still studying right now. It's very nice
there.
Yes she's
taking
biotech biotechnology. Mm. Yeah. So we we visit visited a couple of times now and we're looking
forward for another one when when when the when this virus decline
you
know, so it's time to explore again.
Yes. My mom, my father and my one brother they are still there. Yeah and I'm trying to process their documents to come over here visit us. It's hard though. It takes like two years but well well defended
them.
Oh she's filipino.
I'm sorry,
I'm
sorry. Yeah. Yeah italian
look
especially
now
especially now yeah there's very strike strike and then
they.
Exactly that's the nice that's that's the nice result. There is the application fee now. Almost double. Yeah.
Well
kidding
So because I read in the Internet getting a couple months ago and the application for citizenship the double it like before when I applied like 700 something And now it's like 1200 something now. Oh
thank
you.
but it's worth it. I'm very happy now. I don't need to worry you know I don't need to worry catch name. Stop me or ask me something you know the same citizens so they killed it.
Yeah for for the national yes this is my first yeah.
I think
you
for a second.
congratulations
thank
you thank you. Yeah
yeah so I I shared it to my husband one time and said no no no I don't need to hear that. That's your own um what it's your own decision That mine I go okay all right I'll keep it
you're
right there yes sir that's that's what I did to yeah to keep the relationship you know with with your friends and family. Just better just to shut remote up. Yeah
that's still quite
wendell.
Be the connection.
Hello
Are you
still
there?
The
connection?
Is that the declare
it's okay
Mhm mm. Oh yeah yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Mhm wow guy.
Me.
Okay. Mhm. Yes. Mhm.
Okay.