you know,
hey morning,
I'm doing okay. Uh My first time doing this, I'm not sure what
the
second
time.
So there's the instructions I had just have a normal conversation. Is that that's just
it.
Okay. Well, that's cool. I you never know what uh with the researchers. You know, if your, I thought, wow, I could end up with A. I. Or some uh you think
the
patron?
Yeah. Well, um, and I didn't see any rules. So it's like we can just talk about anything.
Okay. Well, hey, I'm roger.
I'm all right Kobe. But C. O. B.
Hey Obie. Why? Okay, Cool. Oh, so um, I'm gonna ask, where are you at right now. I mean I'm like in
the
country.
Okay. I'm in Arizona near phoenix.
Yeah. Yeah. Um Pretty far, pretty hot out here.
Woman
luke. Sometimes right now we get something they call the monsoon season. Where
yeah, we get, well it's been wimpy and we're in a long drought. But the humidity goes up. The only positive thing is that clouds come out when the humidity goes up so you get a little less sunshine. But we're still looking at like 115 today.
Oh yeah. Well in the humidity you know I go up I went up to D. C. Oh no it was may it wasn't bad actually but when I go up to like Minnesota in the fall it might be 80 85 with um at least I I just die.
No.
Oh yeah in september it'll hit 80 90 around the state fair time.
They get it bad. They get there's some bulge that comes up with the airstream jet stream. I don't know. But they
yeah they get bitter cold pockets in the winter and sometimes get the record in the country for low temp. And then in the summer they get high humidity and hot so it's like I didn't mind moving away. Okay. Okay.
Uh huh. There's some people, especially out outstayed
aways in the smaller towns that kind of talk like that. It's it threw me the first time I thought I was being punked. I went to a wedding in a very small town and people were in a church and for the after the wedding party like and they can beer and coolers and pulled up to perhaps and they were talking like in Fargo and I'm like I asked when I said oh that's really funny. Should you
not?
you know I only saw like clips of it. I didn't have the I want to say it was on cable or something.
Okay. Hey you're in D. C. Is that what the boys?
Oh wow. Yeah. I went for five days kind of to do the Smithsonian thing and there's a couple of years ago they it coincided when they were having this march for Science became a or two after the first big woman's March I think that was.
Yeah the science one like two months later I think it was on the Smithsonian campus but it was like a rainy day and a lot
of
people
but they don't make so much noise. Not so much chanting instead they're like lab coats and signs with science puns. Mm. Yeah
it was kind of like advocating. I think he had been doing some stuff already like denying oh denying the climate change. And he had been already shutting down, lowering funding for some of the science programs and not maybe shutting down but putting a new directors in charge of things like the Department of Energy or the E. P. A. Who would be able to do his biting when it comes to the funding and what you know. So he was doing some harm to programs he even said to point to the weather service you can't use words like global warming. You know
I think it was I don't know that it was a written mandate but it was one of those things he said, you know and pass it on down through, I don't want to see any of that and yeah
yeah I didn't like um I mean I'm not really deeply watching it but when I when I listen to like that uh Gretta Duisenberg girl with she's saying that even the paris accords if we all agreed to them and hit the targets, they're not high enough. I mean they're not having us do enough to stop things from getting really bad in 50 years. So she says you know that it's nice but it's not enough and I'm like okay we're out of it. But you know, just pulling us out of all sorts of stuff. Like I think he pulled us out of the who world.
All
I hear you. Yeah, that's yeah, that's funny. All the countries that are the organizations china has sway with doesn't like anyone recognizing Taiwan.
Hi. So um have you been seen like in your area where you live you have you seen much with protests over black lives Matter?
Yeah. Uh I'm with a group of humanists here in in phoenix and and they were trying to get people to come out, you know for our group and stand on the corner with signs and stuff, but at six p.m. This was a month ago, but it was already over 100 each day. And it's like oh it's really it's it's sound it's like you want to go out there but I think it really the heat really sculptures what people here are doing.
Great.
I hear that. Yeah I've been going. So these this humanist group. I mean they have uh they started a class where it's like a book club where over five weeks it's a book called so you want to talk about race. Um and it's a black woman who he's talking a lot about what white people can do, you know and how to realize they got certain privilege whether they know it or not. And but the name of the classes, how to be anti racist for white people. And it's the biggest meeting we've had so far in the Zuma 80 some people signed up the first session but it's like they're giving us some ideas but it's really uh like a bunch of us went down here we have many uh um what sort of majority? But next is latino in Arizona we have many people not just for Mexico many countries. So a lot of those people are in the in the thing to like, hey, you know what, what's going on? It's a real like.
Yeah. Yeah that's that's so over going over monday was like all the a lot of statistics but but just showing that there's a lot of different ways besides just the police interactions where the color of your skin, you know matters as to whether you get a bank loan or good credit card rate or whatever you historic.
Yeah. You know in Arizona here they do. Uh I have mobile home. I've lived in for 10 years but when I left Minnesota I had been in a home for a long time that I owned and the last time I had rented you could go in and just talk to someone fill out a form. Mm I never had anyone call references. Now you got paid like 35 bucks and they'll check your history with some agency like rental history, they'll call your previous landlord or whoever and they'll look at your credit to and it's
Yeah and you don't I'm like is it anything like that in D. C.
Okay. Yeah Arizona is um there has been historically kind of Republican and very friendly towards businesses and not too many rules unless the rules only apply to poorer people and then they charge fees for everything. So they keep saying we'll never raise taxes. But um they you know it's now almost $100 a year for me to renew my car license registration.
Yeah. And they're like so we're like well we got to get money somehow but we won't raise your taxes. But
it's
like
yeah. So so you're, can I ask? I've been reading a little bit about dc lately and the whole statehood thing and I'm like like so you get a driver's license, is it? It's just like the District of Columbia issue.
Fuck.
So it's like and you get to vote in like precinct or local stuff like
wards.
okay. It's just that you don't get the representation.
All the license.
That's
I
was
Yeah. I think it's not to brag. So what you're trying to rub it in the federal government's knows but I don't know that the senators care.
Here. Oh I am so hoping we get. I'm not in love with biden but I saw hope trump has gone this year.
yeah. Yeah they are.
No,
no
I I am so with you. I was I I actually sent money last year before they picked bite and I was sending money to Andrew yang and a couple other candidates who had some really new ideas. But you know they all ended up falling out. But I I never sent money for my personal funds before to a candidate. But I was not excited about the thought that we might something other than a 70 year old white guy who
it's
very.
I used
to know
you're absolutely right. I figured there's a lot of stuff in the back room. A lot of people know things about other people and they apply pressure and stuff to get what they want and I don't know. Somehow they got the bite and
I'm with you there. Yeah, biden is like
maybe
honey. But if he says something really stupid, all he can do is lose people I don't know say anything that will bring trump supporters to his side.
yeah you're right. Whoever's whoever speaks the most.
and they
still.
Yeah. And some of it oh trump's already throwing a fit about the mail in voting.
No.
Does D. C. Let you vote by mail?
Okay. Arizona is right. We're in this weird place where like purple so we're one of six swing states but we don't have the most the electoral votes. But but right now buying is only like 5% above trump. And it was like that with Hillary so it's like Yeah way.
Yeah. Yeah. I think, I don't even know that they realize it, but I think we're at a time when when the world is changing and like a lot of jobs aren't coming back and even though White Castle here in Arizona later this year, I think they have a new version of a robot that's going to do all the flipping of the hamburgers. Yeah
this is you know experiment but they're actually putting it in the restaurant to serve people, you know it's going to be going full blast and uh and I'm like kind of like, hey, I kind of like it. I'm like I've worked in factories when I was younger. It's you know, you end up with like
no.
elbow chris every job I've had is taking a toll except for you know, a couple of the better ones. And it's like man, if a robot can do that and then we can somehow I'll share in that money, why shouldn't we be able to do what we want to do with our lives? But it's like biden and all that older generation have this thing that people want to work so that they can have value in themselves and people, people will just sit around and do nothing if you give them money and food and shelter. And I'm like I think they're totally wrong but so hard to uh get their mindset out of that. So it's like, oh I don't know if I can use the word anymore, but it's like wage slavery. I call it, you get in your expect and you have to work if you want to have that insurance and it doesn't matter what your employer says or dusty or how they treat you unless you are lucky and can have some place better to go. You have to deal with it. If you don't, you lose your healthcare, you lose your place. So I mean it's not not to denigrate actual slavery where there
you
know.
I'm sorry my my my mostly white humanist group has got me um pins and needles about all
the different ones.
Come.
Yeah that's yeah that's what's important. Right? Hearing the thoughts. Uh
Yeah. Can I ask how old you are? You're
26.
Okay. Yeah. 26. I don't think you get any new privileges with that age, do you?
Well.
Okay. I'm 56 like I don't know how that happened, but
26 I used to say um Oh no, you're frozen. Are you still there? Okay.
Okay. Just a little hiccup I guess. Yeah, I've got a little symbol flashing
well I'm still here if you can hear me? Um I'll um I'll just hang on here men and see if uh see if it comes back. I hope it's not my um Let me see. I still have internet connectivity. Uh huh. What does the red flashing mean? Bottle play? Used the camera. Used the microphone. Yeah. Right. Hi. All right back. Oh
so 26 are you are you working in school or what you got going on? Yeah.
yeah. And you got to, what are you studying,
wow, are you with?
so are you
in
your
upper level yet? Like?
I
made it through three years, the university towards biochemistry, but part of that was a full year. Just one year of physics. And then a lot of mouth, but the physics was easy enough when it was the, you know like Newtonian stuff, just motion problems. It's uh I kind of wish I knew more about the quantum and stuff. That's all the rage to talk about at the coffee shop. Now some of my older friends are engineers or scientists or computer programmers and I'm kind of lost sometimes when they're talking that. Yeah.
Excuse
me, nuclear wow. What do you get to do with that when you're you have a goal or
what,
Yeah, I'm sure a lot of the basics
and the
thought processes, problem solving. It's all the same or post enough I mean. Yeah. Yeah.
Well that's cool. That's um I read that, have you been reading about the talk? I don't have to say taco marks the fusion experiments. I hear a there I saw a news article the other day about Iter over in europe and I was like, oh is it close to coming online? And they're like we're starting to put it together, you know, first energy five years. And then if that goes okay we'll start installing the extra magnets and then we'll see, oh I got to live a long time without.
No.
Making
and
move into
people and
surely he
never did.
He
just
like talking well yeah, he didn't he get
like he got some kind of sensor from like who the stock market people, they said you can't go making tweets and stuff that might influence the value of the stock.
man,
I
I can't imagine being that out of touch. I mean having so much money like I'm gonna dig a hole and with my car really fast to work until people uh huh.
You
know,
he did dig a,
he did do dig one in California shortly after that they started digging a big pit that would lead down to the entrance where the boring would be done. But yeah, as far as we knew, he had no plan or anything you didn't, yeah, I've seen a video with the car that goes down it and it's like concrete and then maybe some steel bumpers and then on the car they have to mount two wheels laterally. Yeah, Yeah.
It
just keeps
it
in space. I'm like, oh, that's, that's
I'm
like,
it's
just
for
him and yeah, I'm sure this new uh, crop of engineers and scientists will come up with some much more useful ideas.
Oh, we did
it.
Youtube
as a youtube. Have
a good life
out there. Oh,
Yeah, that's all right.
What, so we just close the tab and then?
So
go over there. Oh, I see.
How was
it?
Quite a growing something here. She quick. No issues, some issues but can completed the chad showed up.
meeting,
y'all.