No
how are you doing?
it's my second
time
doing
it. Mhm. Yeah.
basically
yeah you basically just talk for 25 minutes and then and then and then they just didn't you answer some questions afterwards?
some of
them
some of some of them actually do work like that like they will tell you you're like match with somebody the whole time. They're just already preset things.
Yeah literally just say anything. Like last time I did it we looked at some like icebreaker question.
I'm Kobe, How you doing?
K. O. B.
I'm
from
uh I'm in D. C. Right now actually yourself.
Mhm mm It's pretty far,
I mean we're getting 90
degree weather read now because the summer. But isn't that is it not human down there? I guess? Not
A lot of rain.
That's terrible. I thought I thought I was doing something with 95
in Minnesota. Maybe
80 in Minnesota.
Why I don't that that's going to save captain opportunity for me
airport or whatever.
you're from Minnesota. I can kind of catch the accent a little bit. The only thing I know about Minnesota is uh Fargo. That's yeah.
But
And then there,
Yeah, that's funny. Did you did you watch Fargo?
Yeah, I think I saw, I saw like afterwards off tv, but I think it was okay. It was in effect, I think.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, basically outside of school.
I would remember the woman's March. I didn't know they had it much right afterwards, a couple days afterwards. Something else
Kind
of
murky.
mean, were they really were they really advocating for anything and we're just like, appreciate showing appreciation for it.
Well, that's a mandate. That's a mandate actually.
Just denying it for no reason. What do you what do you what do you what do you feel about him pulling out of that uh that whatever he pulled out of from what is the paris or whatever treaty paris treating for a while ago.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah he did. Yeah definitely that I mean but they too are kind of correct but they can't use they can't use Taiwan and they're speaking
thank you. Yeah like but like but still but there's still a legitimate organization is that they're kind of still corrupt.
so they literally like he remember somebody asked him a question one of the people that question they just like blue like totally didn't acknowledge it.
Yeah. Yeah basically I mean when it was when it was in a plump. Yeah I guess yeah it wasn't really I guess they had some type of unrest but usually straightforward. I mean we have a we have one of them black white letter streets now I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I didn't go, I mean I had work to do but so so I couldn't really just go out and like give up. I mean I could have went on some
weekdays, weekends I guess. But some people, I mean people you don't have to, that's not to me my personal, that's not the only way you can show support. You can just agree with it and just follow it in your life and following your life and that's that's good enough for me basically.
I just want to, I mean I mean everybody just wants to learn. I mean I like I like how the conversation that started then people actually want to grow and show growth and understand what needs to be changed. There's people that just, they want to, if somebody were to bring up the alarm, they will bring up something else. Like that's not a good like like it's a good uh rebuttal that's like saying that, you know what I mean? Like like people being like black on black crime. Yes that's a problem. But like if I tell you like the police officer is killing us, like what are you gonna tell me? Okay black people are killing you too. What does that mean? That's not like that's not a good guy but that's not a good rebuttal. You're comparing government, your parents compare government paid but workers to my peer like that. You're just not on the same level. I mean don't say I'm not saying it's right or wrong, I'm just they're just not on the same level. They should be held to different standards.
Yeah. We can get where you can move in at mortgages and all of that.
It's a much bigger process. They make, they make you pay for them to check you up.
I mean basically, but like I don't, I never heard of calling like former Rendall that kind of like credit checks and stuff basically.
Yeah. That's ridiculous.
Which
is
the same exact thing is the same exact thing.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just basically looks, I mean every, you know, every license in every state is different looking. But yeah, it's the same thing. This one card that they can get on a plane and whatnot same thing.
It's
warrants
towards Yeah,
yeah, yeah. It's whenever it's on it's on all uh what's it called? The car is the
license plates, license plates, Yeah, taxation without representation. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know why they put that on there. Like that's a good thing. Like I always thought that like that's not a good thing. I don't know why I like your should
be
proud of it.
Yeah. That's not gonna, that's not gonna happen anytime soon with any red house, any red part of Congress, like any any part of Congress's red. That's not happening like you need all three blues and if it's not, yeah, it's just gonna be a federal place.
Yeah. Nobody, nobody is in love with vitamin. It's terrible. It's there. I don't know how they don't know how the democrats put two people that can lose to trump twice in a row. Like the only two people, the only two people that can lose to him twice in the room. Like I don't know like I don't understand it. Yeah.
That's what makes me think like that there has to be some stupid establishment because you literally picked the only two people that ran that can lose to him twice in a row
and making
no sense.
It
has been
in this has been the game since we was 30. It's
like
that like experience isn't necessarily a good thing. I don't know where people think like oh he's been in politics for 30 years or he has to be good. No that's not that's not how it works.
I don't know. I mean both candidates now like maybe it's literally whoever talks what we'll probably lose. Whoever it makes no sense. It makes whoever whoever speaks their mind the most will probably lose. It makes no sense.
Has
dementia.
No they nothing not really much.
It's that works like
like
like like like well bottom saying like if you're not you're not you're not black if you don't vote for me like how is that? How is that a plus? Like he really said that that's not that's not that's not a plus at all. So you know what I mean? So like that's what I'm saying like whoever talks most he's gonna lose like the debate. That debate is gonna be crazy. That debate is going to be prime time television to the max. It's going to be like any sports for any sports final. You've ever seen your life. Everybody is going to be watching that.
Yeah there's actually yeah I mean that's that's his his way to plant doubt the same way he did. Like if he were to lose
you can blame it on something the same thing he did four years ago.
Yeah. D. C. Is also this is one of those like California, one of those places like it's literally no reason to walk out to vote. It's going to be blue. So I mean yeah that's mail in voting but like I don't see it being read for a long time. Not very probably.
maybe. I mean maybe I mean hopefully vitamins and take the main the same thing. Hillary they're just forget about the middle class. Like this is like it's like it's probably the old workers I guess like her not going to michigan or Wisconsin whatever it was was idiotic. So like I feel like these people like literally the only picking the people that can lose to this car because everything they show you just they just take dump. They do dumb mistakes.
that's great. Yeah
arthritis
like creeks and.
No
no
it makes it makes it makes complete sense. It doesn't die greater at all. Like it makes complete sense. It's not Yeah.
wherever
words. Yeah. I mean I understand like some people do react to words differently, but like I'm just one of
those people like I I couldn't sit down and understand what you're saying without bearing buzzwords first.
Like I finish, I'll let you finish your thought and then I can have my own opinion and see and tell the person if it's right or wrong. That's how I am.
Uh 26. I'm
about to turn to about 30 26 2 days. A couple of days.
No, no,
I'm cool. Yeah. My last one was in the car was the last one last year was running car.
I'm is a crazy thing. I say the same thing about myself.
are to black. I hear you now. Hello.
And the it's still
Good job. Yeah. Yeah. Because I didn't want to we would have like two minutes away and then I didn't wanted to cut out and everything like already didn't count.
I'm doing I'm doing both actually.
Uh Nuclear engineering.
Yeah. No, it's not it's not like that. It's basically because I didn't get good enough grades. So I went to a different kind of engineer
but I'll
take it but
I'll take it.
Yeah. Fourth year I'm taking 400 classes basically. I'm not necessarily 1/4
year.
I'm still kind of lost. That's what I'm taking me so long to finish. So I'm not mad at
anybody else.
Basic basically. Now basically I'm just hoping that they can give
me an adore that anywhere. It's like I'm not I'm not necessarily I just wanted to do some type of engineering. So like I was going from mechanical at first didn't get the three of, so I went to this and hopefully I can get in saying, I mean it's still like the same like it's not too different. I mean it is to do, it is, it is extremely different. Let me not say that. But like it's not in terms of higher in the hiring process I guess. Yeah, like the, the actual studying is different but like not the, if I would have come to like a firm with the legitimate degree in nuclear engineer, they're not gonna be like, I'm not gonna hire you because it's not mechanical
but they're not looking
at
similar, similar, similar, similar.
yeah. All of that, all, all of that stuff is like prime when I, when you see articles like that, that this prime Ellen, like Elon musk type things just say what they're gonna do and just not like, I mean, hopefully openly what you read was like it's actually going to come to fruition, but
like Elon musk is basically say what we're trying to do and never do anything to it. Like the, like the train, like
the train and all of that
underground
train,
the
making
and go get the people in chile. He never did
any
of the engineer
and
yeah, yeah, yeah, basically what it is, basically
basically what
he does.
yeah. And it's gonna work having, he literally just had the idea, he didn't have any kind of how to apply it, how to, with the material needed to cost, you know, he just, he just said, yeah, we're going to do this and I'm, I must and I made an unreasonable car so we don't
even make it a
trademark
it
It's
like
like a
cart.
Well yeah, it's like a like a railroad, like like a railroad car, like roaring through like the mining things were not basically that's
what
they're doing
with
cars. It's not
happening.
hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully I'm pregnant. Well,
we've
been on for like 30
minutes. Nice talking to you. Yeah.
What
would you say?
Yeah, this is way better than the last one. The last one was just basically excellent questions that we were met up. Seriously awkward with this one was a straightforward conversation.
I like that.
Right? I I just press next on the online survey software first and see what will happen
and
Yeah, that's, you know. Yeah. How many minutes do we spend? Probably around 29
I
guess.
Yeah, I think and I think we're good. I think we can
cancel