SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: How's it going?
SPEAKER_R: All right how you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm great. Fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What's that?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing wonderful. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right. Uh We've been waiting.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, just a couple of minutes. I just want to make sure it worked.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah me too. I was trying to just got a little Lincoln actually woke up about five minutes ago remember I had to get on
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: on here and I was trying to click through the stuff you're at the right time to make sure everything was on on on task and all that. If you got my knees before
SPEAKER_L: no, I haven't. Have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: have a new right and I saw it said you can repeat. I've been doing a few times but it's my first time getting on so I didn't know uh how it all works. I guess we'll figure it out. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I've done lots of other prolific studies, but I've never done this one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: have any
SPEAKER_L: an interesting, it's an interesting concept though. They didn't really give us like a topic or anything to jump off with.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That's what I was I was going on through thinking that they're gonna be something to go. Is it just gonna be um click and go? I guess it's just click and go so uh wow, how have you been doing, prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think about a year and a half, two years maybe. I found it just on Reddit around a while back and I like the concept of, you know, information going to the actual like grad students and things like that. People working towards science and social understanding.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I think I started Maybe 3 4 months ago. My just there there's all these types of studies and all these things that's always getting uh pay for his research. That's the Shia refer my life too. And I think and then I got referred to and so I started several months ago but it's pretty cool. Pretty meet uh like I said uh you know where the answers to actually go to as a and the interesting concept and all that. So you are so you and you're a veteran and you were doing it for quite a little
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: while the least.
SPEAKER_L: mean just easy extra cash. Like I said, it's it's, yeah, I don't know. You can do all these other ones and marketing surveys and stuff like that. They don't pay out as well. Um You know you don't really know where the information is going has protected. I
SPEAKER_R: You're right.
SPEAKER_L: don't know after I can trust this a little bit more.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Nothing like the incident uh cash out too. I mean just get it in its air that is pretty full. Uh How many hours a day usually do you get it and get on here and there and you do it for a long period of time?
SPEAKER_L: just like whenever I have a break throughout the day like I'm a smoker. So whenever I take smoke a cigarette, sorry I'm actually gonna break of work or something like that, I might do a survey or whatever. Um I don't know I try to just do it kind of casually. It's like a passive thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: just take a lot of, you have to be doing it for a long time to get a lot of, a lot of surveys come up because I've noticed that I've been on uh what seems to be hitting me sometimes I'll get and be able to catch up but sometimes uh goes a long period of time and I don't I don't see anything. So I don't know if that's a if I'd say um experience thinking about to be doing it for a while to get constant constant survey prepare.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly I have no idea. I'm sure it's all just demographic information or something. Uh Because that is the same for me. It could be super hit or miss. Um Also I won't do like really long surveys or anything like that. Um I can be kind of lazy with that. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, it's, It's just one of those things where I just check it every once in a while, my little rotation of apps and stuff like that and uh sometimes it makes like 50 cents or something, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah I try to do it and exactly what I'm at work, I'll try to take it when I have a break at work, I'll do it. But it seems like a lot of pop up when I'm getting ready to get off break to go back to work. so I try to hurry up and get one finish real quick. And it seems like the ones that are but the longer ones, 15 20 minutes I'll always come up at uh an opportune time. So I I try to shy away from the long ones from most parts because I ended up getting caught in the middle of something. But it's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it is uh you've been reading my brother's going into now, he started a few weeks ago and I have another brother that's real inpatient and if he gets on it doesn't see anything within about two minutes he's just gone and it doesn't go back to it for a couple of days. We try to tell them. You gotta you
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: gotta give a longer than I have to be able to get something. But uh it is uh it is needed. There was another one I had somebody in the family doing called mechanical turk and uh, like yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The Amazon one. Yeah. I've heard a little bit about, yeah. How do they like it?
SPEAKER_R: uh, but I've actually done it too, it's, it's um, it's hit or miss, but with the payments you want to get paid every, every three days to get paid and it's a lot of, a lot of things are um, not so not so well crafted and they can expect to do a lot of work for say 15, 20 minutes for 25 cents, things like that. And uh, it's a long tv, things like I said, we'll type out this type of this and uh, your type of for like five minutes, 15 minutes sometimes 20 minutes. It's like 25 cents and I don't know, a little bit too much, uh, too much for all for all that, but, but I'm a, I know someone who's been doing for quite some time and they just uh hang in there and do it all day long, seemingly, but uh yeah, it's not nearly as a good, is this? No, no. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I want to dedicate too much time to it either. I don't, I don't know, I want to rely on it for anything. Uh, nice thing. I said, let's just let's just to get money or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How's the weather where you're at today?
SPEAKER_L: It wasn't bad. I'm in north Carolina, so it's actually been really nice lately, I guess. What leaves up off the ground. So that was uh, that was exciting. I just had a slow day today. Didn't they have to do a lot? I just got to enjoy its at my heroic things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a sister, listen short short of north Carolina actually, so uh she's in north Carolina. What we go down and visit a couple of times a year, we're here in Ohio is about 6.5 hour to seven hour drive where we
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: lived. Yes, so we've been started a few times. Uh I liked it, I liked it, so it's nice that she's a teacher, but uh well with all the COVID-19 stuff going on, she hasn't been a teaching a mile, it's just been staying at her or whatever about all that stuff still in effect. Yeah. So what you thinking about the house that affected you?
SPEAKER_L: Um well, I have a six year old son, so for me, that's been a huge thing, because they've been on and off of school here and there mostly on, which has been nice but scary, kind of uh you never know what's gonna happen. Um I'm still 29, so like for me, like, I have a lot of peers that we're trying to go out and do things, I've been kind of shipping at home, I don't really do a lot of that, but I've been noticing that a lot of people were getting sick around me and I'm like, okay, this is why I don't hang out with you guys, you know? Uh So that's been kind of like a weird paradigm, but and what and work, work has been hit or miss you, but for the most part I'm in retail so I can I can bank on it, you know, the stories are shutting down, you know? Uh just the restaurants and bars, again there's something like that um but again like why we don't want to go out to restaurants and bars, like I don't want to be in the midst of that any of that, and uh me being healthy, I know that are probably asymptomatic and I've got a lot of older people around me that kind of rely on me to be around, so I can't, I can't risk like just passing that on. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I understand. Uh I've been fortunate when it started uh when I first started, I worked with special needs adults in a workshop type program training. And when it first started they sent all the clients and of course they shut the workshop down, but I was able to keep on working the whole six months and I was all right. And uh now that they've come back probably in august uh of course if we have to go through china training to keep the masses and do all these things while they're in the workshop, but we've been around uh some people that didn't tell us they were around people that had it until after the fact. And it's like, oh besides that kind of uh adjustment of that. So we don't go a whole lot of places either go to story and necessities and come back. But uh, it has been, has been something we've had. I have one cousin, it's, that's not from, and a few other cousins have have it, but they're still, they survived and everything is all right. But, uh, but I have a mom that's the power. I'm glad she's probably about seven about retirement. A so, so I have to try to watch to make sure I'm not around whenever when I go around her because she's older. So it's a lot of, lot of dynamics to deal with in a neighborhood where I live is a whole lot of, a whole lot of kids, little kids running around. And uh, so
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I try to walk because they're all running around playing with each other and doing all this and that. They trying to come running up to me and I'm like, okay maybe a little bit just to make sure that uh but it is definitely, definitely an interesting uh having uh thanks so much chatting after the doing video whatever since all this started in my life. So it's a little little unique, little interesting. But you
SPEAKER_L: I know what you mean to, I never really got into it until I had to yeah, okay, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. So here you watch a lot of tv sports or anything or what do you do? Right.
SPEAKER_L: this is actually from a bar that I worked at. It was a pizza place. We used to throw like music and stuff like that there. I was like right in between where the college campus in, I'm in Greensboro. So
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: we have like five colleges, you know? Uh So it's right where UNc Greensboro ends in like the neighborhoods begin. So it's like where the community kind of like comes together um as far as like my age group and things like that goes. So it's a big space where people can just do whatever they want to, you know, at least artistically. Uh So I just, I've always liked it, you know, it was kind of like being a therapist for a bunch of people taking care of a bunch of drunk babies. I don't know. Um I don't work there anymore though since all this started. Uh Just they said I just washed my hands of it. I also was higher stand up pretty late so going back towards like the whole like stocking a grocery store and stuff. Yeah. The solid stable jobs.
SPEAKER_R: now I've always noticed the Greensboro signs when I'm driving to uh to start, it seems like when we get the Greensboro signed were like maybe within a an hour or so away when we're driving a not about how far you are
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: away? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean Queensland's cool, there's a lot to do. Um It's It had this uh pretty rich cultural background and that's what I like the most about it because I kind of grew up in the country a little bit south of here. I've lived here since I was maybe 17. Uh Just kind of moved out on my own. I had to get out of the country. Um In Greene's was really the only place in this country that have like felt with home, you know like we're like the people here have the same mindset that I do and I can reach out and get whatever I need from this city, you know, I can get a job, I can get a place to live, I can be comfortable um without having to feel like I'm too stressed or anything like that, like living in a big city, you know? Uh because I've traveled a lot, I've been everywhere, I look, I chose to live here because it's so comfortable, it's like the perfect balance between being a city and you know everyone when you walk into the pizza place or something, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's nice, that's pretty cool. Uh My uh my brother lost from thinking a place called Salem Winston Winston. Salem something like
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: is still in there.
SPEAKER_R: with the sale of an uh oh and my sister met her when she moved down there and she's been trying to get us to move the shorter for some some years we visited a place called Monroe which is not far from charlotte a couple of years ago and we actually like Monroe was nice, little seemed a little uh a little more laid back compared to short and not as big a nice little place but uh so we've always thought about going to go into Monroe. But uh I live in Ohio in a small town, my suburban area probably two hours away from the biggest Biggest city biggest place in Ohio, which is Columbus for about two hours away from Mary two hours east of there. So we're in a small town as well. And uh I'm not a big, huge city personally, I like to get in and Get out back to the small town, small town like you relax
SPEAKER_L: which is
SPEAKER_R: being uh even when I was in school, I don't want to go to one of those huge campuses. I just wanted to go to one of those small 25 person, the classroom type of room instead of a huge, huge atmospheres. I'm just not a big, big time, big people person either. I just
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: like the
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: low people like lucky, keeping myself and all that sort of thing. I like to playing the background, take everything in and just hang out from there. So uh, I have a nephew is in the military, he's, he came back from Italy, uh actually independent in december. He came back from Italy and he's been them along and all those places like he likes going to all those
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: big my stuff man, that's good. So your picture, but uh he was trying to get business in Italy and uh they were going to go, but this, this, this code to shut everything down, but I'm like, now I'm gonna go uh I've only flown total four times in my life to Chicago and back so long flights about our from Pittsburgh, which is about an hour from here, so I've been following a whole lot either, so I just like to just relax Sure.
SPEAKER_L: I understand. I mean I just spent a lot of time traveling, I'd go out to like northern California and stuff, I like to drive the best, so uh we'll change really, get a room on a train is expensive, but if you're in it for the long hole anyway, it's really nice to be able to lay down just like read a book or whatever you're gonna do, like like podcasts and things like that. But you know they're really service oriented on those on my cam track. Uh they take care of you. It's a nice, it's a nice experience. We did that, we went up to new york and my me and my lady like we've been together for a few years.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Um We were there to see like this Australian R. And B. Act that I like and uh I'll do things like that like I like adventures with her you know um when my son gets a little bit older, I'd like to take him out. Um I just think it's important to like kind of like meet as many different types of people as you can but not overcrowd your life with them. I prefer to stay here at home, Children laid back so that way I can shoot off to Oregon next year or something, you know? Good friends.
SPEAKER_R: So what was the very first train ride like?
SPEAKER_L: Well that was that was the first one and the only one. Uh It was pretty cool. It was like I talk about arrived from heat green throw to new york city. We just got to penn station. Uh I don't know. It was cool. We took a bottle of whiskey. Uh
SPEAKER_R: can you, can
SPEAKER_L: We just hang out. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you think of speed, five passions going or does it, we really don't
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: was nice. I mean like it kind of rocked a little bit. It wasn't too bad, like it wasn't like jumpy or anything like that. Um It was cool to be a little while like open up the windows and wash the trees, you know? Um But I mean like you know they have different size rooms um and we're not big or anything like that. So we got, we had the smaller one and we were able to even like just like kind of snuggle up and listen to our podcast and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: whatever,
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: look at the trees. So it was nice like we made the best of it, we got to hang out with each other and really do that thing, you know, and had like a space to do it, you know, when we wanted to get scared, sorry, go stretch our legs, you know, we go to the dining car and talked to some old couple hang out and I don't know, it's cool. We had, we had a nice like whole sometimes, like I said, all the people that worked for Amtrak, we're just super nice. Um They want to take care of you. Um there's food and snacks, you know, Apparently it used to be a much bigger deal. Um so I don't know, I want to find one of these like luxury train rides that will take me like across the country in a couple of days or something, you know, everything
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: even a possibility here. We'll see if I did europe, that's how I would do it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Have you ever been on a boat or cruise or anything like that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've been on a couple of cruises, I'm bust for that. Um I had a grandpa who just like retired from walmart and did really well with his leg shares or something. This guy was like a shift manager, like not really money, but he made enough to take like 30 of us on three or four different cruises.
SPEAKER_R: Not to work?
SPEAKER_L: so I've got to be on some of the biggest ships in the world to, which is really cool. Um I love the Caribbean, I like the Canadian crews that we went on a lot. I got to go see like no discussion, Just the stuff on the East coast here, but that was really, really neat. All right. You have you thought about?
SPEAKER_R: No, I I never have, you know, always, always picture of the little love boat scenario I would never going on, but I've never been on a boat. My family has been on a cruise, but I haven't I've always uh wondered what it would be like to be actually on something they get seasick something, they don't feel anything or something. It's it's all right, but my wife's talked about uh about cruises, but I've never been on a been on a boat yet.
SPEAKER_L: Before I understand there are really great value if you want to spend like Say a couple $1,000, I don't know if it's just you and your person are not, you know, but uh you know, for just you didn't like your wife that you can totally get away with just a few $1000 or something like that and have a week where you just have a blast. All
SPEAKER_R: murder.
SPEAKER_L: the foods including you get a drink package. Um it's worth it to buy the drink package. I'll say that much if you're a drinker um Pay $300 because you're gonna spend up five by accident, you know? Um so that's that's another thing I will say and you won't want for anything
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: that's great. You
SPEAKER_R: Current.
SPEAKER_L: know, the only money you want to spend his adventures off the port and you can plan all that ahead of time and you can do that really cheaply too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Have you flown before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh I'm actually a long history with airplanes. My grandpa was an aeronautics engineer, so he was big about making sure me and my sister would fly out to Arizona every year to see him. Um And you know, it was just one of those things, I was born in texas and we moved around a lot until we made it here in north Carolina. So for my grandparents who is really important for them to keep us in touch with them. Um So I had to see a lot of the southwest. They had, they had like a band, we would ride around and go different campsites and stuff like that. Um And they taught the other travel really cheaply to you know uh Just find those cool little these spots right off the highway and you can find a lot of history through that.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, it's cool. My uh my very first flight uh was uh Back around 2002, it was right after 911 happened, and I had to get the first flight to go to uh work conference in Chicago, you know, so I go to the airport in Pittsburgh and you don't want to be stereotypical going through the airport. But I'm get ready to get on a plane for the first time ever. And I'm seeing, I'm seeing different types of people getting on and I'm thinking, my mom won't just happen. I hope nothing happens on this plane. I just did
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: my when I get on uh And they're giving all the instructions about, you know, if this happens, uh pull out the things underneath the sea, putting all this stuff and like, I'm not gonna be able to think about that, something happened on this play. But the plane starts and we're going up like the 1st 30 seconds on the plane. We had an air pocket. It was a flavor for shaking. It's my very first flight. And I'm like, I'm gonna die already. 30 seconds into the flight. And I'm like trying to keep my cool. But because my boss is next two weeks, I'm trying to be macho man. But he's looking at me like you ok? You ok? Yeah, I'm all right. But the planes like rock and rock and rock and rock and uh
SPEAKER_L: man
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna settle down. But the 1st 30 seconds into my first flight we get an air pocket. It was terry relates. And I said, oh but then once it once I died down it was smooth sailing after that was so bad.
SPEAKER_L: how it can be nerve wracking for sure. What do you do when you that fire, wow. Yeah I can definitely understand why people are scared of it for sure. It's a ride. I've been like really really tiny planes to uh when I came back from northern California, my first flight was from where I was in northern California down to san Francisco and uh it's just like this tiny little tin can of a plane uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: just like coming out from the mountains you know? And uh uh that thing was shaking for like the whole hour. It was just wow. But uh everyone else seemed fine like they had done it 100 times and I was like okay, you know, I'm going down with all of you guys anyway if this happens, so whatever you guys are cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I had a brother, he's younger, about six years younger than me. He he was always terrified of flying, but he got sick and he had to be life flighted to uh to Pittsburgh from wheeling west Virginia, It's about 10 minutes across the river from us. He had to be life flighted. Uh He felt so bad. He said that he didn't have time to be scared of getting on the helicopter, but he said it was a real real small helicopter. They life flighted him, he said that thing was flying and moving, but he was so sick, he didn't have time to really think about it. But when he thought about it after the fact he was uh scared after the fact that he's already been moving up there and want to put but I guess they don't talk to him, you can travel at speeds that are pretty quick to get to their place because he said he got there and like 20 minutes or less and it's an hour and 15 minute drive. But he said he got like 20 minutes when the plane seemed like what he was life flighted but he said it was real real small. They got him on there was barely enough room for him to be on the plane. I'm thinking whatever he said it was real small on there and they were trying to take his blood. He was going through all this stuff on this small helicopter packed in there like a sardine. But he survived and say so you're going on a helicopter?
SPEAKER_L: No, I haven't. It sounds like I would be a ton of fun. It would be a little that people actually nerve wracking, but I'm not a thrill seeker. But I would I would try it. At least ones be
SPEAKER_R: very good.
SPEAKER_L: see. I bet you can get some cool spots.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we have done an air balloon thing I'd ever lived.
SPEAKER_L: No, they had one at this festival that I was uh that I went to the tone electric forest except in michigan. Um It's just a really really cool loving festival, you know, a bunch of hippies and stuff like that. But they had hot air balloons. You could win by picking up trash or something like that and helping clean up. Um And they were without at least like a few 100 ft up in the air or something like that, you know they just tethered there and you can see the whole festival from the sky because everything is all lit up. You know? I didn't get to do that though. That's going to be this year. Uh Doesn't stay cancelled.
SPEAKER_R: Okay we've ever done it uh bungee jumping or anything else adventurous like that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I mean it's definitely on the bucket list. Uh I'm not too scared to do it but I would I would want to pick the spot for sure. I've
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: always thought handwriting movie cool but there's no way I'd really be comfortable doing it by myself. Yeah, for sure. Um I like rock climbing. I haven't got to do it on like a real walk space or anything like that. But uh I go to this little climbing gym we have in town once I can afford to get some shoes that I want to make that a normal thing. Because it's one of those best workouts I've ever had for sure. Um, and I kind of just like the way it feels like, it's not like, uh, it's more like a game. It's not like I'm forcing myself to do reps or something. I'm obviously not a bodybuilder or anything like that. Yeah, I like hiking and stuff like that. I'm pretty laid back mostly when it comes to things. I just like to see really beautiful scenery. Um So that's why I will usually drive. Um, I like going to a nice mountain of spots. We have great mountains in north Carolina. Uh, I have a lot of friends that live up near like Asheville and Boone and stuff like that. And those are just really, really cool cities for our state. Um Because we've got a lot of really, really lame cities too.
SPEAKER_R: I'll make sure you mention that to my sister next time and that because she's travel little bit through the through the state or whatever asking she's heard of these her these places, she's uh she's a spanish teacher teaches english as a second language and and uh sometimes she likes to mess with us and just fucking nothing but spanish and uh have a look at the dollar down. I took spanish but I can read it more than I can speak it fluently. She she just rattled off and I'm like look english place because right up as far as talking it. But uh she went there, that's how she went there, she took the classes of foreign exchange student and uh University of Pittsburgh pennsylvania and ended up going to Portugal, came back to the
SPEAKER_L: Go out
SPEAKER_R: yeah it says that she's there teaching english as a second language to a hispanic Children and Children from other nationalities and all that said I think so. So she really likes that. She got to go to Portugal. So there was a beautiful beautiful place loved
SPEAKER_L: next.
SPEAKER_R: it. Yeah so so she's the adventurer of the other family. We all have to tell us what she's done and she tells us what we need to try and do. We can't take her advice and flow from there.
SPEAKER_L: Right on now. We are going to have one of those people for sure. Mhm. Well, it was great talking to you. I think we've pretty much made it.
SPEAKER_R: Yes that went fast. But it was it was cool. Was good. Well uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. This is easy. I was a little nervous
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: coming into
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I take care.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.