wow. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
All right how you doing?
Yeah. What's that?
I'm doing all right. Uh We've been waiting.
Yeah me too. I was trying to just got a little Lincoln actually woke up about five minutes ago remember I had to get on
on here and I was trying to click through the stuff you're at the right time to make sure everything was on on on task and all that. If you got my knees before
I
have a new right and I saw it said you can repeat. I've been doing a few times but it's my first time getting on so I didn't know uh how it all works. I guess we'll figure it out. Oh
I
have any
Right. That's what I was I was going on through thinking that they're gonna be something to go. Is it just gonna be um click and go? I guess it's just click and go so uh wow, how have you been doing, prolific?
yeah I think I started Maybe 3 4 months ago. My just there there's all these types of studies and all these things that's always getting uh pay for his research. That's the Shia refer my life too. And I think and then I got referred to and so I started several months ago but it's pretty cool. Pretty meet uh like I said uh you know where the answers to actually go to as a and the interesting concept and all that. So you are so you and you're a veteran and you were doing it for quite a little
while the least.
You're right.
Yes. Nothing like the incident uh cash out too. I mean just get it in its air that is pretty full. Uh How many hours a day usually do you get it and get on here and there and you do it for a long period of time?
just take a lot of, you have to be doing it for a long time to get a lot of, a lot of surveys come up because I've noticed that I've been on uh what seems to be hitting me sometimes I'll get and be able to catch up but sometimes uh goes a long period of time and I don't I don't see anything. So I don't know if that's a if I'd say um experience thinking about to be doing it for a while to get constant constant survey prepare.
Right.
Right. Yeah I try to do it and exactly what I'm at work, I'll try to take it when I have a break at work, I'll do it. But it seems like a lot of pop up when I'm getting ready to get off break to go back to work. so I try to hurry up and get one finish real quick. And it seems like the ones that are but the longer ones, 15 20 minutes I'll always come up at uh an opportune time. So I I try to shy away from the long ones from most parts because I ended up getting caught in the middle of something. But it's
it is uh you've been reading my brother's going into now, he started a few weeks ago and I have another brother that's real inpatient and if he gets on it doesn't see anything within about two minutes he's just gone and it doesn't go back to it for a couple of days. We try to tell them. You gotta you
gotta give a longer than I have to be able to get something. But uh it is uh it is needed. There was another one I had somebody in the family doing called mechanical turk and uh, like yeah.
uh, but I've actually done it too, it's, it's um, it's hit or miss, but with the payments you want to get paid every, every three days to get paid and it's a lot of, a lot of things are um, not so not so well crafted and they can expect to do a lot of work for say 15, 20 minutes for 25 cents, things like that. And uh, it's a long tv, things like I said, we'll type out this type of this and uh, your type of for like five minutes, 15 minutes sometimes 20 minutes. It's like 25 cents and I don't know, a little bit too much, uh, too much for all for all that, but, but I'm a, I know someone who's been doing for quite some time and they just uh hang in there and do it all day long, seemingly, but uh yeah, it's not nearly as a good, is this? No, no. Yeah. Uh
Yeah. How's the weather where you're at today?
Yeah, I have a sister, listen short short of north Carolina actually, so uh she's in north Carolina. What we go down and visit a couple of times a year, we're here in Ohio is about 6.5 hour to seven hour drive where we
lived. Yes, so we've been started a few times. Uh I liked it, I liked it, so it's nice that she's a teacher, but uh well with all the COVID-19 stuff going on, she hasn't been a teaching a mile, it's just been staying at her or whatever about all that stuff still in effect. Yeah. So what you thinking about the house that affected you?
I understand. Uh I've been fortunate when it started uh when I first started, I worked with special needs adults in a workshop type program training. And when it first started they sent all the clients and of course they shut the workshop down, but I was able to keep on working the whole six months and I was all right. And uh now that they've come back probably in august uh of course if we have to go through china training to keep the masses and do all these things while they're in the workshop, but we've been around uh some people that didn't tell us they were around people that had it until after the fact. And it's like, oh besides that kind of uh adjustment of that. So we don't go a whole lot of places either go to story and necessities and come back. But uh, it has been, has been something we've had. I have one cousin, it's, that's not from, and a few other cousins have have it, but they're still, they survived and everything is all right. But, uh, but I have a mom that's the power. I'm glad she's probably about seven about retirement. A so, so I have to try to watch to make sure I'm not around whenever when I go around her because she's older. So it's a lot of, lot of dynamics to deal with in a neighborhood where I live is a whole lot of, a whole lot of kids, little kids running around. And uh, so
I try to walk because they're all running around playing with each other and doing all this and that. They trying to come running up to me and I'm like, okay maybe a little bit just to make sure that uh but it is definitely, definitely an interesting uh having uh thanks so much chatting after the doing video whatever since all this started in my life. So it's a little little unique, little interesting. But you
wow. So here you watch a lot of tv sports or anything or what do you do? Right.
How?
now I've always noticed the Greensboro signs when I'm driving to uh to start, it seems like when we get the Greensboro signed were like maybe within a an hour or so away when we're driving a not about how far you are
away? Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's nice, that's pretty cool. Uh My uh my brother lost from thinking a place called Salem Winston Winston. Salem something like
that
with the sale of an uh oh and my sister met her when she moved down there and she's been trying to get us to move the shorter for some some years we visited a place called Monroe which is not far from charlotte a couple of years ago and we actually like Monroe was nice, little seemed a little uh a little more laid back compared to short and not as big a nice little place but uh so we've always thought about going to go into Monroe. But uh I live in Ohio in a small town, my suburban area probably two hours away from the biggest Biggest city biggest place in Ohio, which is Columbus for about two hours away from Mary two hours east of there. So we're in a small town as well. And uh I'm not a big, huge city personally, I like to get in and Get out back to the small town, small town like you relax
being uh even when I was in school, I don't want to go to one of those huge campuses. I just wanted to go to one of those small 25 person, the classroom type of room instead of a huge, huge atmospheres. I'm just not a big, big time, big people person either. I just
like the
low people like lucky, keeping myself and all that sort of thing. I like to playing the background, take everything in and just hang out from there. So uh, I have a nephew is in the military, he's, he came back from Italy, uh actually independent in december. He came back from Italy and he's been them along and all those places like he likes going to all those
big my stuff man, that's good. So your picture, but uh he was trying to get business in Italy and uh they were going to go, but this, this, this code to shut everything down, but I'm like, now I'm gonna go uh I've only flown total four times in my life to Chicago and back so long flights about our from Pittsburgh, which is about an hour from here, so I've been following a whole lot either, so I just like to just relax Sure.
No.
So what was the very first train ride like?
can you, can
you think of speed, five passions going or does it, we really don't
know.
that's
great.
people
Okay. Have you ever been on a boat or cruise or anything like that?
Not to work?
No, I I never have, you know, always, always picture of the little love boat scenario I would never going on, but I've never been on a boat. My family has been on a cruise, but I haven't I've always uh wondered what it would be like to be actually on something they get seasick something, they don't feel anything or something. It's it's all right, but my wife's talked about uh about cruises, but I've never been on a been on a boat yet.
murder.
All
Current.
Okay. Have you flown before?
Yes, it's cool. My uh my very first flight uh was uh Back around 2002, it was right after 911 happened, and I had to get the first flight to go to uh work conference in Chicago, you know, so I go to the airport in Pittsburgh and you don't want to be stereotypical going through the airport. But I'm get ready to get on a plane for the first time ever. And I'm seeing, I'm seeing different types of people getting on and I'm thinking, my mom won't just happen. I hope nothing happens on this plane. I just did
my when I get on uh And they're giving all the instructions about, you know, if this happens, uh pull out the things underneath the sea, putting all this stuff and like, I'm not gonna be able to think about that, something happened on this play. But the plane starts and we're going up like the 1st 30 seconds on the plane. We had an air pocket. It was a flavor for shaking. It's my very first flight. And I'm like, I'm gonna die already. 30 seconds into the flight. And I'm like trying to keep my cool. But because my boss is next two weeks, I'm trying to be macho man. But he's looking at me like you ok? You ok? Yeah, I'm all right. But the planes like rock and rock and rock and rock and uh
I'm gonna settle down. But the 1st 30 seconds into my first flight we get an air pocket. It was terry relates. And I said, oh but then once it once I died down it was smooth sailing after that was so bad.
huh.
Yeah, I had a brother, he's younger, about six years younger than me. He he was always terrified of flying, but he got sick and he had to be life flighted to uh to Pittsburgh from wheeling west Virginia, It's about 10 minutes across the river from us. He had to be life flighted. Uh He felt so bad. He said that he didn't have time to be scared of getting on the helicopter, but he said it was a real real small helicopter. They life flighted him, he said that thing was flying and moving, but he was so sick, he didn't have time to really think about it. But when he thought about it after the fact he was uh scared after the fact that he's already been moving up there and want to put but I guess they don't talk to him, you can travel at speeds that are pretty quick to get to their place because he said he got there and like 20 minutes or less and it's an hour and 15 minute drive. But he said he got like 20 minutes when the plane seemed like what he was life flighted but he said it was real real small. They got him on there was barely enough room for him to be on the plane. I'm thinking whatever he said it was real small on there and they were trying to take his blood. He was going through all this stuff on this small helicopter packed in there like a sardine. But he survived and say so you're going on a helicopter?
very good.
Yeah we have done an air balloon thing I'd ever lived.
Okay we've ever done it uh bungee jumping or anything else adventurous like that?
we're
I'll make sure you mention that to my sister next time and that because she's travel little bit through the through the state or whatever asking she's heard of these her these places, she's uh she's a spanish teacher teaches english as a second language and and uh sometimes she likes to mess with us and just fucking nothing but spanish and uh have a look at the dollar down. I took spanish but I can read it more than I can speak it fluently. She she just rattled off and I'm like look english place because right up as far as talking it. But uh she went there, that's how she went there, she took the classes of foreign exchange student and uh University of Pittsburgh pennsylvania and ended up going to Portugal, came back to the
yeah it says that she's there teaching english as a second language to a hispanic Children and Children from other nationalities and all that said I think so. So she really likes that. She got to go to Portugal. So there was a beautiful beautiful place loved
it. Yeah so so she's the adventurer of the other family. We all have to tell us what she's done and she tells us what we need to try and do. We can't take her advice and flow from there.
Yes that went fast. But it was it was cool. Was good. Well uh
very
well
I take care.