Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
How's it going?
I'm great. Fine.
I'm doing wonderful. How are you?
Oh, just a couple of minutes. I just want to make sure it worked.
I mean,
no, I haven't. Have
you?
I've done lots of other prolific studies, but I've never done this one. Yeah.
It's
an interesting, it's an interesting concept though. They didn't really give us like a topic or anything to jump off with.
Um I think about a year and a half, two years maybe. I found it just on Reddit around a while back and I like the concept of, you know, information going to the actual like grad students and things like that. People working towards science and social understanding.
I
mean just easy extra cash. Like I said, it's it's, yeah, I don't know. You can do all these other ones and marketing surveys and stuff like that. They don't pay out as well. Um You know you don't really know where the information is going has protected. I
don't know after I can trust this a little bit more.
just like whenever I have a break throughout the day like I'm a smoker. So whenever I take smoke a cigarette, sorry I'm actually gonna break of work or something like that, I might do a survey or whatever. Um I don't know I try to just do it kind of casually. It's like a passive thing. Yeah.
Honestly I have no idea. I'm sure it's all just demographic information or something. Uh Because that is the same for me. It could be super hit or miss. Um Also I won't do like really long surveys or anything like that. Um I can be kind of lazy with that. Um
I don't know, it's, It's just one of those things where I just check it every once in a while, my little rotation of apps and stuff like that and uh sometimes it makes like 50 cents or something, you know?
And
Who?
The Amazon one. Yeah. I've heard a little bit about, yeah. How do they like it?
Yeah, I want to dedicate too much time to it either. I don't, I don't know, I want to rely on it for anything. Uh, nice thing. I said, let's just let's just to get money or something like that.
It wasn't bad. I'm in north Carolina, so it's actually been really nice lately, I guess. What leaves up off the ground. So that was uh, that was exciting. I just had a slow day today. Didn't they have to do a lot? I just got to enjoy its at my heroic things like that.
Hello?
Um well, I have a six year old son, so for me, that's been a huge thing, because they've been on and off of school here and there mostly on, which has been nice but scary, kind of uh you never know what's gonna happen. Um I'm still 29, so like for me, like, I have a lot of peers that we're trying to go out and do things, I've been kind of shipping at home, I don't really do a lot of that, but I've been noticing that a lot of people were getting sick around me and I'm like, okay, this is why I don't hang out with you guys, you know? Uh So that's been kind of like a weird paradigm, but and what and work, work has been hit or miss you, but for the most part I'm in retail so I can I can bank on it, you know, the stories are shutting down, you know? Uh just the restaurants and bars, again there's something like that um but again like why we don't want to go out to restaurants and bars, like I don't want to be in the midst of that any of that, and uh me being healthy, I know that are probably asymptomatic and I've got a lot of older people around me that kind of rely on me to be around, so I can't, I can't risk like just passing that on. Yeah,
And
I know what you mean to, I never really got into it until I had to yeah, okay, yeah.
this is actually from a bar that I worked at. It was a pizza place. We used to throw like music and stuff like that there. I was like right in between where the college campus in, I'm in Greensboro. So
we have like five colleges, you know? Uh So it's right where UNc Greensboro ends in like the neighborhoods begin. So it's like where the community kind of like comes together um as far as like my age group and things like that goes. So it's a big space where people can just do whatever they want to, you know, at least artistically. Uh So I just, I've always liked it, you know, it was kind of like being a therapist for a bunch of people taking care of a bunch of drunk babies. I don't know. Um I don't work there anymore though since all this started. Uh Just they said I just washed my hands of it. I also was higher stand up pretty late so going back towards like the whole like stocking a grocery store and stuff. Yeah. The solid stable jobs.
that's
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean Queensland's cool, there's a lot to do. Um It's It had this uh pretty rich cultural background and that's what I like the most about it because I kind of grew up in the country a little bit south of here. I've lived here since I was maybe 17. Uh Just kind of moved out on my own. I had to get out of the country. Um In Greene's was really the only place in this country that have like felt with home, you know like we're like the people here have the same mindset that I do and I can reach out and get whatever I need from this city, you know, I can get a job, I can get a place to live, I can be comfortable um without having to feel like I'm too stressed or anything like that, like living in a big city, you know? Uh because I've traveled a lot, I've been everywhere, I look, I chose to live here because it's so comfortable, it's like the perfect balance between being a city and you know everyone when you walk into the pizza place or something, yeah,
which
is still in there.
which is
no
maybe.
Where?
I understand. I mean I just spent a lot of time traveling, I'd go out to like northern California and stuff, I like to drive the best, so uh we'll change really, get a room on a train is expensive, but if you're in it for the long hole anyway, it's really nice to be able to lay down just like read a book or whatever you're gonna do, like like podcasts and things like that. But you know they're really service oriented on those on my cam track. Uh they take care of you. It's a nice, it's a nice experience. We did that, we went up to new york and my me and my lady like we've been together for a few years.
Um We were there to see like this Australian R. And B. Act that I like and uh I'll do things like that like I like adventures with her you know um when my son gets a little bit older, I'd like to take him out. Um I just think it's important to like kind of like meet as many different types of people as you can but not overcrowd your life with them. I prefer to stay here at home, Children laid back so that way I can shoot off to Oregon next year or something, you know? Good friends.
Well that was that was the first one and the only one. Uh It was pretty cool. It was like I talk about arrived from heat green throw to new york city. We just got to penn station. Uh I don't know. It was cool. We took a bottle of whiskey. Uh
We just hang out. Uh huh.
it
was nice. I mean like it kind of rocked a little bit. It wasn't too bad, like it wasn't like jumpy or anything like that. Um It was cool to be a little while like open up the windows and wash the trees, you know? Um But I mean like you know they have different size rooms um and we're not big or anything like that. So we got, we had the smaller one and we were able to even like just like kind of snuggle up and listen to our podcast and
whatever,
look at the trees. So it was nice like we made the best of it, we got to hang out with each other and really do that thing, you know, and had like a space to do it, you know, when we wanted to get scared, sorry, go stretch our legs, you know, we go to the dining car and talked to some old couple hang out and I don't know, it's cool. We had, we had a nice like whole sometimes, like I said, all the people that worked for Amtrak, we're just super nice. Um They want to take care of you. Um there's food and snacks, you know, Apparently it used to be a much bigger deal. Um so I don't know, I want to find one of these like luxury train rides that will take me like across the country in a couple of days or something, you know, everything
even a possibility here. We'll see if I did europe, that's how I would do it.
Oh yeah, I've been on a couple of cruises, I'm bust for that. Um I had a grandpa who just like retired from walmart and did really well with his leg shares or something. This guy was like a shift manager, like not really money, but he made enough to take like 30 of us on three or four different cruises.
so I've got to be on some of the biggest ships in the world to, which is really cool. Um I love the Caribbean, I like the Canadian crews that we went on a lot. I got to go see like no discussion, Just the stuff on the East coast here, but that was really, really neat. All right. You have you thought about?
Before I understand there are really great value if you want to spend like Say a couple $1,000, I don't know if it's just you and your person are not, you know, but uh you know, for just you didn't like your wife that you can totally get away with just a few $1000 or something like that and have a week where you just have a blast. All
the foods including you get a drink package. Um it's worth it to buy the drink package. I'll say that much if you're a drinker um Pay $300 because you're gonna spend up five by accident, you know? Um so that's that's another thing I will say and you won't want for anything
that's great. You
know, the only money you want to spend his adventures off the port and you can plan all that ahead of time and you can do that really cheaply too.
Yeah. Uh I'm actually a long history with airplanes. My grandpa was an aeronautics engineer, so he was big about making sure me and my sister would fly out to Arizona every year to see him. Um And you know, it was just one of those things, I was born in texas and we moved around a lot until we made it here in north Carolina. So for my grandparents who is really important for them to keep us in touch with them. Um So I had to see a lot of the southwest. They had, they had like a band, we would ride around and go different campsites and stuff like that. Um And they taught the other travel really cheaply to you know uh Just find those cool little these spots right off the highway and you can find a lot of history through that.
All
man
how it can be nerve wracking for sure. What do you do when you that fire, wow. Yeah I can definitely understand why people are scared of it for sure. It's a ride. I've been like really really tiny planes to uh when I came back from northern California, my first flight was from where I was in northern California down to san Francisco and uh it's just like this tiny little tin can of a plane uh
just like coming out from the mountains you know? And uh uh that thing was shaking for like the whole hour. It was just wow. But uh everyone else seemed fine like they had done it 100 times and I was like okay, you know, I'm going down with all of you guys anyway if this happens, so whatever you guys are cool.
No, I haven't. It sounds like I would be a ton of fun. It would be a little that people actually nerve wracking, but I'm not a thrill seeker. But I would I would try it. At least ones be
see. I bet you can get some cool spots.
No, they had one at this festival that I was uh that I went to the tone electric forest except in michigan. Um It's just a really really cool loving festival, you know, a bunch of hippies and stuff like that. But they had hot air balloons. You could win by picking up trash or something like that and helping clean up. Um And they were without at least like a few 100 ft up in the air or something like that, you know they just tethered there and you can see the whole festival from the sky because everything is all lit up. You know? I didn't get to do that though. That's going to be this year. Uh Doesn't stay cancelled.
Oh no, I mean it's definitely on the bucket list. Uh I'm not too scared to do it but I would I would want to pick the spot for sure. I've
always thought handwriting movie cool but there's no way I'd really be comfortable doing it by myself. Yeah, for sure. Um I like rock climbing. I haven't got to do it on like a real walk space or anything like that. But uh I go to this little climbing gym we have in town once I can afford to get some shoes that I want to make that a normal thing. Because it's one of those best workouts I've ever had for sure. Um, and I kind of just like the way it feels like, it's not like, uh, it's more like a game. It's not like I'm forcing myself to do reps or something. I'm obviously not a bodybuilder or anything like that. Yeah, I like hiking and stuff like that. I'm pretty laid back mostly when it comes to things. I just like to see really beautiful scenery. Um So that's why I will usually drive. Um, I like going to a nice mountain of spots. We have great mountains in north Carolina. Uh, I have a lot of friends that live up near like Asheville and Boone and stuff like that. And those are just really, really cool cities for our state. Um Because we've got a lot of really, really lame cities too.
Go out
next.
Right on now. We are going to have one of those people for sure. Mhm. Well, it was great talking to you. I think we've pretty much made it.
Yeah. Yeah. This is easy. I was a little nervous
coming into
it. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.