Hello, can you hear me? I can't I can't hear you.
I do know.
Hello
and
culture. Hi.
how are you doing?
Good. Um Just getting done with work for the day and
I work as uh do you know what an I. R. B. Is? So I work at an I. R. B.
so
like.
So it's kind of funny because like everything that you see on prolific gets approved by
an I.
R. B. Yeah so it's it's kind of interesting seeing the other side of it just like as a participant. I don't know, it kind of like I review consent forms all day so it's like I'm so used to seeing all these consent forms but when I'm like actually reading a consent form, I can tell exactly like what's supposed to be there and like if anything is missing. Um
Yeah there's actually been times where I'm like um there's like some discrepancies here so I'm going to contact RBS and stuff. So I've had like their RBS like actually contact the researchers to like correct their consent forms. So yeah, it's interesting.
Yeah, so I'm like and I've been working from home like even before the pandemic, so I've got like my setup and everything, so I just like do prolific stuff like in my spare time. So.
Yeah. What about you?
I know. Yeah. Well like I've seen news every day about like how they're supposed to be passing another like unemployment bill to help with like the extensions and stuff, but like if it if it doesn't go through like how bad will that affect you personally?
I know. Yeah. Um The last girl that I talked to actually um the my first like interview person because this is my second one, You're my 2nd 1. she like lives in southern California, she said and she had just graduated from her master's program
and she still lives with her parents, so that's the like the only way that she's able to survive right now which is kind of crazy.
I
mean
yeah um I was actually this is like so random but the other day because like you know how when you watch tv shows they're always like either in san Francisco or new york um I was like how many different boroughs are there in new york, and then I found out there's five and then it's really interesting.
Yeah. Which one was it? Yeah there's this guy on Youtube who's like a real estate agent and he um he does like walking tours of these apartments that he's representing in new york, who he's like the assigned real estate agent and he's like has to like rent out these apartments to people. And he like does these home tours with like crisis and
I'm just like shocked at how much new york departments costs. Like you, there was like a uh an apartment, like I think it was a two bedroom apartment, like across from Central Park or something and it was like $4200 a month.
I'm
lining.
Yeah. Well okay, so the thing is like they always call these apartments two bedrooms, but he does these tours and they're tiny
like
the
closet,
so
their kitchen is literally just like a stove, the uh washing machine, and then you get like this much countertop. I'm like
how
do
you,
yes, how do you do anything? I don't understand. It's always been interesting to me, people who live in new york because like I visited a couple of times um and the last time was two years ago or something. And like, I feel like it's always a really fun place to visit. I just don't know what it would be like to live there. What is it like?
right.
See that's the side of new york that I've never seen, like, I've only seen like the really busy parts, the like Times Square and like where they have all the broadway shows and stuff. Um But I mean it's a, it's a really fun city um and transportation is really easy, so
that's nice.
it's true. What's really true? And they run like early often, which is really nice.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We live in Utah and our public transportation is like,
I mean
we have it, but it's like not great. Um like it takes you to the university
and from the other end of the valley, but like it definitely doesn't take you to many destinations. Like you'd have to like right the train and then if you want to go somewhere out so you need to go, you'd have to take the bus or something like that. So
Yeah. I mean you can't, you can't live without a car here. You really can't. Especially like to date like this week, it's been like over 100 degrees. So I mean you can't, you can't go anywhere without a car, so.
I
know.
Well,
right. I know. It's crazy. Um Yeah, I usually play tennis, but I swear this year has been like so much harder improving
with years.
Yes. So I'm like, I can't, I can't do it this year. It's like way too hot.
I'm
just not
worth it.
well I mean like the surface area is probably like over 120° you know when the sun is beating on it all day? Yeah
you know well and we just had a rock climbing gym like just opened right by our house
so that's what we've been doing, so it's like nice and air condition so
I'm like I would so much rather do that right now.
Yeah. Yeah it's been really fun.
Um So it's been about like just over two months now and I'm like finally getting the hang of it, so
Yeah. New hobby. Yeah.
No
so what do you do now like are you just like do you have any hobbies or are you going to school or?
Of
course.
Yeah same,
Cool.
Um What was your undergrad in?
Oh my gosh,
that
Autumn?
um my undergrad was in sociology and then I have a masters in public health yep. Yeah so I already started working at an I. R. B. When I decided to get my masters, so I kind of wanted to get a masters that's like in a related field and that was like the most related field I could find
already
like.
Yeah so it's kind of expected of you now to have a masters
in
fields like this. Yeah
like the thing is like bachelor's degree is a new
high
school diploma, it really is.
yep, so like I mean it's not necessary to have a master's to get the job, having the bachelors will get you through the door, but if you ever want to move up they want you to have a master's degree.
that's the biggest thing is like don't just get a masters just to have a masters because then like you're kind of pigeonholing yourself if you don't already have something that you're working towards like a career wise. And then the other thing is just like more debt, you know?
exactly. Yeah. Um So I definitely like find a job, something that you're interested in. Um I mean it's definitely hard right now because everyone is freaking looking for a job right?
Um But like hopefully when the economy gets better like people
will be able to like just get back into doing what they want to do. Um
But I mean like it's like hard for everyone, my husband is a career coach at business
school at the university. Um And there's like a ton of people who already are working at like these, You know like Fortune 500 companies who are going back to school for their NBA. S. and like other masters degrees right now. So um yeah even like me like I took a year in between my undergrad and grad school, it's just like it's nice to have a break, you know? Yeah and then figuring out what you want to do before you actually do it.
I know. Yeah I was uh watching a Youtube channel today and the girl had like this sybers, it's not even the cybersecurity, it's like a I don't even know what she said her job title was, but basically what she did was she like verify the identities of people before they're allowed to have like bank accounts to prevent from like money laundering basically. So I'm like that sounds like super interesting.
I yeah I mean they have some programs or something but I don't know how you would land something like that, maybe like training
and cybersecurity or something.
Yeah, I mean, I mean like once you do um the nice thing about enrolling in the grad programs is like once you do enroll they put you into these like internships. Yeah, so like a lot of people end up getting jobs from the place that the internet, which is really nice.
So that's kind of what my husband does is like they kind of um just put the company and the student together to see if it's like a good fit,
And then afterwards like if it works out it does, but if not then he continues to help the students find work after they graduate.
Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah,
we
actually, we met while we were both employees there on employee appreciation day because they have these like little booths and things and so we both volunteered for the same booth which was like, it was like the soccer goal or something like that and we were both like goalies and then we just kind of got to talking. But yeah.
Well yeah and we've been married for this will be our fifth year, which
is insane. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We were supposed to have like a big like anniversary trip at the end of this year. Of course, yeah. And it's cancelled. Yeah, we're like thinking about going back to Hong kong because I haven't been to Hong kong ever since I moved here since I was little. So it
would have been like a really cool trip.
Both
my
parents.
Yeah, awesome. Um My dad is in Hong kong right now actually. Yeah
and it's kind of crazy because they set the cases have been rising again there, which like they were okay the longest time and then like, I don't know what happened and
Right. Yeah. I didn't think it was as bad as it was here because here,
it's terrible.
Yeah, I know.
That's why I didn't think it was that bad there because my dad was saying like how they only allow people to leave their house once a day to get groceries or like get fresh air and exercise and stuff. So they have like those restrictions in place and it still didn't work for them. So I'm like, what the heck
hope
do we have here? Yeah.
So I, yeah, I don't know what's going to happen.
I
know. Well, I am like schools are supposed to be starting again, so
I don't know how you feel about that. Yeah. Yeah. I just got an email from our university today saying, okay, we sent masks to all of the faculty and staff and when the students come back on campus they're going to get one physically. But like
I do,
I know, I know. Yeah, you just have to I mean the thing is like, what, what are we going to do with this one mess like by this time everybody should already have messed, you know? So uh that's just the weirdest thing
and clean.
Well, I guess they're like um instituting something where um, they have like a hybrid model where the classes are going to be online sometimes, but sometimes you'll be coming on campus. Um I don't know how they're determining which ones for about or if they're just all online, maybe
the classes that have labs or something that will have the students come in like once a week or something like that, but um as far
as
I know, like the dorm situation isn't there? So I'm like, what are you
doing?
Yeah, they like basically close all the dorms, so I don't know how anybody is going on campus in the first place if
they don't live locally, so, so yeah, we'll see, we'll see how that goes, Because classes are supposed to start in like three weeks.
Yeah.
All
For
this
semester?
I
know,
I
know. Yeah, it's gonna be crazy.
Yeah, I'm kind of glad that I'm always remote, so I kind of just like get to look from afar to see what's going on.
I keep getting emails like, okay, faculty, like here's some online training, this is how you should be, like doing your online classes and stuff, yep.
I
know, it's terrible, it's terrible. Yeah,
so
I
know,
I feel full blad,
it's also bad for their students,
what if you're doing it?
yeah,
yeah, my niece is just starting her first muster Like in three weeks like Yeah,
I'll have to ask her how it goes
and
stuff.
Yeah,
I know there's there's just too much going on right now. Yeah.
Uh well I feel like a lot of the universities are
handling
it differently, there's not like one protocol that everybody is following.
right, Yeah, yeah, yeah, we'll see, we'll see which one works the best.
at
all.
Mhm. Like oh yeah, we spent all this money to like build all these buildings where nobody's using them anymore. Yeah
and students
have to still pay the same tuition, you know?
I know,
well I see a lot of like articles and stuff to where they're recommending students. Like if your school is going to be completely online just enroll in like community college to take all of your jennette's. You know you're going to be saving thousands of dollars because you're getting the same thing basically
at this point. Yeah. No. Well crazy.
that's the case where a lot of people, yeah who graduated? Wait so if you if we didn't have a pandemic what do you think you'd be doing right now?
Would you still be at the same job do you think?
What what?
ju
You
also are
Oh well how how close was your other job?
I know I know.
Well the thing is like one of you don't think you qualify, you apply for it anyway. Yeah
Just do it anyway
because
the.
Yeah. That's how you get in. Like just apply for anything that you'd be interested in. So
um who was I gonna say? So like do you what do you think you'd like actually move out of your parents like when you get like a stable job or?
I
know.
But so did
you were you living with your parents during undergrad to or
were you like
thanks.
That's
exactly the girl from southern California, like she lived on campus for college and then she moved back in with her parents would just it's so crazy. It's insane. Yeah.
I am.
In new york. Yeah. I don't think there would be a lack of like opportunities so. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I was just saying to her like it's insane to think like in these days
you
can't survive even graduating from college, you know like
their parents and stuff. It's like if when they got a college degree they were like set
for life.
Yeah, there's no living back with parents because they can look forward like to buy their own house, you know? But that's not what's going on right now.
I know
they want so much, but they are just like pays a little, you know
like with that wage there's nothing you can do but live with your parents still like oh yeah, okay, I have to live with my parents for another three years just to work for you
and
then maybe
maybe I'll be able to move out on my own like with roommates, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
It's terrible. So bad. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Um
What?
Same
people don't care. Yeah.
It's the thing is it's ridiculous that people were not willing to wear masks until like the stores were making them wear a mask. It's like okay you have to wear a mask if you want to come in here. And even still people were like
being ridiculous. Yes. Well my husband went to the grocery store like the beginning of like july or something when they started implementing the mandatory mess and a person refused and they had to call the police and please like dragged them out this door basically.
Yeah. It's kind of crazy to think that this is like our real life right now.
Yeah. Well like last year this time it's like you would never think that anything like this would happen.
We were just like you know, living our lives worrying about other things. But now it's like you can hardly do anything anymore. Still. It's been like five months. Yeah.
Well
do you remember how in the beginning it's like um you would forget your mask like in the car or something, I don't know. Um So now it's like, oh, it's just automatic. It's like you get out of the car and you have your mask already.
It's like,
it's just a normal thing now.
Oh no. Yeah. Well now I have like multiple mass. Like I have
one like by the front door, I have one that's like always in the car,
I have one like in my bag and stuff, you know?
It was like
always on me.
I know, same. I wear glasses like when I drive and stuff, like when I'm at home, I don't help too, but like when I'm driving I'm
like, oh my
gosh,
I can't say yes.
So whenever I'm out I'm wearing glasses and so like if the mask is on weird then just completely fogs up. So yeah. So
yeah, our everyday lives right now.
Yeah. So how many of these chats have you done already?
Okay. Did you ever have someone no show?
Words.
There's no
Woods
What? Well, I started like putting the schedule actually like in my phone
so
that
I wouldn't forget. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, okay, what do I have going on today? Like Yeah, I have those things
incorrect
what
I still bring.
she's still there,
So nice of her
because
the time that the personnel should I only waited like six minutes.
Yeah, that's nice.
Wait, so you're allowed to do up to four actual interviews, right? So
if they know showed then it doesn't count. Right?
Okay, So then you're my second one, so then I'd still be able to do like two more, I'm guessing. Hopefully.
I know. Yeah. Well
based off of the
questions that you have the answer, it's like, I guess how the conversation flows or whatever.
Yeah.
How
long have you been doing? Prolific.
Yes. I am. I think I started like the end of May.
I just like, it's easy, you know,
it's
interesting.
you
just wasted a bunch of your time.
Yeah. I got one where it's like, oh, you have to like work for university in the U. K. I was like, how did you, I don't live in the UK. And then the other one was like, um we want participants who had a baby in the past 12 months. I was like, that's not
me.
yeah, it was like postcard um for the past 12 months. I was like, Okay. I literally said in my profile have like zero Children, so yeah,
yeah, it's been fun. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I think that's our 25 minutes, so
it was really nice talking to, you know? Yeah. Okay. Well,
I will.
Yes. Well, good luck. Good luck with the whole job search thing.
Thank you. Okay, bye.