Maybe you have to use this mike, do you hear?
Okay. I have I have an external mic, but I guess
it's
all
Hi. Um
I'm good. How are you?
Yeah. What do you what do you work as?
Oh, that's so cool. Wait, wait.
So what are
you doing on prolific then? Wait. Uh
Just
like
that's so cool.
that's the wild.
that's cool.
Yeah. Well, right. I like lost my job because of the pandemic. So yeah, I was just working at an acupuncture clinic, but that's something like a march. So I've just been like collecting unemployment and now I don't know.
Um I will I won't be like too bad. Like I I still live with my parents so it shouldn't be like too much. It's not like I like moved out, have some fancy apartment now that I have to like pay for. Like it should be like it'll be like a little and but not as bad as I feel like some other people there like.
And
Yeah yeah I'm in I'm in new york so it's like same thing
in
hotels.
it's interesting, I feel like each one has its own kind of like different culture like kind of like just like oh if you're from there it's like it means something. Yeah.
And
Yeah that sounds about right. Yeah, if you want to be
like
in midtown and then two bedroom two
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, if
you're like
in
Manhattan yeah it's tiny
but.
yeah, it's like
one
cutting
board.
Um Well my parents, they bought my house like in Queens so it's a little bit um like the area is it's queens. I feel like it's more just residential. There's a lot of like small houses like they're all connected usually. So but the bigger houses are like further out on Long Island but like we have like counter space and stuff and I think like my neighborhood, it's quite um I feel like the best way, it's kind of like an urban like suburban, like there's a lot of trees and stuff and it's like there's still nature, it's not just total concrete jungle, that's that's Manhattan. But like I feel like once you get outside of Manhattan you can have like like houses and stuff and maybe not like a giant house, you know where you have like your two cars but still like a space. But yeah,
people like moving in, they always have to move into like Brooklyn or Manhattan had like four roommates or something and I'm just like, oh
I definitely
like the subway. It's not always reliable, but I realize I'm like, okay, like not many other places have this.
Yeah, it's like At late at night, it will be like once every 20 minutes, but it's still like there, so yeah.
it's like none
or
And
so like everyone, everyone drives, right?
that's crazy. 100 it
was like
95
and I'm like that's bad, but it hasn't hit over 100.
summer
this summer
and the asphalt is like
hot
to
like, oh yeah.
Just like going out and being active there too. That's just like, oh my god.
that's
well
that seems so nice
and
that's good. Yeah.
Really?
It?
I finished, I finished undergrad like not not this past year, but the year before that. Yeah, I was like looking at a bunch of different things right now, just focusing on like hobbies. Really, I guess like I like cooking, so it's just been like trying a bunch of different recipes. Um I used to be part of a dance group, so trying to like
maintain
that. Um I started working out a lot too and I feel like I was just like not getting the exercise just from being at home all the time. Yeah,
so I think that's been fun just like talking to people like reconnecting with friends, so uh Yeah.
Yeah,
I was a double major in bio and japanese.
Yeah, it's kind
of
like like two ends of the just Yeah. Did you do a psychology or?
I see. Did you did you like need it? Like did you think like, oh, if I get this
monster get a better position
or
and like
everything.
Okay.
It's
just
yeah. It's just like that's the minimum and then even. Okay.
Yeah, that's what I've been like figuring I guess I like, yeah, I feel like I would want to go get a masters, but I wouldn't know what right now, so kind of having to go out and see what to do.
Exactly. Yeah. It's like you're going to get another piece of paper, but if it's not useful. Okay.
hmm. Yeah.
And
Yeah.
mom.
exactly. I feel like that's kind of what I wanted. I didn't want to just jump into another thing without knowing like what I also like really out there because I feel like it's like you're not really told and there's so many jobs you haven't even heard of and then you got and you're like oh wow, Lexus. Yeah.
Yeah. Like how would you, how do you like pick out like people who are like
And
exactly like how do you even get there? Yeah.
That it makes sense. Okay. That's, she's good. Yeah.
Oh I see it. Okay.
Mm That's nights.
Yeah, that's so good. Yeah. How did how did how did you guys meet like how did you meet
your,
Oh that's so cute.
No,
congrats.
your,
are your, are your parents, your relatives from Hong kong? Oh yeah my
mom,
my
mom is from Hong kong. Yeah. Yeah.
no.
I think they just like reopened things and then people were just not taking care I guess. I'm not really sure either what happened. But yeah,
here
it's
such a mess.
You
know what?
Yeah. Oh my God.
I don't know what's scary seeing places where it's like they kind of went okay and then now it's just like, oh no, never mind. Here we
go again.
so
What mask
on?
It's and they're like
the universe, they're not doing like anything else. Just one mask.
my
All
the
Well
it's not no dorms.
that's
three weeks, right? Yeah. Like the end of August, yeah.
My friends were like still in school. They were telling me about what's going on, I think Um they're gonna do a like 12, like before there was like a break in October and then like a little break in Thanksgiving, but they're just going to do a full like straight 12 weeks of school and
then thanksgiving, everyone goes home and then you finished
the
semester
online and I'm just like, but then they're trying to make it so like you can't leave campus and like, no, like I'm like how is this going to be enforced? Like no one in no one
out
and
then
it's crazy. I.
You don't do it like all that stuff. Yeah.
like the professors, you can't even press play on a Youtube
video.
Well, I'm so
glad I graduated last year. Like I would
have been
so annoying.
Like. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like
go home for spring break and it's like actually a J. K. That's the whole year by like, oh my
God.
no. Yeah.
And
the
people starting like, oh,
that's so rough.
I just feel like it's like uncertainty not knowing like where to go and then everyone's on a different page about what to do. And it's just
I
know.
It's so interesting. I think to see how each school is doing things differently just depending on like base too.
Yeah. And then the schools that are
just
going all online to like, oh my God.
It's like
it,
the same to which is just for everything online. It's like, no, that's not, it's not the same. You're not paying for the same thing just going
online school like.
Pretty much yeah.
Uh huh. I'm glad I don't have to deal with that. But also just I don't know. I don't know. It's like I feel like a lot of people, they were like getting their lives together and then the pandemic hit, it was like oops. But
Maybe.
I don't know. I would not have been I think I was I was mostly they're like temporarily like I knew there was like an expiration date, you know like so it wasn't but beyond that, not really sure because I wanted to do like um I entered at the new york botanical gardens before and I really like that
like I really like plants and so I figured something maybe research related or something related to that or like museums with like um conservation and things like that. Um It seems like kind of a dumb reason but like the commute to their from where I am, it's an hour and a half one way so be three
hours round trip. So I was like like
I
yeah because like my high school was like also kind of around that area so like I was used to like that commute like every day and I was like I hate it like yeah
Um that was like 20 minutes like Yeah, I was like super super quick, it's just like I feel like commuting is just so it's
such a big drawback. And then yeah, I was looking at like the museum stuff and they wanted people with more like um anthropology or like chemistry degrees and I'm like um I don't really qualify just.
like
it's feeling like
I
I could kind of do it. Yeah.
You know?
Probably I guess something where it be like above like minimum wage, you know where it's like
kind
of like livable.
I know.
No,
no my school was
like upstate so I was just living on campus the whole time
and
I didn't have any thoughts to like move out immediately because I was like that's kind of a lot um just financially and then also like then you have to figure out the living situation then like it's your job to be good and that's like a new city, you don't know anyone, you don't know anything. So I was a little overwhelmed
at first I was like maybe I'm just like I'll just come back maybe chill. There's like stuff in new york like I find something, you know? Um That is
Yeah.
The
first
definitely.
It's like,
yes, I'm like,
Yeah, my parents are trying to understand how much of like a stroke, a lot more of a struggle I guess because it's like it's just ridiculous. You look at like the job, like the qualifications they want, it's like oh we want you to have a bachelor's degree, but also like, you know, three years of prior experience already for this entry level job, we're going to be making like $15 an hour.
I Oh
exactly. Yeah, it's just ridiculous.
because
half
your bet. Uh huh.
I feel like other people I know who moved out, they like got jobs doing like computer science things, so like they pay more but also just not remote, but like they all live together. They still have like four roommates and stuff. Oh, I
don't, I don't know.
Oh
yeah, That's today.
That's 2020. I really was hoping things would be like better by the summer. Like I was like, you
was going down and I was like, okay, You know, cool. Like we're like, you know, everyone's mostly just following stuff, you know? And then it'll be fine. And then once everything started reopening and people just don't care like
It's baffling. Just
My freedom.
yeah. Oh my God, That's uh huh
Mm That's like, it's like really? Come on.
100%, definitely.
just going out. Like it feels weird just going outside like go get groceries, You're just
going out like,
Ready.
It's
I gotta get my mask. I'm like, what is this? The apocalypse like
no
in
this
one.
Yeah. I like the like reusable mask. Like I think my mom, I want to like, because I don't like the regular surgical mask because like if you like, you have to like adjust it a certain way because like with glasses, they just fog it up like instantly.
So
you
know,
1?
Yeah,
that's that's it. Oh my God.
I think this would be my third now.
Yes. I think um I mean, I think the first time it was, both of us showed up, the second time I had a no show and then I did it. Uh actually I think I I accidentally no show put doors
because one time they sent me the email at like three in the morning and they're like okay your call time is at 10. I'm like bro
they're like they're like I'm sorry it's an algorithm doesn't normally send it out that late so I'm just uh just like let you reschedule.
And then I had one on fried friday I think. But then I completely forgot until I was like two hours after I was like uh
Yeah I had to do
that for
today.
my god I showed up like 15 minutes late because I was like for four and I looked at it was 4 15. I was like oh I
went
she
was still there and she was like oh it's okay
counselor, I'm used to people not showing up. So I was just just chilling there.
I
saw her
I think I waited like 10 maybe. I was like yeah.
Yeah. Really surprised. I was like, oh man.
So yeah. Yeah.
I think it doesn't count. Yeah.
Honestly I'm like, oh here we go. This this thing again. I wonder what they're looking at.
It's like
it's
dynamic people. Yeah. Like what you think of that when you think of you um Uh huh
I'll be
interested
I think um not that long. You look at my submission like it was definitely like during quarantine when I started.
I think I like the beginning of May. So yeah.
Yeah. It's
just
like there it comes up. Yeah. I like prolific a lot. Because like with other sites you have to like qualify into the sort like you have to spend time like filling qualified questions and then sometimes you just don't even qualify. You're like, yeah, this is a waste of time. But like
with prolific
But with prolific it's like they'll only give you like most of the time they only give you things you're qualified for. Like they only had two or so. And I was like, I can't do this. One was like, you need an android and I don't have an android. And the other one was like the skateboarding one. It's like you need to have a skateboard and like,
that's
that's yeah, specific. Right?
I don't know.
It's definitely a good way to like it's time just if you can't like, like it's like in the free time just, you know, something. There were puffs. It's like research money, you know? Yeah.
All
I'm
tough.
Thanks to have fun with the I. R. B.
II