Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
Hi.
Good, How are you doing?
I guess. I don't know. This is random. Right? Yeah. Yeah.
And
man, yeah,
My name is Whitney and I am 43 years old and I am in Mississippi. You were exciting, right? Yeah. I live right outside of Memphis. So yeah. And I I work as an analyst for a company that sells like dr thiel's and different bath products and stuff like that to walmart and a bunch of big retailers. I've already done the college thing.
So I've been with him for 14 years. Yeah.
I
actually love it. I work from home and so it's awesome because I was able to be with my kids, you know when they were babies and have somebody come in my home and help help with them so that I could do my job, but I was still right here so I didn't miss anything. I see you have a cat.
Well,
so, so what are you wanting to do once you get out of med school?
That's
where
you're leaning. Yeah. So my best friend since we were 10 years old, she was going to be a doctor, you know? And so she ended up going to med school and she thought she was going to want to do pedes and ended up you know after doing all the third year and stuff,
she actually went into, she's now a neonatologist. So yeah,
but it's funny because she really was just set on kids and then totally changed her mind. But
You don't have to tell me, let me tell you my kids were home for quarantine
and I was like teachers should be paid much more.
Yeah, they don't ever stop bugging, let me just tell you know they're
precious.
and so I have two girls 10
and 12, so
they're at a great age and it's really, everyone always says like it goes by so fast and, but I mean it's so true, like the days are long, but the years are short and
yeah, it really it is so I you're getting big and it makes me sad, like. Yeah, I just like, I mean the the younger years, I was glad to have somebody come in and help because I'm just like not cut out to do the mom thing all day every day. Um But I do like I look back and I'm like, oh, it's just so precious.
wow.
I know.
I
know. Little
and
tiny
and cute. Yeah, it happens to us. Are you from? Ohio?
perfect.
Are you, is where you're going to med school? Is that where you went to get your undergrad?
that's
great.
let's,
that's
It's nice to have family close by.
Close by.
Oh, that's not, that is very nice. Yeah,
I'm about, my parents are five hours, about five hours away and which is great. My husband went to the naval academy and so yeah, so we, how do we, we, we got married a week after he graduated because we had to wait till the sun to get married. And um, we moved like six times in eight years after we
got married was crazy. So I've lived, you know, all over the place and now that I'm just five hours away, it seems like no big deal because like when I, I had my first daughter 10 days later we moved to florida and it was like a 17 hour drive from my parents and I was like,
it was rough so I'm like, we can do the five hour thing.
No.
we
see them all the time. So that's good.
Is she in Pensacola or Jack Sir?
That's where
I was. Yeah.
My husband was a sub officer. Yeah. So out of them Kings Bay Georgia. But
like,
yeah. So we like when we, when he told me that like we drove there to check it out and like I was like keep driving, like I'm not living here. So we ended up moving to Jackson bless his heart. I mean it was, it was a commute and we were, I just had a baby and that's crazy. Um And so it was like when the boat would be in it would be like an hour and 15 minute commute each way and the hours are so bad. That's crazy. So she went to New, I guess you had to go neutral.
That's the
greatest
we lived there too. It was so good.
I want
The worst. Yeah,
I
mean
I had a little baby. Uh it was so
bad, grueling so I get it. But yeah, what do you know what boat she's on?
No, my husband was on the Maryland so that there's a lot, there's lots of them there. So
were you able to email and stuff?
wow,
So my husband never got to go anywhere like his, they just went out and around and they were going for a few minutes and then they'd come back. So at least she got to be something else, you know?
Was going
to be
well,
anywhere
without a mask.
wow, I didn't even think about that, but that would be rough with the sub because if anybody got it, I mean you're all going to get it, you know? So when my, when my husband was on um one of his deployments, the Today Show, they want it for some reason they were gonna do a segment on submarines and they picked his boat. And so yeah, this was like eons ago, he were probably like in elementary school. But um, so ann curry back then was on the Today show with matt matt lauer and she ended up, my husband had to give up his room because that she stayed in his in his room, which I was like, well that's one cool story since you didn't get a go anywhere, at least you got to give your bed dating and curry. And he was on the Today show. So that was cool.
Yeah, we'll be right.
No. So um we when it was time for a studio shore duty and he got a crazy opportunity that he really like the way it all happened, somebody news, it shouldn't have happened. But he ended up getting the coolest like shore duty ever. It was in Nebraska. I'm like, I'm married. You thinking I was going to always be near the ocean in your opinion and rest that we was in.
So he was, he would brief the general every morning on the state of and nuclear affairs, mm for all the services. It was just a really cool um, shore duty, anybody had great hours. And so we got to be together then. But anyway, so after his shore duty, the next thing he was gonna have to do was go to, there are two kinds of subs And he was gonna have to go. The other kind isn't the kind of having king's day, those deployed for like 6-9 months at a time. And when you're home, you're not really in your home, but you're still kind of tied to the boat. My kids were little and you know, we were just like, you know, you get one chance, you know,
one chance and I have so much admiration for the people that do it. But He was like, I'm just not willing to give up 50% of my time with y'all. So we got out and that we loved our time in aside from deployments, it was really good. So yeah, stripe com. I didn't even tell you where he is. We were in Nebraska because he was a strap on anyway.
Yeah. So powerful.
Yes, we yeah, we have. But I mean, good places. I love Jackson, Have you visited Jacks yet?
I know.
that's great. That's so crazy that we have like that is such a small community.
Yeah. It is. That's wild.
Which
Yeah I'd be interested in it. Is she going to stay in or is it just for?
And
we
five
year 2 but ended up staying in eight just because the thing that struck home was like we just could not turn it down. It was
it
really was and now
he
does
nothing to do with both. So but that's okay. I mean I went to college to do psychology so they're like counseling. I was going to be a psychologist and I have been and I thought I was going to kids and then I did my year long internship as a counselor at an elementary school. Yeah I was like never mind never mind give me give me in an office put me in a cube.
Yeah, I was like no thanks. So anyway it worked out.
Yeah, so and then I was at other companies doing the same thing that I do. I've been doing this job like this job for 18 years. So but this company, I started the day after I got back from my honeymoon, it's
been awesome because they don't care, they don't care where I live. Um
I was just so great for military wife because I have a lot of friends that you know every time their husband moved they had to figure out what they were going to do, which can be rough. So you plan to stay in Ohio.
that's
The Georgia Okay, yep. We had friends
that
were on the Georgia and
the Tennessee
and Maryland. That was crazy though. Really cool.
I went to Oklahoma state. Yeah, so I'm from my husband and I are both from Northwest Arkansas and My sister who is 16 years older than me have gone to Oklahoma state like 16 years prior
and
I don't know, I just like everyone um we live really close to University of Arkansas, so like everyone that went there like stuck with the high school crowd and it just felt like high school part two. I was like, I just want to get a little bit away. So it's about 3.5 hours away from where I grew up. I was like, I'll just go there. It's so bizarre though. I don't, I mean, I loved it and I had so much fun, but I like, I don't know, I don't even feel that connected to it. It's very weird to think I was there for that long and I'm like, man, um I'm a razor, I'm in Arkansas fan and my, you know, my husband with the naval academy, I don't know. But yeah, so Oak State and I did um undergrad and and both my master's there.
It's
like I'm
going to meet new people and make my own way a little bit. So did you go
to Notre dame by yourself or did you have a friend that went or?
my
word.
good.
I would think med school would be, could be difficult though, not being able to be there. I mean, can you do your labs or?
I was just thinking about A. And P. Is that first year?
Is it does it work like, what do you think about it?
That's crazy. I mean that is really weird. Does it look like probably what body looks like on the inside for real. Other than the color coating? Like
So we're most schools doing that now. Is
that?
That is so
A crazy story about my best friend when she was doing the cadavers which like through head neck like I was like we can't we just couldn't talk because I like that's
only
like from here up, I don't want to I'm glad I have all of it. But I don't want to know. But anyway, so I guess for and oh most of it like they hadn't uncovered the head. Like they just did the part that but whatever they were working on. And so when they got to it and they had to remove the things, this makes me so sick. And she's still like, it just turns to her cadaver had life. She was livid and she does not get mad about anything at all. Like she's missed Pollyanna, you know what I mean? And
she's like, I mean, I can't even tell you the things I've had to cut through and see and nothing made me queasy or squeamish, we've just seen that. And so anyway, they let her go for the day and they shaved his head. But I slept. I was so rushed. She's like, I've been
working on
him for how long and didn't even know he had. She was
so
mad.
Not horrible.
Anyway.
like
high school
with the frogs,
like the virtual cadavers you mean?
Oh, you did.
You
know,
you
didn't
know
that? It was not
That would have freaked me out. I can't even imagine.
never
mind.
that's nice
thing.
That's so cool that you can do it virtually. That's really neat.
wow. That's really
I've never heard of that
hollow
lens.
That's
I have to ask. My best friend's husband is a surgeon and I know that a lot of his training now, um, is the virtual stuff, you know, especially for like things where they use the robotic type. Yeah.
Yeah. That's crazy.
I mean it's, yeah, I know you have to constantly learn new new things. Always, you know, keeping up with everything that we're, you're either of your parents in the medical field or what made
you
or.
Well how
That's
I don't know that guy. Right. Oh,
that's sweet.
It
enough.
Right. But that's great. Oh, I love that. That's neat. Yeah.
Do you think we made the time
limit
their
like
24:56
will not cut
it?
remain
good.
It
wasn't
so bad
at all.
It's
good to meet you. I wish you the best on on
all your studies and
enjoy
enjoy the rest of your year.
Alright. Bye bye.
I don't know. I probably
need to read. What do we do?
I don't know how old I am. What are we?
Okay. All right, well hopefully that'll work.
Take care. Bye bye.