well
already. Um How are you?
I'm not doing it. I'm doing well. Um. Okay. I guess should we do like introductions? I don't have forks.
Okay. Um Well I'm maddie. Um I am in medical school in Ohio. Um So I'm a second year medical student right now. Um
Yeah just going to school online at the moment. Okay.
Yeah. What about you?
How long have you been working for the company for?
To you. Is
that a fair result?
Yes. Okay. She is
so annoying and hedy especially when I'm on the, yeah
so I'm really interested in women's health. Um So I'm thinking that g I am would probably be the specialty I'd like to go into. Um So I'm in my second year now and you don't typically choose which specialty you want to apply to until you're done with your third year. So I have a little bit of time to figure that out. And then we also spend most of our third year during our clinical rotations in the hospital, so see like every single bit of the special and that's how you kind of like come up with the best decision you want to like for what path you want to go down. So trying to keep an open mind. But I I really am passionate about
women's
health.
frank.
that's
No, I love kids. Um and I thought about pizza as well and then I worked as in Danny this summer. Uh
this
Oh I know, I completely agree. I was there there's there's just days when I was like I literally can't even like focus, I can't even like I just got to wait it out, you know, until the screaming stopped or they stop like bugging me.
How,
how old are important?
Both.
Oh my goodness, wow.
That makes sense.
I have a sister who's turning 15 at the end of the month, so she's 10 years younger than I am. Um
So big age gap but and I so I was 10 when she was born and definitely like seeing how big she is and she's a freshman in high school now and she has some of the same teachers that I did and I was like what happened? And she's
like, I know like all growing up, like that's her makeup and her eyebrows and like all of these clothes and I was like where were you when you were like what
happened
to someone
like
you?
I am from Ohio. Yeah, so um I live in Cleveland now um and my family like we were from southwest Ohio, so my family is like three hours away which is still nice that I have to
go home like. Yeah, pretty often to see them, but it's like I'm not in the same town where I grew up, so
I went to undergrad at minority in indiana. So yeah, so I I that was like four hours away from my family too. So I stand angle like very close midwestern.
So
yeah, I got to be around them a lot of my dad and I have the same birthday, so it's a tradition like for throughout college and even now I would get to go home and see it like
we don't remember face together. So
that's good.
I agree. Yeah, I'm the I'm the oldest and I have a brother who's two years younger and he's still in the same area as my family. So we're all like just very
nearby stuff which is nice.
Are you
What?
my goodness.
Much
better to be but nicely closed
at that.
Why remain from college? Like my best friend still? She isn't she was ROTC in college and then um and so she stationed in florida now. Um and a bunch of her friends were from the naval academy with her. So I like yeah
but in Jacksonville so she's
with
she's with the the submarine. Um
I know
exactly what she does. Yeah.
Yeah. She went to to power school um and she was in charleston for a while. I visited her there. Um
And
she
I want a coincidence. Yeah that was so nice and she was in like crazy hours after power school and she had to do like all of the training. Um So she had like crazy hours but she just got back from her first deployment actually um
little over a week ago. So it was like it's so hard, I'm sure I'm sure you you know, but like my best friend right being able to not be able to contact her for three months. Um
so
and then they got
stuck.
yeah, I'm
Um I know.
I don't I don't remember to be fair.
Yes. And we were able to email and then they ended up um gosh um island named Diego I think in the random middle of the indian ocean, they like finished their tour there. Um And then so she was there for like a week and a half and we were and she was at least in the wifi there before she got flown home. Um
We were able to like call and stuff because she was just, they were just like hanging out in this island and like going hiking and like drinking until they were sent. Yeah.
Right. Yeah, so that was, yeah, she was excited about like being somewhere. Um and then also with like covid precautions, I was talking to her about this because they like basically they just sat in the harbor for two out, two weeks before they left to make sure everybody like
was
safe
and then they were you know able to be on the sub without like wearing masks or like you know those social distance. And then so she said that she comes back to florida and now she's not used to like, oh I can't be around
you.
Well exactly. Yeah.
that is cool, wow.
Is he eliminating or
thanks.
All
Got you
really have lived all over.
No I haven't. But our next round of exams to med school and then a month and so I'm planning to visit her like the weekend after those and um I know with like covid and stuff traveling is a little bit risky and I you know, so I should be like concerned and safe and florida is like not doing too hot on terms of that. But I'm like I haven't seen her in so long and she was deployed
and I you know, I can miss her best friend so I hope and I can get a direct flight from here at Jacksonville so we'll see. That's the plan.
Oh I know I'm very very nice thing
actually maybe I will, I don't know if she'll respond right now but I'll text her and ask um which
vote she's on.
It's she's like five years um commitment. And she's done she also wants to go to medical school. Um And so they didn't let like are graduating year, they didn't let any female officers do like the H. P. S. P. Which is like the program for the officers to go to medical school. Um So she's like obviously had to go like do her sub stuff for the for the five year commitment but then
she
wants to
get out.
Oh it's a great opportunity.
I can make sense.
what
is
that?
The war of that.
But yeah you said 14 years at your complete so
no
if you're working from home, that makes sense.
um hopefully somewhere in the midwest I'd really like to like live in Chicago maybe for residency. Um I don't think I'm that I don't think I would do well in that big of a city, but like to have the, you know, the chance to live there and then kind of move something else. So I don't know if Ohio exactly. Um but somewhere in the area I'd like to live maybe like on lake Michigan or something like that, so I could see myself nurse or something like that.
She actually just responded. She was on the Georgia.
she's
like,
like
why rossi?
Um I had a question that I forgot I was asked, where did you go to under grab?
Thank
you.
I'm cool. I feel that I understand how you feel about like everybody from your high school going to University of Arkansas, it's the same thing here for like Ohio State. So Basically all of my friends from high school, they all went to Ohio state together and they eventually, you know, drifted apart because you meet other people in college and stuff for the first year. They were all like you said high school 2.0 and it's the same.
I'm
happy
that
I don't know anybody else. My mom had actually gone there and so um both her and my dad are like really big Notre dame football fans. So I've been there just a good football games and stuff like that. Um And I initially like didn't I don't know, I have like a great opinion of my mom and I love her to pieces. Um But I was like Notre dame. Is that even like a really good school? Like I
I just
like, you know, yes it informed. Um And then she was like maddie, what? Of course it's a good school. I was like, I don't know. And then she forced me to visit because I like I really wanted to go like a strong academic school. Um And then I was like okay, this is actually like a good
quality, that's why. And I mean I loved it from like the beginning of my visits and like the whole time there and um yeah, happy, I'm not like a college student right now during a pandemic. But um
So the way like my school personally works is we have like 2-3 hours each day, like small group discussions so we can do all those in the computer. And then there's optional lectures which have always been recorded for us to watch. So you can either watch them live or you know, watch them as a recording on another time. The thing that is the most difficult to plan is we do have like clinical stuff, we have to do before we do our locations next year. So we have to kind of prep and make sure we're ready to go, you know, work in a hospital and so we learn all of these clinical skills and you can't do that unless you're in, you know, like a simulated center or an actual hospital. So
um so yes, technically my school doesn't super differently. We don't actually do cadavers for our nanny anymore. Um We have to, we have like two weeks of anatomy at the beginning of our first year and then we do, it's called like this virtual reality, like augmented reality headset that we use. Um so
I really enjoy it. Um It gives me a pretty bad headache. Um so it's just like Isil beforehand because it's like, I've always gotten motion sick and it's like kind of heavy on your head, but I think it's awesome. We, you put it on and you just see the full body in front of you and then your teacher also is wearing one and then they like, we'll talk you through it and they have a little pointer that they control sticking point, a little pieces on the body. And I think it's awesome because I don't have to, first of all wear scrubs and smell like formaldehyde all day. And then you can just like look in and see like the particular, like muscle or the particular artery you're supposed to look at, you don't have to like cut through a body to figure it out. They also colour code things. So they'll be like, oh, look at this, you know, look at this vein, we colored, holding it yellow for you to look at and so you definitely know what you're looking at versus don't look at cadaver. It's just yeah,
other than the color coding, it's like very, very realistic. Um so you get an idea of where all the things are and you know what size and shape they are in relation to each other. So
were
like very cutting edge. Apparently it's, it's not what we were like one of the first to develop this technology from Microsoft, so it's pretty new for us. Um Schools are trying to do more, you know, like integrated stuff with technology to teach anatomy and stuff. Um but we're definitely one of the first with the headset technology, so
it's cool. Yeah.
you
do that.
good.
That's
great.
You
know like
are you taking that home out that? Oh, I don't like the idea of that,
that
is all uh they're so back at the beginning of my first year, we had those two weeks were working in the cadavers and so the way they test you on that is they use the bodies and they're like pin and put little flags on different parts and you're supposed
to
identify
it. Yeah exactly. Um And so the day before they close off the cadaver labs, they can kind of for the exam. And so up to that point you're allowed to like go in and practice on the cadavers and like identify things on your own. Um
No on the on the real life ones we so we had to we had two weeks with the real cadavers. Everything
else. Virginal. Yeah, so but the day before the exam, like our particular lab was closed but they said that we could go and look at the P. A. Schools could ever lab if we wanted to get some last minute, you know, studying in. So my roommate and I went. But the P. A. Students do different kind of dissections than the medical students do. And so she was asking me to like, oh can you like tilt the leg in this direction so I can like see the inside of it. And I just pulled it like off whatever. Because
I
didn't realize
that
they had
like,
I didn't know that they actually cut the leg off. That was like the moment when I had to be like okay I have to step away for a second.
we didn't leave at home pretty much like right afterwards I was like,
I think
I've done saying this started
for
four. But
yeah, it worked really well during the pandemic too because you didn't have to deal with like going in and stuff like that. They would just they sent ahead so at home to each of us so we were able to do it on our own time. Yeah. So
good. Nice. Yeah. So
it's called Hololens if you ever want to like take a look at it.
But
I mean yeah,
not that except
you have to practice that.
It's crazy how far technology has come. And then we will be studying and stuff and we'll study the treatments for certain disease and will say, oh you know, they're looking into this potential option and then realistically, you know by the time I'm practicing doctor, like they'll probably have advanced the treatment and they'll probably have all these new options to look at. And it's just like everything is, you know, outdated by the point that I actually will use it.
my
dad's but as a doctor and he's actually also nobody by in um
so that's something that's been like, I've always been around that growing up like that. So
he yeah, so he's always like, are you sure you want to do this? Like are you sure you want to go into medicine? Uh that we're actually we're working together on a research project right now, which
is really fun. Yeah. When, when, when it gets published and if anyone asks me, I'm going to be like, no, just a coincidence that we have to say last night.
Common last name, I guess. But
yeah, so really cool. I'm happy to have him. And he just he just loves like calling me up and hearing about what I'm learning. So I think that I don't understand something I can just call him and ask and he'll he'll go super in depth and
I'll be like okay I need that much
information.
Um It's 7 26 now and I think that would, We started at 7:01. Um I know if you feel comfortable ending it. Uh
I think
you
need
the time
on it. Yeah
well
account right? The little timer on my on the page before this just now says 25 56 for me. It's like
26
now. Yeah I think
you need
it.
No
it was super easy. Is so nice to meet you and
talk to you.
Well
thank
you so much.
Okay have a good rest of your night. But
closeness I think
people
do not move on when the conversation is complete. Just return to this browser tab. I don't know do I close it then?
I'm going to close this tap with the video.
But but