Yeah. Hello? I can hear you fine.
Good. How are you? Yeah.
Uh Sydney, Sydney,
cool. Nice to meet you, Christine.
No, I've graduated last year.
Yeah, I kind of brought all that over to decorate my room here. So, so the wall,
you have a ton of stuff all over, but
there's no, there's
yeah, actually I work for, I work in pro soccer, so big
fat.
I, well, there's not much going on right now because of everything going on in the world, but I do like live with that enough. So game day I like, and I'm in charge of all of our promotions and the groups and stuff, so just like even like ball kids and like the halftime show and that's like my job.
I didn't get to do much beforehand, but it was fun while it lasted. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
I'm
Ron.
truly.
Yeah, because I know them and the red stars have like a thing where they were switching stadiums around or I think Toyota Field is another one.
terrified.
That's cool. Wait, so you're, you're in Chicago?
Hey?
Uh
I've heard of that. Yeah. So I'm like over Minnesota, so like Chicago is pretty.
I went there for a national team game, not for Minnesota gave me so.
And
it's nice.
The woman seen, it was last year September yeah, like 2nd row seats. That sitting is so nice.
It's
cool. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't been to Minnesota United gave me because they played Portland here in March. but I had my other job so I couldn't go there yet. So I was bummed out about that. And then Covid and it's like, I like both teams. I guess. So. But
it's
not.
Yeah, I was like, right, literally like two weeks before everything shut down. I had my first day.
Yeah. I like I got to watch the thorns practice. I got to I worked the Nashville game and then now I've been doing, I've been being like a ball case basically these past few games. So yeah, sanitizing the balls is my job. I guess. It's so, it's I mean it's a wash against your freeze. That's great show. But it's
like, yeah,
like
they,
yeah, we don't do fans, we just have like the fake crowd noise. And then uh always there is like
the
only
Yeah. Everyone like, I tell everyone like, yeah, it's actually in the stadium like I hear it and they think it's like on the broadcast. I'm like, no, it's like playing on a loop over my head. It's so annoying because you can loops just like, oh my goodness, like it gets stuck in your head. And then when we hosted Vancouver in our stadium,
So they played their chance over and those are all stuck in
my head the same
to chat. Just
like, yeah,
I
was
like
and
exactly, they were they were cool, but they're just like the same two ones over and over here. I'm just, I'm so tired. I was like that cooper. Really?
Yeah. Uh
I know. Mhm
Yeah, it sounds pretty legitimate. Like what I've seen on tv and then they'll put over like if there's like a bad call, they put like booze and if there's like a should share. So it's pretty cool. Like my guts. My boss's job was calling that stuff.
yeah. But I was watching last night the Vikings bears game and like they had no sound at all and it was just so quiet. It was just so awkward. I didn't like it.
What?
What?
I do like being able to hear the players, like when they get really close in there and then like, of course I can hear it obviously. Like I hear every time they swear and they hear them like calling plays. It's really cool. So I like that. But like mixed in with a little crowd noise is fine because like, I don't know when you see the empty seats. It's weird. This
is
Exactly. Like there's always a crowd like even like minor league, there's there's noise, there's people but yeah now it's completely empty and like we have like people on like the bat like I don't know what side it is but like there's like media and press and like the players aren't suited up and then the other side is just completely empty. So it's
just so and they put like they put like they use like the computers to put like ads on the broadcast. So like you can like on T. V. O. C. Like ads. And I think we had we put like timbers army like the pictures of fans but that but then actually in the stadium there's nothing. So
I wish they did that. That would have been so cool because I know people would have bought that but I guess they just didn't want to do it. But I did it because that, I mean like I almost bought a Vikings one, but they're kind of expensive and I was like, yeah, so
Yeah, it was kinda boring. It was just boring I guess and it's just like towards the end I'm like, I know they're gonna screw up, like I'm just so used to, I think it is so
Yeah, like I don't trust kurt cousins half the time he annoys me and just like he was good last night I guess. But
yeah, it's
just
there.
That
was good. Yeah, it's like, you know, I I gotta root for him, he's my quarterback, but I don't really, I'm not like yeah, your cousins or anything just
Yeah, so I'm just like hoping they carry the momentum and keep winning. I don't know. I just don't, I'm just so used to them like disappointing me every week, so.
And then they lost. So the eagles so yeah.
yeah,
that.
hmm.
I
don't trust kickers. That's like the thing I've been uh
Fuck.
I was like really? I mean that's good for me because I don't have to stress out, but then they miss that extra because of the extra point. Like watch us lose by one point and it's because of that because that's happened before and it's just like what's
new?
No.
Yeah, somehow it's like if they somehow win the Super bowl this year, people are gonna count it because of everything going on and I'm just gonna be like whatever. I just
Who?
What?
Right. It's like you gotta be ready just in case someone gets covid and then someone else like the contact tracing whatever they do and then like
Right. That's like that's so disappointing because like one person can mess it up because because in Colorado, so like basically their video games, I think their equipment manager had it because he went out and then he infected a bunch of players and that's why missed a bunch of games. And that's why I like they're telling us like, you know, don't go out, don't do it. Like you have to like quarantine now we're in the playoffs and I'm like, okay. Mhm.
it
was
mm. So I
think like a higher standing
All
Yeah. And they're hosting Dallas, So that would be,
yeah, I think there's like a break um for this past week because I haven't worked um sunday. I think seven p.m. Yeah. I just know it's gonna be raining and miserable, so.
What?
It's raining right now. It's been raining for like the past two weeks. Like it's just gray out and it sucks because I like I'm used to son. Like I need sun. Let's take a ton of vitamin D. But I mean it's nice. I like this kind of weather to be honest. Like, I mean like I like the sun, but like I like the cold and just like being cozy and not being like sweaty is nice. So it just kind of sucks because it's like this constantly. So you just,
right? Nothing like, like midwestern code, like it's
40.
It
is not no nowhere like Minnesota code. But like, like if you wear like a, like a puffer jacket and every of you fine. Like a ring. Yeah, it's like, it's nice. Like I never use a heat or anything. I like it. Yeah. 40.
What?
I've seen a couple. I thought it was normal because they're, they're everywhere. But
because
I think it was a downtown Minneapolis met. I went to the Vikings game. We got off like the train and then there's just like a walkway, like across the street, so you don't have to go on the clock. And like downtown, I think I wanted like the hospitals, there was one. I know there's some down like in Rochester and my grandma lou's and just walkways everywhere and I guess I thought that was normal like in every city, but I guess not so.
Damn.
Uh The windshield
I hate.
my
gosh,
I'd be miserable. Uh
mm Like yeah, I know a couple of people then they just, yeah, it's so freaking cold. Like a couple of people from college. I know that moved from like sunny san Diego too. Health or Chicago's like you're crazy but hello it
And you ate,
it
was
like I missed it honestly. Yeah, the best weather was in san Diego I think.
Yeah. Like I grew up without seasons so then san Diego kind of had seasons and now there are like, I mean these, well it doesn't really rate a snow in Portland too much. It's not really season seasons like in the midwest, but Sandy was weather was so perfect. It was like, like it rains sometimes, but like nothing crazy to like southern Californians. I think it's crazy. But like there,
yeah, like they like, I remember one day like one spring and poured and people just running around just like trying to get out of it and I was over there in the rain jacket I had bought and I was like, oh look at me like I'm fine. But it's like seventies cool breezy. Like almost year round. It's so nice like
literally the same. Like I love the color that I go out and like maybe I don't.
Yeah. Like hurt. The cold hurts sometimes Honestly.
Like
it stings.
Yeah, it's a relief.
Mm Yeah. Just like dress come here and I have to like layer, that's like the one thing I'm learning is like how to layer or like having to buy like winter clothes, having to do that. So now it's like a whole new wardrobe and it's like, oh is it? We're gonna be warm in the morning and then warm later. Like if I'm like dressing to go to like work, it's like after dress for commuting. But then once again, so you gotta take everything off. It's just like so much
actually I live like eight minutes from the stadium, like a walk. So I don't have to worry.
Perfect. So I live downtown and that's the thing is like walking to work. Like if it's pouring, I gotta put on my rain jacket and like another jacket just stay warm. And then I get to the office which is heated and it's like, oh great. But
yeah, like a for an eight minute walk is my commute. I'm not gonna complain so,
What?
Yeah, that's that's what I hate is like not being able to dress, not knowing how to dress because it's like, even if you just wear shirt for later, you're still gonna be cold in the morning. Yeah, that's like, that's why I like that constant san Diego like drawing a jacket that's not too much. Yes. Oh, I miss it.
Yeah, it's just it's just been so great lately. I mean, and then when it gets dark earlier, it's like it's extra dark because there's no sun. Just
step.
I
mean,
right. Yeah, because I grew up in Hawaii and we didn't have daylight savings. So when I came here I was like, what is this? Like it's dark at four PM and I'm just like so disoriented but
my whole life basically until college.
wow, they're
good.
One.
Yeah because yeah, I follow all the Hawaii sports so and volleyball team, both of them are so good. So funny. Yeah, it's a football football team has been playing recently there alright. They played sts you like my school and they lost, I was like dang Yeah.
Yeah you got to go, especially when it's like winter, you got to go to hawaii like maybe not during a pandemic but like after.
Yeah, I know it's totally so many plans canceled but like
Mhm,
Yeah they're all or like my sister goes to school in Minnesota but like my parents are still in Hawaii and hopefully I get to visit for christmas. I don't know, I had to cancel my thanksgiving plans. So now I'm like yeah
a couple of like kind of recently it was like, you know, I don't know if I want to go now, I really wanted to go visit family over there but it's like it's too crazy right now so like I have friends here that I can hang out with some fine but it's like a
Come
on.
korean.
Yeah, that's that's what my roommate's doing, she's like going home for thanksgiving and just staying. So I was like yeah, I would probably do that too. Yeah, a lot of people I know in college are doing that so it's just better honestly.
I
um I think so, but they have a ton of people like in the dorms and stuff. And since it's a party school, people don't know how to listen grand parties and I think a lot of like san Diego's cases come from STS you and it's just like so disappointing. I mean
I'm not all right. One of my friends lives like right next to the school and she's like driving around and she would like to see people out like going to the store, like going to, I guess like, I mean they closed everything now, but like before, like the line for the bars are like out the door and like people, I see like just groups of students walking around going to parties just like, God yes, he is, he's a mess suite of a school on all levels. Mhm.
Yeah, it's just like, I mean like, I think, I mean it was, it was fun to go there and like I liked it. Like there's definitely good like educational wise, but they just like, they're really money hungry and like, yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. They just like spend their money on like the dumbest things. Like they're upgrading the gym when it doesn't need to really, I mean it could use an upgrade, but they're like doing that instead of like fixing buildings that need to be fixed or like building more parking structures because there's no parking anywhere and like building more dorms and like they don't, there's just so many people that go to that school and like, I think last year they did this thing where like sophomores have to live in dorms, tuna, which was just like more money because, and I was just saying, oh my gosh,
All
That's a bummer. I'm sorry.
That's that's how I think about it at the time. It could be worse. Hello?
Yeah. So that's that's a good thing. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. She was, she had like a one in person class and then I I I think they stopped that recently
and like, yeah, I would I would be I wouldn't want to go to that. So my roommate, she's in grad school at P. S. U. And she's like all remote and she's like, I hate this. This is so bad. It's like, yeah, I could not have been doing. I think like everyone from ultra go out to like they'll have like a socially distance like meeting like somewhere so they can get out of the house. But it's like it rains here now so there's not much we can do honestly,
And now
I know things don't magically change when like it hits 2021. But like I mean it's a good restart mentally I guess.
manifest it honestly. Like
I just like think that like a vaccine that we should hopefully be moving
up.
Mhm.
Like it's got to be slightly better than like in March. We didn't know anything. Like we didn't know how to do anything, wouldn't have anything. So now we're better. So that's
why.
You
know?
Yeah hug someone like
literally being a crowd. Like I can't even watch like T. V. Shows anymore without being like where's their masks and why are they so closely? It makes me uncomfortable as
well.
I
Yeah. Just like every time like I see someone like outside it's like are they going to be too close? Like do they have a mask on? Like it's just so weird. It's like all these things you've never would think about just like flood your mind and it's
like
How this is my 1st 1. Yeah.
All
No.
because important that everyone is pretty respectful like you know like good about stuff because like I had to take a second job is like a receptionist at this massage place. So when the clients come in like they have to be around a mask and pretty much everyone listens to that because it's like the law here. But like this one guy kept coming in without one. I had to keep giving him one and he like hold up, hold it up over his face.
This one guy comes in with like a mesh one with holes and I was like, dude that's not going to wear. And then this other guy would come in with like one of those like fashions but it was upside down covering just his mouth and it was like this big and I was like, what does that do? I don't feel safe. Like it was so Yes.
literally. It's like just wear your mask until you go get your massage and you can take it off in the massage room because the I think the massage because wears one or like but like literally it takes like five seconds. Like, well no, it's crazy. So hopefully people start listening. I don't know how hard it is to put a piece of cloth over your face. I don't know. Mhm.
Like
if that
Right. It's like literally, it's like if the doctors and they're just can do it for hours, you can do it for like 30 minutes.
Uh huh.
correct.
Nice to meet. You quoted me in another shocker band. That's awesome.
Okay.
Call Look for me at the top. I stand on the top right corner of the screen if you see that, that might be me. So
yeah, I just feel like I just hang out. That's fine.
Yeah, you've talked to me on celebrity. Yeah, but
mm Okay, Well, nice to meet you. It
was
All