Hey with the area. Okay,
how's it going?
Not too bad happens here now.
Also I'm christian.
It's a are you in in college by chance?
Okay right. I just, I saw the scarves and like the flag and stuff. It reminds me of a college room a little bit
out.
Are those those soccer flags over there on the wall?
Yo are you a big soccer fan?
You
really? No way. What's who? No shit. I'm like a giant enormous soccer fan, like I can't even live. Yeah, I just got off, I had class this morning but I was playing FIFA during the second one. I'm like, yeah, just like I'm I'm all about it, that's dope, What do you do?
Shit. I mean for the timber is like, that's as good as it gets. I think they probably have the best like game day experience out of any team. That's so cool.
Well hopefully you guys get to get back to it. Um, sometime next season. I know. So like I, I go to like fire games. I got some a fire fan. I don't know if they're like, they're hard to love their, like a really, there's this weird thing going on with, like they're rebranding to, or like I'm a no, it's really weird like following the team, but I've just been doing it for a while so it's like, might as well stick with it. Uh, and
they had just moved to, so they were out in the suburbs for a little while. Like pretty much the whole time besides like the first couple of seasons, but that wasn't working out too well. Like people just weren't showing up and like they felt like they weren't connecting with like the city crowd because I really like they were Chicago and name all new, like distance wise. It was probably like, like you had to make a serious effort to actually get out to a game um back to like, soldier field downtown and I was going to
go to their first game back in March that the home opener was lined up for like March 23 or something. And it was just like the like so close to perfect timing. But
that was
like the movie of the week after everything kind of like started caving in. Um I had to cancel that and everything. But yeah, I was curious to see how that was going to go because like, Soldier Field was a big stadium and like, it's hard for an analyst team anywhere. I mean Portland and like the Seattle's and stuff. Those are the teams that like, it's kind of different. Like they have that fan base, the
fire. I was curious to see how many people are going out.
Toyota park. Classic.
Actually it was like Toyota park. And then for a couple of seasons, Toyota wasn't sponsoring them officially anymore. Like they weren't getting checks for anything, but they still call the Toyota part because like that people knew it is like Toyota, we got their money's worth there. I got to say.
yeah, yeah. So I'm a senior right now. Um
I go to school like in the city, kind of not look in downtown downtown, but like they're about, my address will say Chicago. Like if I gotta love um Yeah,
it's called Loyola Chicago. Kind of like on the north side.
All right on Yeah. Yeah. One of my friends uh there are a lot of people here actually that are from Minnesota. I don't know what it is like, but now one of my close friends, she's from like Saint paul Minneapolis. I got her like a Minnesota. Have you been in that stadium? Minnesota United?
Uh still, I look
nuts like they just built
Brando, was it uh man's team or women's team?
That's awesome. Yeah,
that's so cool,
So did you, when did you start with
the timber
then? Was that a recent thing,
dang? At least you got a couple, a couple of weeks time you got to go in and like see what it's like.
Actually
are there
any
chance a lot out there or is it pretty like clamp to
do
they
point that they put that in the stadium? I was always I don't really that's interesting. I always wondered about that.
Oh yeah, they couldn't play in Canada or whatever.
All
they
have chad
I
want
to
know Dobbin was to dig up the Vancouver fan audience had to turn that
up real loud. Probably.
huh
Yeah. When I was watching some of the Fire games, um there were times where they, I guess they didn't turn it on at least for like the broadcast.
But I would joke like no, like it's on like this just that's what it sounds like.
as free Korea,
you don't
like it like that. I almost like at least with soccer, I like it because like, I don't
know, it's different to hear what they're saying at least like I guess like after a little while. Yeah, it's kind of like, okay, there is nothing like groundbreaking there. It's like, yeah, you're hoping that a lot. But I don't know for a little bit. I was like, okay, I'm okay with not having the usual just like noise. Especially when you can see that there's just nobody out there. It's like it feels like, I don't know, it's Topia or something.
mean it's kind
of weird for the players to like these guys are like, they've always been like, I wonder when the last time they put in front of nobody is like, not not even when we're kids. Right?
Asked.
No, no cut outs even. I feel like that would be a big like.
Did you watch like the full game yesterday? The Vikings bears game, man? I don't know. I was there any any more entertaining from the Vikings perspective? The barricades never really like this season has been tough.
See it's the same for us. I'd like to know that it's the same on both sides. But like, oh my God, the barriers like they can't even, it's just the can't score. It's brutal. Every time you wake up and you think it's going to be different like even if like the offense just plays like mediocre, that might be enough like that's just too much to ask.
he
showed
up. They were kept talking about how like he never won on monday
night football before he finally broke the curse.
Good for him.
Yeah, that's impossible. That's the same for nobody here is like Yeah, nick fullest they were for a little bit. But it was just because like, okay, he's someone different like we didn't know if he was bad and that now we've seen him a couple of games and we we regret it but that's all we got
what happened. I remember the year in the playoffs a couple of times. Was that against New Orleans or something? I really remember my friend being torn up in the playoffs like or no, they came back on somebody like stefon diggs caught a ball that was a few years ago and I got something else. That's not enough.
we lost the eagles to, that was last year on the double. Doing Yeah,
it's just
heartbreak. It's just heartbreaking to illustrate Packers fan, it's just heartbreaking. Yeah,
it's like
yeah, that last stop has been so far.
Yeah. What happened? They brought him out, they brought your
kicker out yesterday and the announcer was like we haven't seen him in three weeks. I was like what do you mean?
It was
also not it could have come down to it, but
no, they pulled it off.
I don't even know how I feel about I feel like this year it's like harder than ever because like any like the Bears for example, like I think a couple of their offensive linemen got sick and like once that happened like quarantine the whole unit. And so it was just like a bunch of random dudes throughout their basically and they got destroyed. So like it's just, I don't know, it's really like a test of like the entire team as
opposed to like just
the first couple of guys I guess.
Yeah. Even like I'm a lot. So I remember when they were doing like the the like the tournament in florida or whatever, what was it like Fc Dallas and Nashville couldn't even play because like they're just they stay dropped the ball.
Seriously? It's everybody like people think it's just the players like when he's here. I think I saw that one about colorado, like just that somebody had gotten it. But like I won't assume like, oh it's gonna be a player when you have a lot of people. And I'm pretty sure now that like, the rules for the playoffs are going to be, he qualified by like points per game or something like that. And so that actually it works out better for them that like they played so many less games, but like the
ones they
have played, they've done better.
So.
And like I think so, I mean, I guess there's no telling how they would have done in the game they would have played, but like, yeah, they just had to do less to get more. Are the
timbers hosting the game?
When is that? I feel like it's been a while since I've seen them a lesson.
Is that how what's like the typical weather out there? Because my brothers actually have an older brother that's like, he's going for a God, like a PhD, so he's been in school for a while but
he just accepted an offer in Portland for this one company or like I don't know if it's like like Portland, Portland or thereabouts but like out in Oregon.
Is it really is it like cold cold or it's just like
like
Minnesota called, My friend tells me
about.
Must uh my friend was telling me like uh
some places the minister or like I guess in like Minneapolis or whatever they have like they're called skyways or something like all these. That's a thing I had never heard about that before. I feel like I should be in more places, Chicago could definitely use that in like the coldest months in the winter. No, it sounds sick like one connected. Is it really just a bunch of hallways, connected buildings or what?
I wish
I work.
No that would be clutch like in Chicago. Especially I mean like the wind. I don't know how windy it gets in Minnesota. Just in Chicago. No, it's like it doesn't matter how many layers you're wearing, you could have like six coats on. It's just like the wind hits you. It's like it just passes right through everything
and
it's
like, it's not even just like how much colder it makes it, it's how strong it's like it's just blowing you around and stuff and trying to like go on your
way.
It's ridiculous.
I think. Yeah. People were not meant to live out here at this time of year.
Did you go to school out in California? Oh
damn. That must be nice. Huh.
Warm.
What?
Just like all year round. Huh? I can't even imagine that. I feel like did you miss that? Like that's having seasons or no, I think there's still season. It's not as hard
it's just there's privileged,
wow. Yeah. I think like oh my God I tell myself like oh I like the seasons but like as soon as like I spent an extended period of time I'll be like yeah forget it. Like I don't miss any of that.
Not even know. Yeah. Right. It's like when people say like you get used to it like I don't think so. I think my body always forget what it's like to be cold and it's just like super uncomfortable every time I get back out there
if
you
I like the cold when I can be inside and like feel war are coming inside after you're out Nicole like that feels pretty good.
But it also be nice to just be able to be outside for like more than half the year.
Yeah. I feel you. Is there like a hike for you to get into work or?
That sick. Yeah,
let's just go back and forth.
Or did you don't know if it was like this out in san Diego but like I visited san Diego and san Francisco and time and there I felt like I needed like two completely separate outfits for like from the morning to the afternoon because early on like the sun was not yet. It was like like 50° and like kind of chilly, like a little bit of a breeze to but then like a couple hours later, once the clouds parted basically it was like the middle of summer and I'm sitting here with either.
I was like what the hell am I supposed to do?
Yeah, I don't wanna,
It's
like midnight here at 5:00. It's really depressing. I totally
get
it.
You grew up in Hawaii how long were you out there?
No. Really? That's awesome. One of my friends he's going there, he got like a he joined the volleyball team so he's been out there in the past couple years. I
still
there. Oh my God. Yeah. I didn't know it. They're like it's been fun following him like just as they go along they got pretty faster too and then they are not a couple. Yeah
it was only remember I think last year the season got canceled in between this past year got canceled halfway through. But the year. Yeah. Yeah so it's pretty up in the air it seems like about what they're going to do moving forward. I mean for them I'm having to travel so many games like I can see it being I don't know you got to be really on top of things as far as like stuff, but he was just telling me that they're getting back to practice finally after like
Yeah I still own a visit, I still that's one that like I have to make sure I cash in because like I've never been out there personally so that
yeah, yeah everything's gonna come with that Astra's now, but
have you been like is your family still uh
in hawaii or thank you for calling out here.
just recently, or like you already knew ahead of time.
a lot of people here, like I'm like on campus right now at school, like I'm also like from the Chicago area, like
even
my brother was like downtown or not downtown but like in the city um so like I can just like hitch a ride with him and like it's pretty easy. I live like an hour away
by car. Uh A lot like the state after either like going home for thanksgiving and like not coming from next semester or just like sticking it out till christmas. Yeah. Because like there's just also like if you're having to buy plane tickets and have to be like a quick like back and forth, especially now, you know like you might as well wait a couple more weeks and then get over there.
You know if like sts you
like are they all online or something or like?
Hey
like not even just that?
my god. I mean isn't that everybody like, especially now that's like cup like for us, I think a lot of schools had like we're just trying to petition for like decreased tuition because you know, you don't put that money down for online classes even if they're going to tell you they're gonna swear up and down. That is the exact same experience or whatever. Like they're never going to say like yeah you're right, this is the worst like objectively. It's not worth as much. Ah Yeah it's a shame. I mean I guess it's not a surprise but like when it's just when it comes to the surface so clear like that it bumps.
what what you're doing for us is that we have like a similar thing like freshmen and sophomores. Um Actually I think sophomore year you might be able to get an apartment but like most people just stick with the dorms. Um But we're completely online right now. Been like this since pretty much March uh and
into spraying this like we're going to try and get things. Uh We're gonna try and do like 10% of classes. Not like a million person, but like some like in between hybrid thing. Um like we're gonna put a priority on classes for like 1st and 2nd year students, which to me like the people who would stay in the dorms because right now they're empty. Like they had to go and send everybody home or like in the first place. I'm sure that that's hurting their wallet too. So I wonder that they're not going to be like, we're going to prioritize the seniors living in off campus apartments. You know what I mean? Like? Uh huh. Not exactly the senior year that any of us had in mind, but I don't know
that is what it is. I think like there are more things to be worse situations to be in this for sure. But
it helps. Yeah, it does help honestly. It could always be worse.
Is your sister remote to
thank you?
Well not just a huge bummer across the board.
What a year?
No, I was literally, I was about to say the exact thing. Like, I don't care if the like just flip that number on the calendar and like, let's see what happens because it cannot get any worse than it is right now. Aren't they
Holy on board with that.
I think
things are, yeah, I mean everything's got to come with this, but things are looking up. That's the awesome right
now.
I just
want to go back to even just February 2020. Like we were all were also naive. You could do anything.
Like what would,
I would be like, I would go out to dinner. I would like order dessert. I would, I never, I'm like, give me that menu. You know what I mean? Like I would,
Yeah, appetizers. I want the whole works. Yeah. Somebody come with five ft of a stranger.
Even like
when I'm out like for groceries and stuff, like I don't want to start feeling
weird about like, you know, just like normal things. But
or
like I get whenever I have, have you done a lot of these before or just like the first one?
Okay. Okay. One thing I always worry about
when I have been one of these because it's like, you have no idea who you're going to be talking to. I'm like, I hope this person believes that covid is this thing. I never know how to like approach that. I'm always like tiptoeing around it. Like I wait for them to like tip their hand about what they think. And then I'll be like, I haven't come across like anybody yet, but like I thought it was just I came was yesterday because I'm getting to call and I'm talking to bob from florida and he's just like mass white dude. I was like,
I think I need to be very careful here. But then he said something, I was like, okay, like okay, we are.
my God, that's like,
It's like we're not we're not at, nobody is asking a lot out of you.
exactly. Yeah.
Apparently
it's a shame to realize that it's like for some people, it's just too far too much that
Yeah, no kidding cheese. Yeah,
All right. I got like another class coming up here. It's my last day. So
if that's cool with you, I'm gonna let you go. But it was great too.
Yeah, the fire got knocked out of the playoffs like the last day. It was a disgrace, whatever. Okay? Because
let's go timber I'm fully,
I'll keep an eye out for sure.
I know her
back up Tuesday you're on the T. V. So I guess that cost.
it
easy. Thank you
about.