SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how's it going
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: back?
SPEAKER_R: going to, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. I didn't even know I had one of these tonight until I got the reminder. It said it was canceled. And so my throat was cancelled my hair. I'll hop on. I could use a couple extra bucks.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah it's a good
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it's a good way to earn a little bit of money.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's something it's not good. How are you doing tonight?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Sorry? Uh
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: But at the end of my day where I'm in the eastern time zone, so it's 9:00 here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Here too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Which which are you in the U. S. I'm assuming you're in the
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: eastern
SPEAKER_L: in new york
SPEAKER_R: time zone in new york? Okay like state or city
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: outside the city. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: how do you like it there? Are you like born and raised new yorker? Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah it's like anybody. So I'm talking like yeah it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: My family's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: here, otherwise taxes are really high. Um Lot of stuff going on that we're not crazy about in my hometown. Um So, but my wife's family is here to, otherwise we'd probably be moving, but it's my jobs here, right. She could really work anywhere she wants. So there's proof here for now,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that sounds exactly like our so I'm not born but
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: pretty much like raised Kentucky and live my whole life um and still live here because our family is, my husband's from Kentucky, I'm from Kentucky, word from different parts of Kentucky but came like met in the middle, our families are really close. Um Yeah my jobs here he works remotely so we could go wherever, it doesn't matter for him, but I've got a pretty nice job, but I'd like to not give up and uh that's how we stay in Kentucky, you know? Uh but then there's that sentimental attachment to your hometown to write like it's pretty here. I like it. The people are ever meeting sometimes. Oh
SPEAKER_L: It sniffs. Yeah. There's a lot a
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: lot of changes going on to my hometown right now that we're not crazy about. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what's going on? Right,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. All right. We'll go there slate. So there's a it sounds terrible if you're not from here because it sounds really racist, but it's not um There's an ultra Orthodox set in my Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Have you heard of them? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Laura, I if if it's rude, covid related then yes.
SPEAKER_L: It's not just covid related, but that's been like the final straw. But there um you know, they've always been here, but in the recent years they've just bloomed in numbers. Um They all vote in a very unified way. I mean like the rabbi tells them who to vote for it and they will bus all of them to the polls. So whoever they back winds and they have a lot of political sway because of it. Um So there's a lot of corruption unfortunately going on with them. Um I mean, if you look at their hometown, like most of them are below the poverty line yet. They live in these very nice high ranches with six kids and um, so there's a lot of like, unfortunately corruption going on that, those people and I'm like, I mean I have, I have some very close jewish friends. My jewish friends actually hate them the most, so it's not a religious thing. It's more kind of what they do the community, um, with Covid, they're just not following the rules. Um, And so like my town, if you, if you look at my county, there's like their town is one of the highest infected rates in the country, possibly in the world unfortunately. And then it radiates out out there and a few miles away from them. It's a small county. So it's, you know, it's, it's kind of affecting everyone unfortunately right now. And my wife is, I'm a bit better with it than she is, she's just had it with them like, so unfortunately they've already kind of in our lifetime taken over a couple towns and when I say taken over, like, like, you know, if I go through the heart of their town where it's like completely segregated um they've actually been known to throw stones at people, so like taking over and so she's right that they're going to take over more and more of the county and it's a real concern, I hate to say it, but like if you haven't heard of it, it sounds awful and we're not racist, people, I swear to God. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no. You know, I have like obviously like super far removed exposure to ultra Orthodox communities, like I've read about them. I if
SPEAKER_L: Honey,
SPEAKER_R: you are you familiar, there's this radio
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: program called the moth Radio Hour.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's just people storytelling about their experiences and it's really good. But there is this woman who she spoke about,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: her experience growing up in an old ultra Orthodox family and trying to break out of that and kind of like the cult mentality that it breathes right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: on some level. It doesn't matter if it's a ages old religion, you can still be a cult right within
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that. And that's what, you know, we have that in Kentucky to not not ultra
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: orthodox Judaism, but we have the Pentecostal, an ultra evangelical conflict christian sect. Like, I don't know if this exists
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: outside of Kentucky and
SPEAKER_L: That?
SPEAKER_R: Appalachia, but you know, snake handlers and they, you know, they handle snakes and they speak tongues and that kind of environment. And it's that same like religious fervor kind of grabs and manipulates
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right, so it doesn't matter what religion it belongs to at some point when it's used to manipulate a group of people at some, it's not good. It's not harming the community around it.
SPEAKER_L: You know, we we've lived alongside of them our whole lives and it's never bothered me until the last few years when um I mean they've taken over school district, they try to eliminate some of the core subjects because they send their kids all to private schools and they have completely taken over. And what was actually one of the better school districts in new york city, New york state is now ranked one of the worst and I mean we're right out, we're, you know, we're right across the river from new york city, so there's some pretty bad inner city schools there. This is ranked worse than them and we're, we're in a very affluent suburb, like it shouldn't. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, that's my take on new york and especially right now with Covid going on um and the taxes that I have to pay to live here um you know, we
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: should be living very comfortably and we're like stroke. I'm on prolific at nine o'clock at night to make an extra 20 bucks club. You put it that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm sorry to hear that that uh makes you want to go like hiding Vermont or something. I feel like they don't have it as bad right now. I don't know, I don't actually know anything about Vermont, but it seems like an idyllic place. It's like it's got like a lot of woods and hippies. Um But yeah, no, I mean like so Kentucky, we started out we did like a really good job. Um We started out just kind of like, well and I just mean covid, I don't mean anything else Kentucky current like always ranks the bottom on education in obesity and health care. Like we're good. We're down at the bottom mitch, McConnell has been in power for a long time to make sure that we're like
SPEAKER_L: There.
SPEAKER_R: ranking at the bottom very listen. Um but you know, Covid, like we got this governor in and he's great
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: and he's, you know, like we called him uh you know, he's like, mr, Rogers, kind of, governors can love, you guys will take care of each other and not spread this and you know, just in general, like um and in other areas too, like, let's just take care of people love each other and it was working and then I don't know what happened. Everybody snapped one day, everybody, but like, the kind of like, mostly religious extremist groups like just snapped and people are like, I'm not burn the mask, That's how the 5G gets here, guys. Just put your mask on. It's really very
SPEAKER_L: Those anti maskers, man, I have some, some of my friends are anti maskers. I'm like, like really like this is this is communism like, no, no,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: it's cotton put it on. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's all right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay, now it's I've tried to I've tried to embrace stoicism in this time to varying degrees of success. You know, we're like actual legit, like it's not good or is it bad? It just is I guess like, but it's uh like I said, very divisive
SPEAKER_L: And if
SPEAKER_R: success. So what what is your coping mechanism other than talking to strangers at 9:00 PM at night?
SPEAKER_L: Um Honestly, like, so before this all went down, I was working, I was working insane hours Um like three nights a week I was working, I'd leave the house or a little before seven a.m. And get back around seven PM. And then the other two days weren't terrible. It would be like, you know, 73, something like that, wow.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so like I was working a lot and I have, right before this all happened, I had my second child and so this has been, it's been awesome, it's kind of just forced me to slow down. I've been spending so much more time at home um
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: wife has hated it, but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you know, I've just enjoyed like spending time with my family at first, it was
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: kind of nerve racking, but you know, we moved into this house two years ago and there were always a bunch of things, I'm like, yeah, when I get time, I'll do it and I had time. So you know, we did landscaping, I put up a playground for my daughter. Um you know, I just did a bunch of stuff outside, but you know, I wanted to do that, I, you know, I just didn't have the time to do. So you know I got a lot of that stuff done which has been cool other than that you know play video games talk to my friends. Um I've always been you know still been working throughout all this. Thank you. Neither of us have been out of that work so but I'm kind of in and out right now
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm working but sometimes I have to go in, sometimes I have to work with.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You get to explain
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: Um I work with autistic population mainly.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Are you a occupational therapist or a social worker or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a B. C. B. A. Um behavior analyst. So you know I work for a non for profit and I do a lot of in homework and I you know consult with schools and stuff like that so like um the autistic kids and even some of the adults that have like really bad behaviors because of their disability. I go in and I train people how to work with them and things like that. So it's fun. It's a lot of hands on work. It's pretty rewarding. Um you know, But it's it's interesting. That's for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I bet that's like, I just don't know what you're gonna encounter from day to day. That's yeah, that does have to be really fulfilling. Especially because you're kind of just advocating advocating
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: for a group of people that Uh huh. I don't know if that's really cool because you're, you know, it's, I don't know, you're just like normalizing a group of people who don't maybe get a chance to be normalized very often. It was great. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: it's fun. What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm an accountant. Uh nothing super excited. I work in higher education for
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the University of Kentucky, uh the College of Design. So I am alone accountant
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: in the field of architects, uh architects,
SPEAKER_L: perfect.
SPEAKER_R: the interior
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: designers and academics. Um and I try to get them all to behave and follow bureaucratic rules so that we don't get in trouble for brilliant name things and so that we don't spend more money than we have because creative types are really good at spending too much money, um, over everything. It could be anything. Like I need this pack of pins, You know, they're $15 a pen, but
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you don't buy them for me. Oh, I got by the pens just, you know, like, so no, it's fun. I am. I work with epidemics. I run, um, like the operational side of academia. I'm an accountant. Like, you know, only accountants find it exciting, but I think it's thrilling. Um, so it's good, lots of numbers and people and prior to, prior to that, I worked in the non profits after I was a housing counselor with habitat for humanity and the accountant as well because you know, when you work for a nonprofit, you get to be whatever they need you to be. Yeah. And, and, and if you just end up having a title, that's like I am the money person, so it doesn't matter what type of money we're talking about, you know? So uh so I was mhm I did housing counseling without attack and got to work with a bunch of awesome people um ultimately
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: decided to move on because it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: hard when you, I'm sure you, you know, this is hard when lives like that level of emotional involvement in your job, you get so attached to people and especially when you're working with like I sometimes marginalized groups of people
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: who um yeah, I don't know, reduce the like stereotypes or monolith and you get super
SPEAKER_L: But first
SPEAKER_R: passionate I guess about the people you're working with, I need everybody to recognize the nuance of this and uh I loved it, but left.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's training I was in residential for quite a while. I knew what the population that I work with. You know, Mostly a lot of them had like several palsy and intellectual disabilities and some of my autism. Um But it's tough. I was uh started off as like a house manager, um you know, fortunately like they don't have as uh as much of a life span as more people. So when, you know, I started they were like Late 40s, early 50s, and then, you know, as I kind of moved up in the company, United States in touch with all of them, I go there and hang out and we had considered friends after a while and yeah, you know, some of them started passing away, keep really tough. Um That's when I just went more into the behavioral side of things, but I'm kind of glad I wasn't there for Covid because it was a ravaged the company used to work with.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my gosh. I can imagine that my yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: my my indeed of my
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: college, she lost her partner. Um She had she had dementia and right before all this happened she and she she
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: placed her in a memory care facility. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's
SPEAKER_R: to kind
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: of help her get some sort of like therapy that she needed. And she was in the memory care facility in koeberg hit and unfortunately uh attracted
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: it. That's the way recently. So
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah, it's really hard. But you know the I that was like the early mortality rate to like working in uh not to get super depressing with our conversation but like the mortality
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: rate
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: how how lack of affordable housing impacts the mortality rate. You know, I worked with so many people who by the time they got to me by the time we got to that
SPEAKER_L: five?
SPEAKER_R: level of housing counseling, like they were in a bad way because so habitat for humanity doesn't,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you know, they don't donate houses, they finance them, They mortgage them. So if you
SPEAKER_L: but.
SPEAKER_R: bought a house from habitat, you've got a mortgage with habitat. Um, and so people weren't paying, we would have to have to figure out
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: what to do. But if somebody has reached the point of not being able to afford a zero
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: interest mortgage, their worst things going out of their life, right? Usually like
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: companion medical issues or gambling problems or domestic violence. And so there was just a lot of that too. And I lost quite a few homo understood just like bad health or home life situations that, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: What is its compassion fatigue is just really feel so like when he's like more people to join the social
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: work profession so people can cycle out of it more quickly. Thank you. Did you?
SPEAKER_L: or at least
SPEAKER_R: Just for five years and then you're done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you know, I find as long as that kind of well move around, so I just even do a different aspect of it helps so much um Because I've been doing, I've been doing what I've been doing in various forms in like 13 years I've had in like those 13 years, like six different positions because it's just, you know, it gets a lot and then like I'll switch positions and I mean thankfully it's you know, it's always been kind of an upward move um but you know now that I found like going to homes, it's it's a lot more rewarding working with the kids and it said and you know, I go in there and like the parents are just like fed up and then, you know, these kids hitting us and breaking stuff and I kind of worked closely with the family for like a year or two and get things in order and then like I literally just get to kind of hang out with the kids for a couple of months, fine tune things and then, you know, and then move on and it's like a bunch of those cases and if something gets, you know, going into people's homes, there's some crazy people out there. So I just, you know, if it's like, if it's one of those situations where it's just like, all right, the parents the problem and they're not going to admit that there's a problem, I'm just like, you know what,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I'll see you there, you know, But unfortunate because, you know, no one knows what I do except the people that need it, but it's a really high demand so you know I can move around as much as I want without really. You've been worrying about burning bridges at this point. Mhm You
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: good that you get that flexibility. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's fun but I'm still playing a lot of weekly, a
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: long term goal. Uh huh. I've actually loved you know I was I've always been, everyone thinks of new york is new york city but like upstate new york is probably really similar to Kentucky and like you know like and we've had a summer home so I've always want to get out of the area that I'm in, go someplace quiet. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So my wife and I already you know I'm not even 40 yet but we're already talking about what we're gonna do, we retire girl
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Can it parents?
SPEAKER_L: girls are in college to sell the house, move anywhere in the country we want. Um So who knows We might be hangars at some point. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: So we have, so we also have two kids and we're like trying to formulate a plan to like maybe push one to go live and name and the other one to live. Like,
SPEAKER_L: And I think.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, a warmer climate. It could be California. I don't know. We'll see like how they're doing a forest fires by the time my kids graduate college. But like if one can go to maine and other California, we can sell our house, get an RV and then like in the summer go hang out with the one who's chosen main, you know in the winter go to the one who has chosen the warmer climate. Just like mom and dad are going
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to hang out with you for six months out of the year and then we'll go to the other kids. How do you know? Parker? Everybody in your will be those parents?
SPEAKER_L: that's a good idea.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's my retirement. So we got to see which one I'm thinking it's my daughter who is going to be the main kid because she uh she's tough, She's only she's like 15 months old and she scares, I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: saw a little bit um she runs the house, she's that's not what does she tell me I wanted to quit doing something and she looked at me and you know like, you know, don't tell me no, like okay I'll stop but don't tell me, no, she's she's and then my son is like um like just super um artsy and feels like he will tell you that he likes
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: to serve, but he's never surfed before, he's four, he doesn't know how survey works like um So I think he'll be the more the warmer climate kid, so I think, I think we might have some luck.
SPEAKER_L: It's your kids sound just like mine and my oldest is forward to and if I could have freeze them in time at this at her at her age, I love that age. And then my little one she's younger but she got her first shots. She didn't cry. She just grunted at the doctor. I wasn't there for I wish I was with, my wife said she got the shot and just look at document. I'm like that but that is so cool. I was so proud. The older one she's she feels everyone's pain. She's already got anxiety issues you can tell. But you know she loves to dance and shit you know? So she's gonna be the our team won. I'm trying to push her to be a vet because she loves animals being an animal doctor doc make stuff and you do it.
SPEAKER_R: There you go.
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Freddie
SPEAKER_L: starting
SPEAKER_R: career aspiration. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think like the age that they're at now, I got both of our kids, it's like the best age though because it's like you can just dream for them like that's all you know and it's like it's so cool to see their personalities emerge and you know just they're just like a sponge right now. It's awesome. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's it's very
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: entertaining. Yeah, it's very entertaining to watch, especially
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I don't like, it's like the second time around, like you're a little bit less nervous and you kind of know what to expect a little bit to get to enjoy it more. I don't know if that was your experience, but with our second with her daughter, she's just um yeah we can just step back and we're like no, in what cases, it's like, yeah you're fine. I can let you explore that without, you know, first time mom like hello? Um It's cool to see him go.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: We were building garden beds this afternoon to get those down
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: before it gets too cold so they'll be ready in the spring
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: and she was like right up on it. She wanted to see my son was off doing something. I don't know. He was running through leaves
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: to see
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: how many he could crunch in one go. Like that was his task that he was, he was he was occupying
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: himself. But like she wanted to figure out how the drill worked, how she gave the screw and like she was ready to build the garden frames herself.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: It's so funny. Um You know, it's just the little things that they are interested in. Uh It's also as they're testing
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: boundaries
SPEAKER_L: that's.
SPEAKER_R: and growing I found the hardest part about parenting is like not laughing when they do something, you know like they're not supposed to do. But it's really funny and the jews to not do it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah a couple of weeks ago uh You know I was just I was grumpy putting my daughter in bed. I mean I was tired. We have our old nighttime routine, but you know, she doesn't like to go to bed sometimes, so she um don't tell her like five times to put pajamas on and after the fifth time like charms on, she looks at me and goes, somebody needs a tickle. And I turned around because I was about to start laughing another minute or two goes by and she's playing with something else. I said, I thought I told you that you need to put your pajamas on and she looks you can go straight face and I thought I told you it sounds like you need a tickle. Uh huh. All right. Yeah, Dude, like your four, you know, I kept it in and yelled at her, but I have to leave it just like you gotta keep your daughter said, you know? But yeah, it's a trip man, so.
SPEAKER_R: So he's Uh huh. And they pick out if you have done this either. But it's more of my son and my daughter because I'm sure this will come out as she gets older. But you know, they find the most testing parts of your respective personalities and that seems to be what hits genetically like. So um my husband is excels at malicious compliance. Um And I have who are poor impulse control. Kind of an an innocuous
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: way like just you know sometimes I want to have trouble focusing. My brain will be like you know make that noise or poke your husband to see like you know he hates being tickled but let's tickle them and find out, you know right? I just don't stop myself. And so my son has both malicious compliance and poor impulse control and it it's fun. Okay. It's especially incredible with other people we're familiar with treat. No.
SPEAKER_L: I think the worst offender anyway, so because I'm yeah, I'm usually loud and kind of boisterous and public anyway, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my wife just get some embarrassed from all sides.
SPEAKER_R: What are you doing remind yourself that you know like I love them. It's fine. Oh
SPEAKER_L: All right. I think that's a 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: no we've hit, it was good talking to you. I didn't I don't think I asked. What is your name,
SPEAKER_L: I'm charlie.
SPEAKER_R: charlie? I'm Lauren. Let's just talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking to. I didn't even know we were allowed to do that. I don't know. Probably. Okay. Uh This is so I did the first round And I did two or three of the first round and you're my second on this round and you were the first person to ask me my name.
SPEAKER_R: well Billy Well well you feel like it's important. I'm later. I can I don't know, I just feel like it
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: helps contextualize the conversation. Like this dude named charlie in new york.
SPEAKER_L: I met some girl named Lauren and Kentucky and like I'm glad my wife isn't home because
SPEAKER_R: You want to?
SPEAKER_L: the first time I did this there was a young girl. I forget where she was from. But my wife goes, who are you talking to? Because she hates that. I do the survey. She goes, it's such a stupid waste of your time. She's like, you're doing all this stuff for 50
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: cents. I'm like Harry, but it's part of my client. Shut up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No, my my husband found that this is to be glad she doesn't want to do. Like my husband found out about prolific and he's like, well I'm going to do it and now there are so many studies that you can only do one per household. Like your kid coming out of studies. Dude cut it out, go find your own thing. This is but he didn't get to this. But if you if you haven't already looked at like go look up better up labs, it's a very interesting whether I think trying to
SPEAKER_L: Fuck.
SPEAKER_R: tests through this experiment like their
SPEAKER_L: I didn't read
SPEAKER_R: their
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: little start up.
SPEAKER_L: kind of like how you could, how he read other people's perception of you. Yeah, I've actually been, I've been doing prolific now about three years. I've been involved in some really interesting ones, some really interesting ones. Um, this is this is this is very unique, but just some of the stuff that people have been studying, it's been it's been cool.
SPEAKER_R: Baby.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well Lauren enjoy the rest of the night.
SPEAKER_R: You too, Charlie have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: All right. You two night