Hello.
It's
going to, how are you?
yeah yeah it's a good
it's a good way to earn a little bit of money.
Pretty good. Sorry? Uh
But at the end of my day where I'm in the eastern time zone, so it's 9:00 here.
Okay. Which which are you in the U. S. I'm assuming you're in the
eastern
time zone in new york? Okay like state or city
like.
how do you like it there? Are you like born and raised new yorker? Okay
so yeah it's like anybody. So I'm talking like yeah it's fine.
What?
Yeah that sounds exactly like our so I'm not born but
pretty much like raised Kentucky and live my whole life um and still live here because our family is, my husband's from Kentucky, I'm from Kentucky, word from different parts of Kentucky but came like met in the middle, our families are really close. Um Yeah my jobs here he works remotely so we could go wherever, it doesn't matter for him, but I've got a pretty nice job, but I'd like to not give up and uh that's how we stay in Kentucky, you know? Uh but then there's that sentimental attachment to your hometown to write like it's pretty here. I like it. The people are ever meeting sometimes. Oh
Mhm.
Yeah, like
what's going on? Right,
okay.
Laura, I if if it's rude, covid related then yes.
no. You know, I have like obviously like super far removed exposure to ultra Orthodox communities, like I've read about them. I if
you are you familiar, there's this radio
program called the moth Radio Hour.
Um It's just people storytelling about their experiences and it's really good. But there is this woman who she spoke about,
her experience growing up in an old ultra Orthodox family and trying to break out of that and kind of like the cult mentality that it breathes right
on some level. It doesn't matter if it's a ages old religion, you can still be a cult right within
that. And that's what, you know, we have that in Kentucky to not not ultra
orthodox Judaism, but we have the Pentecostal, an ultra evangelical conflict christian sect. Like, I don't know if this exists
outside of Kentucky and
Appalachia, but you know, snake handlers and they, you know, they handle snakes and they speak tongues and that kind of environment. And it's that same like religious fervor kind of grabs and manipulates
and
right, so it doesn't matter what religion it belongs to at some point when it's used to manipulate a group of people at some, it's not good. It's not harming the community around it.
Yeah. That's awesome.
What?
Okay.
Uh I'm sorry to hear that that uh makes you want to go like hiding Vermont or something. I feel like they don't have it as bad right now. I don't know, I don't actually know anything about Vermont, but it seems like an idyllic place. It's like it's got like a lot of woods and hippies. Um But yeah, no, I mean like so Kentucky, we started out we did like a really good job. Um We started out just kind of like, well and I just mean covid, I don't mean anything else Kentucky current like always ranks the bottom on education in obesity and health care. Like we're good. We're down at the bottom mitch, McConnell has been in power for a long time to make sure that we're like
ranking at the bottom very listen. Um but you know, Covid, like we got this governor in and he's great
and he's, you know, like we called him uh you know, he's like, mr, Rogers, kind of, governors can love, you guys will take care of each other and not spread this and you know, just in general, like um and in other areas too, like, let's just take care of people love each other and it was working and then I don't know what happened. Everybody snapped one day, everybody, but like, the kind of like, mostly religious extremist groups like just snapped and people are like, I'm not burn the mask, That's how the 5G gets here, guys. Just put your mask on. It's really very
just
it's cotton put it on. But
okay, now it's I've tried to I've tried to embrace stoicism in this time to varying degrees of success. You know, we're like actual legit, like it's not good or is it bad? It just is I guess like, but it's uh like I said, very divisive
success. So what what is your coping mechanism other than talking to strangers at 9:00 PM at night?
huh.
That's
good.
I
All right.
What?
Okay. You get to explain
what do you do for a living?
Okay. Are you a occupational therapist or a social worker or?
Yeah. I bet that's like, I just don't know what you're gonna encounter from day to day. That's yeah, that does have to be really fulfilling. Especially because you're kind of just advocating advocating
for a group of people that Uh huh. I don't know if that's really cool because you're, you know, it's, I don't know, you're just like normalizing a group of people who don't maybe get a chance to be normalized very often. It was great. That makes sense.
I'm an accountant. Uh nothing super excited. I work in higher education for
the University of Kentucky, uh the College of Design. So I am alone accountant
in the field of architects, uh architects,
the interior
designers and academics. Um and I try to get them all to behave and follow bureaucratic rules so that we don't get in trouble for brilliant name things and so that we don't spend more money than we have because creative types are really good at spending too much money, um, over everything. It could be anything. Like I need this pack of pins, You know, they're $15 a pen, but
I hope you don't buy them for me. Oh, I got by the pens just, you know, like, so no, it's fun. I am. I work with epidemics. I run, um, like the operational side of academia. I'm an accountant. Like, you know, only accountants find it exciting, but I think it's thrilling. Um, so it's good, lots of numbers and people and prior to, prior to that, I worked in the non profits after I was a housing counselor with habitat for humanity and the accountant as well because you know, when you work for a nonprofit, you get to be whatever they need you to be. Yeah. And, and, and if you just end up having a title, that's like I am the money person, so it doesn't matter what type of money we're talking about, you know? So uh so I was mhm I did housing counseling without attack and got to work with a bunch of awesome people um ultimately
decided to move on because it's
hard when you, I'm sure you, you know, this is hard when lives like that level of emotional involvement in your job, you get so attached to people and especially when you're working with like I sometimes marginalized groups of people
who um yeah, I don't know, reduce the like stereotypes or monolith and you get super
passionate I guess about the people you're working with, I need everybody to recognize the nuance of this and uh I loved it, but left.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. I can imagine that my yeah
my my indeed of my
college, she lost her partner. Um She had she had dementia and right before all this happened she and she she
placed her in a memory care facility. Uh huh
to kind
of help her get some sort of like therapy that she needed. And she was in the memory care facility in koeberg hit and unfortunately uh attracted
it. That's the way recently. So
that's yeah, it's really hard. But you know the I that was like the early mortality rate to like working in uh not to get super depressing with our conversation but like the mortality
rate
how how lack of affordable housing impacts the mortality rate. You know, I worked with so many people who by the time they got to me by the time we got to that
level of housing counseling, like they were in a bad way because so habitat for humanity doesn't,
you know, they don't donate houses, they finance them, They mortgage them. So if you
bought a house from habitat, you've got a mortgage with habitat. Um, and so people weren't paying, we would have to have to figure out
what to do. But if somebody has reached the point of not being able to afford a zero
interest mortgage, their worst things going out of their life, right? Usually like
companion medical issues or gambling problems or domestic violence. And so there was just a lot of that too. And I lost quite a few homo understood just like bad health or home life situations that, yeah,
What is its compassion fatigue is just really feel so like when he's like more people to join the social
work profession so people can cycle out of it more quickly. Thank you. Did you?
Just for five years and then you're done.
But
That's
good that you get that flexibility. Mhm.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah. Can it parents?
So we have, so we also have two kids and we're like trying to formulate a plan to like maybe push one to go live and name and the other one to live. Like,
I don't know, a warmer climate. It could be California. I don't know. We'll see like how they're doing a forest fires by the time my kids graduate college. But like if one can go to maine and other California, we can sell our house, get an RV and then like in the summer go hang out with the one who's chosen main, you know in the winter go to the one who has chosen the warmer climate. Just like mom and dad are going
to hang out with you for six months out of the year and then we'll go to the other kids. How do you know? Parker? Everybody in your will be those parents?
Oh that's my retirement. So we got to see which one I'm thinking it's my daughter who is going to be the main kid because she uh she's tough, She's only she's like 15 months old and she scares, I
saw a little bit um she runs the house, she's that's not what does she tell me I wanted to quit doing something and she looked at me and you know like, you know, don't tell me no, like okay I'll stop but don't tell me, no, she's she's and then my son is like um like just super um artsy and feels like he will tell you that he likes
to serve, but he's never surfed before, he's four, he doesn't know how survey works like um So I think he'll be the more the warmer climate kid, so I think, I think we might have some luck.
There you go.
That's
Freddie
career aspiration. Yes. Yeah.
yeah, it's it's very
entertaining. Yeah, it's very entertaining to watch, especially
I don't like, it's like the second time around, like you're a little bit less nervous and you kind of know what to expect a little bit to get to enjoy it more. I don't know if that was your experience, but with our second with her daughter, she's just um yeah we can just step back and we're like no, in what cases, it's like, yeah you're fine. I can let you explore that without, you know, first time mom like hello? Um It's cool to see him go.
We were building garden beds this afternoon to get those down
before it gets too cold so they'll be ready in the spring
and she was like right up on it. She wanted to see my son was off doing something. I don't know. He was running through leaves
to see
how many he could crunch in one go. Like that was his task that he was, he was he was occupying
himself. But like she wanted to figure out how the drill worked, how she gave the screw and like she was ready to build the garden frames herself.
It's so funny. Um You know, it's just the little things that they are interested in. Uh It's also as they're testing
boundaries
and growing I found the hardest part about parenting is like not laughing when they do something, you know like they're not supposed to do. But it's really funny and the jews to not do it. Yeah.
So he's Uh huh. And they pick out if you have done this either. But it's more of my son and my daughter because I'm sure this will come out as she gets older. But you know, they find the most testing parts of your respective personalities and that seems to be what hits genetically like. So um my husband is excels at malicious compliance. Um And I have who are poor impulse control. Kind of an an innocuous
way like just you know sometimes I want to have trouble focusing. My brain will be like you know make that noise or poke your husband to see like you know he hates being tickled but let's tickle them and find out, you know right? I just don't stop myself. And so my son has both malicious compliance and poor impulse control and it it's fun. Okay. It's especially incredible with other people we're familiar with treat. No.
yeah.
What are you doing remind yourself that you know like I love them. It's fine. Oh
no we've hit, it was good talking to you. I didn't I don't think I asked. What is your name,
charlie? I'm Lauren. Let's just talk to you.
well Billy Well well you feel like it's important. I'm later. I can I don't know, I just feel like it
helps contextualize the conversation. Like this dude named charlie in new york.
You want to?
Thank you.
No, my my husband found that this is to be glad she doesn't want to do. Like my husband found out about prolific and he's like, well I'm going to do it and now there are so many studies that you can only do one per household. Like your kid coming out of studies. Dude cut it out, go find your own thing. This is but he didn't get to this. But if you if you haven't already looked at like go look up better up labs, it's a very interesting whether I think trying to
tests through this experiment like their
their
little start up.
Baby.
You too, Charlie have a good one.