SPEAKER_L: well. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: How you doing? Well that's good. They put my blocking up. Right how's everything bro
SPEAKER_L: Oh, everything's going
SPEAKER_R: that staying indoors? Huh?
SPEAKER_L: no, I just came from outside. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Oh you did
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was, I had to go do
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: some grocery shopping for my brother and I still have to do, I still have to buy something else for another. So how about you? How was your day?
SPEAKER_R: man. I'm doing I'm hanging in there man. It's hard out here where you from here? I'm from L. A.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Colton. Uh basically like to an hour from, from you basically. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm in L. A. And um yeah we're staying indoors. We
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: basically stand indoors because this situation is pretty uh it's new man. I mean who would ever expected it? Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean you before, I mean before I, I kind of like uh I minimized where I went outside and to me it's almost like okay, the only thing that the only other place I was going was school and school friends and going to stores to buy stuff. And now I'm, I don't think that I'm actually, the only reason that I'm going outside is really just to go buy stuff and that's,
SPEAKER_R: essentials. Right. Yeah. Yeah yeah
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: and I mean everything has changed. You know I mean it's kind of like you you know you're you're you're you're you're missing out on a lot right? Like with family and I mean I always used to go into the gym that was basically my therapy there and I stopped going you know um It's like I mean you don't you know you just don't know how how how everything is you know, coming about you know all these news
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you know that you hear on the you know, tv you know, social media and stuff like that. I mean you just don't know, you know, you just don't know what's what's what Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been trying, I've been trying to do activities inside and I've tried to do two exercises, start to exercise. You know, I'm turning into a routine and I do it for like maybe a week and then somehow just drops off and it's
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: not you're not I mean, I guess I guess you're it happens to a lot of people. I mean, you know what I mean? I had to buy you know about your spot dumbbells. Um I put a little bit of music on, you know, I keep it interesting. I mean, because if you just keep it to just to the basic working, it's not gonna last you're gonna you're gonna give up pretty pretty quick.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: But you know, you have to you know, you have to stay active especially now because I mean, go out for walks. I mean, I don't think there's nothing wrong with going on, you know, just just moving basically.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, walking, I've I try the corner, go outside, try to stay out as extra extra minutes as possible. Like I know like I just need to go out there, get what I need and then just come back as soon as possible. Was like, okay, maybe if I try to take the long way to where I'm trying to get to try to stick around. Because I basically used to do walking around where like where I was physically working and like I've had suggestions like during my break, try to walk around the place and that did that basically took a lot of steps. Like now I'm trying to do, like walking and pacing inside, inside my, inside the apartment that I live in. It's like it's not it's not that big, it's that much I could I could do or reasons like these steps, I it's hard
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: to actually,
SPEAKER_R: down.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard to actually find distance in space, and I could try to do the going out to try to do going outside, and I've never realized like how many steps, but I thought they were walking around the block will just be a lot, but it ends up just not being being that much so
SPEAKER_R: It's not enough. Right. I mean it seems like not enough. What I do is that I time myself. You know I put maybe 30 minutes on my you know on my on my phone And that's basically you know when I walked I walked I walked 30 minutes and you know when the timer when it starts beeping this that means that you know it's it's okay to come back home. But I think that that would be a great idea for you to do. You know just time yourself. I think that basically 30 minutes of walking is basically enough. That's all basically all you need. The only thing you need is just you know, you know get a little sweat in you and that's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: that's enough. What?
SPEAKER_L: you'll so 30 minutes just all at once.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. All that one. I mean I do 30 minutes all at once. Yeah I just walk maybe what is it? Um Maybe maybe less than a mile. I think it's what you're what you're walking. I think maybe I think you it's an hour for for for a mile every mile. That's basically what's the average of a person walking for miles an hour. So I'm guessing you're walking less happy than than a mile. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, they actually think about, because I was when I went outside, I try to count my my my steps by the amount of minutes. So like I thought 10 minutes, it's like every 10 minutes is like 3000 steps. Uh huh. When I when I try to do it, I ended up walking for like 20 minutes like that. Okay, fine. I get like I I I'm gonna get a lot more a lot more steps that I that I was counting for and I barely actually got over my limit. It's like, wow, okay. It's like it's 86 sometime, which I wasn't doubting, but you know what I really do need to expand. Like how far I go. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah exactly and it's it's really good for you, you know, you know for your you know for you know to to not get you know like high blood pressure and stuff like that. I mean it's really important especially now you know that everybody is staying indoors I think a lot of times is in the long run it's kind of unhealthy you know. You know because I like to I like too much on you know like junk food and stuff. I'm just one of the persons that I can't leave junk food. So you
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: always got to keep in mind, right? I mean you're putting stuff that it's not really good for you. What are you gonna do to work for that? Right? For for that not to affect you. I mean it's usually just the sodium intake that you put in there because that's what it has, all that junk food that you put in your body. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Right. I think for me, I've I've had to cut it down so I had to replace I had to replace the junk food with the same the same kind but with like little to no sodium is like I started eating. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: options, basically. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: As I am, I'm best. I've been eating nuts. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's great
SPEAKER_L: and I've then I upgraded to cashews but.
SPEAKER_R: cash. So that's that's that's my goal to right there as jews,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So at this point now it's like I'm eating the ones that are just no salt doesn't take grades, but it's got to be healthy, it's gotta be the healthier option.
SPEAKER_R: it's got to do something, man. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's just
SPEAKER_R: that's good man. I mean you just gotta you just got to find stuff that are good for you right? I mean obviously sometimes you're gonna put bad stuff in your body but you know you got to put some some good stuff in there too like your vitamins I mean I don't know if you take vitamins, do you like multivitamins?
SPEAKER_L: Now I've had a doctor who was telling me like I need to, my diet is fine. I guess what I was telling him, like I I seem to be okay with food except for like I was missing calcium and vitamin D. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: he told me it's like, okay, so here's a it's like here you can find a list of food that contains like a high amount of of those those two vitamins, and then
SPEAKER_R: Vitamin
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: vitamin C and vitamin here
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but like when I ask him, like why not just take the capsules, It's like, it's like, you know, it's like it's not a it's not enough for my situation, I'm probably just gonna end up, the body, isn't isn't gonna absorb it, like the
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: majority.
SPEAKER_R: same way? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it's never the same I guess. You know sometimes it's it's it's better if you get it off like vegetables and stuff like that but I'm not a vegetable person. So I think like for me multivitamins is like the best option, right? I mean I like you know basic letters but when it comes to kale and in spanish and stuff like that and I just I mean it's got to be a smoothie or something because other than that it's not going there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's uh I've been I haven't gotten around to get it to getting kale. It's like I like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: wish luck man.
SPEAKER_L: I like I like the vegetables and cans. Like I like peas and corn, but like they're not the right ones that I need sadly. Thank you. Mhm. Like the lettuce, this, it's not in a sandwich. I wish I wish it wasn't a sandwich like, but I'm just I just don't have enough to watch to actually eat it. I want I'd like to eat, I like to eat burgers and sandwiches, you know? Turkeys, beef like stink. So trying to actually make a sandwich with as much light as possible. Makes the whole thing on mix halting uneven and I'm like, okay, I got it. I got
SPEAKER_R: Also you're not you're not a lettuce person. You don't you don't
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm fine. I'm thinking like eating like a bull salad. But I I think since I'm putting a lot of like the dress is a bit of the dressing, I'm not that I'm like not that fan, it's like I'm trying to hide the taste of that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. That's what the dressing is for. Is that the dressing is for is basically you're kind of like um um eating basically lettuce. But your your mind your brain is telling you well you know what maybe it's not lettuce, maybe it's just a little bit more of us. You know the caesar salad or the ranch sally you put in there. I mean you're creating a new taste, right? And when it comes to putting all that dressing and I think that a lot of times that's why people at a little bit more then the then the necessary dressing in salads, right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh That's still a apparently kale does not actually work with it, just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you need
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: help.
SPEAKER_R: think so. If you're not really into letters, not man, that carol is going to be a killer man and
SPEAKER_L: Like a
SPEAKER_R: the spanish. Well, I've seen people eat spinach, I mean, I don't know if you've ever had spanish before, I've had it and it really it's not really uh great taste in spinach, it's not something that I say, you know, I want to eat spinach, I think I'll stick to just the roman lettuce and the regular letters.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like who? I'm not sure. I think the spinach I've had basically
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in soup or some part was cooked with some something else, just not straight spinach. I think I've I used to nuts like eating broccoli but now I'm kind of getting used to it that still need to eat it with or something else. And I think I used to go has to go to like a chinese chinese fast food restaurant. Where did to sell beef and broccoli? I'm finally feeling it that way, like it's
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: called? Oh
SPEAKER_R: like broccoli too, man, I mean, I can eat it with something, Right? But I'm pretty sure if they gave you playing broccoli, it's gonna be hard for you to to eat. Right?
SPEAKER_L: I need I need that dressing right? Yeah, like maybe maybe I'll maybe I'll eat a few a bit of a bit of like Barkley on its own but it's like it's going to be in a small portion like one thing that limit. I need that mm I've been trying to keep myself busy with like like some sort of like learning, learning something new. Like I'm
SPEAKER_R: Well now that you're more indoors, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh Mhm. Like I have a backlog of online courses I'm supposed to be doing. I Yeah like it's mostly programming, computer programming. I've
SPEAKER_R: I went
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: to uh I mean I didn't go to school exactly for that, I went to school for computer applications, you know, like Photoshop and you have are you familiar with that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've taken about the more the most of the more common ones are Photoshop illustrator and design. There's like I think there's like the top of the sixth most ones that there's at least four of them that I've taken like a personal class for it. I probably don't know like I should know like the back of my hand, all those Softwares,
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: but since I just my career doesn't isn't really behind having to edit images, videos. I can I know the general, no, the gist of how to use them. I wish I had like something like a hobby at least so I could keep up like the skills. Mhm. I ended up learning at least how to make a flyer on end design. And you took a lot of efforts but you you did you took courses just for the for clause like Photoshop.
SPEAKER_R: No it's it was just I was I was I went to school in the southwest. I don't know if you're familiar with the college southwest colleges south of Imperial and Western. I
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: went to I think for three years but I wasn't I wasn't going for any major. I was just going to get certified as a web designer. Um Which I I've been finished by the way and I was doing really good. I mean I did pretty good in all my all the classes like I mean on the on the Photoshop I think I got to I think I got to be in Photoshop. And and other than the B. I was getting basically um I was basically getting all A's. But but my mistake was um for the web designer the following um you know the following schooling you know the following months there weren't no no classes available for me so so you know they gave me the option of getting classes that weren't really an interest for me. You know like I think I got algebra and I stopped going to some classes which I didn't know at the time. But financial aid cancels you when you don't show up after a certain amount of of of of mrs. So that's what happened to me. You know they cut off my financial aid and that was basically the worst um mistake that I could have done when it came to schooling. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I went
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to, so I went I went back, I went back to school and they basically said like when I apply for financial aid, they weren't they weren't gonna directly give me money, but they said like well just wave like all the like all the tuition's they start to pay like a small fee, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All I have to do is like show like due to classes two classes room and if I wanted to actually do to actually get any extra amounts just do do work like find a job on campus or do do financial aid, do a scholarship application, but you would have to follow whatever their ruling is. So I thought that I would have been, I would have been going there pretty easy. I like for short amount of time we're taking his little classes as possible. The work was fine like two classes. But then when I when I somehow got scholarships it's like the most requirements like okay you have to do four, they have to do four classes. Great. I thought I was going to be doing some, taking, taking it easy and just like kind of blow like wait. To me, it was like sort of like wasting time but learning something new. So it was still, it was still productive, productive in a way. But now it's like I took like most of the classes that almost all the classes that I could actually take, I'm now, I'm starting to like should learn a bunch of stuff that I might never view, might never be able to to to use that. That's how I ended up taking like a bunch of adobe classes. There's a they're all fun. They're all useful. Whoever has their career
SPEAKER_R: The police.
SPEAKER_L: into the using that software. Like those those guys, those people are great. I've seen a group of, a group of people like, well in the club that it's an art club, their entire thing is just drawing and they've used whatever, whatever they get in their hand. Even the in the in the company like the Apple computers actually have all those Softwares and then it makes them a great, great stuff. They make animation is like I learned what some of this, one of these, some of some of the stuff that they are actually doing like it looks great, but it's just wasn't me. No worries. Like sometimes I was like, I only turned to those classes because I had to, I had to not because I wanted to.
SPEAKER_R: It was it was basically in your major, right. I mean, this class is that your major ass ask for him? Right.
SPEAKER_L: well not not those other scholars just the scholarship, the classes for the, for my major. I had I had taken most of them except that there were times where I couldn't like they kept getting full. They didn't actually have that many. So when I got, when the, when they became available, I'm not I'm not wasn't I'm not an early registration so everybody a lot of people just like keep registered before me and it gets getting filled so I have to like wait. I just kept kept waiting. And I've picked up a lot of I guess you picked up a lot of useful skills that I could probably like if somebody needed help I'll answer them. But it's not because I'm a pro just because I know I'm
SPEAKER_R: But you know what, it's it's always a good
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: thing to to learn new things. Even even even if you might not think that it's, you know, that's something that you're going to use in the future. I mean, knowledge is always,
SPEAKER_L: look.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, no, no more is better. Right. I mean because you don't know, right. I mean later on in the future um I don't know what you're majoring in, but sometimes, you know, you're the things that you plan for you, you know, until, you know, when it comes to getting a job doesn't, you know, doesn't come as it's planned. So, so you've got those other options, Right. I mean, you have other things that, you know, because I know a lot of people that have, you know, finish school and they always have that in mind. Right? The first thing, well, you know, I graduated from this thing that I just finished for, so I'm going towards that hey. But you know what I mean, especially here in this, in the big city, you know, and here in La, I mean there's so many people coming out of school and trying to apply for the same jobs And it's not as easy as it was, maybe what, 15, 20 years ago now you've got to be on top. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah you gotta like I had a friend who was describing the so what a conversation about about foreign workers and how they learned. They've learned a lot of like random stuff like they had like they have a primary job that they were going for. But then then they added a lot of other secondary stuff like stuff that doesn't even look like they actually fit like um visiting a lot of soft um software software engineer engineers. And then they learn then they also had extra in um like sound uh being able to actually build stuff editing.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: So. And it's like all of that stuff like all that stuff makes them like very diverse. Well it's like you don't all but it never none of none of that stuff fit and over here is kind of like you learning to to maybe three things. But they're all like similar to each other
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: catholic.
SPEAKER_R: get you finally.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like we're so the foreign workers like they're they're like they're more attractive because they think they look they look like they're they know a lot. The question was like well we're isn't it the same why isn't that the same thing with the people who actually know one or two things here and why aren't they being why aren't they being hired more than the foreign workers? And yeah, it really the ending was just because they're more diverse. They know a lot of random stuff and simply just like a lot of like a lot of stuff that are like narrow, it's like, even though you're majoring in in two things, if they're close, they're closely related to each other, then it paints you in um like a a cirque in a certain circle. Your circle is somewhat
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: big, but the ones we know a lot of random stuff and then no, them while they're circle is drawn bigger. So like, you know what, why, why am I, why am I wasting my, why am I wasting time with somebody who looks like could probably do the job but doesn't know much versus somebody who, well, I'm gonna maybe if that the person who, who knows a lot doesn't actually know this, I can still put them somewhere else. So now we need to actually look I only I only have to look for one person versus versus the other one. Do I have to actually get rid of to get another person? I guess it's so weird dynamic that you, no matter how much how much of one subject do you actually know if you can adapt to another job or another position, it just doesn't work out. Yeah. As you, as you've noticed you you've seen you've seen people who are who are graduating from schools with degrees or certificates and somehow they can't actually get can't get a job.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And it happens to a lot I guess, you know, it's just, it's just hard. I mean sometimes the big question is right I mean knowing what you're doing before you go into schooling, right. Because I mean I'm pretty sure a lot of people that I go to school and don't qualify for financial aid. I mean it's a dead that goes with you when you leave school. So you got to think about that too. Right. You're gonna leave school, you can't find a job and you're gonna be working. You know? I don't know Mcdonald's and still paying a debt. I mean it's it's risky. It's a risky um situation. Right? I mean when it comes to schooling.
SPEAKER_L: there's like there's definitely some jobs that you're not supposed to keep forever, like fast food is a
SPEAKER_R: Emergency
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: jobs maybe just like emergency jobs may be right. I mean it's just temporary and you should always keep that in mind. Right. But I don't know. I mean a lot of people that that will stay there for a couple of years. I mean because I mean there's nothing else out there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah if you if you're able to rise up and rise up in the ranking then it's all it's all fine but you can't always stay stay at the bottom like there's gotta be something either you you go you go up in the in the in the job in the ranking of the job or you stay you stay at the bottom long enough to what you find like you find something better.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. That's true.
SPEAKER_L: No. Uh huh. I think
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: much
SPEAKER_R: we're done. Huh? You think? Yeah well past three minutes already I guess we gotta start um With the survey right? I think you have to do like a 20 minute survey or something like that if they were done with this. Alright man it was nice it was nice chatting with you man.
SPEAKER_L: Likewise I mean
SPEAKER_R: man you take you take care of you have a good weekend.
SPEAKER_L: thank you you too happy for for july.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I just stay indoors right? I mean I can't do much but I guess see the fireworks from the balcony now I think we can just go out and enjoy the view for a while. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but my neighborhood had already has people shooting up fireworks but
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah that's been happening for the last week. I mean this is I'm guessing we're just gonna hear it a little bit more tomorrow right? And tonight and tonight as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have a good weekend.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you too man take care