well. Oh,
Oh, everything's going
no, I just came from outside. Um,
yeah, I was, I had to go do
some grocery shopping for my brother and I still have to do, I still have to buy something else for another. So how about you? How was your day?
I'm Colton. Uh basically like to an hour from, from you basically. Yeah.
It's
like,
yeah, I mean you before, I mean before I, I kind of like uh I minimized where I went outside and to me it's almost like okay, the only thing that the only other place I was going was school and school friends and going to stores to buy stuff. And now I'm, I don't think that I'm actually, the only reason that I'm going outside is really just to go buy stuff and that's,
Uh huh.
Well,
Yeah, I've been trying, I've been trying to do activities inside and I've tried to do two exercises, start to exercise. You know, I'm turning into a routine and I do it for like maybe a week and then somehow just drops off and it's
it's
And
yeah, walking, I've I try the corner, go outside, try to stay out as extra extra minutes as possible. Like I know like I just need to go out there, get what I need and then just come back as soon as possible. Was like, okay, maybe if I try to take the long way to where I'm trying to get to try to stick around. Because I basically used to do walking around where like where I was physically working and like I've had suggestions like during my break, try to walk around the place and that did that basically took a lot of steps. Like now I'm trying to do, like walking and pacing inside, inside my, inside the apartment that I live in. It's like it's not it's not that big, it's that much I could I could do or reasons like these steps, I it's hard
to actually,
it's hard to actually find distance in space, and I could try to do the going out to try to do going outside, and I've never realized like how many steps, but I thought they were walking around the block will just be a lot, but it ends up just not being being that much so
It's
you'll so 30 minutes just all at once.
Oh, they actually think about, because I was when I went outside, I try to count my my my steps by the amount of minutes. So like I thought 10 minutes, it's like every 10 minutes is like 3000 steps. Uh huh. When I when I try to do it, I ended up walking for like 20 minutes like that. Okay, fine. I get like I I I'm gonna get a lot more a lot more steps that I that I was counting for and I barely actually got over my limit. It's like, wow, okay. It's like it's 86 sometime, which I wasn't doubting, but you know what I really do need to expand. Like how far I go. Uh huh.
Well,
Right. I think for me, I've I've had to cut it down so I had to replace I had to replace the junk food with the same the same kind but with like little to no sodium is like I started eating. Yeah.
As I am, I'm best. I've been eating nuts. Uh
and I've then I upgraded to cashews but.
Yeah. So at this point now it's like I'm eating the ones that are just no salt doesn't take grades, but it's got to be healthy, it's gotta be the healthier option.
it's just
Now I've had a doctor who was telling me like I need to, my diet is fine. I guess what I was telling him, like I I seem to be okay with food except for like I was missing calcium and vitamin D. Yeah,
he told me it's like, okay, so here's a it's like here you can find a list of food that contains like a high amount of of those those two vitamins, and then
just
Yeah, but like when I ask him, like why not just take the capsules, It's like, it's like, you know, it's like it's not a it's not enough for my situation, I'm probably just gonna end up, the body, isn't isn't gonna absorb it, like the
majority.
Um
Yeah, that's uh I've been I haven't gotten around to get it to getting kale. It's like I like
my
I like I like the vegetables and cans. Like I like peas and corn, but like they're not the right ones that I need sadly. Thank you. Mhm. Like the lettuce, this, it's not in a sandwich. I wish I wish it wasn't a sandwich like, but I'm just I just don't have enough to watch to actually eat it. I want I'd like to eat, I like to eat burgers and sandwiches, you know? Turkeys, beef like stink. So trying to actually make a sandwich with as much light as possible. Makes the whole thing on mix halting uneven and I'm like, okay, I got it. I got
Oh, I'm fine. I'm thinking like eating like a bull salad. But I I think since I'm putting a lot of like the dress is a bit of the dressing, I'm not that I'm like not that fan, it's like I'm trying to hide the taste of that
Uh huh That's still a apparently kale does not actually work with it, just
you need
help.
Like a
Yeah like who? I'm not sure. I think the spinach I've had basically
in soup or some part was cooked with some something else, just not straight spinach. I think I've I used to nuts like eating broccoli but now I'm kind of getting used to it that still need to eat it with or something else. And I think I used to go has to go to like a chinese chinese fast food restaurant. Where did to sell beef and broccoli? I'm finally feeling it that way, like it's
called? Oh
I need I need that dressing right? Yeah, like maybe maybe I'll maybe I'll eat a few a bit of a bit of like Barkley on its own but it's like it's going to be in a small portion like one thing that limit. I need that mm I've been trying to keep myself busy with like like some sort of like learning, learning something new. Like I'm
Oh Mhm. Like I have a backlog of online courses I'm supposed to be doing. I Yeah like it's mostly programming, computer programming. I've
no
Yeah, I've taken about the more the most of the more common ones are Photoshop illustrator and design. There's like I think there's like the top of the sixth most ones that there's at least four of them that I've taken like a personal class for it. I probably don't know like I should know like the back of my hand, all those Softwares,
but since I just my career doesn't isn't really behind having to edit images, videos. I can I know the general, no, the gist of how to use them. I wish I had like something like a hobby at least so I could keep up like the skills. Mhm. I ended up learning at least how to make a flyer on end design. And you took a lot of efforts but you you did you took courses just for the for clause like Photoshop.
time.
I went
to, so I went I went back, I went back to school and they basically said like when I apply for financial aid, they weren't they weren't gonna directly give me money, but they said like well just wave like all the like all the tuition's they start to pay like a small fee, right?
All I have to do is like show like due to classes two classes room and if I wanted to actually do to actually get any extra amounts just do do work like find a job on campus or do do financial aid, do a scholarship application, but you would have to follow whatever their ruling is. So I thought that I would have been, I would have been going there pretty easy. I like for short amount of time we're taking his little classes as possible. The work was fine like two classes. But then when I when I somehow got scholarships it's like the most requirements like okay you have to do four, they have to do four classes. Great. I thought I was going to be doing some, taking, taking it easy and just like kind of blow like wait. To me, it was like sort of like wasting time but learning something new. So it was still, it was still productive, productive in a way. But now it's like I took like most of the classes that almost all the classes that I could actually take, I'm now, I'm starting to like should learn a bunch of stuff that I might never view, might never be able to to to use that. That's how I ended up taking like a bunch of adobe classes. There's a they're all fun. They're all useful. Whoever has their career
into the using that software. Like those those guys, those people are great. I've seen a group of, a group of people like, well in the club that it's an art club, their entire thing is just drawing and they've used whatever, whatever they get in their hand. Even the in the in the company like the Apple computers actually have all those Softwares and then it makes them a great, great stuff. They make animation is like I learned what some of this, one of these, some of some of the stuff that they are actually doing like it looks great, but it's just wasn't me. No worries. Like sometimes I was like, I only turned to those classes because I had to, I had to not because I wanted to.
well not not those other scholars just the scholarship, the classes for the, for my major. I had I had taken most of them except that there were times where I couldn't like they kept getting full. They didn't actually have that many. So when I got, when the, when they became available, I'm not I'm not wasn't I'm not an early registration so everybody a lot of people just like keep registered before me and it gets getting filled so I have to like wait. I just kept kept waiting. And I've picked up a lot of I guess you picked up a lot of useful skills that I could probably like if somebody needed help I'll answer them. But it's not because I'm a pro just because I know I'm
what
look.
yeah you gotta like I had a friend who was describing the so what a conversation about about foreign workers and how they learned. They've learned a lot of like random stuff like they had like they have a primary job that they were going for. But then then they added a lot of other secondary stuff like stuff that doesn't even look like they actually fit like um visiting a lot of soft um software software engineer engineers. And then they learn then they also had extra in um like sound uh being able to actually build stuff editing.
So. And it's like all of that stuff like all that stuff makes them like very diverse. Well it's like you don't all but it never none of none of that stuff fit and over here is kind of like you learning to to maybe three things. But they're all like similar to each other
catholic.
Yeah. So like we're so the foreign workers like they're they're like they're more attractive because they think they look they look like they're they know a lot. The question was like well we're isn't it the same why isn't that the same thing with the people who actually know one or two things here and why aren't they being why aren't they being hired more than the foreign workers? And yeah, it really the ending was just because they're more diverse. They know a lot of random stuff and simply just like a lot of like a lot of stuff that are like narrow, it's like, even though you're majoring in in two things, if they're close, they're closely related to each other, then it paints you in um like a a cirque in a certain circle. Your circle is somewhat
big, but the ones we know a lot of random stuff and then no, them while they're circle is drawn bigger. So like, you know what, why, why am I, why am I wasting my, why am I wasting time with somebody who looks like could probably do the job but doesn't know much versus somebody who, well, I'm gonna maybe if that the person who, who knows a lot doesn't actually know this, I can still put them somewhere else. So now we need to actually look I only I only have to look for one person versus versus the other one. Do I have to actually get rid of to get another person? I guess it's so weird dynamic that you, no matter how much how much of one subject do you actually know if you can adapt to another job or another position, it just doesn't work out. Yeah. As you, as you've noticed you you've seen you've seen people who are who are graduating from schools with degrees or certificates and somehow they can't actually get can't get a job.
there's like there's definitely some jobs that you're not supposed to keep forever, like fast food is a
and
Yeah if you if you're able to rise up and rise up in the ranking then it's all it's all fine but you can't always stay stay at the bottom like there's gotta be something either you you go you go up in the in the in the job in the ranking of the job or you stay you stay at the bottom long enough to what you find like you find something better.
No. Uh huh. I think
I'm
much
Likewise I mean
thank you you too happy for for july.
Yeah but my neighborhood had already has people shooting up fireworks but
have a good weekend.