How you doing? Well that's good. They put my blocking up. Right how's everything bro
that staying indoors? Huh?
Oh you did
what?
man. I'm doing I'm hanging in there man. It's hard out here where you from here? I'm from L. A.
Yeah I'm in L. A. And um yeah we're staying indoors. We
just
basically stand indoors because this situation is pretty uh it's new man. I mean who would ever expected it? Right.
essentials. Right. Yeah. Yeah yeah
and I mean everything has changed. You know I mean it's kind of like you you know you're you're you're you're you're missing out on a lot right? Like with family and I mean I always used to go into the gym that was basically my therapy there and I stopped going you know um It's like I mean you don't you know you just don't know how how how everything is you know, coming about you know all these news
you know that you hear on the you know, tv you know, social media and stuff like that. I mean you just don't know, you know, you just don't know what's what's what Right.
You're
not you're not I mean, I guess I guess you're it happens to a lot of people. I mean, you know what I mean? I had to buy you know about your spot dumbbells. Um I put a little bit of music on, you know, I keep it interesting. I mean, because if you just keep it to just to the basic working, it's not gonna last you're gonna you're gonna give up pretty pretty quick.
But you know, you have to you know, you have to stay active especially now because I mean, go out for walks. I mean, I don't think there's nothing wrong with going on, you know, just just moving basically.
Get
down.
It's not enough. Right. I mean it seems like not enough. What I do is that I time myself. You know I put maybe 30 minutes on my you know on my on my phone And that's basically you know when I walked I walked I walked 30 minutes and you know when the timer when it starts beeping this that means that you know it's it's okay to come back home. But I think that that would be a great idea for you to do. You know just time yourself. I think that basically 30 minutes of walking is basically enough. That's all basically all you need. The only thing you need is just you know, you know get a little sweat in you and that's
that's enough. What?
Yeah. All that one. I mean I do 30 minutes all at once. Yeah I just walk maybe what is it? Um Maybe maybe less than a mile. I think it's what you're what you're walking. I think maybe I think you it's an hour for for for a mile every mile. That's basically what's the average of a person walking for miles an hour. So I'm guessing you're walking less happy than than a mile. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah exactly and it's it's really good for you, you know, you know for your you know for you know to to not get you know like high blood pressure and stuff like that. I mean it's really important especially now you know that everybody is staying indoors I think a lot of times is in the long run it's kind of unhealthy you know. You know because I like to I like too much on you know like junk food and stuff. I'm just one of the persons that I can't leave junk food. So you
always got to keep in mind, right? I mean you're putting stuff that it's not really good for you. What are you gonna do to work for that? Right? For for that not to affect you. I mean it's usually just the sodium intake that you put in there because that's what it has, all that junk food that you put in your body. Uh
options, basically. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh yeah, that's great
cash. So that's that's that's my goal to right there as jews,
it's got to do something, man. Yeah,
that's good man. I mean you just gotta you just got to find stuff that are good for you right? I mean obviously sometimes you're gonna put bad stuff in your body but you know you got to put some some good stuff in there too like your vitamins I mean I don't know if you take vitamins, do you like multivitamins?
Yeah.
Vitamin
vitamin C and vitamin here
the
same way? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I mean it's never the same I guess. You know sometimes it's it's it's better if you get it off like vegetables and stuff like that but I'm not a vegetable person. So I think like for me multivitamins is like the best option, right? I mean I like you know basic letters but when it comes to kale and in spanish and stuff like that and I just I mean it's got to be a smoothie or something because other than that it's not going there.
I
wish luck man.
Also you're not you're not a lettuce person. You don't you don't
Yeah, exactly. That's what the dressing is for. Is that the dressing is for is basically you're kind of like um um eating basically lettuce. But your your mind your brain is telling you well you know what maybe it's not lettuce, maybe it's just a little bit more of us. You know the caesar salad or the ranch sally you put in there. I mean you're creating a new taste, right? And when it comes to putting all that dressing and I think that a lot of times that's why people at a little bit more then the then the necessary dressing in salads, right. Yeah.
I
don't
think so. If you're not really into letters, not man, that carol is going to be a killer man and
the spanish. Well, I've seen people eat spinach, I mean, I don't know if you've ever had spanish before, I've had it and it really it's not really uh great taste in spinach, it's not something that I say, you know, I want to eat spinach, I think I'll stick to just the roman lettuce and the regular letters.
Well,
Even
like broccoli too, man, I mean, I can eat it with something, Right? But I'm pretty sure if they gave you playing broccoli, it's gonna be hard for you to to eat. Right?
Well now that you're more indoors, Yeah.
I went
to uh I mean I didn't go to school exactly for that, I went to school for computer applications, you know, like Photoshop and you have are you familiar with that?
correct.
No it's it was just I was I was I went to school in the southwest. I don't know if you're familiar with the college southwest colleges south of Imperial and Western. I
went to I think for three years but I wasn't I wasn't going for any major. I was just going to get certified as a web designer. Um Which I I've been finished by the way and I was doing really good. I mean I did pretty good in all my all the classes like I mean on the on the Photoshop I think I got to I think I got to be in Photoshop. And and other than the B. I was getting basically um I was basically getting all A's. But but my mistake was um for the web designer the following um you know the following schooling you know the following months there weren't no no classes available for me so so you know they gave me the option of getting classes that weren't really an interest for me. You know like I think I got algebra and I stopped going to some classes which I didn't know at the time. But financial aid cancels you when you don't show up after a certain amount of of of of mrs. So that's what happened to me. You know they cut off my financial aid and that was basically the worst um mistake that I could have done when it came to schooling. Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
The police.
It was it was basically in your major, right. I mean, this class is that your major ass ask for him? Right.
But you know what, it's it's always a good
thing to to learn new things. Even even even if you might not think that it's, you know, that's something that you're going to use in the future. I mean, knowledge is always,
I mean, no, no more is better. Right. I mean because you don't know, right. I mean later on in the future um I don't know what you're majoring in, but sometimes, you know, you're the things that you plan for you, you know, until, you know, when it comes to getting a job doesn't, you know, doesn't come as it's planned. So, so you've got those other options, Right. I mean, you have other things that, you know, because I know a lot of people that have, you know, finish school and they always have that in mind. Right? The first thing, well, you know, I graduated from this thing that I just finished for, so I'm going towards that hey. But you know what I mean, especially here in this, in the big city, you know, and here in La, I mean there's so many people coming out of school and trying to apply for the same jobs And it's not as easy as it was, maybe what, 15, 20 years ago now you've got to be on top. Right.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I
get you finally.
Not
Exactly. And it happens to a lot I guess, you know, it's just, it's just hard. I mean sometimes the big question is right I mean knowing what you're doing before you go into schooling, right. Because I mean I'm pretty sure a lot of people that I go to school and don't qualify for financial aid. I mean it's a dead that goes with you when you leave school. So you got to think about that too. Right. You're gonna leave school, you can't find a job and you're gonna be working. You know? I don't know Mcdonald's and still paying a debt. I mean it's it's risky. It's a risky um situation. Right? I mean when it comes to schooling.
Emergency
jobs maybe just like emergency jobs may be right. I mean it's just temporary and you should always keep that in mind. Right. But I don't know. I mean a lot of people that that will stay there for a couple of years. I mean because I mean there's nothing else out there.
Right. Right. That's true.
I
guess
we're done. Huh? You think? Yeah well past three minutes already I guess we gotta start um With the survey right? I think you have to do like a 20 minute survey or something like that if they were done with this. Alright man it was nice it was nice chatting with you man.
man you take you take care of you have a good weekend.
Yeah and I just stay indoors right? I mean I can't do much but I guess see the fireworks from the balcony now I think we can just go out and enjoy the view for a while. Right?
Oh yeah that's been happening for the last week. I mean this is I'm guessing we're just gonna hear it a little bit more tomorrow right? And tonight and tonight as well. Yeah.
Oh you too man take care