SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. What? Mhm. Okay. Yeah, No. Hi, Good morning.
SPEAKER_R: Hi can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: can you hear me? Yeah. Okay, Okay,
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I am well um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yes, I did it once, like I think back in May, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I did once before however didn't get any prompts. Did you get any prompts for this one? Okay. I guess we'll just
SPEAKER_L: Open
SPEAKER_R: come up with stuff to discuss I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why I had to do last time. I think we just talked about where we lived and like the weather and and I'm talking a lot about exercise, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: interesting. Um Well first of all what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Misha.
SPEAKER_R: Misha, Nice to meet you. Misha my name is Arnold,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Nice to meet you Arnold and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: where are you located?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in florida right now. Southwest florida.
SPEAKER_L: very cool. I'm in California.
SPEAKER_R: Oh excellent. I love California. It's like florida but nicer
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: weather wise. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: And then he went over there.
SPEAKER_R: humidity with a chance of Saharan dust right
SPEAKER_L: no, thank
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah fun times. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It's nice in the winter but in the winter is just like California all year round actually. What part of California? It's quite
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: large
SPEAKER_L: in sacramento. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been to northern California mostly. Uh Well I was born and lived on and off in southern California. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Did you go to Disneyland often?
SPEAKER_R: no I I went twice. One is like a little kid then Like four or 5 years ago problem. But yeah I guess that's that's something you just have to do at least once. Right
SPEAKER_L: Of course, yeah, I've ever been to Disney World, so that's one of my goals is to go there, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been to Orlando a few times um never into Disney world though, went to Universal Studios so. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I love theme park, so yeah, that would that would be fun. Yeah. What do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: I am a data analyst for a local transit agency. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: cool. I'm an analyst. Is going to work for the state government. I'm an examination analyst so I give exams for people who want to get jobs with the state pretty much. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes I remember because I thought about applying to um Caltrans and they have the whole thing about exams there, I didn't end up applying but I was aware of that. Well actually I was where was I? I went to USC so um I did a lot with Caltrans in terms of research and things like that. Yeah I think I was it was after where I was almost graduating it was looking for jobs. So yeah
SPEAKER_L: What do you think about this whole pandemic right now? Are you working from home or are
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you still going to work?
SPEAKER_R: I am working from home um it was I guess it's sort of optional. It was like strongly recommended but if somebody really wanted to stay and work in the office that could I took the first chance I could get. Uh But yeah it's we're in one of those states that spiking again. And transit is one of those interesting things are that where it's it's a bad idea to take public transit when you're in a pandemic but it's also essential. So we've had to take you know Extra special measures. So we've basically divided our buses in half or almost in half and two thirds where everyone can
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: only board through the back door. And we only allow 10 people on the bus at a time. Um And the drivers have this barrier so they don't actually interact with public and all public transit is free for the foreseeable future. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's interesting. I was wondering how that that would work because I take the bus to work but since everything started having taken the bus at all so I really don't know how it's changed on on my end. So I was wondering what they were doing and yeah like how would they collect payment if the receptacle and the scanner is up by the driver and you can't go that way so I'm pretty sure here that we still have to pay so Yeah, that's really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah most of our income comes from you know government sources or uh taxes and things like that where the fare box really doesn't contribute that much to begin with. Uh So we were okay cutting that as you know just a casualty of the pandemic but you know other places are more reliant on their fare boxes, bigger systems at least um In sacramento. Uh what's the name of the system there? Uh
SPEAKER_L: We have sex party and then in the Elk Grove area there's um e tron so we have those too locally so.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, alright. Probably san Francisco be more reliant on unfair Reeboks income. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, sacramento. Mhm. I don't know too much about the system there
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was wondering how that would work. Never heard anything about them cutting fares or fees or anything so Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: personally. I like it. I think that's the way it should be. Uh No no affairs for public transportation just like you know you don't charge tuition for public schools so it should be the same way. But uh public transit has a sort of history in the private sector, it actually started as private before
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know, transit systems became public. And so they had to make revenue. In fact, a lot of our terminology still uses sort of business terms like revenue hours, revenue miles,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: um, to sort of, uh, kind of when we report our data. And so that, that mentality that transit has to pay for itself exists. Which is crazy because, you know, a lot of people have tried to do what transit does, but in the private sector, however, transportation is very expensive. Uh huh. It's just not easy to see because, you know, vehicles or private vehicles, automobiles are heavily subsidized. You're not really paying for the roads you're driving on. I mean, we pay a gas tax, but that's just a small percentage. And as cars become more fuel efficient, that gas tax is running out. So, uh, we're mm, transportation is is uh, in trouble, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It seems like a lot of things are right now like things that you would never thought would be closing is and yeah, everything's so crazy right now let's saw something earlier from my phone about like Wendy's and Pizza Hut, we're following for bankruptcy. And I was like, what? They're, they're huge. And then just some businesses that won't make it through this, you know? So like in my, at our local mall, like Nordstrom is just, they closed for good. And I'm like, what Nordstrom's is like a huge retailer. So yeah, it's just crazy. But I think that um, the governor here definitely opened too soon. So in those cases here are spiking as well and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah California was one of the first date who uh to sort of shut things down and get things under control. That's surprising.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And now he, I feel like, well he had that four phase plan of reopening and he just one week and phase one when we can face him, like that's not enough time people not wanting to wear their masks, our social
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: distance and now everything's spiking again, starting starting to close down again. And then at my, um, my office alone, we've already had two positive cases and then they always scramble oh my gosh, you guys have to go home right now, we have to clean. I was like why are we even here? We should be at home, you know, full time teleworking. But now they want to do that, they were simply considered essential. We have to be in the office at least two days a week. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't like it, I don't know, see you know, so but they have um imploded
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: more measures into you have to wear your mask Um when you leave your cubicle and if you're any any common areas in the hallways and the restrooms, you have to have your masculine or you can get written up so that's a good thing and then they screen us with those 12, I think it's 12 now screening questions every morning, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: At least they're they're doing something. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a good thing.
SPEAKER_R: here in florida governor, just just trying to pretend it's not a big deal hit right during our peak tourist season as well back in March and april
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's the peak there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and so it was very inconvenient. Um fortunately now in the summer all the snowbirds go back up north and so there's fewer people around, at least in the more uh suburban or rural parts of florida. So outside of Miami, outside of Tampa Jacksonville Orlando, I think it's not too bad because just there's less stuff happening. In fact there's some stories that only open, you know, for three or four months of the year and the rest of the year than just, you know, empty just because there's such a big influx of temporary residents and tourists during those particular months.
SPEAKER_L: pray.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So yeah, I'm not sure how long it will last, but at the beginning of the pandemic, I was I kind of like the the new the the new way of life almost.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I did too, because before then we were never able to telework ever. They said it's not possible for us to tell the work, you just can't get anything done that way and then came to the point where they had to and I like so we can get stuff done, we can tell the work that should be a thing all the time so we'll see if they keep it afterwards, but some things just can't be done from home so we have like special systems we have to use in the office and you can't access those outside of work so for those
SPEAKER_R: have,
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we have those things to you can only access in the office, but the workaround is using virtual machines. Issue with that is that we have to use the counting equipment for that. So they gave me this tiny little laptop uh that okay, you can use this from home because it's got all the software, you can uh use a virtual private network to get into the servers, but you can only do it through this laptop. And I'm like, I can't see anything on this little thing. Like I at work I've got double monitors, massive screens, you know
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Yeah, me too.
SPEAKER_R: I did in my home setup also I have multiple monitors, you know, but it's tiny little laptop. So what I ended up doing is connecting that little laptop to my home network and then promoting into the laptop using my home computer
SPEAKER_L: That was smart.
SPEAKER_R: remote into a computer to remote into another computer. So I've got the laptop down down there uh and I'm promoting into it from my home computer and my computer in my office is being promoted into by laptop so I figured it out. It took me a couple of weeks but yeah, so it was great, I mean I'm an introvert, you know, I don't like hanging out around a whole bunch of other people so it's like as long as I have an internet connection, I could be under house arrest for years and I would be fine. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I agree. I mean there's not too much of that I miss about things being open, like I love to shop, so I missed that. And how they expect you to do curbside pickup and I'm like, I can't try anything on, I don't want to do, I don't want to do that, like ra might as well just be closed because that makes no sense to me at all. And then like we would go to concerts a lot, so now that's out, so we still have a big festival here um in october after shock and it's like a three day rock concert, but people are still holding out hope that it's going to happen. I'm like, no, everything else has been canceled
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: and they haven't announced any refunds or a cancellation yet and I was like, don't give these people false hope and it's just not safe, I don't think it's going to happen and they should just cancel now instead of just wait until then to cancel so we'll see what happens
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've had a couple of trips
SPEAKER_L: over there.
SPEAKER_R: get canceled
SPEAKER_L: It,
SPEAKER_R: so those those are bummers. Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Where were you going?
SPEAKER_R: I had one trip to West Palm Beach and then another one to go visit family in Utah, It was actually for this weekend, four July weekend. Yeah we had already bought tickets months ago and everything okay bye. 4th of July it'll all be over. But then we got closer it's like oh things are picking up against states are putting in restrictions. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: My wife still, she still has to go into office so she can't afford the two week quarantine self quarantine for traveling. So um because me I just take my laptop wherever I go and I can work from there. Um but yeah she needs to go so I can't really be stuck in a place for for too long. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's a that's a lot of time. And for us um my office we have two buildings and so there's around close to 1000 employees so we were not able to take the state issued laptops because for all of the employees and I work in HR
SPEAKER_R: The look
SPEAKER_L: so in Hr that is about 502 100 employees. We have 19 laptop. So we have to use our own computers from working from home. So it's really difficult. People
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: take into account that you need to use your own paper ink, all these things and like they're like oh we're going to get reimbursed. Probably not. But yeah my boyfriend, he works in I. T. For the state as well and he was telling working for maybe I would say the first month of the pandemic. And then they were like you guys cannot tell her work is my productive, so now they're back in the office full time again. It just makes no sense because at his office they've had a map maybe four or 5 cases. They still like no no tele work. So I don't know. That's crazy. My my grandma had a trip planned I think like mid april she was going to Switzerland and she had to cancel. And it was a big thing because she luckily she had a travel insurance so she was able to follow claim and get her money back. But it was just a lot of cancellations of the um she had like different activities planned, she had to cancel those in the hotel and the transportation and just it was just a lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: Well that sounds awful.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, we'll see when then when this, when the sins. I don't know, we always plan a big
SPEAKER_R: cookies
SPEAKER_L: trip in october and we're going to go to Vegas but I'm pretty sure we're not going to Vegas now.
SPEAKER_R: already canceling plans for october well that's it's a
SPEAKER_L: since
SPEAKER_R: culture.
SPEAKER_L: you know things were milling out and then it just a big spike again. So.
SPEAKER_R: True. Uh I mean it could just be a new normal that will have to get used to, maybe it'll be like the flu uh get your vaccines every year for what will then be covid 20 Covid 21 Covid 22. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So
SPEAKER_L: I hope, I hope they come out with one with one soon because I'll gladly take it. My my dad, he's like I'm not getting vaccinated for anything, they're not shooting me up with anything and it's like he won't even get this flu shot, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean yeah I mean that's a whole another debate about you know anti-vaxxers uh uh it's hard freedoms versus um you know the greater good so but you probably
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: don't want to get into that so. Yeah. Yeah. Um So with your job is, does California have a hiring freeze right now?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yes and no certain classifications, they um they are having a freeze on but others that are essential work for corrections. So um right now they're trying to figure out what um prisons need people and which ones are okay. Some of prisons have, I'm over june so they're able to shift officers to other location instead of hiring more officers at the ones that are lacking. Um We have a Pearl agent academy going on right now so there's of course parole agents are important and essential so they still are hiring for those but other positions they're not really hiring too much for like analysts or office technicians. They're not really doing too much hiring for those classifications right now. But mostly yes there is a hiring freeze. Yeah. Right. Go about their. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: think there is, I'm not really involved in hr so uh not quite sure what all is going on, but uh um we're sort of racing ourselves from major budget cuts uh that are probably
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: going to hit next year mainly because of all the deficits we're going to have uh this year. Uh
SPEAKER_L: so you're not
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: impacted
SPEAKER_R: know, no, because our budgets are done one year in advance. How
SPEAKER_L: you are
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: just got signed I believe and so it all goes into effect today and we just got furloughed so pay cuts and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we have to be prepared to cut service, transit service, so that's that's how it's going to impact us. I don't know about uh terms of staffing levels, I mean, if I get laid off, you know, I won't be too devastated because to be honest, I'm tired of working here. I I belong in a big city, not in a small podunk backwater florida town, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was like I'm ready to retire but I really have like 30 more years left so it's nowhere near but I'm hoping to hit the lottery, get out of there. That's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: us.
SPEAKER_L: goal.
SPEAKER_R: That's the dream.
SPEAKER_L: That's the dream. That is the dream. Yeah. But yeah, but when you talk about the the cuts to transit service, they cut service here way back in april I believe because we would have um there's commuter routes that just go downtown cuts where all the state buildings mostly are. So they cut it down from, I want to say they cut it into a third. We used to have three commuter routes and now there's only one. So
SPEAKER_R: Was was that related to Covid or just the budget?
SPEAKER_L: um I think that what it didn't really say, they really didn't say I don't think they have a lot
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: of ridership right now anyway because people are mostly tell working or just don't think it's safe so yeah and just have big cuts everywhere and then with them with the budget they cut a lot of things. Um they were going to just do a pay cut but now they decided to do the furloughs and we won't get raises for two years now.
SPEAKER_R: Oof.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was like I was counting on that but what can you do? I'm just happy to have a job honestly, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: all the unemployment that happened a few months ago um Apparently there's a there's a little bounce back but yeah, you know, working in government is probably one of the safest things you can be doing right now because no joke. Late last year I was thinking maybe I should have, you know find a job with the airlines or something, be a data analyst for the airlines
SPEAKER_L: From
SPEAKER_R: and then this happens like maybe not, maybe
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: made a good choice
SPEAKER_R: So Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just want to stick around here long enough to get you know, enough experience, get you know more better job. This is really, you know, very entry level. Uh huh. For me so get the three years and then I qualify for a whole bunch of other things so.
SPEAKER_L: the only thing that up for me would go into management
SPEAKER_R: possible.
SPEAKER_L: or my other goal would be to go into I. T. I really don't want to be a manager, I do not want to babysit people so that's not for
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: me. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because you don't you don't go to school and study management. I guess there are some people who do but you study a subject and then the way you move up in that field is that you manage people who do that subject which is not what you originally do. I like being the front front line whatever I'm doing. I studied urban planning and transportation and I like you know doing those things, analyzing data, running models and doing forecasts and things like that. But I have a manager who also studied the same things that I did however he has to deal with projects and deadlines and funding and personnel and all those things which is like that has nothing to do with or implanting a transportation that's just anybody could do that job. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so hoping to to avoid that. Originally I wanted to be a professor or work at a think tank or something like that, but those plans got a little bit derailed a few years ago, so just just a regular old rank and file transportation uh planner analysts now, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's cool. I um I thought about being a pro service associate and they are the in between um the inmate and the parole agent so you're getting ready for the person to just go back out into society after they released from prison. But after that the only career path is parole agent and I do not want to be a parole agent. So I'm like okay well I shouldn't even go that route because that's not my my end goal. I couldn't see myself trying to chase someone down and stake out someone's house for hours on end. I don't know thank you. So I think I really do want to go to the I. T. Route. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh is that what
SPEAKER_L: Been
SPEAKER_R: you studied
SPEAKER_L: waiting,
SPEAKER_R: in school?
SPEAKER_L: I went to school for a business management. Um my concentration was HR and organizational behavior so I worked in HR ever since I graduated so I mean I am in the cursing career path as my degree which is good but the only thing up is management and I don't want that we do have um management specialist positions where it's just you you don't have a team but you are a manager, you just manage projects, so um I would like that but those positions are very few and far between so well don't look out for those.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm very fortunate because I can move pretty pretty laterally. A lot of fields. Uh like I know I'm in transit right now, but I could do freight, I can do logistics, I can do airlines, um trains, general automobile transportation. Uh basically if it has wheels and a motor, I I can plan for it,
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Like you have so many options so that's that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but nothing to vertical because
SPEAKER_L: Famous.
SPEAKER_R: again, you hit that ceiling of management but you don't want to go. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Right. Great.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So yeah. No no thank you,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I imagine just at the top end one day I'll just end up being an independent consultant
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: running in forecasting models for, you know, agencies out there that do transportation, things like that, then then I can work from home permanently. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that would be awesome. I just I just got to win the lottery, that's that's all I got, that's my goal, so
SPEAKER_R: well, good luck with that,
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Right? I think we hit our time limit. So uh
SPEAKER_L: Whose great talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: it's nice talking to you. Sorry, can you remind me of your name
SPEAKER_L: Misha
SPEAKER_R: again? Misha.
SPEAKER_L: and Arnold. Right,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, awesome.
SPEAKER_L: alright,
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: okay, you have
SPEAKER_R: you? And remembering
SPEAKER_L: a good day.
SPEAKER_R: I'm horrible with names. All right, take care.
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.