Okay. Mhm. What? Mhm. Okay. Yeah, No. Hi, Good morning.
can you hear me? Yeah. Okay, Okay,
I'm good, how are you?
Yeah.
Um Yes, I did it once, like I think back in May, yeah.
What about you?
Open
Yeah, that's why I had to do last time. I think we just talked about where we lived and like the weather and and I'm talking a lot about exercise, so yeah,
Misha.
Okay. Nice to meet you Arnold and
where are you located?
very cool. I'm in California.
What?
And then he went over there.
no, thank
you.
Yeah,
I'm
in sacramento. Mhm.
Did you go to Disneyland often?
Of course, yeah, I've ever been to Disney World, so that's one of my goals is to go there, so yeah.
I love theme park, so yeah, that would that would be fun. Yeah. What do you do for work?
cool. I'm an analyst. Is going to work for the state government. I'm an examination analyst so I give exams for people who want to get jobs with the state pretty much. Okay.
What do you think about this whole pandemic right now? Are you working from home or are
you still going to work?
No.
that's interesting. I was wondering how that that would work because I take the bus to work but since everything started having taken the bus at all so I really don't know how it's changed on on my end. So I was wondering what they were doing and yeah like how would they collect payment if the receptacle and the scanner is up by the driver and you can't go that way so I'm pretty sure here that we still have to pay so Yeah, that's really interesting.
We have sex party and then in the Elk Grove area there's um e tron so we have those too locally so.
that makes sense.
Yeah, I was wondering how that would work. Never heard anything about them cutting fares or fees or anything so Yeah. I don't know.
What?
What?
Yeah. It seems like a lot of things are right now like things that you would never thought would be closing is and yeah, everything's so crazy right now let's saw something earlier from my phone about like Wendy's and Pizza Hut, we're following for bankruptcy. And I was like, what? They're, they're huge. And then just some businesses that won't make it through this, you know? So like in my, at our local mall, like Nordstrom is just, they closed for good. And I'm like, what Nordstrom's is like a huge retailer. So yeah, it's just crazy. But I think that um, the governor here definitely opened too soon. So in those cases here are spiking as well and yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And now he, I feel like, well he had that four phase plan of reopening and he just one week and phase one when we can face him, like that's not enough time people not wanting to wear their masks, our social
distance and now everything's spiking again, starting starting to close down again. And then at my, um, my office alone, we've already had two positive cases and then they always scramble oh my gosh, you guys have to go home right now, we have to clean. I was like why are we even here? We should be at home, you know, full time teleworking. But now they want to do that, they were simply considered essential. We have to be in the office at least two days a week. So Yeah.
Yeah, I don't like it, I don't know, see you know, so but they have um imploded
more measures into you have to wear your mask Um when you leave your cubicle and if you're any any common areas in the hallways and the restrooms, you have to have your masculine or you can get written up so that's a good thing and then they screen us with those 12, I think it's 12 now screening questions every morning, so. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a good thing.
Oh that's the peak there.
pray.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I did too, because before then we were never able to telework ever. They said it's not possible for us to tell the work, you just can't get anything done that way and then came to the point where they had to and I like so we can get stuff done, we can tell the work that should be a thing all the time so we'll see if they keep it afterwards, but some things just can't be done from home so we have like special systems we have to use in the office and you can't access those outside of work so for those
things
Right. Right. Yeah, me too.
That was smart.
Yeah, I agree. I mean there's not too much of that I miss about things being open, like I love to shop, so I missed that. And how they expect you to do curbside pickup and I'm like, I can't try anything on, I don't want to do, I don't want to do that, like ra might as well just be closed because that makes no sense to me at all. And then like we would go to concerts a lot, so now that's out, so we still have a big festival here um in october after shock and it's like a three day rock concert, but people are still holding out hope that it's going to happen. I'm like, no, everything else has been canceled
and they haven't announced any refunds or a cancellation yet and I was like, don't give these people false hope and it's just not safe, I don't think it's going to happen and they should just cancel now instead of just wait until then to cancel so we'll see what happens
over there.
It,
yeah. Where were you going?
huh.
Yeah that's a that's a lot of time. And for us um my office we have two buildings and so there's around close to 1000 employees so we were not able to take the state issued laptops because for all of the employees and I work in HR
so in Hr that is about 502 100 employees. We have 19 laptop. So we have to use our own computers from working from home. So it's really difficult. People
don't
take into account that you need to use your own paper ink, all these things and like they're like oh we're going to get reimbursed. Probably not. But yeah my boyfriend, he works in I. T. For the state as well and he was telling working for maybe I would say the first month of the pandemic. And then they were like you guys cannot tell her work is my productive, so now they're back in the office full time again. It just makes no sense because at his office they've had a map maybe four or 5 cases. They still like no no tele work. So I don't know. That's crazy. My my grandma had a trip planned I think like mid april she was going to Switzerland and she had to cancel. And it was a big thing because she luckily she had a travel insurance so she was able to follow claim and get her money back. But it was just a lot of cancellations of the um she had like different activities planned, she had to cancel those in the hotel and the transportation and just it was just a lot of work.
So yeah, we'll see when then when this, when the sins. I don't know, we always plan a big
trip in october and we're going to go to Vegas but I'm pretty sure we're not going to Vegas now.
since
you know things were milling out and then it just a big spike again. So.
Right.
I hope, I hope they come out with one with one soon because I'll gladly take it. My my dad, he's like I'm not getting vaccinated for anything, they're not shooting me up with anything and it's like he won't even get this flu shot, so. Yeah.
What?
Um Yes and no certain classifications, they um they are having a freeze on but others that are essential work for corrections. So um right now they're trying to figure out what um prisons need people and which ones are okay. Some of prisons have, I'm over june so they're able to shift officers to other location instead of hiring more officers at the ones that are lacking. Um We have a Pearl agent academy going on right now so there's of course parole agents are important and essential so they still are hiring for those but other positions they're not really hiring too much for like analysts or office technicians. They're not really doing too much hiring for those classifications right now. But mostly yes there is a hiring freeze. Yeah. Right. Go about their. Yeah.
But
so you're not
impacted
you are
just got signed I believe and so it all goes into effect today and we just got furloughed so pay cuts and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. I was like I'm ready to retire but I really have like 30 more years left so it's nowhere near but I'm hoping to hit the lottery, get out of there. That's
my
goal.
That's the dream. That is the dream. Yeah. But yeah, but when you talk about the the cuts to transit service, they cut service here way back in april I believe because we would have um there's commuter routes that just go downtown cuts where all the state buildings mostly are. So they cut it down from, I want to say they cut it into a third. We used to have three commuter routes and now there's only one. So
um I think that what it didn't really say, they really didn't say I don't think they have a lot
of ridership right now anyway because people are mostly tell working or just don't think it's safe so yeah and just have big cuts everywhere and then with them with the budget they cut a lot of things. Um they were going to just do a pay cut but now they decided to do the furloughs and we won't get raises for two years now.
Yeah I was like I was counting on that but what can you do? I'm just happy to have a job honestly, so. Yeah.
From
you
made a good choice
that's crazy.
the only thing that up for me would go into management
or my other goal would be to go into I. T. I really don't want to be a manager, I do not want to babysit people so that's not for
me. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah that's cool. I um I thought about being a pro service associate and they are the in between um the inmate and the parole agent so you're getting ready for the person to just go back out into society after they released from prison. But after that the only career path is parole agent and I do not want to be a parole agent. So I'm like okay well I shouldn't even go that route because that's not my my end goal. I couldn't see myself trying to chase someone down and stake out someone's house for hours on end. I don't know thank you. So I think I really do want to go to the I. T. Route. Okay.
Been
waiting,
I went to school for a business management. Um my concentration was HR and organizational behavior so I worked in HR ever since I graduated so I mean I am in the cursing career path as my degree which is good but the only thing up is management and I don't want that we do have um management specialist positions where it's just you you don't have a team but you are a manager, you just manage projects, so um I would like that but those positions are very few and far between so well don't look out for those.
That's awesome.
Like you have so many options so that's that's really cool.
Famous.
Right. Great.
So yeah. No no thank you,
that's
that would be awesome. I just I just got to win the lottery, that's that's all I got, that's my goal, so
thank you. Thank you.
Whose great talking to you,
Misha
and Arnold. Right,
alright,
okay, you have
a good day.
You too.