Hi can you hear me?
how are you doing today?
I am well um
so have you done this before?
Okay.
I did once before however didn't get any prompts. Did you get any prompts for this one? Okay. I guess we'll just
come up with stuff to discuss I guess. Yeah.
interesting. Um Well first of all what's your name?
Misha, Nice to meet you. Misha my name is Arnold,
so
I'm in florida right now. Southwest florida.
Oh excellent. I love California. It's like florida but nicer
weather wise. Yeah
humidity with a chance of Saharan dust right
now
so yeah fun times. Um
It's nice in the winter but in the winter is just like California all year round actually. What part of California? It's quite
large
I haven't been to northern California mostly. Uh Well I was born and lived on and off in southern California. Yeah
no I I went twice. One is like a little kid then Like four or 5 years ago problem. But yeah I guess that's that's something you just have to do at least once. Right
Yeah I've been to Orlando a few times um never into Disney world though, went to Universal Studios so. Oh
I am a data analyst for a local transit agency. Yeah.
Yes I remember because I thought about applying to um Caltrans and they have the whole thing about exams there, I didn't end up applying but I was aware of that. Well actually I was where was I? I went to USC so um I did a lot with Caltrans in terms of research and things like that. Yeah I think I was it was after where I was almost graduating it was looking for jobs. So yeah
I
I am working from home um it was I guess it's sort of optional. It was like strongly recommended but if somebody really wanted to stay and work in the office that could I took the first chance I could get. Uh But yeah it's we're in one of those states that spiking again. And transit is one of those interesting things are that where it's it's a bad idea to take public transit when you're in a pandemic but it's also essential. So we've had to take you know Extra special measures. So we've basically divided our buses in half or almost in half and two thirds where everyone can
only board through the back door. And we only allow 10 people on the bus at a time. Um And the drivers have this barrier so they don't actually interact with public and all public transit is free for the foreseeable future. Yeah.
Yeah most of our income comes from you know government sources or uh taxes and things like that where the fare box really doesn't contribute that much to begin with. Uh So we were okay cutting that as you know just a casualty of the pandemic but you know other places are more reliant on their fare boxes, bigger systems at least um In sacramento. Uh what's the name of the system there? Uh
Okay, alright. Probably san Francisco be more reliant on unfair Reeboks income. Yeah.
But yeah, sacramento. Mhm. I don't know too much about the system there
personally. I like it. I think that's the way it should be. Uh No no affairs for public transportation just like you know you don't charge tuition for public schools so it should be the same way. But uh public transit has a sort of history in the private sector, it actually started as private before
you know, transit systems became public. And so they had to make revenue. In fact, a lot of our terminology still uses sort of business terms like revenue hours, revenue miles,
um, to sort of, uh, kind of when we report our data. And so that, that mentality that transit has to pay for itself exists. Which is crazy because, you know, a lot of people have tried to do what transit does, but in the private sector, however, transportation is very expensive. Uh huh. It's just not easy to see because, you know, vehicles or private vehicles, automobiles are heavily subsidized. You're not really paying for the roads you're driving on. I mean, we pay a gas tax, but that's just a small percentage. And as cars become more fuel efficient, that gas tax is running out. So, uh, we're mm, transportation is is uh, in trouble, I guess.
Yeah California was one of the first date who uh to sort of shut things down and get things under control. That's surprising.
correct.
Mhm.
Okay,
At least they're they're doing something. Um
here in florida governor, just just trying to pretend it's not a big deal hit right during our peak tourist season as well back in March and april
yeah and so it was very inconvenient. Um fortunately now in the summer all the snowbirds go back up north and so there's fewer people around, at least in the more uh suburban or rural parts of florida. So outside of Miami, outside of Tampa Jacksonville Orlando, I think it's not too bad because just there's less stuff happening. In fact there's some stories that only open, you know, for three or four months of the year and the rest of the year than just, you know, empty just because there's such a big influx of temporary residents and tourists during those particular months.
Uh So yeah, I'm not sure how long it will last, but at the beginning of the pandemic, I was I kind of like the the new the the new way of life almost.
have,
yeah, we have those things to you can only access in the office, but the workaround is using virtual machines. Issue with that is that we have to use the counting equipment for that. So they gave me this tiny little laptop uh that okay, you can use this from home because it's got all the software, you can uh use a virtual private network to get into the servers, but you can only do it through this laptop. And I'm like, I can't see anything on this little thing. Like I at work I've got double monitors, massive screens, you know
I did in my home setup also I have multiple monitors, you know, but it's tiny little laptop. So what I ended up doing is connecting that little laptop to my home network and then promoting into the laptop using my home computer
remote into a computer to remote into another computer. So I've got the laptop down down there uh and I'm promoting into it from my home computer and my computer in my office is being promoted into by laptop so I figured it out. It took me a couple of weeks but yeah, so it was great, I mean I'm an introvert, you know, I don't like hanging out around a whole bunch of other people so it's like as long as I have an internet connection, I could be under house arrest for years and I would be fine. So
and
Yeah I've had a couple of trips
get canceled
so those those are bummers. Uh
I had one trip to West Palm Beach and then another one to go visit family in Utah, It was actually for this weekend, four July weekend. Yeah we had already bought tickets months ago and everything okay bye. 4th of July it'll all be over. But then we got closer it's like oh things are picking up against states are putting in restrictions. Um
My wife still, she still has to go into office so she can't afford the two week quarantine self quarantine for traveling. So um because me I just take my laptop wherever I go and I can work from there. Um but yeah she needs to go so I can't really be stuck in a place for for too long. Um
The look
I
say
Well that sounds awful.
cookies
already canceling plans for october well that's it's a
culture.
True. Uh I mean it could just be a new normal that will have to get used to, maybe it'll be like the flu uh get your vaccines every year for what will then be covid 20 Covid 21 Covid 22. Yeah.
Uh So
Yeah I mean yeah I mean that's a whole another debate about you know anti-vaxxers uh uh it's hard freedoms versus um you know the greater good so but you probably
don't want to get into that so. Yeah. Yeah. Um So with your job is, does California have a hiring freeze right now?
think there is, I'm not really involved in hr so uh not quite sure what all is going on, but uh um we're sort of racing ourselves from major budget cuts uh that are probably
going to hit next year mainly because of all the deficits we're going to have uh this year. Uh
you
know, no, because our budgets are done one year in advance. How
are you?
we have to be prepared to cut service, transit service, so that's that's how it's going to impact us. I don't know about uh terms of staffing levels, I mean, if I get laid off, you know, I won't be too devastated because to be honest, I'm tired of working here. I I belong in a big city, not in a small podunk backwater florida town, so.
That's
us.
That's the dream.
Was was that related to Covid or just the budget?
Because
Oof.
all the unemployment that happened a few months ago um Apparently there's a there's a little bounce back but yeah, you know, working in government is probably one of the safest things you can be doing right now because no joke. Late last year I was thinking maybe I should have, you know find a job with the airlines or something, be a data analyst for the airlines
and then this happens like maybe not, maybe
not.
So Yeah. Uh
Yeah, I just want to stick around here long enough to get you know, enough experience, get you know more better job. This is really, you know, very entry level. Uh huh. For me so get the three years and then I qualify for a whole bunch of other things so.
possible.
it's
because you don't you don't go to school and study management. I guess there are some people who do but you study a subject and then the way you move up in that field is that you manage people who do that subject which is not what you originally do. I like being the front front line whatever I'm doing. I studied urban planning and transportation and I like you know doing those things, analyzing data, running models and doing forecasts and things like that. But I have a manager who also studied the same things that I did however he has to deal with projects and deadlines and funding and personnel and all those things which is like that has nothing to do with or implanting a transportation that's just anybody could do that job. Yeah,
so hoping to to avoid that. Originally I wanted to be a professor or work at a think tank or something like that, but those plans got a little bit derailed a few years ago, so just just a regular old rank and file transportation uh planner analysts now, so.
Uh is that what
you studied
in school?
Yeah, I'm very fortunate because I can move pretty pretty laterally. A lot of fields. Uh like I know I'm in transit right now, but I could do freight, I can do logistics, I can do airlines, um trains, general automobile transportation. Uh basically if it has wheels and a motor, I I can plan for it,
so
Yeah, but nothing to vertical because
again, you hit that ceiling of management but you don't want to go. Uh
So
yeah, I imagine just at the top end one day I'll just end up being an independent consultant
running in forecasting models for, you know, agencies out there that do transportation, things like that, then then I can work from home permanently. Uh
well, good luck with that,
Right? I think we hit our time limit. So uh
it's nice talking to you. Sorry, can you remind me of your name
again? Misha.
Yes, awesome.
Did
you? And remembering
I'm horrible with names. All right, take care.
Bye.