Hi ladies. Oh, did they do that wrong?
I can't hear you
Okay. No, I can hear you know, I figured it out.
It's me.
It's fine. I said like 14 of them, just a second ago. Yeah. How are you? Is that a harry potter mug?
You know what? I was like, wait a minute, I have one of those.
that would terrify me.
I got to figure out what this money like that. Well, hi, I'm in Washington.
my goodness,
it's raining, It's always raining. Yeah, like every day
now
Oh, that's so cool, I'm going to look it up.
I
I just got off work, otherwise I would probably be in pajamas or like sweatpants, it would be so lazy.
Which you're lucky. Oh my gosh, I was like, wait a minute, I've got to chat it too.
I was getting ready to change, I was like, wait, I've got five minutes, I've got to chat it too.
Behind
Mhm. I am an architect. Yeah. It sounds like more fun than it is right now. We're working on a hospital. And they keep changing the way that they want it built. And I think we're at our Like 4, 3 draw because they keep changing how many rooms they want, how many lights they want. And then you've got to go back and forth and meet with different people. And I was like, I can't wait to get home for my part of the day where you don't have a mask on because you have to like meet in person with everybody. So I'm like, oh my gosh! Every what? Every two days we get covid tested,
which is fun. Don't recommend it.
Uh huh. It's like a flu test. Like on crack. It's so bad down. What
do you do? Mm hmm.
I heard that. That's hard. Like just the paperwork.
That kind of happened. I have a two year old and she's autistic. So we had to go through like S. S. I. And all of that. And I think we feel that the paperwork like nine different times and it's like her dad needs to sign off on one thing so that they'll approve it and they just keep shutting it down. I'm like, well you locate him and tell him to fill it out them. So
so I get it. It's so much paperwork. It is ridiculous.
Yes. I was like, thank God for buying mm like lying. And when it's real bad whiskey.
So what is going on in Kansas? We are still like way locked down here.
wow.
See here, you'll get kicked out of the store or a restaurant if you don't like, and if you get caught doing it twice, you can actually get arrested and taking
the
court for it. So
they're so strange.
Yeah, that's kind of what I said. I was like, I don't think that you deserve a criminal record over a mask. But like, you know, some people like, I think they just couldn't afford them. So or health department like passes them out so they're like, hey, listen, if you don't have it, or like if you go to the store and you don't have one, they've got a big old box of them so you can just put it on so people don't really have that excuse. Like I can't afford it. I forgot it. Well here it is, just using,
It's
been
weird year
and president went kind of crazy and Covid happened. Thank
you between the two. Like, you know what? It could be worse. No, like crazy earthquakes. We had a lot of fires here this year though.
Yeah. It was like, I have never seen fires like that and I've been here for like nine years and it was so bad. We couldn't go outside for a while even with masks on And they
were like
the
error. It was like if you went outside for 20 minutes is like smoking like 30 packs of cigarettes and a day and like you just couldn't breathe. You got to close all your windows and they shot down a bunch of places. I was
like,
what about old people? Something? I called my grand and I was like, listen, stay inside. And she's like, she's been stuck inside all year, so she's not going anywhere.
I think it's a west coast thing. You would think with all the
water
over here
that we wouldn't have that.
But
like forest.
Yeah, I think that parts of the red was up
in northern California, they're still on fire like lightly, but nothing crazy. But other than that like,
Yeah, it was really weird because we have fires and then once the fires went out, the mountains started getting snow. So it was like from one thing to another, they weren't even done clearing everything up and they were projecting like feet and feet of snow.
Yeah, we don't really have the ball. It's like it's either raining or it's snowing. I think our our summers are maybe it's 80° outside, so it's just different. It's very different. Mm
Hey,
we weren't either. And then I think it was yesterday I woke up and I went out to my car And it was like iced over and I looked at my phone and it was 39° and I was like okay, so winter here it happens. And it's like, I don't know. I was so disappointed the whole way to work as like fucking teacher. It was ridiculous. I was not prepared for it just like two days before it was like Almost 70° outside and then it was 30. And then I think today are high is like 29.
We didn't. Did you get like checker traders? Uh
is there
anything
that's awesome.
Yeah. We got um I think four trick or treaters and I only know because they were so funny the next day like because like the neighborhood that we live in, there's not very many people, the little kids, they wrote thank you notes to everybody that left candy out for them. And I was like, we left a big old bowl of candy out and there was no candy lap. So like these four kids, they really made out at my house.
They were
like, thanks, you have the best candy. And I was like, yeah, everybody got like basically half a bag of freaking candy. They're poor parents. I think. I think we had 44 that wrote a thank, you know, and one little girl that rang the doorbell and I was like panicking, I was like, here's $10, I don't have any candy. It was 11 o'clock at night. I was panicking. She was six and she was dressed like a butterfly
and I I said hi and she went trick or treat and I went all the candies there and she was like, there wasn't any. And her mom was like, it's okay, go I'm like, that's fine. Do you want $10? Like I just immediately began to panic because like you could see it in her face, like this little like deer in headlights. Like I was like, please don't cry.
That's why I asked her mom. She was like, she worked a late shift so they were trying to still hit houses and I was like, okay. So I know what that's like, but
she's
like my waiting mom. Yeah. I was like, oh goodness. I was like, I don't want to be that person that gives out apple. I used to hate those people are like, here's my toothbrush.
Yeah. You always tell his parents really not fans of Halloween.
hope you get more housing. He was like, you know, we've been to several and all the candy is gone and I'm like,
So
then
the
next day I figured out most of the means for kids that cut. It's all there for them.
Yeah. I mean they made out for Halloween. I didn't even know that we were doing anything. It was kind of like a last minute thing and I left it out, went to bed and woke up to the doorbell and The house
is 11:00. Little girl. Oh, my mom's like, I'm really sorry. It's like, I was like, I'm sorry, it's late to
be
up at six. a.m. And she was like, it's okay. I was like, what are I was just glad it wasn't like burglars or something.
I
automatically think burglars at 11:00. I don't know why.
Yeah, I have a ring doorbell so they get caught eventually. But I was like
ball. It came with the house. I didn't like whoever used to own it paid. I don't know. I was like, man, I'm old at 11:00. I'm
thinking
burglars,
I was probably my best friend.
And
Are you kidding me? It was 11. Your lights were alone, so not all of them, but some of them. He's like, I don't think burglars burglarized that way. All right. Thank you. Been crazy like Covid has people acting wild. You never know. We have a
lot of protests still going on here. Like we're about two hours from Portland and they're like still blowing things up. Like they're burning buildings and their cocktails and like They shut down our Highway two nights ago, like the main highway that people use for everything because there was protesters on the highway. Yeah. Just kind of satin thought, you know, it's, I understand you're going through a lot, but I have to go to work too. So it made it like twice as long and they had looted buildings and everything is also boarded up. Still people suddenly just stopped. Like even Starbucks in our downtown Seattle area. It's all boarded up. Their God even onboarding it because people just keep breaking it.
They're crazy.
Like I don't want anybody to pick on you because the color of your skin. But I would really like to have Starbucks. And
then
I was telling my mother and she was like, that's a first world problem. Okay. Yeah. Well, so is you know that I don't have time to go break a window to go to work. I was
like, okay, so you're just meaning today. Like that's what happens when you don't get caught. Okay. It just doesn't work.
I have only one. I have a daughter. She's to, her name is Freya.
And
she is a lot. Like she has very specific things where you have to do it in a very specific order. Otherwise she immediately begins to panic.
And right now she will only wear hot pink rain boots with every single thing that she puts on, including her pajamas this morning. I was like okay, it was better than last week. Last week. It was two different boots. One was a princess shoe where it was like those big ugly plastic princess high heels And one was Amy High Rain Boots.
And I
was
like,
she, she couldn't, she needed picked up but I was like, I don't even know like that's a fucking mood right there. It didn't even make sense. I dropped her off to daycare and was like, listen, Here's the other two. I don't know which one she's going to decide, but I hope you can get her to figure it out because it was like A meltdown that I'm sure our neighbors are, she's just screaming
and crying because she wanted to show you something, I'm just not at six. a.m. We're
right and lately it's all batman, she is going to be batman. I don't know why, but it's like she's got a batman Halloween costume because we didn't know they were cancelling it
and she
has
worn it every day for four days now, this thing has to come off and used to be washed and she wears it with princess shoes. So I don't know what kind of crime she's fighting. She's only got boy cousins, so they are into like action heroes. So she's not big on princesses,
she's
like,
she's either batman or Iron man every day.
No, she thinks it's cool. Like she's like batman, I'm like okay,
yeah, the only problem that we have is like every boy nephews and their five and six and so they have all these weird hand movements that they do and
it's supposed to be these pretend batman moves
so she tries to imitate them and she's like, I got you like what did she expect you like, no matter where you are, if she gets you to immediately like all to the
floor
the way that they do and it just, it doesn't happen for, so sometimes I'm like I'm cooking and she's like gotcha, like
you can't get me right now, I have to cook
dinner. And she's like, we set up our christmas tree because she's crazy for christmas trees learn that at the store when we couldn't leave without a christmas tree and she Gets the Christmas tree, I think she's knocked it down like nine or 10 times now, thankfully it's fate. But the amount of ornament, Yeah, she's actually like running head first into the tree and then she laid there giggling with it on top of her screaming. I got you! Okay,
well you did.
I think it's just that it's big and she cannot get over. I don't know. She's very disappointed. We got a regular traditional like big christmas tree and she very much wanted it to be hot paint.
Yes, it's pink and batman. We've tried everything. She she's got a very interesting personality. Mm Got lucky with that. Yes,
we, we are not doing candy. We did not do candy for Halloween. I don't even want to know what she would look like
on candy I think.
I
don't know.
No, I wouldn't want to see like the first five minutes after I know my sister gave her Children and popsicles and she was like, you have to come down, said you did this, this is on you. And she was up to like one o'clock in the morning running circles. She was like, all she told me was that she is crazy. I was like, oh, wow, have fun.
Yeah,
it was wild.
So have
you lived in Kansas your whole life?
That's
kind of cool
about,
I said that's kind of cool though. Yeah.
You know, I grew up in a small town slate and get it. I grew up in Forks Washington before twilight. Like before, like vampires showed up in our town, like my mother, she called every day and she was like, everybody's here and I don't know why she did not understand it. I was already in college at that point and I was like, oh yeah, that's because they're filming those vampire movies and she was like, No, they're not. I was like, it's just our little bitty town, it's like 10 minutes from British Columbia. I think that there's 200 people in the town, there's one grocery store, one gas station in one restaurant, like you're not going anywhere.
And so every time that I say forced to people, they're like, oh did you see this? I'm like, I was in college at a party, I didn't care about glittery vampires. That's not my thing. Like my mother, she was very disappointed at the traffic that it caused. We had one stoplight. So she was very
mad that it was backed up something about compound in the spine. She's just going to the gas station.
Yeah, I think that a lot of the people were like, they filmed at their house. They actually are air being being it So that people can stay in these houses and like, I just don't get the 20. I've honestly never seen the movie so maybe they're really good and that's why my my best friend, he was like those boys are beautiful, that's all I'm good for you. I don't even know. He's like the girls are nice looking to oh okay well good
for you.
Yeah wow. I think that my sister thought all that she got out of it was that vampires
are
glittery and she's like I only wanted to watch it because we knew the areas she's like but most of it was Portland. I don't know why they were pretending like it was Forks. They filmed in the houses and forts but the movie in Portland
I told
her what
you do with in Portland so you probably know what she's like the school that they found that is next door to my house. Oh she said yeah it's just wild. It just like pacific northwest at it. I don't understand.
it's like 500 miles away from forks. But okay so they just wanted our cute little windy houses To drive the elderly. There was not a lot of people that like had kids there. I think that there was 50 kids in my graduating class. It was just small
and
yeah I think I was related to five of them so I get where you're coming from. It's like okay branch out let's go someplace else and everybody
knows everything
about everybody even when they don't.
I I completely understand that. Like that was the biggest reason I was like I'm moving to Seattle when I get out of here. I want to be close but far enough away that like my mother and my family can't come visit unless I invite them. They still don't, they still just show up randomly.
I was like can't you call but you don't have to call because your family, I'm like, no really? But you should. I think one time my mother showed up and we weren't even here, we were in California and she showed up. She's like him at your house. I unlocked the door. I was like okay. She's like when you coming home, I was like next week we're
not there. You should have called.
She hired a locksmith to get a key because I asked her the same thing. I told her, where did you get a key? I never gave you a key. She's like, oh I call the locksmith. I said a locksmith
came and unlocked my door for you. She said well we have this name, last name. They were okay with it. I said thank you. Call it
Would
Yeah. I think it's because she is in her 60s and she looks like a harmless old lady that just makes cookies. She's like, so I'm going to do your dishes and I'm going to vacuum your rug and clean your floor because I see that she left four dishes in this thing. I was like, I have a dishwasher. She's like, and it's your mother. I've got this like really just put them in the dishwasher. Like she just randomly shows up and I come home and she's cleaning. I'm like, you could just keep the key. Just keep the key. I don't know what you're doing. She did it to my sister wants to where she just showed up in Portland.
She's like, I just want to know if you need help with anything. Right?
I told my dad I sleep Dad, you got to take your car to use the way he was like, have you ever tried to take anything from your mother? I'm not doing that. So he just like lets her go, please call me. He was like, I'm out fishing. I don't have time to just
call
you. I get home. She's not there. I assume she's with you guys. So she could be anywhere. What if she was kidnapped? And he was like in Forks? Nobody's
kidnapping her. Thank you. Okay. Yeah.
To the lot.
Oh no, it's happened a couple of times. I told her, you know that I have a gun in this house, right? You could you could literally come walking in and not walk out with your life. And she was like, you would just do that. I said Dad bought the gun. You don't think that I would just do that. I was like, I'll be terribly sorry maybe unfortunate. I was like, I first have to, you know locate the key and unlock the box and pull it out of the closet. But eventually that would happen. She was like after all of that process, you would know it was me. You can't just let yourself in. It's weird. It's creepy. She's like, I'm just bored. Uh huh. Yeah,
that's what I said. She used to teach kindergarten, which she like adamantly, she's like, I was a kindergarten teacher. Nobody scared of me. I said I'm not scared of you just don't need you in my house boundaries. And she
said there are no boundaries with your mother. It was like, this is why you live in force. She's,
she's a lot.
Oh yeah, I know my sister, she gets meaner about it. She's like, I have changed my locks like five or six times and one time she showed up, my mother was just sitting on her porch. She's like, she's been there for a couple hours because she knew that my sister didn't like when she called blocks. It's like, oh, she's
like, I live in a gated community. I don't even know how she got the code.
Yeah. You know, she probably did and they probably won't because she, she seems like a sweet old lady and she's very helpful. She's like, I think that she just doesn't know what to do with herself. And so she is driving us crazy
thankfully.
Like it's the only bright silver lining of covid that she stopped leaving the house. Like she
is just there.
I'm
I will send you a care package. You can get your call.
I I have no idea. I was like I guess you could have parked on the street and walked up. I didn't see it. Well I
I called R. H. O.
A.
No I don't want to be that person. But my mother got into my house yesterday. I need you to come figure this out. And they came and they changed out all the locks and they told me you know we've got a keypad code but I need to change all of it because this would be heard and she's getting it. It's super. She's a and she used to not be that way like she got cold and we moved out and she just shows up like she is the queen of Pop Up. I don't like I literally be doing anything and you're just gonna walk into my living. They're like well what would you be doing in the living room? I'm like, I don't even know anything I want.
It's like, I feel like we're past knocking if that be not knocking, I knock on your
door and she's like, and it's offensive.
he's like, he lived there your whole life. You should be able to just block it. Okay. It's a cultural thing that the only thing I take a
it's goofy. It's so weird.
It's got like a motion sensor when you come within a foot of the doorbell. It takes a little video and if they ring it it will take a between 30 seconds and two minute
video.
And we actually um I put cameras like through, we have Xfinity home. But I put cameras in the house where they're at in the center. So you've got it in Washington, tell them that they're being watched on my door. There's little sticker, like if you come
in,
you're
going to be on camera so you can actually see everything. It's got a little speaker. So I had a little speaker about
it on my phone,
through the app. And I'm like, mom, get out of my house. She's like, where is it coming from?
I'm at work, go away.
You don't need to be here. Like she's just checking it out. So yeah, I get small pound overbearing mothers.
She tried to introduce me to a year old man yesterday. So she's like, I met this nice guy at the store And he's older and he's so kind and I was like, and he lives in four and she gave him my number without asking and he
called
me and he was like, I saw your picture and your beautiful. I said, who is this? Because you found old enough to my dad. He was one of my mother's friends from school. He's 55.
I don't like um 30 so it's not young but it's not old and I'm not interested and he was like it sounds nice but you sound me, Oh
goodbye. It was very weird. Like she's convinced that
like
at 20 you need to be
grown and married off. I don't
know.
Something
weird. I asked my dad my dad like just never get married. Mr trouble just don't do it. I'll come to your house and all the six things. You don't know how to fix anything. He's like I'll pay somebody to fix things.
Likelier. I I don't even think I've ever seen him growing up with a hammer. I don't even think I ever saw hammer a nail into the wall. It would be likely. Or my mother. Yeah. I don't know. He's not handy like that. Like he's a hunter and a fixer but he's not a fixer of thing.
only bear
girl
is,
but
not
Mhm. I don't
even know what else to say.
So yeah. So we were like six minutes longer because I ramble.
I'm talking to you too. I like your hair. I'm jealous because it's so long. Like I just cut mine off and I like spent
four days crying.
I know I'm jealous. I was like looking the whole time before you go. You have great fucking hair. Mm hmm.
You know I'm a sailor.
I
should really work on that. That's what happened. I work with nothing but men. So
you too. It was nice to meet you.
Mhm. You too. Bye.