Yeah. Hello? Hello.
Uh My name char. Yeah.
Uh
Cat. Yeah. Nice to meet you.
little bit.
I'm
like your background.
Uh I'm here your uh us uh florida which stayed on you
yeah,
you're
earlier right now. The warehouse three hours uh difference. Right,
okay. Our mistakes. Yeah. Nice. Are you a teacher um
you know?
Uh It's okay.
open
but you know that's uh still a lot of cases reported every day and uh yeah we have uh our employees keep track of
everything
but the way we work normally. Yeah.
Yeah. We were we were the mask, you know, get out of the office. Yeah.
But
you really um only one person. One office. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm doing research actually. I work in lab. Uh
Chemistry.
Chemistry
I'm working on project. You know uh we work out uh our own, you know, we have biological level, we have chemistry lab, our chemistry lab making chemicals making compounds uh get testing in the biological lab. So we're basically a researcher. Yeah.
Yeah.
Many many years. Yeah.
I uh Okay, I I was originally from china, I studied chemistry uh
college and then I go to graduate school and study chemistry again. So uh when I was uh in research institute I got a chance, you know, um To move to USA to uh study a
chemistry for a PhD degree then. Yeah, so I got a scholarship.
So I come out here just then. Yeah,
very long time ago I've been here 20 years. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I like you very much.
Yeah. My my school with a PhD in new york University and the Albany. Yeah.
a cold place to a warm place here. Yeah, I
think it probably uh oh, 15 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I
stayed here since then. Yeah.
My my own family, yeah. Only my wife. My kids. Yeah. I hold daughter hey do the remote study right now. So online. Yeah. So that's uh yeah. What do you do? Yeah. Is
it kind of uh
but the way we don't have too much choice, you know, a week ago in class. Uh
huh. Online half
half right now in florida here. Yeah. Yeah.
12 years old right now. seven is great
one
you mean? Oh really want
uh Yeah, glad to talk with you. Uh you know, a few weeks ago. Uh
uh
My daughter really feel not so good because we're here. Hey, he never been to school since March this year, you know with the line or all the time. So no one to interact with, you know personally. But they do do online tracking, meeting that talk with friends online better, you know? No personal interaction that's caused a lot of stress on her. Yeah.
well
I'm the subject you're teaching.
Uh
Language art.
As a social study is three weeks right now
for the middle.
Probably florida here probably difference the yeah the uh
they uh
I
remember here last year he studies uh old old nations uh he gave things you know uh that kind of place. Yeah and
this year the civics yeah. Uh
huh.
Yeah she's doing well very
well and feel like every time.
Yeah she like it she she's doing very well in uh in the class. Yeah.
Yes there are times yeah we really go every few years but uh we arrange your plan uh
this year but you know the thing happened so we how to change the yeah. Mhm.
Good good. Yeah.
Are you a mother to
her son?
No?
you'll
be uh California since for long for a long time.
Actually no I'm not a traveling person. Yeah
I I think yeah that's the bet everybody know California. Yeah
yeah.
uh is a
technology center you know? Very good university here. Yeah
uh colleges. Yeah I I think the education so good you know? Uh
Because yeah west coast west coast yeah in California yeah
today that's uh the the lady got the Nobel prize in Chemistry is Berkeley. Yeah
with California. Big research mm.
Oh yeah she's too early to think about that. Yeah. Where
parents will always worry about yeah how we prepare her for college. You know you say you're you're you're not studying hard you know you can't get to go to college okay. You have to do uh Uh huh.
I'm not sure. I'm I'm open I'm very open you know let her decide you know when
Mhm.
Actually now uh she work in a hospital right now so Yeah. Yeah
or she is a nurse. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it's a tough time. Yeah. She kept doing yeah.
mm.
So
yes um she worked with the therapies, she she working in rehab rehab center in the hospital. So that's the last uh stay of the patients in the hospital. Yeah. You know yeah
actually they're they're patient or recovered
when
the last last day you know a few mouth let them can be you know can be a little uh independently when they when the patients get home. So they teaching the, teaching them take care of them the last few months in the hospital. Uh Yeah they have fizzy physical therapies, you know, language therapies, they teach them you know make
them ready for for home for going home. Yeah.
like yeah but she also you know took very clear you know we're all the time where moss you know wash hand. Uh don't uh uh be very careful on everything. Yeah
everything. Yeah.
It okay
she comes home you know get the uh
uniform clothes wash you know. Yeah we do. Mhm.
Very
passionate. Yes.
Mhm.
Have you been picture always? Uh since grand? Yeah.
Uh huh.
You
must
like a case still.
There's
but
definitely definitely you know uh you really. Yeah. Mostly important time of a percent. You know the middle school.
What?
You're loud. Yeah.
Right now
the things
we only you know go to some uh some park, that's the place we can go on weekends are we just walk in and take you know some fresh breasts, you know? Yeah. Uh
huh.
Not
Good
right now is good. The western is nice actually.
Yeah.
Is the is not too hard hard right now. So it's uh it's the best weather right now.
I
I only uh to uh to our drought to Orlando. Yeah.
Mhm.
the camper places.
Yeah. I'm around company. Yeah.
While two RS
uh Yeah before yeah we go to the Disney World. We there's a lot
of uh
parks. Yeah you're a meal, a meal part. Yeah. Union were so yeah Orlando and Seaworld there. Yeah. Yeah.
I
like Orlando. Uh huh.
Yeah,
it's a nice, she's good. Yeah a lot of places you can go yeah way in Temple also has uh Bush garda. Yeah
that's uh oh yeah if you're your son like some you know uh
Yeah
I mean yeah roller coaster side here. Yeah. Bush got Yeah.
Well while two hours Yeah. Between no.
I think they like everything you know. Yeah. Both
of them you were you
know
the water park. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
No we never we never go traveling, we just stay home way we write off, we take actor care you know some we don't want to risk take any risk right now to go anywhere. We just uh uh if we are to
machines
too boring which is uh uh good park to take
a walk, you know there's a lot of water here so you can see everywhere you can see what water. Yeah.
that's thanks. Yeah I think so yeah. Yes.
I um uh I think I feel we have to, you know people need to do busy news you know even though a lot of you know business small business got close, you know my colleague's wife. Yeah he opened you know Barbara shaw. Yeah it has to she has to close her her stuff, you know.
Yeah that's very hard. You know people need to work need to make a living. You have to you can close without doing anything. Uh Nobody can afford, you know I understand uh the government you know they don't want to cause more damage on the business, you know people uh
but we do our own you know precautions, you know washing and uh wear mask uh social distance, that kind of thing. We do our what we can do, you know? I think that's the same. I
don't like everything shut down either, you know annually. Mhm.
lot a lot yeah.
not
outside. Yeah.
what
stop
Yeah.
no no
it's really hard. Yeah we just you know uh I think uh uh everybody take care you know follow the guidance, citing the guys, he's uh how to you know strictly follow the guidance. Uh Yeah.
Oh
but
but you file tell.
Yeah that's nice. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
she got right now she got uh first few weeks it's really hard when the school start, you know especially
um she has a lot of homework
and she gets she she didn't get used to the you know
taking
tests online on the you know uh you know when you do the maths calculation, you need to show the work, you know, uh she got uh
you know, confuse, you know, type those uh Ukrainians, those things, you know, under uh online.
So because it's different than your writing, so the first freeway because I can feel, yeah, she got so very a nervous uh
she didn't do well on tests, the first feel the first test, yeah. Right now getting used, you know, to it and and the teacher also know how to get a test, what to require, you know, that makes things run smooth, quite smooth right now, the first conduct the end uh
Yeah. Oh no, not the we have 4/4 uh
4/4 the first quarter, yeah. Yeah,
my
wife is a night shift, so she's
the actor. Yeah, so that's what that's when she can take care of my daughter. Yeah, would and so basically he around uh around the clock, my wife is really tight. Yeah. No.
It's a hard time. So we have to
But
Well,
Right.
definitely. He was thinking about go back to uh class because she want to meet people, meet her classmates. Yeah.
It didn't you know each other for a lump. You're right. Right. Yeah.
Most.
No, definitely not saying, definitely not same face to face. Yeah. Yeah.
We have getting better I think California well
and ours. Uh I see trained
our state also, you know, coming back I think, you know, the number is down every day. So we are we are happy about that. Yeah.
No.
So
yeah, we hope get everything get back to normal. Yeah.
You uh you used to do uh
and men,
I think probably uh 20 something. Yeah.
Mhm.
You have
20 around 20, basically, half in the class, half, you know? Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. We hope everything get back to normal, slammed. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you, definitely. I will tell you. Can we tell them I talked to uh,
middle school teacher. Yeah.
Yeah. Nice talking with you.
So
with you.
Good.
Good luck. Everything for you. Yeah. Yeah.
Bye bye bye. Bye