Uh huh. Immediately. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Treatment. Okay. Mhm. Mhm.
Well hello?
Well this is my first time doing the this. Mhm.
Yeah I did. Yeah.
Yeah. All right. So where are you from?
North Illinois? Okay. Um I'm currently in Grand rapids michigan but I'm from uh northern Illinois, sub
suburbs of Chicago. Um Do you know where Elgin
is?
That's
Oh is it a pug?
No,
I I heard it though.
Same.
Uh huh What's his name?
Yes then let's go.
No.
Oh. Mhm.
Um pretty good. Um So I'm a student at Calvin University here and uh I'm taking a couple classes over the summer so I decided to move over here also. Um My parents are considered like what's what's the word um at risk individuals for like the virus. So uh
so they kind of just kicked me outside the house over here. I have a couple of housemates. Mhm. Yeah. What's like an Illinois right now? I haven't been there in a month. Yeah,
it's 92 year.
Your car?
Yeah. I actually just had that same like thing happened where even if I was driving fast, feel warm, but then I don't know anything about cars, so I got one of the recharge things and then I just gave it to my house made and he took the look at it and he said that it was fully charged. So I don't know, maybe it's just my car. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm a marketing major uh mainly business marketing, I got a minor in data and analytics. Um But yeah, this is my fourth year. I'm kind of sad about that. I don't really want to graduate. Yes.
Probably something like that. I'm interning at a a Fintech company right now. A startup.
Um Mostly I'm kind of it's a really small company so I'm really doing a little bit of everything so I'll do like a little customer support. I'm doing social media marketing for them. Also couple other things I just started last week. So pretty new. Yeah. Mhm.
Um It's a cash back app. So like when you shop at places you get cash
back
pay P. E. I.
Yeah. Yeah. I assume a lot of people use prolific probably may have decided at some point, you know, involved in a lot. Yeah. What do you do?
Typically
now.
You uh can
you still do that?
You still donate plasma even though the virus isn't actually a good thing, is that if he had like the antibodies you can help people somewhere love it.
That's right.
They are, yeah.
Well,
Okay.
It's
not
like a chain like bio life I heard
about.
Haven't heard that one.
That's pretty good.
I
was
No,
you can
walk
through.
You
could walk there.
Maybe
not. No.
Public.
so
you're like right on the border, wow,
that's
pretty
uh south. What
I feel like I've heard of it, but I but like it had been a very casual hearing of it like
long time ago.
Not
Is Wisconsin the eastern time zone.
Is
that
central?
Okay. That be cool. Kind of like walk 15 minutes one way and be an hour ahead
so not quite. Mm.
Um Probably I like data a lot like big data is pretty cool to me, scares a lot of people but I think it's cool so I'd like to do something bigger with that. I think sales is a little not old or like necessarily boring it's just not I'm that interested in. Exactly.
Yeah. Why is that?
that's good.
my
and
pretty good.
and
interesting. You've got in 12 minutes you think I'm reserved I guess
you're
was I used to be really bad though. Um I got a job at Chipotle that's like my favorite place to eat and
that
that's
like I was mainly a cashier or the person on the line so like a person who would be like what do you what what can I get for you and then you know make their food on the line itself and that that really boosted my uh my non reserved business whatever
you
do
with some crazy people. Yeah So much more outgoing.
That's
good.
All right you're back. Had
a little rougher there
I'm back. Okay
I can't
I can see you. Um mm I don't know if I'm I'm not supposed to refresh the page I'm pretty sure
uh Maybe it'll come back.
I can see you though. Yeah
you said you're talking about guests pump. There's one new one and then put up.
Here
Is very
mad.
Different. Oh
couldn't go out. Oh
man.
Attack.
It's bad.
That's rough. Mhm. Yeah customers. Uh
I think I don't have any great stories.
I'm 21. Okay.
Oh yeah, I went to, I actually went to one not last weekend, but the weekend before the fourth and it was just like the, probably the most popular one in grand rapids. And like we get home and then I checked like my Reddit feed. I spent a lot of time I've read it and um uh the, the first thing I see is on the top of the grand rapids subreddit. The bob which is the bar closed indefinitely due to the coronavirus outbreak on saturday night.
So Yeah, well I went on saturday and
it
was posted
on
sunday. No, it's been a couple of weeks, but I'm also on one of the people who would believe that I have already had coronavirus because I was I got really sick in february. Just right when like, you know everything was starting and I stay home, I miss class for about a week and a half. And then when I went to the hospital to understand like why I'm sick, I mentioned all the symptoms and at the time they weren't even like thinking of it as a possibility. They said, oh, they tested me for strip, they tested me for flu. Both of those were negative. Like, okay, we'll just let nature where do its course it'll go away in a day or two. And they, I think the doctor assumed that I've just started having the symptoms. But now I went in after a week and when I said that they prescribed this thing that did actually nothing for me. And then you know, another week goes by and it's gone. So
for the first few days it was like, especially like when I was trying to sleep. Yeah.
okay.
Uh huh We have no idea what that was to this point. Mhm
I can I have notes.
I was thinking about it actually.
Hello Molecular,
I can read
my lucky
Okay, that's
a little before probably.
Okay. There you go.
It's
I
don't
okay.
Like, wow. 25 minutes fast. Thanks. Well, there's still a few minutes left.
just in case
machine.
I am
Jessica just for the press, it's really nice.
I think I'm on the website now.
I don't see anything just yet, but it looks like they do a lot of different things, so
That might that might actually be a possibly Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Go Yeah. Did he tell you? Oh,
uh my favorite subreddit? Um for a while, it used to be beer money. Our stash their money.
You're on there. I used to make a lot of posts. Like, I'm probably, I don't know, I'm probably one of the top like two posters on that subreddit of all time, but it's just gotten so bad. They delete every post that you can even put on there.
Oh, I wasn't Ahmad. I was very close with the mods. Like I was on that, you know, that referral sticky thread? The very top. I had a referral on there for a very long time and then they removed it cause I stopped posting. I like they deleted all my posts, so. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. So I just stopped posting. I stop wasting my time. But it used to be pretty fun. Get lots of referrals on that subreddit if you can get your post through.
I see it.
They probably wouldn't allow that post these days. They probably say it's not online, that doesn't count.
sure. We'll check.
There
is
a legal person.
Yeah, I see the study actually. I don't know if I may be just like get in.
I look at it.
How did
africa? Yeah, I'm also gonna look into plasma more. I've been thinking about it, but I think you you may have convinced
me a little bit
once. I weigh about 200.
But it
I've given blood before. Just not Plaza.
Oh yeah, they did the double red because I'm o negative, which is pretty good.
Yeah, so negative. So they
sent me lots of emails
every
day. They really want it.
No.
Yeah,
no, I think I'm good.
it's not like a college town because it's pretty big, but there's a lot of colleges in the town.
That makes
sense.
Yeah. Grand rapids. Like the second biggest city in michigan and
No,
I I
got by one. Uh
I drive by one. Actually. Usually when I'm going to like grocery store, it's like five minutes away.
dr yeah, I see you,
it's
That's bringing
Very good. Mhm.
this
is pretty
good.
32.
K. J. And then your pat.
Right.
Yeah. Maybe if they do this again, we'll get matched up again,
you know, it could happen.
Very nice.
All
Do we just close this now? I
think
you just
close it.
I
read it. Yes. All right. Good
bye. Don