Why,
wow, I have a partner that actually showed up for once.
Did you get it through prolific?
the first time I was using Firefox and uh my Firefox wouldn't link up so I saw the other guy but he couldn't see or hear me. I'm using google, I'm using google chrome this time. Yeah, and it seems to work, work fine, so I'm gonna set uh stop watching my phone here for 25 minutes.
Uh Northern Illinois, you?
What part?
What?
Yeah, I was there saturday, pretty much south of there, I was in Aurora but yeah, actually
you can meet my dog, he's ugly, he's ugly, but I love him.
No, no, he's a
brussel,
he's a brussels griffin there uh there are kind of a similar breed to a pug, but pubs usually get kind of chubby, This dude's all all skin and bones man, you'll
be,
griffin,
he's a brussels griffin, my mother got him originally and uh
speaking of original, she's not very original, he's brussels griffin and she decided to name him griffin. Yeah.
Yeah he's he's good stuff though. Yeah. So how are things in grand rapids?
Everybody's parents are.
But
that's about what it is here. Oh yeah actually when I drove for aurora on saturday I thought about friday I thought about getting like a recharge for my a. C. Like refrigerant because the A. C. Doesn't work in my car
but it looks it looks a little too involved so I didn't do it and I drove thank 88 hallway. So even even doing 80 85 miles an hour man it was like it was just like a hot furnace blowing on.
Yeah I think I'm gonna take it somewhere and have it done because yeah
I don't know that it didn't look like my kind of thing. It didn't look like something I want to mess around with. So. So what are you studying?
Mhm. Okay. So are you gonna be going into sales then or sales management?
What what are you doing there?
is the company involved with?
I
don't know what you're talking about. Uh What's the name of it?
I don't think I don't think I've heard of it.
I
don't do anything right now. Right
now. I donate plasma and I do surveys throughout the week. Go figure out. Uh
I used
what's that?
Well, I'm 38 so I'm kind of pushing the age where it's not supposedly to high risk, you know at my age, but I should be hired than you probably. Um And you know, before all this started, even if you don't have antibodies for it, people are still going to need plasma. Um
Before all this started, plasma was money to me donating was it was money to me And now, I mean it still is but I kind of figure out donate more just because people are probably going to need it. Thing that pisses me off is now the place where I donate. Um Yeah, they're pretty much pretty much requiring all of the donors to wear masks, which is fine. I I you know, preferred even before they required it. But now I go in there and most of the employees are wearing masks and that bothers
and know that bothers me. I kind of want to send him uh
kind of want to send him a little angry email. But then I I think do I think the only way to send them an email, I can probably figure out a different way to do it. But I think the only way to send them an email, everybody will know it was me and everybody there knows me. Yeah.
So I don't want it to be like, oh yeah, we're gonna we're gonna stick his arm, he's gonna donate, and then we're gonna go in the back and talk crap about him, you know? Well,
so
we
is. It's actually
Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know it's talking about it's actually CSL um
I've heard of violence, but I'm a plasma donor like two times a week, make 100 bucks a week doing it a little bit over 100 bucks a week doing it, so.
And I I
don't
have reaction stuff like that, you know, some people do. Um I've never had a reaction. I don't feel bad after I do it, so it doesn't bother me. Um Okay. I don't know. Oh, and you know, it's it's maybe a half mile from my house if it was 10 miles from my house, I don't think I'd be so dedicated to it, but it's,
it's literally like a half
mile
from
where I live. Do I walk there? I
have,
I have, it's actually
in
with, its actually in Wisconsin and I live in Illinois and I could walk there in probably about
15 or 20 minutes. So I'm
very,
I'm actually South
Beloit.
I don't know if you've ever heard of that, but
below it,
probably
there's Beloit
with skeleton in South Beloit Illinois. It's different, it's pretty much the same town, but because it's two different states, it's two different municipalities.
No,
we're
central
or central.
Well that's that's directly north. So
So are you going to be like in your job, are you gonna be doing a lot of work with customers or is it gonna be mainly like supervising or data stuff like that?
I I honestly think you'd be better in um the data area, like. No offense, but you seem kind of somewhat reserved.
I mean, I don't think you'd be bad at it, but like you gotta be like extremely peppy. Like I did say I didn't tell us sales, which is nothing compared to what you're going to be into. I didn't tell the sales um for three years selling credit cards and thankfully it was inbound. So people were calling me. They already wanted something generally. Uh
Man, I put on, I put on the biggest facade. I had I had a fake voice. I talked like this all the time. The people,
people, like even my supervisors, they'd be like you have a completely different voice on the phone. But man, I mm no joke, I was one of the best sellers in that place. Like i
if you had above a certain percentage of sales to no sales, you would get like extra extra commission basically a higher commission for a call for sale. And I always had the highest commission per sale. Always um
go ahead. I don't know man, it was it was kind of miserable. I don't know, I I do you know as far as sales goes, that's something that I would like to get into. I think I would be good at it. I I think the number one thing even higher than um you know your attitude, how you come off whatever. I think the number one thing when it comes to sales is product knowledge. Like if you know what you're selling
you can sell it to almost anybody. You know it's good you find what's good and that's what you emphasize basically. Yeah. Mhm.
well
trust me, I've met a lot more reserved people and
what are you
doing
there?
made you a little more.
I'll
go
and stuff like that. Well man, I worked at a gas station for years and I used to have a lot of fun most of the customers um every once in a while you have somebody that had come in and luckily for me, my boss is pretty understanding.
I
had a lady come in one time and we had all new pumps except for 11 of them. It was like the old school one where you had to flip the thing up, you know that the handle sits on still there.
you're
back.
Well now I can't see your picture.
Can you see me still?
that's why I'm not doing it either
hopefully. Yeah.
Well
well all of them were new except for 11 of them had been um he replaced all the pumps except for one but one that he didn't replace had like the flip up you know the thing that the nozzle sits on one of them that he didn't replace still had that and this lady pulled up to it um and put her credit card in. I didn't realize that she needed to flip that thing up. She came in man I was busy. There you are. Okay I was busy. She comes in she waits in line and I already knew because you can tell by looking at the register she was trying to use a credit card. I already knew what the problem was that she didn't flip the thing up ahead and I've not been busy, I would have gone out there and told her you know you need to flip the thing up. Um
But anyway she came in, she waited in line, she gets up to the front of the line and she says yeah you know I put my card in and the gas wouldn't pump and I said okay ma'am, you know that's that's fine. I said already know what happened, you know that one is kind of different, it's like the old pumps, you have to flip the handle up so you know you just need to go back out there, put your card back in and flip that handle up. She says well I already put my card in and I said well I I know that I could see that up here and it's already cancelled out. Um She's got five or six people standing behind her now to said it already cancelled out, it cancels out so that nobody can come in behind you and get your gas if this happens. She says, well I already put my card in and I said ma'am, I understand that. I said all you need to do is go out there and do it again and this time flip that little thing up and so I'm trying to explain this to her, I'm explaining this tour for like three or four minutes and she keeps saying, well I already put my card in. Yeah, well ma'am, I understand that. So after telling her this about five or six times um I just look pastor to the next customer and I said, what can I get for you today? She stops out, goes out there, what I did what I told her she comes back in and she's waiting in line and I'm just kind of sitting there like because I already know she's coming back and uh
to
yell at um but she went back out got her gas comes back and she comes in, she says, what's your name? And I said she says, what's your whole and I said I'm not telling you my whole name. The only path that works here. She says, well I was reporting this, you were very rude to me. I said I put my line on hold. I said Lady did you came in here, You weren't using the pump, right? Said I tried to be nice, I explain to you what you needed to do. You went out there, you got your gas, you know you did exactly what I told you. She said, well you were very rude to me, I will be reporting this. And and
and I told her, you know, I would have gladly come out there and helped you, but I got people in here, I'm not leaving the store unattended, you know, I'm sure you would have it and went back out there. So I always try to like be preemptive about it and if something like that happened, I would tell my boss about it before somebody else could. So you come next day um and I told him about it and told him you know exactly what I just told you and he says uh well if she calls me, I'll tell her you only got one leg. So. Yeah.
Yeah and you know
he man the guy was a jerk, like he treated all the women that worked there, He treated him like crap
because I was a guy kind of got better treatment and I knew that but I wasn't
gonna bring it up to him because then I'd be getting treated like crap too. But Oh
the Public Health nine.
Yeah. The 99th. While you're young too though. So how old are you?
God wow. Can you tell you go out to the bars a lot?
Mhm. Made it just in time.
You didn't get
picked,
did
you?
Were you having trouble breathing?
Um You know I kind of doubt that you did. It was february. I'm going to go get something that might might be abused to you. I'll keep talking um
Justice.
Uh huh. You got to put a piece of paper? Yeah.
I'm not sure if this will give you enough information to do it. But like I said, I do a lot of surveys and stuff. One of them was a company that wanted to uh have people tested for antibodies. So
can you see that? Is it backwards
molecular
techniques?
And I'm not sure if that's the actual company that sent it to me, but they ended up sending me a little thing. You basically do a finger stick, put five spots of blood on this thing and you sent it to him. I still haven't gotten the results back yet and I actually didn't um yeah, didn't test myself because I am 99.9% sure that I haven't had it. What do you think he had it in january?
Which
yeah, I mean it's it's more likely that you had it than him. Um But he I basically told him dude, no, you didn't have it. Yeah. He actually went and they tested him for flu and he came up positive for influenza B. But
but he I don't know, he's pretty easy to convince. So he gets in his own head and he's it's easy for him to convince himself. He thinks he had in both at the same time. But yeah, like you said it was a little hole for it. So I brought it up to him a few times and when I got this test instead of testing myself we used his blood and sent it. So I haven't gotten falls back yet. But oh this is him right here
and
I'm doing
video a couple.
Yeah.
Yeah 22 minutes 20 seconds. And I think I started probably like 30 seconds and we'll give them 25 minutes and 30 seconds the case they s they decided to subtract that time that you are missing from my from my side.
You
never know. Um But yeah, we sent that in um and when they do get it, I'm supposed to get a $20 amazon gift card I believe. I think they already sent
five gallon point so that's cool. But
Yeah I mean it it was it was a survey that I did. I think I got like a probably the buck buck and I have to do the survey. Um And it was easy questions they sent me that. Um I've sent it back in. I haven't gotten the results yet but but yeah if you google that you might be able to have them send you uh
are you okay?
Um And it may not, you know, let me check my email real quick but because it may not it may have been a different company doing it through molecular testing labs.
What? Yeah it's from a while ago. So it'll take,
so, what's your favorite subreddit?
Yeah, I'm on there,
I was gonna say if you're a mod there, you might you might have banned one of my user names.
Yeah. Yeah, they seemed like uh 40 0 Germans, they're kind of
I you know, the only thing that I ever posted on there, it may have gotten me um like referral money was my donor number for donating plasma, and I basically
I basically wrote something up um like, you know, what what's good about it? What about it? Like what to expect? Uh
you know, they didn't as far as I know, they didn't delete it, and I tracked it because they've got quite a few up votes there, which a lot of stuff doesn't really get a whole lot of up votes on that stuff, but uh
it did, it did and I got quite a few responses and you know, at least for a few days, they didn't delete it, but after a few days I didn't really check on it anymore either. Pretty sure
that I didn't
didn't
I'm pretty sure that nobody um used my referral number because I probably would have seen that they have been notified about that. But Alright, it's called the program itself is called chasing Covid cohort. So like chasing like you chase the bad guy Covid.
I don't know either.
I actually I actually called for information a couple weeks ago and she said at the time that they had reopened. Um not referrals but applications, not really. Even application is basically just signing up for it or whatever. Um But that was probably two or three weeks ago, so, but something worth
trying.
How
how much do you weigh?
How tall are you?
Yeah, I am. I'm pretty heavy. I mean I'm not like get around but I'm tall. I'm not skinny. Um And I like I said, I've never had a reaction. If you do well, if you start feeling light headed or if you start getting tunnel vision, if you start feeling nauseous at all, um let somebody know right away. Because I've seen people, I've seen people there with their eyes open with the needle in their arm. Like it turns out they're blacked out and they'll start with the needle and start like touching their face. Yeah.
Did you do all right? Given blood?
Okay. Right. Either a positive or negatives. Universal one. Right?
well,
I
bet
they should they should be paying you for that man. Um If you have donated blood in the last, I think it's like four. I think it's eight weeks.
You can't donate asthma. Um,
you had any tattoos I think within the last six months, can't donate plasma.
make sure I'd call and just ask them what you need to bring before you do it. Um, Are you in a college town? I'm kind of guessing your art.
You
said
grand rapids or?
I hate to. Well, if it's the second biggest, is there a lower income part of that town? That's probably where you'll find the plasma center? I
hate
to.
What's that?
Well boy is kind of a lower income city where the plasma center is actually isn't that bad. You get you get some people in there that you can kind of tell. Like I hate to be like, you know, like it's obviously lower income people, you know, But
but no, I mean it's it's good money, man. I mean it's four or five grand year if you donate four or eight times a month. You know, sometimes you can donate up
to 10 times a month, depending on when the weeks fall. But um, and I would also,
I would also look into, you know, if there's more than one plasma center in your town, call each one and see which one uh hey is the best. But another thing I want to do is, I don't know if they have uh like yelp for plasma donation centers, but you also will want to look up and see like how long wait times are because like you, I'm sure you've heard of Rockford Illinois right? I know yet. Um, I'm actually about 15 minutes north of that. And there is one plasma center in Rockford that I've just heard horror stories about staff, the queen or cleanly, You know when it comes to medical stuff and um people wait two or three hours to donate the one that I go to. You walk in, you get your pre screening and you're usually on the donor floor and stuck within 15 minutes of walking in the front door. And it usually takes about, it usually takes me about 45 50 minutes to bleed and have them put the blood back and then uh and then you're done. Um
And I actually usually take a little bit longer than most people. So I mean there's a good chance that take um 35 45 minutes. Probably an hour tops. The first time you go in it's gonna be longer because they give you a physical and it's just you know all the basically it's like going to a doctor for the first time. They just gotta check y'all give you all the information and stuff. But Alright man. It's been fun talking. We
gave
him 30.
We gave him 3rd
32 was what's your name again?
I think I ever got your name, KJ. Yeah. Well,
it was good talking to you.
Probably not. But a
You're all right. Sock you so
man.
So I don't know.
I
don't
know.
I think
so.
man.