Yeah. Hello? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. In the world. Oh thanks. Mhm. Uh huh. Don't know. Don't don't don't don't don't don't what? You don't like it, don't you turn it you know? Uh Oh shit. Oh yes. Mhm. What? Yeah. Back. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm trying. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello? Mhm.
Okay.
Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hey what's going on?
Uh Sorry I tried to do this a few days ago and the other person didn't even show up so like I didn't even get to it
like Wednesday. Something like that. 28.
I don't know. Yeah. I just signed up for this prolific like survey deal the other day. Just Bernie. I mean I'm I'm out of work right now so like yeah
no
reason to just you know, sit watch Tv if I can just you know make a little
money.
Yeah I think so. I've only made like 15 in like a week but I'm not on it all the time either you know. So
it minds minds strange man. I'm uh I work for Disney down here in florida like Disney world at the ESPN
sports complex. Um
So like we were put on furlough from like april two and then I got a call in mid june saying hey come back to work so I came back to work for like three
weeks
and I
helped set up like get ready for like the N. B. A. And Major league soccer stuff and uh I worked a little bit of that and then I've got some health restrictions and they told me that they could no longer accommodate my health restrictions like carrying a certain amount of weight, stuff like that. And uh so they put me on a medical leave of absence until I could have surgery in a couple of months and uh
you know.
But
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's the good thing about it, like I'm still employed so they have to save
my job. Um But the team that would normally find like something else for me to do, like another job uh to accommodate my uh like I got to walk with a cane and stuff right now. Uh
the team that would normally do that is still on furlough, so like there's nothing they can put me
in,
but because I was still in the unemployment system from when I was laid off, I was able to jump back on and start collecting again. So
and I was able to sign up for a like Social Security disability because I'm out of work because of disability. Um but I'm not sure where you're from, but ah
oh so you're from the stakes so you know how like slow of a process stuff like that can be so I won't hear back from them for like another month. So
but
at least I'm
getting, you know, it's hard. What part of new york you from?
Oh the city? Okay. I've got a real good friend from Nassau County, Long Island. Uh I'm originally from Arkansas but I've lived in Orlando area for 15
years.
I like it man, I can't can't beat the weather man. So.
Yeah, but it's it's gonna hit like the coast, so I've
only seen in like 14 years, I've been here, I've been through like three so
Bill,
it's something. Yeah. Uh but none of them were so bad that like electricity was out for like two days. Not not
crazy.
I'm not too crazy though.
Believe. Oh,
in the video.
No, I'll check it out. I'm looking at different ways to supplement income and stuff, but uh I mean things are going good so far, like.
Yeah, I've got a friend that does him, he turned me onto prolific. Um But he does one called user testing to
sometimes. Yeah.
you
missed
some of the questions that were testing if you were paying attention to stuff.
I know. It's me. I
so on the user testing, I tried to uh plot for it, but it was on my old computer and the web cam and the audio wasn't very good. So it didn't it didn't accept my trial.
So like, it kicked me out and said that I didn't qualify, So now that I've got this new uh
pad, like I'm going to try it again. So.
But
I need to just make sure I don't like,
like I speak clearly. I don't like rush through it and stuff.
No, no, for sure. Yeah. It's definitely a way to make some cash. Um That buddy that turned me on to these, he actually he's done it so long that sometimes he drives
to different sites like Tampa and stuff, different companies doing surveys. And uh
for like he'll
drive there which is like a 45 minute drive. He'll stay for like an hour or two to do some kind of a product testing. And he'll make like $250, you know?
I'm just, you know, looking at different stuff. You know? Like I said, if I if I'm able to draw the unemployment and stuff I'm I'm actually making as long as they're doing that federal money you know I'm making more than I was before you know
bit.
But still I've got to start uh since I'm on a medical leave of absence and not getting paid from the company um Starting in september I've got to start paying for my own health insurance
so like I don't lose it but I've got to start sending Disney a check
for what it would cost me monthly for health insurance
so Which I mean
not crazy it's like $66 a week which if I'm having surgery in october it's not like I can slack on that I got to make sure stay up with
you
know.
Yeah that's surgery in January two. I had brain surgery so um.
What's that?
it
went good. Um Yeah and
I got better see what happened to me was a couple of years ago my left foot started to drag a little bit like I would stump my toe and come to find out I had pressure on my brain. Um That had been there for over 20 years from a surgery I had when I was a kid but like it never bothered me and I've been playing sports, I've been running like half marathons, five K's and
it
was fine.
I mean I had a stroke when I was a kid because of some complications with the surgery but I got over it and I've been playing basketball,
football, baseball you know. Um
But then in May of 2017 I was at a comic book convention and like my legs started shaking and stuff and come to find out the pressure got
to be
too much. So it started making my left leg and my left arm get real tight and
uh So I had the surgery in February two like drain the fluid and uh that got right rid of like the root problem, you know the root cause of what happened but like the lingering effects are still there so I'm having something called a back lifting pump put in in october it it'll pump muscle relaxer to my arm and leg like into my spine and stuff. So uh so that's kind of where I'm at on that right now.
What's that?
a and a foot brake here
I
hope not man, the goal is full recovery you know? Uh I won't I won't be happy till I'm out like running again. I was, before this happened I was going to start training for like a tough mudder and like warrior dashes and stuff. Mhm
um I don't know if you're familiar with those where like it's like a race with obstacle courses and stuff. Yeah,
light through the mud and stuff like that. Yeah, a lot, there's a down here in central
florida,
there's a lot of races like that are there used to be back when the world was normal, you know? But uh but
but now, you know, uh so I'm gonna be happy until I'm able to like play basketball again and stuff like that. Yeah, but I mean I'll get there. Mhm.
Do what?
Oh no, no, it's but yeah, no that's it, I'm just saying, you know, I'll get there, you know, the goal is to be rid of the cane and stuff like that, so Mhm Hopefully.
man, it's crazy down here, but it's also it's tough to know what to believe on some of them like but like my family's in Arkansas and uh my mom's got a friend who's dad died of a heart attack But it got road up is COVID-19 because the hospital
gets more money if it's COVID-19. So and
there
was
yeah, it's crazy.
Yeah, I know somebody's friend down here died
in a car accident
And
they put on the death certificate, COVID-19 so right.
Yeah. You know so like you don't know what to believe but but for real though you're right the cases down here, they just blew up when everything started opening back up, it just blew up. Mhm
I think, I think places like walmart and publix
down here like did a really bad job because they didn't start making masks mandatory until like three
weeks ago. Yeah, like why didn't you start making mass mandatory back in like april,
you know? So mhm
now
to
many
places down here, like they might put a sign up, but they didn't enforce it, you know? And if you don't tell people, like people are going to try and get naturally, people are going to try and get away with like whatever they can, that's just what people do, you know? So
No,
nobody
wants to do. Mhm.
Yeah, suck it up, you know? So yeah,
what
did you do during uh during the quarantine and stuff, What have you been up to?
I'm sorry man, I never even asked you what your name was, what's your name?
Nicholas?
I'm glenn
glenn
lands
there and so born and raised
in new york
family family, all in new york too.
what kind?
like Trinidad
and
Tobago.
I, my whole family's in Arkansas.
No. Yeah, I mean it's a 16 hour drive but two
hour
flight,
not
that, but uh I always go home for christmas, you know? Uh and I always fly, but like my grandfather's 86, my great aunt is like 88. Uh like I don't want to go to an airport and like catch something.
So
I'm I'm really thinking about like driving home for the first time ever, like 16, 17 hour drive, but like it's worth it if you know, be safe, you know? So
yeah, I've got a I drive a Silverado so it won't
be cheap. But Yes,
Yeah, it's it's $40 to fill up, but like
that
ain't,
that
ain't crazy though, you know? So
yeah, not too big. I mean it's, I've just, I've driven a truck since I was in like high school and uh
yeah and I'm the I'm the friend that like always helps people move so like I'm the reason like not that I have a lot of friends that move and stuff but like I like being the guy that keeps you from having to rent a U. Haul, you know just throw it all in
the back of my truck and we'll
take
you wherever you need to go, you know? So
Yeah it's not too bad but uh yeah but
do you travel?
I'm sorry what's that?
it's
it's pretty country. Yeah we
like some people think of it as like the midwest but
we
see it as the south. It's it's
it's it's below the mason Dixon. So um I don't know man it's a lot of it's a lot of, you know like just when you think of the south, as far as like a lot of fields
and
like livestock, you know, we've got cows, we've got horses. Uh,
but we've also got a lot of crops. We've got a cotton corn
watermelon to my
county, where
I'm from is known for our tomatoes. So like we ship tomatoes all around the world from like my county. Uh, in fact, my county host what they called the Bradley County pink tomato festival every year. So
No, no. In fact, I always go home for it, but I didn't get to, so, so I haven't been home since last christmas, so
it's
tough.
But like my mom and my step dad and my dad and my step mom all came down from my surgery in february. So like I got to see them
and I talked to my grandfather like four or 5 times a week, you know, just checking on him.
My family's real close. I don't have any brothers or sisters but I've got cousins that and we're we all grew up
like on the same piece
of land, you know like 40 acres. And like across the
field
is my cousin and my aunt and uncle to the left is my grandma and grandpa to the right was my
great grandma and grandpa. So like we're all right
there. Yeah,
of land
man. Yeah. I grew up on 40 acres
and my dad Um his places on 250. So.
Yeah. And and then I moved down here to florida where everybody lives like right on top of each other, you know?
Well it makes you wonder why people chose to live so close to each other when they were like building these cities and stuff. But like, I
mean
it's
all because of business though, you know, all
these
companies popped up in new york
or Chicago or wherever and they wanted people that are gonna be working in those companies to live like right there, you know what I mean? So
yeah, like they build the buildings and then they charge people to come work in the buildings by basically
making them buy houses and apartments that are part of the buildings that they're going to go working. You know what I mean? It's kind of like, it's almost like with Disney where, you know, Disney pays you, they don't pay great, but they pay okay depending on what you do. But they give you all these parks like, hey, but you can go to the theme parks for free, well what are you gonna do at the theme parks? You're going to spend money? Like the money you got paid by Disney, you're gonna turn around give it right back to Disney, you know? So
yeah, I don't know
man, there's people that work here for the company, the only reason they work here is so they can go to the theme parks like with their family and stuff. But I'm like I tell people all the time, like if you leave Disney that means you're gonna make more money and then you can just buy annual pass and you can go whenever you want. Like so don't let this love of the theme parks and stuff
keep you from
wanting to better yourself and get a better job, you know? So I've got so many friends that have left the company and like none of them, like none of them are making less money, you know what I mean? So but money's money is not everything, you know what I mean? So.
Yeah. That's why I tell people all the time you're never going to look back at your life and be like man, I wish I worked more, you know? Yeah,
so you know, that's why it's so important like
if
you're if you're making enough to get by and plus some to enjoy, you know, life in general, like don't stress
yourself out just do something you enjoy doing, you know? So Um I was a I was a resort manager for like three years and I did like they had me doing like third shift some and uh turning right around and coming back in
like
eight
hours later and doing like a second, you know, and it's just
I got out of it man, I went back to the sports complex to do something, you know, work with all these events that you know, I just enjoy doing, you know, not as much money but
I'm happier
like
no
for real.
Yeah, so I just I just got out of it and was like I'm going to go back to doing something I enjoy because at the end of the day if you're going to do a job that you enjoy, like you're going to be less stressed if you're less stress you're going to live longer and you're going to make that money
back
anyway if that's your main goal, you know?
I mean I'm not gonna lie, I might not be the first one in line but like I mean
you gotta take it. I think so.
Yeah. So I don't know, I don't know what the deal is with all that but we'll see man. Mhm.
You too man. Good
luck with your new job and all that to me. Yeah,
appreciate
you man. Yeah again my name was Glen G L E N N. Uh Lansdale, L A N S D A L. E. If you want to hit me up on facebook or something man, we hit me up. I mean that'd be cool
but us No I don't do instead. No I barely I barely
get on facebook.
it's all right man but that's cool hey it was really cool talking to you though and
good luck with
everything
man.
you man,
I appreciate it man.
Be
praying
for
me, I appreciate that. Mhm Yeah
take it easy. A
what do you think, what kind
of questions do you think they're gonna ask on this thing?
the
questions are already available, right,
Alright man,
well I'll get off here and we'll check
that out, man.
Hey, good talking to you man,
so you like,