appreciate it. Okay, fine.
mm.
Couldn't Mhm
mm.
Uh huh.
nothing much. Um I was trying to get it to work. Was acting up for a little bit.
Um onto what did did you try to do it?
mm. No. Yeah, me too. Don't understand. That's weird.
I know exactly how
I feel.
Time
yeah. With prolific you could probably make like a good like $100 extra a month.
Yeah. So you've been you've been collecting unemployment I'm guessing? Yeah.
Thank you.
yeah.
It's
just
that.
What,
so what we
used to take your job?
Thank you.
Mhm.
You
know? But yeah. Now what did they do?
Okay. Well, I mean at least that's the best benefit of it I hope.
I'm from new york, so
I
hope
me.
Uh New york city. Yeah.
How
do you like there?
Yeah, german prepared for the hurricane coming.
So.
Oh, that's, it's
still bad.
It's
not too bad. Um
I was gonna recommend the website like since you said that you're out of work, it's called Nevo dot ai, I'm not sure.
Yeah. Well, it's called, well, Nevo defined crowd then
No N E. O. And then define crowd. It's normally like A I. Technology would have to speak your like validate transcriptions I made like crying like a few $100 offer them. So I feel like it's probably better for you.
Yes. Service too bad.
Yeah, I did that. But the thing is that for me, my ratings were down like basically they give you a rating system like one star to five stars. So the higher rating system that more tests that you would get. And lower basically the last test you would get basically probably mean like over $2,000 with them. But the thing is that my the thing is that I I you know, I'm guessing like I'm pretty sure you I'm not sure if you might have done this before but never like rushed through a survey or take a quarter
sometimes right? Like you know just like it's like okay, well it's a long survey. You know, just get through with it whatever. Right? Right? Sometimes you answer some questions like,
you
know.
Well not well not necessarily that but just like rushing through it and just answering whatever sometimes. Yeah.
That's soap.
So uh
Beauty.
Yeah. Give it a shot
and just. Mhm.
Thank you.
Yeah. And I guess like for for user testing definitely answer the questions honestly because um I mean majority of times like let me give you a what screen here. But the thing is that maybe it might not fit to your, I'm guessing like your you might not fit their needs. So sometimes they'll deny you which is bound to happen Pretty sure it has to happen to everybody. But there's probably gonna be the test that you're gonna get. So their tests would qualify from $10 to $30 to 60. So like $10 or more majority like short sometimes they're long $30 a half an hour. And then sixties our so basically you like if you were to do a test for like 60 $60.1 hour, you're paid more than many childs out there for sure.
The community,
Okay.
Ready.
Yeah. I did something like that in person as well. I did I did it for a few companies and there's this it's called respondent to Ohio. Mhm. Yeah. That's one of them. It's called responded to Ohio. That's the one that I know of that basically it was like filter your what you do right? And then um they were basically like you know if you get through the survey then for sure you'll go through it. No.
Yeah. That's a lot of people
on this.
Thank you,
Mhm.
What
Rescue.
Because
it
possibly way more anyways. Yeah.
Hi Miko.
No. How did it go?
Like
what?
So it's like you have life like normal and
didn't
know.
competitive.
Yeah.
You have
reason
well,
Mhm. So you know how you said that your you had to use a cane or for assistance? Right?
You know how you said you had to use a cane for assistance? Okay.
So, like after you get the surgery and I'm guessing like once you recovering stuff, but you still have to use that,
or
But
Okay.
Thank
you.
thank you.
No, I'm not finished.
No finish finish. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Mhm. Yeah. I was gonna say I've noticed like in florida cases are going up insanely fast. Okay.
Thank you.
I
think
that because now there's anything,
anything of hers,
what are
you talking
about
now? It doesn't make any sense.
What to me personally, what I've noticed though is like florida, they just, they just been slacking the whole entire time. Like people are going outside of its normal, like literally I feel like people are living a normal life before, even when this whole thing is going on, people were just like living a normal life. It's like when you look at the news, you see people at beaches, packed beaches. Like pressure. They are under itself is part palm beach. All that. It's like, it doesn't make sense because it's like how is it that you're going to go there right? Knowing that there's a whole plant that was going on. If you still want to be out there rescue yourself like a retard. It doesn't make any sense
having
recent.
Especially with
the government, I think there's like a whole government mandate and everything, so it's like,
I
don't
know.
Especially when you wear a mask, nobody wants to wear that. I
think I think
it's suffering.
So Yeah.
I
don't know.
Uh to be honest with you, I was still working, we're just like going to a week. Um right now my job is about to come to closing, so they're going to close on october so I deliver packages for like the third party amazon company. So basically what I've been doing right was I had a job at a grocery store and basically it was basically way how it worked was that I could it's a flexible gig so I could pick up shifts and go there and work. But the thing is that I didn't go there for 34 months and then they fired me because of the termination system because you have to do three shifts a month. So I didn't go because the thing is that people were getting the virus there and they announced it on text messages. So I was like you know what I'm talking for myself in that environment. So I was like it was like all right, well I lost that job. Just a job, what am I gonna do? Right so this job that I have right now they're going to come to the closing so I'm going to go back to the same grocery store that I was working at. Just do the delivery system of it because I was like picking and packing groceries for it to be delivered. So
the middle is what's
your name?
Miss me Glenn, you're
doing
great.
No.
Oh yeah, I've been in my whole life honestly.
Majority of them, I mean then the rest of them are in another country. Thank you.
Yeah, true. That right by Venezuela like yeah,
off the
cup.
Yeah. Off the coast of Venezuela. Very thick. Yeah.
Well, I mean at least they're not too far away.
How far
is the way?
But it's not too bad. two
hours.
And then brisket
and going
Yeah. It definitely would be right there. The only thing is that definitely not to make sure that your car is efficient and everything to go up there.
All
Yeah. That's poppy.
I don't think that's super
bad
I
guess.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I know what you mean, So like we like big like you, I'm guessing like probably like big trucks.
guessing like you're used to that,
shit,
Make things
easier.
Yeah. Yeah. Plus if you gotta help, if you got to do a toe even better too.
Arkansas
even stuff, right?
Arkansas is like the countryside and stuff, right? Like it's a lot of
country.
Yeah,
Thank
you.
Yeah, still that quickly, right?
It might
be
Thank you.
thank you.
Thank
you.
But I'm guessing it into this area.
wow. I guess something must like it must be pretty down
because it's
like
Yeah, well, that's good.
Yeah, yeah, at least to keep close contact, which is good.
Together.
So
you
can do,
you
know?
And I'm guessing like you also had like just like a lot of space growing up. I'm guessing
that
it is.
wow, that's crazy.
Yeah. Honestly, I'm not gonna lie. Like I hate that, I hate living so close to people, especially like when you have annoying neighbors because the thing is that what was um not too long, but I went to Niagara Falls and driving up there. You can see how much space people have because like when you go up to one, so basically what I've noticed like right is that when you look at the United States map and if you zoom in close and like apple maps or something and then google maps, you see a lot of green. There's a like, I think people don't notice that there's actually a lot of like a country in America.
I
don't
know.
max
Manhattan.
Very.
and then charge them higher. Right
Hey.
Those opinions I appreciate all the time while you want to go see it on your downtime
so.
Bring
it go.
Yeah, definitely. Is that everything? But I feel like money definitely isn't everything. But the thing is that with money I feel like um for many people um there's a financial stress like how especially in America because they have to live paycheck to paycheck. So like I feel like people who were collecting the unemployment right now they're taking an advantage of this. Some people are at least because the thing is that they're making more so it's like I'm guessing it's just financial stressor that was on their head that basically um was relieved then because it's like Some people have worked have to work 5060 hours just to make the same amount of money after taxes. So it's like stuff like this is hard. Just you just never think that okay, well we're gonna go in through a global pandemic and you're about to lose everything if you once loved your body regret everything that you did you didn't do before. Yeah.
What it
I
figured out.
Help.
People
like
that.
Very easy.
New
studies
available and prolific. Yeah. You're saying it makes you happy. If it makes you happy
then
I feel like you're sitting let it hold you back.
Just
kidding.
Yeah. It is. I could say, I don't know. I just hope that things like work out because I don't even know if they're going to get a vaccine stone and even if they do, people don't even want to take it because it's a new vaccine.
I'll see.
I'll take it. But the thing is that I'm only going to take it once. I see other people taking in and nothing really much of a downside of them.
Yeah. No, I hope this things work out.
Thanks.
Um, I hope that the surgery goes well and you know, you
get to florida.
Yeah. Your instagram
up
because I would have facebook with my face time ago. Yeah.
You
talk
it
seem to you. I hope things work out and you have full recovery and about
that
in part
that
these
gloves.
All
I want you
to.
Yeah. Oh, I guess. I'm not sure. Probably just asking if you have like a flowing conversation. Cause I was just looking at that. Actually. I just went through with that. That's that's
like
uh once you click through it, once you hit the next button and then answer. Yeah. Mhm.
All
All
right. We'll see you glenn.
It's
hard.