SPEAKER_R: So can you hear me okay. Perfect, So I guess we should be chatting for about 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: I think so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. First off I'm, my name is Kimberly,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I'm Krista
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. Crystal. What part
SPEAKER_L: timing
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: chip
SPEAKER_R: where you based at
SPEAKER_L: pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania, wow, okay. So you're East Coast? I'm a little bit on the west coast in Arizona. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've flown through there, that's about the extent
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been have I been to pennsylvania?
SPEAKER_L: my whole I've been here my whole life
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so where's the Poconos?
SPEAKER_L: northeast of where I live.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so my grandmother and my aunt lived in the Poconos and I visited once. This was years ago. So I have
SPEAKER_L: It's a
SPEAKER_R: I guess
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I have been.
SPEAKER_L: nice um My I don't know I said my uncle, my maternal and her husband is from up in that area. So cool country
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and yeah they nobody lives there anymore but they they
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: left their family left the area just because.
SPEAKER_R: from your family? Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know that the area up there, I mean I was up there a couple of years ago, my husband and I went up there away on a weekend. I've never been there even though it's not that far away, it's just one of those I went there I think in high school because my grandfather's ex wife had a timeshare, So we went there for Thanksgiving one year, but it was just because people were coming in and it was easier then people having to pay for their own place. So she just got a place up in the Poconos. It was very nice. Um,
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it was, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I was much younger so I don't really remember everything, I just remember a lot of snow.
SPEAKER_L: it does, it does. No, um, it's quite, quite a, quite a significant amount. So I'm not a snow fan. I live in the wrong climate.
SPEAKER_R: Uh you know I've contemplated a couple times like I've been to new york, I've been to New Jersey um for work, so it wasn't the same, I've been to new york just for leisure and it was all during cold parts of the year and I was like I'd love I love the ambience of the East coast, I love the culture of the East Coast, the food and everything is great. But that cold weather, I don't know, it's just been very difficult for me to even consider living in living somewhere cold.
SPEAKER_L: I'm, I'm uh, you know, I want to move south, probably the carol north Carolina. And once my kids are done with school and head south because I'm I live in, my brother and sister in law, lived in Philly and just didn't like it. They, the cost of living is ridiculous. And they just, my brother was an architect and he just couldn't mesh with everybody is in your face. And it's just, he's like, this is not how I want to raise my kids, this is not. So it's, they picked up and moved two years ago and they took a chance and a leap of faith and I knew
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: my daughter and I just went down to visit on the weekend before last and I just bought a big house and they love it. They said it's just it's, you know, and I know that's we want to end up there some way, but it's, you know, with work, there's certain things have to happen before you. You can't just always pick up and move if life really that easy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, especially with everything going on right now,
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: it's certain because it's like you have to consider okay if I change occupation or I changed jobs,
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: what's going to happen down the road is something going to cause this whole thing to start up again and then you're left trying to figure out, you know how to make ends meet. It's it's just everything's really uncertain, like that's
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: the best way I can explain it.
SPEAKER_L: it's life has taken, this last year has been, I can't, it's one, it's like anything you can think of that could possibly happen has happened. The things that you didn't even know existed in this world. If we get zombies on, you know, like december 31st at midnight.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: been,
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: it started,
SPEAKER_L: plausibility.
SPEAKER_R: it started it went from, what was it? The hornets, the,
SPEAKER_L: Murder hornets.
SPEAKER_R: the murder hornets, Then they have these new um I don't think they're new, but I think they've been around, but they've kind of increased the caterpillars. Have you seen the hairy caterpillars?
SPEAKER_L: there's some here that they get before like uh well they get them they're supposed to be indications of winter or something like how bad it will be.
SPEAKER_R: See we've never seen those out here and now they're, they're out here, they kind of look like mohawks, little
SPEAKER_L: Yes they're not
SPEAKER_R: mohawk.
SPEAKER_L: native, those aren't native to. Pretty sure.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I I forget what it's like. The butterfly, the monitor, their woolly woolly, we call them the fuzzy woolly caterpillars out here. You don't
SPEAKER_R: see,
SPEAKER_L: see them much but that's how usually you tell how the winner will be like there's a whole guide. I don't usually pay much attention but they say it helps determine if it's gonna be really cold like or it'll be mild because I guess it depends upon how their patterns which
SPEAKER_R: move,
SPEAKER_L: is interesting.
SPEAKER_R: That is interesting. And of all
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: years, 2020, of course they have
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: to come
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: through they put some merit in it. I personally don't but but it
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: is it's interesting because the natural world is um it is it's different. My dad's a fisherman and he, there's a river here that's got, yeah, some chinese thing in it, that some sort of fish thing that's been causing like killing everything. And he was talking about that and I was like, I don't know. So because my son, he was taking my son fishing. Um, well he couldn't go last week cause that's stupid hurricane they got, you know, it was writing, it was raining here sunday. So, but yeah, it's, it's it's interesting you you hear the stuff because I mean from what you guys have in Arizona to here is pretty different. The client. I mean it's already in the fifties blows.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. So today, let me look at the temperatures, I want to say we're in the 90s.
SPEAKER_L: Well I like, I like the warm weather. So for me that's, I don't mind it. I was kind of disappointed when I went to north Carolina that it was just like, I was like really, really
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I can't.
SPEAKER_R: I take that back, it's 100° where I am, I'm in Queen Creek Arizona which is east southeast of Arizona and it's 100 degrees. So we we have, we we don't really expect like it was, I was telling my kids I was like it's fall but it still feels like summer in Arizona. So we're still
SPEAKER_L: My grandfather
SPEAKER_R: wearing shorts
SPEAKER_L: lived
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: in,
SPEAKER_R: flip flops.
SPEAKER_L: my grandfather lived in palm springs California
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So very
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: similar.
SPEAKER_L: visited. That was interesting. Yeah, I spent two weeks with him after I finished high school years and years ago and it was very, and then they left because they were like, what's too hot here? Like, well you moved the freaking desert, what do you expect?
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: So they moved to saint George Utah, which I guess wasn't different from about 10 degrees because the way the jet stream cuts off the area. But he liked the dry climate. Like he really used from Pittsburgh originally, so that's a pretty drastic. Um But yes, he got older, he was one of those, he didn't care for the cold. Like he, uh, he, he liked the southwest and living, you know, he definitely, he, that was, I think one thing he was happy when he left. well I live in like the Harrisburg area, which is you know the capital of the state. So we get we're kind of similar to Baltimore like weather wise but minus a couple degrees were pretty pretty consistent with them and anymore I mean the climate's changed dramatically from
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what I remember.
SPEAKER_R: was actually, I was actually looking at some articles um Because we're kind of looking at relocating as well, just just somewhere different. Probably it's gonna stay south, you know, in the nice work areas. But I saw so many like when it's a top 10 cities or whatever in the Pennsylvania
SPEAKER_L: Including
SPEAKER_R: had numerous cities on there
SPEAKER_L: they do,
SPEAKER_R: and you know, you sometimes the east Coast gets a bad rap for things like
SPEAKER_L: you do
SPEAKER_R: that of the location. But then what I think of is you probably have a lot of towns that are still close in it that are still very like founded foundational because that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: part of the United
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: States is where you know, people have been there. It's not one of those areas where you're just moving around like new york is, but I would
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: think that pennsylvania is like if you're from there, you're from there, you stay there, you you have family there kind of things like that.
SPEAKER_L: There's a there's been a big diaspora from, you know what the young people are leaving that the thing that is bad here is the taxes. Um My brother and I and I were comparing like what I pay on my house to what he pays on his, what does he have? 3/4 of an acre, like this is depressing and it was about the same For his 4000 square foot house like and I'm just like this is, it's the tax structure here is wacko. Um I mean even my parents, my parents are, my mom's not retired yet. My dad is but he, I don't know if they would ever leave. That's it. I don't know. That's a, that would be, I know my in laws will move because they're from my husband's side. The families all from Illinois in Illinois is like insanely expensive, insane and they don't and there there's nothing to go back to. There's nobody there other than just you know family nobody is close to. So that was like rural form America. It was just not, it's poor, there's nothing there. I mean, yeah, you could buy a how you could build a crazy house for 100 and 50 K. But where are you going to work? And what are you
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: unless you're
SPEAKER_R: the crime,
SPEAKER_L: farmer?
SPEAKER_R: a lot of crimes for has been going on in Chicago to like I used to work for Northern Trust which is headquartered in Chicago. Most people here in Northern Trust are like, I've never heard of it, but I guess, you know, working for them and so I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I hear mix things because I think it's more so inner city, you know, a crime
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: then you have
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: suburbs. So you know, I guess it all depends on where you're from.
SPEAKER_L: I think the even here um theft is and I'm on the outskirts of the city like I'm not I mean downtown if I drove seven miles on the same street. Okay. But that's a lot of effort if you think about it for somebody you know um We more have a whole lot of homeless population that's been the bigger issue for for some reason they um and obviously Covid has exacerbated at times two million. They uh and it's sad because the resources I think that that because the governor when that happened here um he should I mean we were done like done done. Not that we were I guess red, there's red, yellow green. Which I know a lot of states are doing. We were red from March until May end of april so I mean nothing. All the restaurants were shut down, all the bars, I mean everything completely there was nothing so that I mean the unemployment was unreal here and that's you know un unfortunately it's we're still at yellow I think, pretty sure we're still yellow.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know where we are. Our situation was a little different in that when like I remember March, our numbers, we were in the low end compared to all the states, Arizona barely had any cases. And then there was a spike like in june and um what happened was they, it spiked up. And then when it was coming down, the governor decided that he would open up everything. And
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you had people, let me tell you how crazy it was. You had people
SPEAKER_L: jesus.
SPEAKER_R: coming to Arizona to party from Nevada from las Vegas because las
SPEAKER_L: Which is
SPEAKER_R: Vegas
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: Which is ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: was totally shut down. Most most states were shut down, but Arizona decided, you know what we're going to open up. And then um when things started kind of getting a little crazy, they shut us down. so we've been, we kind of went through this thing where we're like oh a few cases we got kinda didn't really pay attention
SPEAKER_L: Action.
SPEAKER_R: to what was going on, got shut down, but at this point I think things are starting to look normal. I have um three kids at home, I have a total of four, my oldest is in his, he's 20 he just turned 20 in september and then I have elementary school and a high schooler and all of them are now in school, so they've opened the schools, you know, they're they're taking it slowly and starting to open things slower than just trying to gung ho and just you know, so
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it's one of
SPEAKER_L: different here because so I pulled my kids out of the district. We have what they call um and I don't know if you you may you may have this in Arizona to cyber charter schools. So it's still a public school by definition so they take you pay X. Amount of money and taxpayer dollars and then the district that you reside in physically where your home is gets X. And then the rest of the money gets sent to the cyber charter school. So the district I mean isn't the best and my son is autistic and I mean high functioning. But they, I'll call it the quasi train wreck that was in the spring. They had really, no, like he gets speech services. Um, and support for like reading and math, you know, who did this teaching? Mm And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I said, I'm not doing this again. I work full time and I said, I work part time on the weekends and I said, I am not, I'm done not. And now I'm helping like I spend my evenings doing note cards. Like say I was doing it yesterday on some different art. Like they have an art class, like a test next week trying to get ahead, you know, just definitions and things. But that's different. I'm not the teacher and it's, and it's, you know, it's interesting because a lot of the districts, some are doing a hybrid model where the kids go two or three days a week and then their home and since some schools today was for some schools, they started going back full time in person. But the problem is our number, we've had 2000 cases of covid in 2400 and two days
SPEAKER_R: oh my goodness,
SPEAKER_L: statewide. So the numbers are going the opposite wrong way
SPEAKER_R: absolutely wrong
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: way,
SPEAKER_L: they're talking about that bubble that like new york's having, we're not that far from new york is four hours from here. That's, and there's many people that have family, you know, that came. So you know, stuff and they acknowledge that there's a, you know, the area I'm in is a major truck route. There's a lot of people that you, that travel through the area, but what do you think they bring with them? And again, it doesn't mean they have the symptoms. But the problem is they brought it, they bring it with them. And it's it's just it's by proxy because of where we're located. Like I work for the government were not open. Like my base has an open since March. I know if your emergency essential and it's a phased approach work phase zero and we're, and then today I was told, oh, now if you have to come into work, you have to email this person by six a.m. The day before. And I'm like, well, I don't always plan my, like most of the time I usually have a day's notice if I have to go in to do something. But uh that's odd. I'm like, why now, Why
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: eight
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: months
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: into
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: have that mindset of OK every day is open for a surprise,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: have to
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: kind of roll
SPEAKER_L: just like,
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: odd.
SPEAKER_R: punches.
SPEAKER_L: But why today, like why now Why why why eight months into this? 987 months whatever into the show? And I was just I had a coworker and I were talking, he's like, that is really strange when we had to scare the floor above us. There was a quote, Covid was stored. Um They did the cleaning. I said they don't do cleaning unless there's a why would you do that? That's stupid. It costs a lot of money. Why who in their right mind would just clean an area for no reason and
SPEAKER_R: erin it could be a it could be someone something that you probably don't know that they're taking precaution for
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: and they just
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: don't,
SPEAKER_L: it's just like the
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: way
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: was word. And I was like, no yeah, just
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: say it and you don't need to give names. And I said that's of course not. The only reason I could think of is it maybe contact tracing that they're having trouble um seeing who was there. I don't know. Like maybe that's the issue and knowing, okay, well if x person had it, who else was here and maybe that's the issue that they're like, okay, we need to know so that we can call and they say, hey, you need to quarantine or you need to do whatever. Because I mean, you know, it's, it's an interesting, you know what, when it happens, because we've had six people on the base die since March from Covid, which is unfortunate, but, but you don't know where it came from. You don't know if they got it, they went away. You don't know if there there son brought it to them from Virginia. You have no idea,
SPEAKER_R: idea
SPEAKER_L: But yes. Yeah, but it's, it's interesting. So
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it's a
SPEAKER_R: what is it like where you're from, what what is the like activities or is it where are they really really strict on masks? Like for instance I have family in texas like Arizona you you walk in and it's like for instance my grocery store sign most times you'll see like mass required, they have it to us as mass requested. So yeah, so it's a little, I think it's a little bit more lax here. So if you're not wearing a mask, you won't get fined or the, The police officers won't really, you know, harass you not wearing one, but I do know like places like Texas, they have fines where they'll find you like $502,000 if you're not wearing a mass. Is it, what is it like where you are?
SPEAKER_L: They're required their statewide um public spaces federally since I'm gonna government, they're, they're required there to um, I've never been a place. Most people typically are compliant. Um, you know what, I'm sensitive, even my autistic son wears that. He doesn't like it, but I don't really care. And I've told him that and it's the rule and I've explained it as such and I let him pick out a mask, I let him, you know like what he so it's not something, you know, if it fits him, it's not an adult size, it's his size. And I, and I just said it, I said, and I know and I told her like I took them out to all these and uh um pick up because we had off school yesterday to pick up a couple of things at the dollar store and I said you have to wear it. And he was feeling, he knows, I said because I said the problem is stores say it's required, but there are some stores that have locally, some people have gotten problems because people push back like they're like how dare you make me wear one, how dare you know? And it's just like just stop being stupid, it's not being selfish just wear it. And again I get it, there's people that have health conditions and I work part time in retail like on the weekends and we had some people come in. This actually happened saturday, there was a pregnant lady and her kids and none of them had masks on and and I was just like you know where the store manager can say something to them but the store manager said to me he says I'm not doing that. He said after the stories you hear about people being shot or people being attacked, he's like he's a single data for kids. He said why would I put my life at risk? I said I don't blame you at all. I said, you have to think and I said in the grand scheme of things, you know, at the end of the day, if something happened that that's on that woman and the decisions that she's made has nothing to do with you as a person. I said, you know, it's one of those, like you teach your kids, you pick your battles. Um, they are mandate, I mean you're supposed to like if I go to any type of doctors, I go to like was the doctors last week with my daughter? They make you wear them the whole time. Not even like if you're sitting in the waiting, like waiting for them to come in, they don't want you taking them off. They don't want, unless like you were having an exam or something, your mouth, you know, something like that. They don't want you like they're very um my uncle's a dentist and he said this is it's been very tough because he had to order the special equipment. Um They're supposed to like take out all of the you know something it does something that reduces the risk because it's the way the suction works or something. And he kept getting delayed and delayed and delayed. So he was only able to do certain things like they couldn't do what they normally do. And he said and he my uncle's over 65 and he and my aunt who helps him run the practice. He said man I wish I had I wish I had known what I know now because that we would have sold the practice. It's
SPEAKER_R: Just,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that's how hard it's been financially for businesses. I understand that I,
SPEAKER_L: and tough. It's tough. It's heartbreaking.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's like you have to try to, I think everybody's kind of in the mindset of when it comes to owning business, it's like, okay, what is something that's safe for most people, they're looking at more of e commerce type platforms that can be done you know in in spite of I just my thing is I'm such a brick and mortar, I'm so pro brick and mortar like it's not funny like I I'm when it comes to online shopping I'm so old school like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: walk
SPEAKER_L: get it.
SPEAKER_R: into stores and you know but it's really scary because you really think about how we potentially can lean towards those things becoming I wouldn't say non existent but far and few in between. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: It's interesting because I work at a Children's retailer, part time Children's clothing and the um what's interesting they started sending stuff, it's online only so that when a customer orders it from their house we're gonna ship it from the store But we're not
SPEAKER_R: Job
SPEAKER_L: selling it out on the sales floor, isn't that? And
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: I still can't wrap my head around that one cause
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: straight.
SPEAKER_L: like well like a husk like an example like would be like a slim size or like a husky size which may be a less common purchase precisely. So they'll be like oh well if somebody orders like say a 10 husky, well we have it but we can't give it to you outfront. No no no you have to order it.
SPEAKER_R: That's strange because I would think that you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: could,
SPEAKER_L: would want to.
SPEAKER_R: let's say let's say I came into the store and my size wasn't there, I don't want you to ship it out to me just let me come and pick it up like so that I can maybe try it on at the store and if it doesn't fit, don't have to worry about that back and forth transaction. I don't know I just it's so strange the way things are set up.
SPEAKER_L: it's in the store and that does not allow. The fitting rooms are closed and it's interesting because some retailers they are open and I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: I can't tell you how many people complaining. And I said unfortunately the corporate actually came in and took off the doors so that like the store couldn't Do their own thing. They're doing it as a liability. And I you know and I literally had a customer tell me I would have bought like 10 pairs of Jeans and I said it's like you need to tell corporate that. I said I'm going to be honest. I said they don't care.
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: said they don't I said they've made that decision at their level. My input means nothing. It's just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: saw
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I saw some girls in Target, some teenage girls trying on clothes just in the open. I mean
SPEAKER_L: heavens.
SPEAKER_R: they had clothes on, they
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: course. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: yeah but they were, you know it's kind of like people are gonna do what they're gonna do and it's it's funny because the staff was walking around some kind of chuckled but it wasn't like they confronted them or anything like that. Um
SPEAKER_L: They will only they're not inappropriate right? That it's and and that's hard because some stores were supposed to ever, well they're not supposed to try anything on. Well okay if you're buying shoots, well here's the problem. She was fit differently for every kid. So what you think is a say you're a five, but if I'm a fit, if I may not fit it is it's so it's they want us to quarantine this stuff for a week because you can't can't really sanitize it per se. So it's just
SPEAKER_R: Oh so when they bring the items back to the store they want you to sanitize the quarantine it Okay.
SPEAKER_L: for a week because they're saying which, you know from what I've read isn't I know they say it can live on surfaces but it's typically it's unlikely that it would be in that bag that they purchased and especially if something's coming from a warehouse, it's probably even less likely because it's probably almost you know rap that they're just throwing into a bag, you know as they drop by here is in order dang, you know they're gathering, it's not gonna it's unlikely but that's their policy because I had something can I just return it and buy it again? And I was like no, literally no, because I said you know, you can get another one off the rack, I can't sell you what you just returned if you want to like say you want to do like a price adjustment because it's passed and they were like, Oh I paid $10 less because there's like a window, you can get it if it's after that you have to go find if we don't have it, I can't they monitor that stuff. What people don't realize is the corporate monitors like what you're returning they look at. So if I return something in the same size and I'm buying the same thing again now they're going to ask is it sitting in the return ben, if it happens enough and it's a fluke they're probably going to ignore it. But if it happens enough, yeah, they're going to know because why is the same person buying you know
SPEAKER_R: There's
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: why are you putting a knock back out on the floor? Yeah, it's Mhm. I don't I mean I love helping people and I love doing that, but that's the frustration. It's it's some people don't yet. You're not supposed to try the jacket on, you're not supposed to try the shoes on. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Now they're crying
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: them in Target.
SPEAKER_L: we've told people you can go use the bathrooms in the mall and like put the pants on and if they don't fit, bring them back as long as the tags are attached and you have the receipt, technically that's perfectly legal because they have not now they still have to be quarantined, but it's they're not in the store,
SPEAKER_R: They're not in the story
SPEAKER_L: which sounds stupid. And some people like, what do you mean? I have to come back and I'm like, whoa. I don't know what to tell you. Like I mean for older kids, you really can't have them trying.
SPEAKER_R: It's hard. I I haven't
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: probably, I will say that it probably has been a benefit for my budget because I don't like to I'm a I have to touch feel it, try it on and because I haven't been able to do so I really haven't done much shopping, at least for clothing um since the, you know, the dressing rooms have been close, I guess it's a good thing for my, like I said from my bank account, it's a good thing, but you know, I'm just ready for things to get a little bit who it's not to say that things are going to be the same,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: but I really can, I really, I'm looking for it every day for things to get better and and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: agree.
SPEAKER_R: day that's better. You know, it I think it allows a lot of people who are dealing with a lot of mental issues because I think this is like spiked a lot of mental issues that people
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely
SPEAKER_R: still don't even know that they're dealing with. I think down the road, things are going
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: to kind of come to the forefront and just
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: how bad it's been affecting
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: us
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: six months come winner. I was actually listening to something on the radio on the way home from working last night. That that was one of the biggest crisis is not not in addition to like say a quote, second wave was a health and substance abuse. There are people that are, you know, and they end up relapsing because that doesn't stop drugs and all that kind of, you know, and domestic violence and a lot of that, you know, it's been muffled because people are like, well, they didn't have anywhere to go. What are they supposed to go? And it's now I think that's that's the scary part. And I'm glad like even my employer they'll send out, they've been sending more stuff and reminding people, hey that employee assistance program if you need help, like they said it's not, it's confidential. Like even for family issues, like if you need to talk to a counselor like they're encouraging people please don't keep kicking it down the road because it's just going to get worse and
SPEAKER_R: and don't
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: be.
SPEAKER_L: it's fall and winter coming even worse and
SPEAKER_R: is true.
SPEAKER_L: and you can't get out, say we're walked down again. That's not out of the question. Um You know, that's that's in the the governor of the new york city's is doing that again. Is it likely elsewhere? Probably
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: that, you know, being realistic, I said you know our governor did it once, there's nothing saying he won't do it again. South
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm sorry, what was your name again,
SPEAKER_L: Krista.
SPEAKER_R: Krista? Yeah, I think our 25 minutes is that I actually have another call
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that I have to do, but it's been a pleasure talking to
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah, it's good to hear a little bit about what's going on in other parts of the country and
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: see that we have people like you, that's doing a pretty good job, taking care of people and
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: everybody's good to go.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Absolutely. You too. I wish you the best
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: and I hope you have a good good rest of your evening.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: you have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Right.