So can you hear me okay. Perfect, So I guess we should be chatting for about 25 minutes.
okay. First off I'm, my name is Kimberly,
nice to meet you. Crystal. What part
of
where you based at
pennsylvania, wow, okay. So you're East Coast? I'm a little bit on the west coast in Arizona. Yeah.
Yeah I've been have I been to pennsylvania?
Okay, so where's the Poconos?
Okay so my grandmother and my aunt lived in the Poconos and I visited once. This was years ago. So I have
I guess
I have been.
Yeah.
Hi.
from your family? Okay. Yeah.
I couldn't,
I
I was much younger so I don't really remember everything, I just remember a lot of snow.
Uh you know I've contemplated a couple times like I've been to new york, I've been to New Jersey um for work, so it wasn't the same, I've been to new york just for leisure and it was all during cold parts of the year and I was like I'd love I love the ambience of the East coast, I love the culture of the East Coast, the food and everything is great. But that cold weather, I don't know, it's just been very difficult for me to even consider living in living somewhere cold.
You know?
Yeah, especially with everything going on right now,
it's certain because it's like you have to consider okay if I change occupation or I changed jobs,
what's going to happen down the road is something going to cause this whole thing to start up again and then you're left trying to figure out, you know how to make ends meet. It's it's just everything's really uncertain, like that's
the best way I can explain it.
It's
been,
it started,
it started it went from, what was it? The hornets, the,
the murder hornets, Then they have these new um I don't think they're new, but I think they've been around, but they've kind of increased the caterpillars. Have you seen the hairy caterpillars?
See we've never seen those out here and now they're, they're out here, they kind of look like mohawks, little
mohawk.
but
see,
move,
That is interesting. And of all
years, 2020, of course they have
to come
out.
Is
Oh my gosh. So today, let me look at the temperatures, I want to say we're in the 90s.
No,
I take that back, it's 100° where I am, I'm in Queen Creek Arizona which is east southeast of Arizona and it's 100 degrees. So we we have, we we don't really expect like it was, I was telling my kids I was like it's fall but it still feels like summer in Arizona. So we're still
wearing shorts
and
flip flops.
Okay. So very
similar.
But
I
was actually, I was actually looking at some articles um Because we're kind of looking at relocating as well, just just somewhere different. Probably it's gonna stay south, you know, in the nice work areas. But I saw so many like when it's a top 10 cities or whatever in the Pennsylvania
had numerous cities on there
and you know, you sometimes the east Coast gets a bad rap for things like
that of the location. But then what I think of is you probably have a lot of towns that are still close in it that are still very like founded foundational because that
part of the United
States is where you know, people have been there. It's not one of those areas where you're just moving around like new york is, but I would
think that pennsylvania is like if you're from there, you're from there, you stay there, you you have family there kind of things like that.
And
then
just
the crime,
a lot of crimes for has been going on in Chicago to like I used to work for Northern Trust which is headquartered in Chicago. Most people here in Northern Trust are like, I've never heard of it, but I guess, you know, working for them and so I
I hear mix things because I think it's more so inner city, you know, a crime
and
then you have
your
suburbs. So you know, I guess it all depends on where you're from.
I don't know where we are. Our situation was a little different in that when like I remember March, our numbers, we were in the low end compared to all the states, Arizona barely had any cases. And then there was a spike like in june and um what happened was they, it spiked up. And then when it was coming down, the governor decided that he would open up everything. And
you had people, let me tell you how crazy it was. You had people
coming to Arizona to party from Nevada from las Vegas because las
Vegas
was
was totally shut down. Most most states were shut down, but Arizona decided, you know what we're going to open up. And then um when things started kind of getting a little crazy, they shut us down. so we've been, we kind of went through this thing where we're like oh a few cases we got kinda didn't really pay attention
to what was going on, got shut down, but at this point I think things are starting to look normal. I have um three kids at home, I have a total of four, my oldest is in his, he's 20 he just turned 20 in september and then I have elementary school and a high schooler and all of them are now in school, so they've opened the schools, you know, they're they're taking it slowly and starting to open things slower than just trying to gung ho and just you know, so
it's one of
you
oh my goodness,
absolutely wrong
way,
it's
like
you have
to
have that mindset of OK every day is open for a surprise,
you
have to
kind of roll
with
the
punches.
erin it could be a it could be someone something that you probably don't know that they're taking precaution for
and they just
don't,
what
was
it?
mm.
idea
So
what is it like where you're from, what what is the like activities or is it where are they really really strict on masks? Like for instance I have family in texas like Arizona you you walk in and it's like for instance my grocery store sign most times you'll see like mass required, they have it to us as mass requested. So yeah, so it's a little, I think it's a little bit more lax here. So if you're not wearing a mask, you won't get fined or the, The police officers won't really, you know, harass you not wearing one, but I do know like places like Texas, they have fines where they'll find you like $502,000 if you're not wearing a mass. Is it, what is it like where you are?
Just,
that's how hard it's been financially for businesses. I understand that I,
yeah, it's like you have to try to, I think everybody's kind of in the mindset of when it comes to owning business, it's like, okay, what is something that's safe for most people, they're looking at more of e commerce type platforms that can be done you know in in spite of I just my thing is I'm such a brick and mortar, I'm so pro brick and mortar like it's not funny like I I'm when it comes to online shopping I'm so old school like
I
love
to
walk
into stores and you know but it's really scary because you really think about how we potentially can lean towards those things becoming I wouldn't say non existent but far and few in between. You know what I mean?
Job
one.
is
straight.
That's strange because I would think that you
could,
let's say let's say I came into the store and my size wasn't there, I don't want you to ship it out to me just let me come and pick it up like so that I can maybe try it on at the store and if it doesn't fit, don't have to worry about that back and forth transaction. I don't know I just it's so strange the way things are set up.
that
is
they
don't
I
saw
I saw some girls in Target, some teenage girls trying on clothes just in the open. I mean
they had clothes on, they
didn't
yeah but they were, you know it's kind of like people are gonna do what they're gonna do and it's it's funny because the staff was walking around some kind of chuckled but it wasn't like they confronted them or anything like that. Um
Oh so when they bring the items back to the store they want you to sanitize the quarantine it Okay.
There's
something
Now they're crying
them in Target.
They're not in the story
It's hard. I I haven't
probably, I will say that it probably has been a benefit for my budget because I don't like to I'm a I have to touch feel it, try it on and because I haven't been able to do so I really haven't done much shopping, at least for clothing um since the, you know, the dressing rooms have been close, I guess it's a good thing for my, like I said from my bank account, it's a good thing, but you know, I'm just ready for things to get a little bit who it's not to say that things are going to be the same,
but I really can, I really, I'm looking for it every day for things to get better and and
one
day that's better. You know, it I think it allows a lot of people who are dealing with a lot of mental issues because I think this is like spiked a lot of mental issues that people
still don't even know that they're dealing with. I think down the road, things are going
to kind of come to the forefront and just
how bad it's been affecting
us
all.
and don't
be.
is true.
probably.
Well I'm sorry, what was your name again,
Krista? Yeah, I think our 25 minutes is that I actually have another call
that I have to do, but it's been a pleasure talking to
you. Yeah, it's good to hear a little bit about what's going on in other parts of the country and
see that we have people like you, that's doing a pretty good job, taking care of people and
everybody's good to go.
You too.
Thank you,
you have a good one.