I think so yeah.
Mhm. I'm Krista
timing
chip
pennsylvania.
I've flown through there, that's about the extent
my whole I've been here my whole life
northeast of where I live.
It's a
it's
nice um My I don't know I said my uncle, my maternal and her husband is from up in that area. So cool country
and yeah they nobody lives there anymore but they they
left their family left the area just because.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know that the area up there, I mean I was up there a couple of years ago, my husband and I went up there away on a weekend. I've never been there even though it's not that far away, it's just one of those I went there I think in high school because my grandfather's ex wife had a timeshare, So we went there for Thanksgiving one year, but it was just because people were coming in and it was easier then people having to pay for their own place. So she just got a place up in the Poconos. It was very nice. Um,
but
it was, yeah,
it does, it does. No, um, it's quite, quite a, quite a significant amount. So I'm not a snow fan. I live in the wrong climate.
I'm, I'm uh, you know, I want to move south, probably the carol north Carolina. And once my kids are done with school and head south because I'm I live in, my brother and sister in law, lived in Philly and just didn't like it. They, the cost of living is ridiculous. And they just, my brother was an architect and he just couldn't mesh with everybody is in your face. And it's just, he's like, this is not how I want to raise my kids, this is not. So it's, they picked up and moved two years ago and they took a chance and a leap of faith and I knew
my daughter and I just went down to visit on the weekend before last and I just bought a big house and they love it. They said it's just it's, you know, and I know that's we want to end up there some way, but it's, you know, with work, there's certain things have to happen before you. You can't just always pick up and move if life really that easy.
absolutely.
absolutely.
Is
it's life has taken, this last year has been, I can't, it's one, it's like anything you can think of that could possibly happen has happened. The things that you didn't even know existed in this world. If we get zombies on, you know, like december 31st at midnight.
It's
not
plausibility.
Murder hornets.
there's some here that they get before like uh well they get them they're supposed to be indications of winter or something like how bad it will be.
Yes they're not
native, those aren't native to. Pretty sure.
I I forget what it's like. The butterfly, the monitor, their woolly woolly, we call them the fuzzy woolly caterpillars out here. You don't
see them much but that's how usually you tell how the winner will be like there's a whole guide. I don't usually pay much attention but they say it helps determine if it's gonna be really cold like or it'll be mild because I guess it depends upon how their patterns which
is interesting.
So
they
put
through they put some merit in it. I personally don't but but it
is it's interesting because the natural world is um it is it's different. My dad's a fisherman and he, there's a river here that's got, yeah, some chinese thing in it, that some sort of fish thing that's been causing like killing everything. And he was talking about that and I was like, I don't know. So because my son, he was taking my son fishing. Um, well he couldn't go last week cause that's stupid hurricane they got, you know, it was writing, it was raining here sunday. So, but yeah, it's, it's it's interesting you you hear the stuff because I mean from what you guys have in Arizona to here is pretty different. The client. I mean it's already in the fifties blows.
Well I like, I like the warm weather. So for me that's, I don't mind it. I was kind of disappointed when I went to north Carolina that it was just like, I was like really, really
I can't.
My grandfather
lived
in,
my grandfather lived in palm springs California
I
visited. That was interesting. Yeah, I spent two weeks with him after I finished high school years and years ago and it was very, and then they left because they were like, what's too hot here? Like, well you moved the freaking desert, what do you expect?
So they moved to saint George Utah, which I guess wasn't different from about 10 degrees because the way the jet stream cuts off the area. But he liked the dry climate. Like he really used from Pittsburgh originally, so that's a pretty drastic. Um But yes, he got older, he was one of those, he didn't care for the cold. Like he, uh, he, he liked the southwest and living, you know, he definitely, he, that was, I think one thing he was happy when he left. well I live in like the Harrisburg area, which is you know the capital of the state. So we get we're kind of similar to Baltimore like weather wise but minus a couple degrees were pretty pretty consistent with them and anymore I mean the climate's changed dramatically from
what I remember.
Including
they do,
you do
It's
point.
absolutely.
There's a there's been a big diaspora from, you know what the young people are leaving that the thing that is bad here is the taxes. Um My brother and I and I were comparing like what I pay on my house to what he pays on his, what does he have? 3/4 of an acre, like this is depressing and it was about the same For his 4000 square foot house like and I'm just like this is, it's the tax structure here is wacko. Um I mean even my parents, my parents are, my mom's not retired yet. My dad is but he, I don't know if they would ever leave. That's it. I don't know. That's a, that would be, I know my in laws will move because they're from my husband's side. The families all from Illinois in Illinois is like insanely expensive, insane and they don't and there there's nothing to go back to. There's nobody there other than just you know family nobody is close to. So that was like rural form America. It was just not, it's poor, there's nothing there. I mean, yeah, you could buy a how you could build a crazy house for 100 and 50 K. But where are you going to work? And what are you
gonna
do
unless you're
farmer?
And
it
is
I think
it is.
I think the even here um theft is and I'm on the outskirts of the city like I'm not I mean downtown if I drove seven miles on the same street. Okay. But that's a lot of effort if you think about it for somebody you know um We more have a whole lot of homeless population that's been the bigger issue for for some reason they um and obviously Covid has exacerbated at times two million. They uh and it's sad because the resources I think that that because the governor when that happened here um he should I mean we were done like done done. Not that we were I guess red, there's red, yellow green. Which I know a lot of states are doing. We were red from March until May end of april so I mean nothing. All the restaurants were shut down, all the bars, I mean everything completely there was nothing so that I mean the unemployment was unreal here and that's you know un unfortunately it's we're still at yellow I think, pretty sure we're still yellow.
No
jesus.
Which is
ridiculous.
Which is ridiculous.
Action.
It's
different here because so I pulled my kids out of the district. We have what they call um and I don't know if you you may you may have this in Arizona to cyber charter schools. So it's still a public school by definition so they take you pay X. Amount of money and taxpayer dollars and then the district that you reside in physically where your home is gets X. And then the rest of the money gets sent to the cyber charter school. So the district I mean isn't the best and my son is autistic and I mean high functioning. But they, I'll call it the quasi train wreck that was in the spring. They had really, no, like he gets speech services. Um, and support for like reading and math, you know, who did this teaching? Mm And
I said, I'm not doing this again. I work full time and I said, I work part time on the weekends and I said, I am not, I'm done not. And now I'm helping like I spend my evenings doing note cards. Like say I was doing it yesterday on some different art. Like they have an art class, like a test next week trying to get ahead, you know, just definitions and things. But that's different. I'm not the teacher and it's, and it's, you know, it's interesting because a lot of the districts, some are doing a hybrid model where the kids go two or three days a week and then their home and since some schools today was for some schools, they started going back full time in person. But the problem is our number, we've had 2000 cases of covid in 2400 and two days
statewide. So the numbers are going the opposite wrong way
and
they're talking about that bubble that like new york's having, we're not that far from new york is four hours from here. That's, and there's many people that have family, you know, that came. So you know, stuff and they acknowledge that there's a, you know, the area I'm in is a major truck route. There's a lot of people that you, that travel through the area, but what do you think they bring with them? And again, it doesn't mean they have the symptoms. But the problem is they brought it, they bring it with them. And it's it's just it's by proxy because of where we're located. Like I work for the government were not open. Like my base has an open since March. I know if your emergency essential and it's a phased approach work phase zero and we're, and then today I was told, oh, now if you have to come into work, you have to email this person by six a.m. The day before. And I'm like, well, I don't always plan my, like most of the time I usually have a day's notice if I have to go in to do something. But uh that's odd. I'm like, why now, Why
eight
months
into
this?
Well,
and
that's
just like,
it's
odd.
But why today, like why now Why why why eight months into this? 987 months whatever into the show? And I was just I had a coworker and I were talking, he's like, that is really strange when we had to scare the floor above us. There was a quote, Covid was stored. Um They did the cleaning. I said they don't do cleaning unless there's a why would you do that? That's stupid. It costs a lot of money. Why who in their right mind would just clean an area for no reason and
no,
but
it's just like the
way
it
was word. And I was like, no yeah, just
say it and you don't need to give names. And I said that's of course not. The only reason I could think of is it maybe contact tracing that they're having trouble um seeing who was there. I don't know. Like maybe that's the issue and knowing, okay, well if x person had it, who else was here and maybe that's the issue that they're like, okay, we need to know so that we can call and they say, hey, you need to quarantine or you need to do whatever. Because I mean, you know, it's, it's an interesting, you know what, when it happens, because we've had six people on the base die since March from Covid, which is unfortunate, but, but you don't know where it came from. You don't know if they got it, they went away. You don't know if there there son brought it to them from Virginia. You have no idea,
But yes. Yeah, but it's, it's interesting. So
it's a
They're required their statewide um public spaces federally since I'm gonna government, they're, they're required there to um, I've never been a place. Most people typically are compliant. Um, you know what, I'm sensitive, even my autistic son wears that. He doesn't like it, but I don't really care. And I've told him that and it's the rule and I've explained it as such and I let him pick out a mask, I let him, you know like what he so it's not something, you know, if it fits him, it's not an adult size, it's his size. And I, and I just said it, I said, and I know and I told her like I took them out to all these and uh um pick up because we had off school yesterday to pick up a couple of things at the dollar store and I said you have to wear it. And he was feeling, he knows, I said because I said the problem is stores say it's required, but there are some stores that have locally, some people have gotten problems because people push back like they're like how dare you make me wear one, how dare you know? And it's just like just stop being stupid, it's not being selfish just wear it. And again I get it, there's people that have health conditions and I work part time in retail like on the weekends and we had some people come in. This actually happened saturday, there was a pregnant lady and her kids and none of them had masks on and and I was just like you know where the store manager can say something to them but the store manager said to me he says I'm not doing that. He said after the stories you hear about people being shot or people being attacked, he's like he's a single data for kids. He said why would I put my life at risk? I said I don't blame you at all. I said, you have to think and I said in the grand scheme of things, you know, at the end of the day, if something happened that that's on that woman and the decisions that she's made has nothing to do with you as a person. I said, you know, it's one of those, like you teach your kids, you pick your battles. Um, they are mandate, I mean you're supposed to like if I go to any type of doctors, I go to like was the doctors last week with my daughter? They make you wear them the whole time. Not even like if you're sitting in the waiting, like waiting for them to come in, they don't want you taking them off. They don't want, unless like you were having an exam or something, your mouth, you know, something like that. They don't want you like they're very um my uncle's a dentist and he said this is it's been very tough because he had to order the special equipment. Um They're supposed to like take out all of the you know something it does something that reduces the risk because it's the way the suction works or something. And he kept getting delayed and delayed and delayed. So he was only able to do certain things like they couldn't do what they normally do. And he said and he my uncle's over 65 and he and my aunt who helps him run the practice. He said man I wish I had I wish I had known what I know now because that we would have sold the practice. It's
it's
and tough. It's tough. It's heartbreaking.
I
get
it.
I
get it.
It's interesting because I work at a Children's retailer, part time Children's clothing and the um what's interesting they started sending stuff, it's online only so that when a customer orders it from their house we're gonna ship it from the store But we're not
selling it out on the sales floor, isn't that? And
I still can't wrap my head around that one cause
I'm
like well like a husk like an example like would be like a slim size or like a husky size which may be a less common purchase precisely. So they'll be like oh well if somebody orders like say a 10 husky, well we have it but we can't give it to you outfront. No no no you have to order it.
you
would want to.
it's in the store and that does not allow. The fitting rooms are closed and it's interesting because some retailers they are open and I
get
I can't tell you how many people complaining. And I said unfortunately the corporate actually came in and took off the doors so that like the store couldn't Do their own thing. They're doing it as a liability. And I you know and I literally had a customer tell me I would have bought like 10 pairs of Jeans and I said it's like you need to tell corporate that. I said I'm going to be honest. I said they don't care.
I
said they don't I said they've made that decision at their level. My input means nothing. It's just
like
it.
heavens.
Of
course. Of course.
They will only they're not inappropriate right? That it's and and that's hard because some stores were supposed to ever, well they're not supposed to try anything on. Well okay if you're buying shoots, well here's the problem. She was fit differently for every kid. So what you think is a say you're a five, but if I'm a fit, if I may not fit it is it's so it's they want us to quarantine this stuff for a week because you can't can't really sanitize it per se. So it's just
for a week because they're saying which, you know from what I've read isn't I know they say it can live on surfaces but it's typically it's unlikely that it would be in that bag that they purchased and especially if something's coming from a warehouse, it's probably even less likely because it's probably almost you know rap that they're just throwing into a bag, you know as they drop by here is in order dang, you know they're gathering, it's not gonna it's unlikely but that's their policy because I had something can I just return it and buy it again? And I was like no, literally no, because I said you know, you can get another one off the rack, I can't sell you what you just returned if you want to like say you want to do like a price adjustment because it's passed and they were like, Oh I paid $10 less because there's like a window, you can get it if it's after that you have to go find if we don't have it, I can't they monitor that stuff. What people don't realize is the corporate monitors like what you're returning they look at. So if I return something in the same size and I'm buying the same thing again now they're going to ask is it sitting in the return ben, if it happens enough and it's a fluke they're probably going to ignore it. But if it happens enough, yeah, they're going to know because why is the same person buying you know
now
why are you putting a knock back out on the floor? Yeah, it's Mhm. I don't I mean I love helping people and I love doing that, but that's the frustration. It's it's some people don't yet. You're not supposed to try the jacket on, you're not supposed to try the shoes on. Uh
You know,
we've told people you can go use the bathrooms in the mall and like put the pants on and if they don't fit, bring them back as long as the tags are attached and you have the receipt, technically that's perfectly legal because they have not now they still have to be quarantined, but it's they're not in the store,
which sounds stupid. And some people like, what do you mean? I have to come back and I'm like, whoa. I don't know what to tell you. Like I mean for older kids, you really can't have them trying.
No.
No,
I
agree.
Absolutely
great.
All
I
think
six months come winner. I was actually listening to something on the radio on the way home from working last night. That that was one of the biggest crisis is not not in addition to like say a quote, second wave was a health and substance abuse. There are people that are, you know, and they end up relapsing because that doesn't stop drugs and all that kind of, you know, and domestic violence and a lot of that, you know, it's been muffled because people are like, well, they didn't have anywhere to go. What are they supposed to go? And it's now I think that's that's the scary part. And I'm glad like even my employer they'll send out, they've been sending more stuff and reminding people, hey that employee assistance program if you need help, like they said it's not, it's confidential. Like even for family issues, like if you need to talk to a counselor like they're encouraging people please don't keep kicking it down the road because it's just going to get worse and
now
it's fall and winter coming even worse and
and you can't get out, say we're walked down again. That's not out of the question. Um You know, that's that's in the the governor of the new york city's is doing that again. Is it likely elsewhere? Probably
that, you know, being realistic, I said you know our governor did it once, there's nothing saying he won't do it again. South
Krista.
No.
absolutely.
absolutely.
You too.
yep. Absolutely. You too. I wish you the best
and I hope you have a good good rest of your evening.
Thanks
you too. Right.