Well, I guess just 25 minutes. Yeah,
I guess it was just an address ourselves.
I'm
Seth I'm from a little small town in northwest florida. And uh just regular old guy. Just working cash here.
Uh Fort Lauderdale. I've been that uh beautiful city. Uh
it's the opposite with me. Uh After living here for 27 years you get kind of tired of the humidity and the cock crow. Yeah.
I mean you never really get used to it even though you live here your whole life.
I know it's about 90 here during the day, but the heat index is about 110. Yeah, it's
a bit unbearable. Honestly, I walked to the grocery store yesterday around three o'clock and I felt like I was going to pass out it.
Well,
that's the problem as well. The mass does make it a lot harder to breathe when you're talking about, but only where it in the grocery store anyway. Not
no point where and it just walking down the road. All right. Um um Let's see. Uh
I mean besides an artist you got any hobbies or whatnot or what
what
kind of dog you got?
I
don't
sound
like
A little small.
Uh Yes I got 22 dogs. Two girls picking the East wall mix and a pug uh
lizzie and many. Yeah.
I like dogs and cats. And our dogs just ignore that.
Yeah I mean I used to have a cat but he died of old age and after this that after the girls go not going to have no more pets. You know it's just too brutal you know.
I'd say they get to be part of the family really.
Well
I believe German shepherd slip around 15 years so quite a bit of time. Well
they do have issues with hip dysplasia though.
I mean there is, if you got the funds to get it, you can go take and get cared of. Yeah. Sorry about um I know my mother, she has dioxins and there you have it your problems is but but with toxins you can get one of those little well things you put on the back of the dogs so you can just still keep going around. I
don't know that that's a positive or negative though it does seem kind of cruel. Uh
And uh you go ahead. Um
I like working with play reading, playing video games, you know. Uh
My
favorite genre game which uh
I've heard of it, I saw the Silent Hill uh thing about it recently,
Well
we have pretty similar tastes. I mean I like pretty much ever done. And the except like sports minute morning today. Uh
Well right now I've been enjoying its combat seven and the Harvest Moon. Uh Friends of mineral Town remake if you've heard of. Uh
But overall my favorite games would be Final Fantasy Six and Empire.
Yeah, I'm Fantasy Sixes I'd say my favorite Empire is really addictive if you're into real time strategy, but easily 1000 hours on it. Thatcher
played it. I think
I've actually got a box around here somewhere but not
know,
grab it out, it's in some,
but
I couldn't hear you. Uh
Well
I
was kind of bad at it. Honestly
I
do from what everyone says but it it has a lot of luck faced aspects as well, like 99% to hit an enemy and you manage to get that 1%. Not,
I've
never played them, but I've heard of them. I think I've got to go a while but I can't remember uh you play on Pc or possible. Yeah,
same here. Nothing, nothing real special. Just uh 5 94 100 GTX 16 16, nothing, relax.
I do too. Probably several 100. It's
That's the problem with piece of the game and so many cheap bundles that you get so many games and Yeah, you just don't know, you know.
I mean
ironically enough lately I've been using my switch more than my PC anyway.
I wouldn't bother right now until they're back in stock because scalp Charging like five or 600 bucks. Uh
which one uh
thought about getting into VR but it's kind of an expensive uh industry point. Even the cheap ones are like four or $500. Well
thought about getting the HTC five but that's like 800 bucks. Yeah
I think it was like some kind of joint venture with valve and
HTC. I'm not sure.
I've
tried a couple times and it seemed really cool you know like the, I really like the aspect of like like say it's the first person shooter uh Not realistic you know like you know take a revolver and manually and start the round into the chamber you know
sort of like a laser tag I guess.
Yeah I try to beat Saber again. These games are surprisingly tiring when you have to be are like sitting around flailing around and just you start breaking a sweat you know. Yeah.
How you doing with Covid and what not just safe, healthy
dude online with us.
It just made me
wonder if colleges won't let you go to class and if they didn't let you do online but they really find your tuition and what?
No,
what
college you go to?
good.
Best
dining.
I've never tried lobster I think kind of looks gross. Honestly. I'm
first rab.
I've
had it. Yeah, it's well when the first one, the virus first came out, I didn't think it be that bad, you know? But I ended up getting ended up in the hospital for a couple of days. So it's a lot rougher than you think.
I got a little bit of a damage that I don't know how long it lasts. But a big just some luck.
I mean the doctor said it for the last couple months so maybe he didn't think it would be permanent though.
And I mean the precautions have been a little overzealous I think you know, because damage to the economy, but I don't know what to say about it honestly. Because the virus is a lot worse than it appears to be. It's a lot worse than the flu,
you
know? Although from what I've heard that says that people, younger people don't seem to really get the virus stuff man, if at all. I mean like
can be asymptomatic but most don't show any damage or anything.
I wish I was 10 years younger. I would have maybe I wouldn't have had it so bad. But a
as long as you're in good health and not a bad bunch of bad health conditions, you know? I mean I'm I'm a bit overweight and uh I've got previous lung damage from an an embolism. So I'm in a I risk group. So
probably
not. I think it's mostly affect people were like severe conditions like COPD diabetes, you know.
They are in the risk. They have any like health conditions or they just regular.
I know my uh my mother, she's a bit on the bigger side, so she might be at risk. But my father he's dead. So
i
it's been it's been five years. All right. Not saying I don't love, my dad is just uh
time heals all.
I mean he was a diabetic though, so if he was still around he more than likely it would have affected him badly. Uh
Type one or Type 2?
But you're sort of a like remission state I guess.
Take care of yourself. Diabetes is a lot better than it was in the past. All right.
Like back in the 80s. Like how like HIV like Freddie Mercury and what not all it's the death because there's no treatments back then.
I'm
sorry.
No.
Are you religious? I
was just agreeing with you at the same time. The same. Really? I'd like I like to keep a little hope though.
Like I'm not very religious but I do like theology. Yeah,
I
like the historical aspect of it as well. Like reading like, you know, like about judicial scary and whatnot, you know,
you know,
like the persecution for various but just uh pulling them like during the Vietnamese war when uh that guy, a buddhist monk immolated himself a
photo. You never forget nobody famous for decades, if not centuries to come
the stone.
the
stoicism, the biggest thing, the fact that he was able to sit there without screaming or anything just accepting his death.
People tried to use propaganda, like saying that they had drugged him up but obviously wasn't true, you know? Yeah,
I believe they've actually, he's been sort of canonized, but I guess the buddhist equivalent canonization, like saying the closest you can get to becoming like,
uh, like a saint or uh,
I'm not sure what to call it, honestly. I'm not really buddhist.
Mm All right. Well, let's think. Uh,
I mean the length and the fact that it's so kind of forced, you know, I don't mean that about, it's just uh, it's hard to think of something to talk about on, just on the dime, you know? Yeah,
it extra $15 for whatever, you know, uh anything like school textbooks for you or something like that or just a simple lunch. Yeah,
that's uh, for me, it's just a little extra money on the side and mostly just use it to treat my family
like
go to water burger or something, you know? Okay. I mean, me personally, I'm I've been saving up to get my family water burger and I was gonna get me some wings from pizza hut. Yeah,
I I love hot food. Spicy
food.
All
You
don't
well,
being down here in florida, pretty much everyone in Southwest taste for uh spicy foods, you know, just my heart condition. Uh
Is your father or mother jamaican? Uh
your mother? It's pretty
interesting. Uh
You really don't look anything jamaican? No, Ben? Uh
I
mean, how dark is your mother like? Pretty?
that's impressive. Really? That's I guess of uh whatchamacallit jeans? Uh recessive way.
yeah. You look like uh Scots, irish, maybe dutch.
yeah,
I'm here. My grandmothers uh like your red hair irish. And uh everyone on my dad's side dutch, I believe they call us what's black irish or something like that basically. Uh, basically I've got blue eyes and black hair. Uh what's your eye color? Hazel brow? Oh,
by,
it depends on personal taste really. Uh uh,
in my case, uh, I guess it's, living down here would be better to have darker color. Uh,
but it's not, no big deal anyway. I'm luckily I'm only a quarter irish, so I don't burn so badly down here anyway.
I
uh, it's probably boston's
got boston up north there. They got a high population of irish, you know? Yeah,
so the irish are famous for the burning ability. Uh
Uh,
so I'm just trying to think of something else talked about. Uh
no, although I've always wanted to live up more up north because I don't like the cold.
I'm
jealous down here.
You only get a couple inches every couple of years. I'm, I mean, I'm right on the state
border with Alabama. So it's a
yeah, I'm,
I just know that right here on the panhandle, I live around Pensacola by the way. You know what? That is gone. The weather around here can be absolutely hellish. I mean, heat wise, uh, on the panhandle and on the east coast of florida, there's a big tornado issue around here. You got that gulf water and cold fronts coming in from the west and it just creates a perfect storm. Well, uh
I was, I was actually thinking that. Well actually I was hoping that that thing would come in around here, but it doesn't, hurricane is a uh zia's how we put out you
oh, it's a, it's a little weak storm. It's not, it just meant that we've got some cool days. Unless, unless
the hurricane hits cat three or above. It's nothing to worry about. Even the trailers around here can survive a cat too.
Well
it does boston have any blood in their shoes up there.
Well I live a little closer inland so I'm not on the bay. Thank you. I just know that back during a couple of years back on sandy hit the east Coast. Everyone was having a fit because of all the blood, you know, a,
you know, just overly worrisome. You know, living down here, we see a tropical storm or Cat one and we just think, well that's nothing just keep going about our day. I mean that's not, not like it will kill you unless you go swimming or something, but if you go swimming like you deserve it. As cruel as that sounds, you have to be an absolute moron to do that black
eye.
You
got
It sounds like she's been living here a long time, man. You know, really? The only thing issue with the hurricanes if it gets really, really strong, like a, like I've been there, Katrina. Yeah, Ivan was a hell raising, Yeah,
that came through right here actually. But it was well thought out and Dennis as well managed to uh, we thought storm was over when Dennis came through, went outside and you can see the up in the sky, beautiful sight and then everything. Uh, just pretty little frankly shit hit the fan. You know, once the eye starts to pass over, the worst part of the storm comes in and you don't have to go back inside. Yeah.
Well, the first part of the storm wasn't so then, but when that second part comes in after the eye comes through, the wind just starts gusting a lot higher. I mean, this was back when we lived a little, uh, Milton. I don't know if you've ever heard of Milton florida, but
uh, just a little town, we live in a nice break house from the forties or fifties. Uh, but he had this little back porch where you have, you know, like one of those uh, latch, uh, blocks, you know, just like penn break one. You just put the whole, you know. Uh, but Dennis, after the, after the second part came through, uh, ripped it right off the bat. This, uh, underestimated
it. Uh, Dennis was around 100 and 20 miles an hour. Pretty strong. Uh,
Well,
what temperatures that get up there?
Negative
team that's not too terrible compared to like, uh,
the midwest. When I like michigan what not, It gets like negative 2030 Montana gets like negative 40.
Uh
well, it's 3 30. We can go ahead and go uh,
to have a good time with life, I guess. Uh.