yeah, because we just talked.
Oh yeah, my name is Jackson uh from boston
and I'm an artist.
school my family lives in florida, fort Lauderdale.
it's pretty cool, I love florida so much warmer than up here North.
I can imagine my dad's from Georgia super humid there.
Yeah, it's been like 90s here, there must be hundreds there.
I don't do you
and tens having
to wear a mask everywhere, it's really sweaty.
You're walking around there's no problem.
mm hmm.
I write a little bit uh I like to
go hiking with my dogs.
Uh we don't really know she's a rescue, we were told she was a german shepherd rottweiler mix, but she never
grew above like £40
the
shift
later. You didn't
do you have any pets?
Uh huh What are the name?
you're a dog person man,
no problem. Mhm. I'm more of a dog person to you but I like cats as well.
Yeah, I can understand that. I've lived with dogs all my life and every time it's just so rough.
Mhm. Absolutely. My girls three right now I got a bit more,
several more years with her but after that pretty sad.
if they don't have any complications or anything will be good.
Yeah exactly. I've had three rockies in the past Rottweilers and they've all had some sort of hip issues.
we go
yeah I'm tiger for bigger dogs. Mhm. Mhm. Uh
Yeah. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do?
Oh high school, I said
it again too.
That's hard. I like a lot of different types. Uh I've been playing a lot of dead by daylight recently. Have you heard of it?
Yeah it seems exciting. I also
like like some real playing games like divinity uh Like a portal and I have like far cry 2000°.. Things like that.
What's your favorite games do you play?
Yeah. That's cool.
Yeah. I've never played those but I've heard a lot of good things.
Yeah. I've always loved strategy game when I was a kid. I ever heard of the board game Risk. Yeah.
I love that as a kid
that's
all.
Had a lot
of time as well.
Uh Others of Catan. Oh yeah. Another strategy babe.
Have you played a X. Com? Yeah. Okay.
That is not
it's
difficult.
huh. Mhm. Yeah exactly. Like a
Borderlands, one of my favorites to borderlands three though I heard wasn't as good, I haven't gotten it yet.
Pc I've got a gaming computer.
mine's mine's a couple of years old by now. Yeah that's great. But uh I've got a whole bunch of games, my same library that I've never played.
I've only got 100 but
every Steam sale, I'm like wow, this game is like 10 bucks so I'll get it, I'll never play it, you'd be
crazy.
Oh yeah, I've been saving up for a switch because there's a lot of cool games on there that I want to try out.
Oh I've also been looking into getting an Oculus
uh the the quest to is about to come out so I'm going to see that what features it has.
Yeah, I've been waiting for a birthday or something for you to get that money. Mhm Yeah.
I've heard it's the best line now. Yeah.
with
me. Have
you ever tried virtual reality before? Like?
Mhm. That's a good call. There's a place near me and they have a huge arena and you everyone wears like retro daddy goggles and you can like fight zombies together. I haven't tried it because I got glasses, it doesn't fit, but it was really cool.
Yeah. Just virtual reality version and my college because they've got virtual reality rooms that you can rent out. Listen games like Pete saber.
Yeah, I only play one song before. My arms are tired.
I've been pretty good. My my college, I'm a sophomore and we went home and I've just been home ever since, but I haven't really been affected by no one of my family's caught it. Thank God.
Yeah, I've been doing online to the whole next year, I'm kind of bummed about it honestly because uh I have been that this is my sophomore year, so I have only had half my freshman year and then all of my sophomore year is going to be online. Kind of missing the college experience.
Bye.
I hope so, but we're going
we're definitely being charged
a lot for online
uh UMass Amherst Yeah,
yeah, it's uh nice, it's got the
best dining in the country.
Yeah, like food. Uh we have like for Halloween, we have full lobsters,
it kind of does, yeah uh
I live very close
so you know, a massachusetts A lot a lot a lobster. Uh What about you, have you been affected by covid at all?
you can now. Mhm,
help it resolves. Mhm.
Well that's good. I heard about the complication, I didn't think you'd be that bad at first as well. All my friends would be like as bad as bad as the flu, but then everything starts shutting down.
Yeah, I'm worried about the kids going back
to school.
hopefully that's true,
Yeah, which is good, I just know that kids tend to be not very hygienic.
I just turned 20 so if I get it, hopefully it'll be all it'll be all right.
Yeah, I'm a little complete myself but uh yeah hopefully
if I get it it won't be that best.
Mhm. My my parents, so I live with them when I'm not at college and they're in their fifties so I hope they don't get it. Mhm.
Um A little bit. Not much, nothing bad so, but you never know. Yeah,
I'm sorry
to hear that.
Well yeah.
Mhm. I got what you mean, that's good to hear. Mhm.
I had impression with diabetes once. Yeah,
Uh I think I was pre diabetic for a little bit,
yeah, I lost some weight and started to change my diet a little bit and I'm in the clear for now.
sure. Used to be a death sentence.
I had a cousin
who died of it before I was born,
I
don't know.
Not particularly, I wasn't really raised religious, I don't have a, mm.
Yeah. Yeah, me too. like I'm not I don't go to church or anything but it's nice to think of you know there's a meaning to all of us. Uh huh.
Yeah yeah
I think it's interesting to learn about different people's religions and stuff as well.
Yeah exactly and the history behind it all is super interesting and how these like different how it came to be and
buy back
Yeah. Oh yeah and that's that's intense Okay. Mhm
mhm Yeah exactly and to
make that sacrifice pretty
bold thing
mhm Yeah I've always all the uh whenever I hear about yeah buddhist monks and stuff they always have an incredible tolerance for that kind of thing.
it's just amazing to see what the human mind is capable of with the right sort of motivation Yeah
But
mhm,
mm Yeah, I understand that,
yeah, it's probably hard to give a conversation for so long.
yeah, like no offense, it seemed like an interesting person, but you know, there's no problem to anything, so, but The $50, it's a good motivation. Mhm
mostly I've been using it for, you know, buying myself personal things that I wouldn't get otherwise.
no,
that's really sweet,
so when we look forward to Yes,
me
too. Oh, I'm I'm
half jamaican, I don't
look at but
uh everyone's surprised them about that, but yeah, I lost, basically I was born and raised on
it Mhm
That is not the case up here. My friends have like hot cheetos and I like spicy for them.
My mother,
She
she came here when she was five.
Uh Get the whole time. My brother, he's uh people think he's hispanic because his skin tones in the middle, you know, I'm my mom was spot. Um And I just came out like this genetics are pretty
weird.
Pretty pretty dark.
Yeah. Um My dad has like hes alive too. If I came out with like really light eyes. Well, no one would ever even believe it, like some little art. Oh, my dad has hazel eyes and if I had light eyes and just like red hair and light skin, everyone just think I'm some Scottish kids.
That's my dad's side. Yeah.
The Scottish and irish from english. Mhm.
dr man.
But I always thought lighter eyes were cool.
my brother wears colored contacts because um he always thinks they look really nice.
true.
Mhm. Mhm. I'm burning so bad Either. I have friends who in the winter
the sun reflecting off the snow, we'll give them some burns
that
20% Irish or something.
Very well. Mhm
mm.
Yeah. Have you ever been up here?
Yeah there's a lot of cold
here uh In 2015 we got 11 ft of snow
check.
Of course.
Hello?
Mhm. My my mom moved from to make that to the miracle. They moved up to Brooklyn the first winter. They were like we can't deal with this much now went back down to florida.
I can't imagine how bad it is down there because even we are having hurricane warnings right now.
I'm glad to be hit you guys because it's always worse than himself.
supplements.
it's a pretty into the rain but I like to go camping with them up in Vermont and obviously campaign and the rain is even if it's not a rough start, canister annoying
to have water welcome
sometimes. Um I live in a pretty elevated area so I'm usually fine.
Yeah my family lives down there so we check in on them a lot when we had the first hurricane hit like the first big one head up here. Um My mom like yeah put water into bins and did all this preparing and got like stored up food and all he got was a little rain and she's just a florida hurricane so.
I used
to go down
every
summer and one time we were living in the middle of it and we would like freaking out. I've never seen such like harsh and stuff and my grandma are braving from us uh from our driveway like nothing was wrong because you guys are you there?
Yeah. You guys got there, that one Okay,
Yeah, I would be a pretty sight but pretty quickly at the same time.
Yeah. Thanks so.
accident.
we don't have anything like that up here. Also goes all around. Yeah. What we really get is uh ice storms are the worst because power outages in the winter. No, he And when there's like five ft of snow
outside, you got to go to a hotel or for you
the
lowest I've seen negative teams.
huh.
Yeah and Canada and stuff. Oh
are up in new york. Some some houses I've seen have like a a door at the second hole because they get so much, no, they can't get out of their friends are.
nice talking again.