Yeah. Hello.
Hi. Oh
I keep your view. Is there something wrong with my,
here we go? Oh at
first I couldn't hear you so I I mean sure I corrected it. Okay we're all good, you
can hear
me okay
cool,
nice to meet you. Hi mike. Oh that's my husband's name.
I'm Angela.
Oh well that's a nice name too, so that's a very positive name. Cool. Is um may I ask like where you're at or
like
Oh yeah. Yeah I think my husband has some family over there, we visited over there once but it was a long time ago. I kind of don't remember. It's super well anymore
but cool.
Yes. How did you know?
I'm?
Oh that's funny.
did.
Oh cool. Cool. Yes yes. Yeah I only did this like once really late. I signed up for 11 PM ones and you know our time and I was matched up with someone in um Washington state. So yeah I mean for you then that would be like two a.m. So uh Yes.
Oh are they? Wait I don't follow sports. Is that going on right now?
Like
there's
wow. That sounds interesting. I've never heard of that. Cool.
That makes sense. Is that something that's like televised? Is that like on the internet or
like
how do
you how do you watch
that?
Oh okay. Is there teams like multiple all over the US or is it like worldwide?
you know what?
Uh huh. Yeah. Well that sounds newt. So you were you were already watching that or you're going to watch that?
your does your wife stay up late to, are you guys like?
night
owl?
Oh yes. Yes. That's a huge, yeah. Okay.
Cool.
Yeah. My
No, no, go ahead.
Oh wow. That's some dedication. Yeah. That's cool. I was just gonna say that like my, my husband is also like a night owl. Like it sounds like you and your wife are night owls. I always wonder like, how do, how do couples like where one is a night owl and one is like an early bird? Like how do they deal with that, you know?
four hours, wow. So
you
have
of energy,
wow, interesting, interesting. Well, I guess like your, you can, so you can match with like both types of people
where
yeah, that's nice. Do you like have your own business or are you like? Oh, that's cool.
Yeah. That's awesome. Where you like, so you were doing that from home? I'm assuming before the pandemic, but
it didn't,
it doesn't affect you as
much
as, you
know.
First.
Yeah. So do you feel like the pandemic like has that affected your business? Like do you think there's like more people ordering
now or like less or
the
same?
Yeah. Maybe it all evens out. Yeah.
Right. That's cool. That's cool. Yes, may I ask like, like what about, what does your wife that's
smart.
I, I also don't work, I must stay at home mom. So my husband is the soul, you know provider. So grateful for that.
No, that's cool. Very cool.
that's we, we were also married in december december
anniversary.
day wow!
I wonder how many people are if that's like a popular day or not popular day to get married? Mhm
That's cool,
that's cool. Mhm.
Oh nice, nice, it's very like there's a lot of there's a lot more rain over there right, so it's more green, I remember
when
we went to the east Coast, it's more green, I mean so dry and in California,
so
nice.
Oh wow, that's nice. Can you like do stuff like in the creek or on the creek? Like
what
what
do you do? Oh
fish
Oh have fun.
you guys have a boat, you can just take the boat?
Uh huh that's
that sounds like it be fun for kids are they're like other families like along the creek and you see other kids around her?
Oh yeah, that sounds super fun. Mhm.
Oh I see. So yeah, different, different.
Yes. Oh I've heard of that city a lot like
you hear it here and there but I've never been there.
That's very
Oh that is tiny. Uh huh
We're running. Mhm.
I
wanna,
it's Mhm.
What?
Oh yeah. So are you like, so do you like really enjoy like spending time in nature like outside
All
right. Yeah. Very nice.
You
and
after.
I love watching hummingbirds. You guys have humming birds too?
Nice. Mhm. Do you guys like grow any of your own like fruits
or vegetables or anything?
Oh my good.
Oh my goodness,
wow, that's quite a
variety.
Oh and cabbage? Oh I love cabbage, wow. Do
you find, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's awesome. Do you find certain um ones like easier than others to grow or?
Yeah, do we need to get into that? But I'm not, I have like a black thumb, I do not have a green thumb, so it's so intimidating to me, but that's cool.
wow, so you're a big like you like to eat super hot pepper? Big pepper fan?
Mhm. Uh huh Are you big into like cooking and stuff?
that's awesome,
Oh wow, it sounds yummy.
No,
no, no.
Oh yeah, that makes
sense.
And wow. Yeah, that's long hours.
Yeah, yeah, it sounds hard on your body because you're like standing and your, I mean this dress on your body
seems like a lot.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Now you you would have to wear a mask in there now you can get super hot to wear a mask while you're doing that would be hard.
Yeah, very hot. Uh huh.
I like cooking, but I'm one of those people I like to cook to eat. So like I like to um make delicious food. But I don't know that I'm the person who likes to cook just to cook. Like like my kids want me to like bake stuff and I'm not a big like um dessert person. Like I like salty food more than sweets. And so I find that I've used up all these like measuring spoons and measuring cups and then all I get is like 24 little, you know, cupcakes or whatever. And I used up all these molds and the mixture and listen that like all the, I'm like, like I'd rather make like a big pot of food. You know, like, you know, even if I did I make a lot of one pot meals, stuff like that. So yeah, I'm definitely not a chef but
There you go.
Yeah.
I've been trying to make stuff because my my daughter had a birthday recently to make stuff from scratch without the like, you know, artificial colors and stuff from, you know how like at the store bought ones have all this, you know, gross
ingredients
in it. Yeah. Yeah. But then it's just like way more work to like make make, you know, cakes from scratch. And then like they requested some like strange, strange um flavors. Like 11 of my kids wanted like orange cake and then one wanted strawberry cake. So I was like trying to figure out like, okay, so I have to buy strawberries and then like reduce it, you know, on the stove and you know, like, you know, versus like I didn't want to just buy like red dye, you know, So it's like, it takes a lot more work to mix up from scratch and yeah.
Yeah, it's amazing how when you go in the store and you read the package, you're like, wow, what is all this stuff like all these chemical names? Hmm, interesting.
10.
Yes.
Yeah, That's awesome.
right. Uh huh. Uh
that's so kind of you to do that too. Like I'm sure your friends appreciate that a lot. Like
listen
to me.
I would.
that's awesome.
Well, that's so cool. That's nice. Yes. So do you do you see any of your friends or family like on video chat or like is it mostly like you can just see them in person because they're close by?
That's
so
Yeah. Yeah, that's so neat to be able to connect with people all over the world. Yeah.
Do you like, I don't know how that works. I've never played that before, but do you see their face to or like
Okay.
huh.
That's neat. That's really exciting. It seems like your world is like really big, like you get to meet people all over. I think my world is kind of small. I mostly just, you know, my our friends and family are all locals so yeah, that's pretty cool. It's cool to be able to meet people from other places.
And you only need four hours of sleep so you
Yeah. Cool. Do you feel like the pandemic has affected you in certain ways or do you feel like it hasn't like been
too
much?
Right. And you can just like shop in your own backyard or front yard, like you don't have to go grocery shopping practically.
Very cool. I like I get bug bites really bad, so I'm always like always get mosquito bites, but there's like a lot of mosquitoes over there, right or no?
And
oh, that's
good.
Oh, I see.
Stop. That's yeah. Uh
Mhm.
Yeah. Nice.
Yeah. That's always been my issue with like going going, I'm not like too much of a nature person because I like my husband, like even the work, we go to the same spots. Like I'm always the one with like five bites and he has zero bytes and I'm like, what in the world? Like what? I think they just are attracted to more so just certain people's blood than other people's blood. Huh? Then I don't know. Anyways,
Oh, like drink, I drink
a lot of water. Oh, I don't drink, I don't drink any alcohol.
But I do drink a lot of water. I'm very hydrated versus my husband is like, he never drinks anything. I'm always telling you need to drink more water so I don't know. Maybe it's easier to get to my veins or something. I don't know.
Mm Yes, that's good.
Lots of water in that. Cool. I've heard of people who like make their own beer. Have you ever tried that?
Right. Cool.
Oh yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, it's nice chatting with you.
Okay. You too.