Hey how's it going? Yeah.
All right.
All
what's that?
True.
Everything's
working
Yeah.
All right nice to meet you.
that's awesome.
Oh Angela. That's a nice name. My wife's name is sonny.
I'm in
pennsylvania. Yeah if you know where Scranton is um close by that
I'm
gonna take a wild guess and say that you're in California.
Every single person they've matched
me with has been in California
and plus it's late at night here I'm on the east coast it's 11 o'clock it's eight p.m. For you. But
I probably my brother lives in the bay Area so.
I had to stay up late tonight to watch football anyway so.
Well
it's
not not the NFL football that has that doesn't start till next month but there's a semi pro league called the A. Seven FL. And they play and they play seven on 7 with no pads. No helmets. Just just men playing football. Yeah.
they their theory is basically that uh people don't have all the heavy pads and helmets, there'll be more careful because when you have the helmet on you use your helmets or remnants of people and then you get concussions. If you don't have a helmet on you're not going to use your head as a weapon. Uh huh.
Well
it's
televised
and
It's it's televised on the 11 network and it's also streamed live on Facebook every game.
Well it's over the US and not even the entire US yet. It's still it's a pretty new league. There's only about four years old. So they're expanding, expanding and expanding. They started out in New Jersey and then they spread dependent texas, um
florida. They're trying to open up a states now so that they can have more teams because they have the more games they can play, the more money they make.
No it ended it ended a little while ago but I had to stay up to watch it. She
usually yeah, she
was she
was watching me, she was watching the game with me until the third quarter then she stopped, It was 49-7, so we already knew it was going to win.
Yeah, they actually stopped the game before it was over because they felt bad for the other team. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah
and so Oh God
uh since it's not a full like professional league, it's only semi pro, all the players have paid jobs, like most of those guys that play tonight have to go to work tomorrow.
Well I'm a night owl and an early bird. I only sleep about four hours a night usually. So
I'll
go
to sleep
around, I'll go to sleep around 67 and I'll wake up 1011.
Yeah. And since I work from home, I make my own hours on my own boss.
So,
I manufacture and sell the juice that goes in these things. Yeah.
I've
never,
no,
I've never
had
an office. All of my orders come in by the internet or by phone. So I just sit in my house when they tell me what they want. I mix it up and send it
to them. Mhm.
Well,
I
mean
it's, I mean I've had some slow weeks, but I've also had some weeks that we're better than usual, so it's kind of a crap shoot, you know?
Okay. I'll know why. Sure. At the end of the year when I, when I fill out all my financial paperwork.
no my wife doesn't
work. Yeah,
we don't even have any kids so my life is just to stay at home person.
We were married eight years now. B nine in December. Yeah.
Our anniversary
is christmas right?
It's
No we didn't have any problems,
weren't anybody seen him in line?
Yeah, we're out in the middle of nowhere too so it's nice and quiet.
It's
definitely
so this screen everywhere
I go outside my house, there's a creek. Yeah.
Yeah. In the summer the all the trees to overthrow the creek and it's like a tunnel. It's so beautiful.
Please
ma'am, you
can fish
swimming
15 voting right?
Yeah. And it's cool because the same exact creek runs up 17 miles away behind my mother in law's house. So when we go to visit her it's the same creek dan
it's just a little one we'd have to row.
Hey, it's only a little nine footer. Okay.
absolutely. Especially when you go up by my mother in this house, there's so You'll see like 15, 20 kids playing in the creek.
it's a great place for kids. It really is kind of jealous. My wife got to grow up there. I grew up in Jersey, surrounded by concrete.
Born and raised in Hoboken.
True.
It's a tiny little city.
It's only one square mile.
I spent the 1st 19 years of my life there and
that. I moved around for a bit. I finally settled in pennsylvania. It's nice out here. We've got everything you want. I mean the view from my window is amazing. There's mountains outside, there's trees,
there's
rivers.
Like I
said, I grew up surrounded by buildings and I mean I hated it. I wanted to be around nature.
Absolutely. Every every morning when the sun rises I go outside and I watched the bees in my yard going from the flowers to the flowers, the trees, it's super
relaxing.
You've
got a million bumble bees in the yard so and and they're
not
meeting their bumble bees, they're just cute. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah, we've got a hummingbird feeder sitting on a tree in our backyard actually.
Absolutely.
Absolutely tomatoes, peppers, lettuce, hot peppers, onions, garlic. Uh We've done corn, uh squash, zucchini, cucumbers,
um watermelons, pumpkins,
spinach, kale and I know I'm forgetting a couple but that's most of it.
fabric
we didn't happen to.
lost
I love growing cabbage because it's I mean it's cheap in the store but if you grow your own it's right and they are you don't even have to go to the store. I can just chop that. Shut up and make some egg rolls.
tomatoes are the easiest by far, all you gotta do is chuck a tomato in the backyard and it'll rot and when it rots the seeds germinate in the growth, you don't even have to dig, you don't have to do anything. You just throw a tomato in the backyard. Yeah.
I get really into growing hot peppers every few years because when I draw them I grow enough to last a few years and then I drive them out so they don't go bad. I'm well hoping to get my hands on some of those pepper exceeds the hottest pepper in the world. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I love hot sauce. I ferment my own hot sauce. So yeah. Got to get it exactly the way you like it and you can only do that if you make yourself.
Yeah. I went to culinary school, I was a chef for 10 years. It's
lot of that translated over because what I do with this juice is I make recipes based on food. Like this one right now is banana cheesecake.
So I took a lot of the things I learned from college about how flavors work together and what
not layering.
And I applied that to my new profession.
I couldn't
I couldn't work in Kitchens anymore. It's too much. I was working 10-12 hours a day.
Yeah, I mean the pay was good, I was making 100 grand a year but I just it was too much.
Absolutely.
And plastic. It's so hot in those kitchens. Okay. Yeah, I did it when I was younger, but there's no I'm almost 40 now. There's no way I'm doing that now.
Got six deep fryers around the same time. It's pretty odd
moment.
Yeah. I'm not big on sweets myself, but my wife loves them so I'll make her cakes and stuff. I don't I eat a little bit of it, but I get most of my sweets from this, so.
Zero calories. Yeah.
Oh
all the
additives, conservatives.
Absolutely, That's a lot of people take shortcuts and I mean they say these all these guys and stuff are safe, but I don't know, I'd rather not eat them. Yeah.
If I look at the package and I need to pull out my phone and google something, then I'm not buying. Okay. Yeah, all of the
ingredients in the food should be food. Uh huh.
I love cooking for other people, so that's well, a lot of, a lot of the reason I went I went into being a chef was because I just love seeing people enjoy my food when I, when I send a plate out to somebody and it puts a big smile on their face. That not fulfilled. I feel like I accomplished something
after I quit the restaurant. My hobby is basically hosting dinner parties for my friends. So I'll make, I'll make up a nice dish and have a few people over. Not recently, obviously, but
now I've got to do it like the social distance dinner party where I just make up, take out trays and drop them off at their front door, ring the bell and leave.
Oh yeah. And my
best friend
lives
less than 100 ft from me so mm
I can walk to his house and 40 seconds.
Well some of my friends are close by but a lot of my friends I made on the internet playing like on my video games. So I'll use WhatsApp to talk to most of them. Yeah, I've got friends all over the place because a lot of these online games you're playing with people from different countries. Thank you. I've got friends in Iraq Bangladesh. I've got friends in uh India like all
over
the world. Great.
And you can form some real connections over those games because you're playing with the same people every single day and you're talking to them and big they become real friends even if you never meet him in person. Mhm
not in the game but when you're talking to them on the video chat. Yeah. Right,
because a lot of the games, you have teams, right?
So you've got a 60 person team, All 60 of you are on either Facebook or WhatsApp or something like that, and you're in a group chat together so that you can plan out your strategies and that way like you know what each player is doing so that you can team up and have a better chance if you weren't, nobody could coordinate and you wouldn't know what your team wants you to do, you wouldn't be able to tell them what you want them to do. So that's how you end up. You start out talking to people like that. And then since since you're already friends on facebook or whatever, okay, we'll add me on WhatsApp video chat hey?
Especially with my weird schedule, I end up making a lot of friends from europe because they're five hours ahead of us. Just Uh huh.
Sometimes I take six, I sleep in, but yeah.
It
hasn't
it hasn't been too bad, the only real difference is that I go out with a mask on now. I still only leave my house like twice a month. I stay home all the time because I mean I work from home and I mean I live here obviously, so.
and even in the winter I throw food indoors too, so yeah I use the led light panels, they're supposed to be wed but they work just fine for tomatoes less but. Mhm.
Not on my property
in particular because
we have
the creek and it's moving water, not still water, but if you go like a half a mile away from my house there's this bog and it's just it's almost a swamp so it's just stagnant water and there's a ton of mosquitoes that
but they don't bother coming here because there's nothing for them here. They already have a nice place to live.
can live in the bog and lay their eggs in the water and everything is fine for them. It keeps them away from me, so it's a win win. Mm
hmm,
wow.
Yeah, I know mosquitoes like people who drink better than people who don't
alcohol.
also that can be it then.
Yeah, I try to drink 72 oz of water a day.
I drink a ton of beer, so that counts too.
I've done it, but It's not really worth the effort when I can get a 30 pack for $15. Mhm. It's easier to just head down to the beer distributor, come back with six case. Mhm.
And plus when you're buying it from the store, you know what that brand tastes like and you've got no surprises. You know, if you like it or not before you even buy it, Thank you. If you threw the beer yourself, you don't really know what it's going to taste like until it's john. So you could have spent all that time working on it and then you don't even like it.
Yeah. Oh well, that's the 25 minutes. It was nice chatting with you.
Have a great night
program.