SPEAKER_L: In Chapter three, but I could find at least. So let's move on baby. Chapter four. Okay guys, we're in Chapter four. Now, we're gonna be searching some more recordings. None of this opening room. It's always over guys for his one which says he can't be saved. Which is obviously a reference to Boris because Boris was just taken by Alice Angel. And yeah, he can't be saved. Because you know what happens at the end of the chapter, Susie's Alice has always transformed Boris into this hideous sort of brute cut. So, you know, it's kind of a Okay guys, we're going into the maintenance area now where these trains are and the flooded room with norman pots, projectionists where he pops up. Once again, You're actually unable to use the looking glass in this room with Boris guys all on the ride for that matter. So there wasn't any more recordings in Chapter four. But I just wanted to let you guys know that this room doesn't hold any secrets as far as I can tell, because we're gonna move to chapter five and look for the last secret messages. Here's a look inside and you will need this. And this just proves again, you know, there's no way he would know who was a wrench there unless he's done this before. So he's left himself a way out. Now, if we look at his drawings here, Henry sketches, he's put a message, you draw beautifully. So he's giving himself a little compliment, which is kind of a bit egotistical, but at the same time, he's just confident in himself, hasn't got much else to live for the moment, has it? There's not really anything else in uh this room. Guys, apart The Big Fish here, which is an easter egg reference to book past two. Used to be a lovely guy chatting on twitter a few times. He's one of the team involved in making the game believe. Creative director, that's the book, pasta fish there, that's a little reference to remember on the team. They go through here, guys and see another message just on the wall, just as follow me, it's just Henry leading himself down the path. So we'll skip ahead to the next message now guys, because as we go through the caverns here and we emerge where Alison and tom are taking a barge away downstream before we get on our barge, we can actually look down on the floor and it'll say there's something in the river Henry's warning himself about a giant bend, the creature that's living beneath the surface of the river. Of course, it may not be bending himself, but I believe it could be a morgue version of bending we've seen at the end of this chapter, Bendy Can a Ball. Right, so it's just arriving inside the village of the Most wonderful or shantytown in the studios. There's actually a couple of messages here guys that we can pick up on the first one is over here on this house, he says you bring death with a skull on the youth. So obviously Henry's sort of saying you know by coming here we're gonna end up fighting all of the Muslims, living huge with just workers of the studio and end up harming them. And he's even written above the knot, wants to sign hurt over the top of that. Once people now fallen into despair and see it's kind of like a little shrines for lost one to all their hands. It's on there and I can leave that. Ski only they're the only ones I can find in this area. The only messages I can find maybe more hidden around here, but that's all I can see personally. So we'll move on to the next section after we fall down. This giant kit, which obviously we know now Henry can survive because he's in a cartoon world, which is why you can keep surviving these massive drops. Look here, we can see another message which says it's inside the box. Henry just leading himself towards his final objective. Okay guys, we got to the office of Joey drew. Now and now once we go into this room, there's actually a secret message within Joey's office which you can see when we look at the wall behind us guys as we come through that door, call it behind us and says who is the man behind the monster? He's asking the question, who is Joey? Really like who is the man behind the monster? Can we finally get to find out with this audio log and find out what it is, Joey but obviously pulled Susie Campbell into you becoming Alice Angel for first experiment of many at the studio, Joey drew truly was a monstrous man has become part of a bolt area here and if we go over to the back war, you'll see another secret message which says the demon has taken it because once we go inside the box below, you'll see that it's actually empty. Looks like whatever it was here was taken long ago. Okay guys, did you remember how earlier I said that if you give forest bone in chapter three, you'll get a secret to do with thomas Collins version of forests in the chapter five. Well this is the secret, see he's actually got a bone in his mouth. Once again, it's kind of like the ghost of the bone I suppose. And I guess this is Henry is contemplating on back to this forest, reminds me a little bit of his. Although the personality is obviously very different. Do you think the over Boris was frank's? To be honest? And this one is thomas Connor of course, you can also see the little halo above Allison's head, this uh glass as well, which kind of shows for Alison? Yes, indeed Alice. If we didn't already know, as you can see here, we've reached the final boss battle and this natural secrets during this boss battle, just basically show you how to get the best routes I believe, to call believers in sequence. As you can see here got arrows which sort of lean off, way around Uh two different our two different leaders around the room. Let's show you the next ones down here, playbacks rounds and avoid bending. Go to the second leave launches here, Henry is obviously this lets himself directions here leading to the relevant places where the leaves about. There's a message here by this door guy which is open this door which is just Henry basically telling himself to call believers. I think it's more just therefore players who can't figure out what to do in that area. Although the first time I plate is, I can actually think too look through the looking glass in this part. But that is the last a lot of messages in Bendy. I mean chapter five and that concludes this video goes that every message will find well at least everyone I know of at least France any in this final room here. As you can see apart from the arrow over there, which is just showing you to go, so that is it for the video. And yeah, go check on my theory about the ending of chapter five. If you want a detailed analysis on everything that happened. And I hope you enjoyed this one. It's been quite a chill now and laid back when I think of course if you have enjoyed today's video guys protecting you know, it's, it's trying to channel use just like this one as well as he'd be a comment down below and let me know what you think the secret messages until next time. I'll say goodbye. Have today and I'll see. Yeah. Okay. So we go, Yes. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. It's incredible. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Mhm Yeah. Nothing personal. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. I just want to get together. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. You don't, yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Go.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, man. I was convinced that this thing was actually like a scam and didn't actually work.
SPEAKER_R: It's always one of those things that you have to get in the back of your mind, usually when they tell you you're gonna match the person, it turns out to be like, oh, sorry, we ran into technical difficulties here is a fake person.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Yeah. That's one thing I was like, cause you're actually, this is like the fourth time I've done this. And I was like, man, I wonder if it's like, how many times like how persistent are you? It's like, how much do you really want the money
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. Yeah, I actually sent up the first time and then totally forgot about it.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: And I
SPEAKER_L: mean?
SPEAKER_R: actually message that was like, I'm really sorry I missed my time. Is there anything else I can do it again? They're like, we're doing a bunch of these, so there's like sign up for the next one. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, have you, have you found any like interesting surveys on prolific aside from this one?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Uh nothing like particularly stand out, but I've been on prolific for probably a year, maybe two years at this point. So I've probably done a couple of 100 surveys. Used to be like my go to like instead of like playing like a dumb game on my phone or something, I'll just pull up prolific. Like might as well make 20 cents instead of like a level of candy crush or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Right, Right. Well, it's a little more like pretty interesting. Um I don't know, like one of the ones I did was just like uh was like, you know, they give you like part of the picture. I need to try and pick like which, like what was the bigger picture you thought it was part of? Um,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: and it was like, you know, it was interesting cause it was like, you know, if you saw a woman vacuuming, you know, would you think should be on a beach or blah blah, blah, whatever, whatever.
SPEAKER_R: How sure.
SPEAKER_L: Someone was
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if it's just from like the questions that I answered in my profile, but I feel like I get a lot about like workplace questions and so I kind of like it just because it makes me think about the stuff I do at work and so like even like even if things like think of a time that was like a negative experience in your workplace or whatever, I'm like, oh the thing about anything like what could I do differently at work or
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: parents,
SPEAKER_R: Stuff like that. So yeah, it's interesting. I mean I think I've made probably like $300 at this point. So it's a, it's like a little side hobby of mine and provide some some spare change. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean how did you even find out about prolific? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I think it was from like on Reddit, there's like a beer money suburb. It was just
SPEAKER_L: People.
SPEAKER_R: like you know little ways to make like $5 here and there and then I've done a few other surveys. Like respondent is another good one. They didn't like longer length ones but they're usually they pay more. So like I've done a few of them where it's like it was for an hour or something but it paid like $50. So who are you?
SPEAKER_L: Um I used to, I did grad school um for psych, so one of the things that people used a lot was like a survey out and try and get answers and stuff like that for it. Um, So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like, like mturk I guess is like the big one. So I
SPEAKER_R: In.
SPEAKER_L: looked at that one, but it was like, everything was like, you know, 10, 11, 12 cents. The only ones that were longer was like listen to this hour long speech and then transcribe it. And I was like, uh sometime this evening.
SPEAKER_R: husband.
SPEAKER_L: I mean you have any interest in like psych stuff or was it just like from the reddit thread?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I mean I took intro to psychology like back in college like I'm under grains. I think it's interesting generally but I don't have like a, I wouldn't say like I'm passionate about it or particular interest but like I said just it's a better way to kill like five minutes. That's two surveys and it's like scrolled on twitter or anything like that. So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Remember I was on like a super long flight one time and um I brought like dvds to watch my laptop and then I'm an idiot and like didn't look my laptop doesn't have like a DVD drive so
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: watch any of it. So I just ended playing candy crush for like four hours. Remember why it's so addictive?
SPEAKER_R: I know for sure. I feel like like its popularity wave and then it's like started bubbling back up. My wife just started playing it again recently and I was like, please keep that away from me. I don't need that addiction. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I was when I was sitting there, I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: guess.
SPEAKER_L: all like, okay, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say when I was like going through this, I don't know are there any particular prompts or anything that we're supposed to be discussing or talking about?
SPEAKER_L: I don't remember um I know. Yeah, like that was one of the things that made me think it was, it was just like a, you know, set up to see how many times you would do. It was like yeah, I don't think there's supposed to be anything.
SPEAKER_R: I guess not just as you can talk about whatever you like, interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. Yeah. It was like the last time I did this. Uh And also I was like, have you ever seen Community?
SPEAKER_R: I actually just started watching that like within the last month. I'm so like, I think maybe in the season one, Maybe
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: season.
SPEAKER_L: right. Did you get to the one where um there were the names? The one girl does like a psych experiment. Um Abed and Troy are in the in the stock room and it's like to see how long they sit in there and wait. Yeah, I was like this must be like that. So I'm like I'm gonna wait super duper long. Just throw up all the numbers. Good.
SPEAKER_R: That one was pretty funny. Love the just like, I guess like the post credits, just like the 32nd little skits they do at the end. They're really funny.
SPEAKER_L: I started to think that like he's that Danny glover is like so ridiculously famous now, like that sort of like catapulted him in.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Childish Gambino. It's some of my playlist in a couple of spots, talented dude. No, the, uh, I guess well, some of the survey prompts, like initially we're talking about like the coronavirus and stuff. Are you any place where it's like super bad?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Jersey right now, so it's like pretty close to new york city. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in like the suburbs around Atlanta. So Atlanta has had like a decent amount of cases and Georgia itself hasn't been too wild, but I feel like we've been kind of at the forefront of like the reopening stuff. It's like our governor has been a big proponent of like reopening everything. It's just interesting seeing how things like play out like kind of where I'm at. Most people are not wearing masks, but the closer you get to the city than everyone is wearing a mask. So it's just kind of interesting. I'm like in this weird like in between spot where you have like a lot of people saying like, you know, the whole the whole state should be open, no mask at all. Then you have another part where everything is like lockdown
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean out here it's like you you have to work like everywhere. Like you get like I've had people, I've watched people get yelled at for like just walking down the street and not wearing one, it's like not if it's not with somebody just walking by themselves, like they still get like somebody just started yelling at them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I've seen some people are going for a walk like by themselves with a mask on. No, I guess to me that seems like overly cautious, but if you're because if you're not going by anyone and you're just by yourself like that, like when I go running, I certainly like not going to wear a mask counterproductive. But
SPEAKER_L: Kill yourself in the first half hours, like stuck in the accident.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but like yesterday world and I was out shopping and stuff and I would say there was probably like B 40% of people were wearing one. I was at R. E. I. And they have a mask policies like you couldn't go without a mask. But um then I was at cabela's and like no one that cabela's was wearing a mask I thought was interesting was like seeing, it's like almost like the, it's like the same crowd in the sense of like, it's like outdoor enthusiasts, but like, I would just say from my own personal experience, I don't know if this is like plays out everywhere. It's like cabela's excuse, I would say a lot more like conservative and ari excuse a lot more liberal. So this is interesting to see like our ai mandatory masks and the cabela's, there's like no, no one's wearing a mask. So it was kind of interesting to sing like those two like groups, I would say like generally are like the same crowd, but that's like, that is a kind of where I say like I see a device sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: And others grocery stores.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, sorry. Ari I is like uh like what's that stand for? It's like recreation or something, but like all outdoorsy, like stuff, so like camping equipment, rock climbing gear, stuff like that, and cabela's is like the same kind of stuff, but then also like a little bit more like hunting for it or focus. Um So yeah, I'm just planning a trip for in a couple of weeks to some national parks. So I was going out just like getting some gear.
SPEAKER_L: it's like even uh even like just like everywhere here, like people wearing masks, like hiking and stuff like that and it's like, you know, maybe not necessarily like the full like medical mask or even just like bandanas and stuff like that. Just like, I don't know. But New Jersey is like being like super duper dad, remember I have one friend who's, she's in Virginia and she's pregnant. And one of the things they asked was not like, you know, have you been to, you know Italy or Spain or wherever the big countries were, it was like, have you been to New Jersey in the past few months? Because like New Jersey was like so bad with Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: well. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean, how is it, have you been into Atlanta like in the actual city?
SPEAKER_R: not a ton. I mean generally were like, even when we are, I guess I'm not really officially on lockdown, like every place we would go is pretty much still closed. So it's like there's not really a point in going into the city. Like typically like if we go downtown it would be to go like out to eat or to some event or something like that. All the events are canceled and all the restaurants are just doing curbside or take out so there isn't really like a ton to do in the city right now, so I haven't really been downtown at all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's the same thing with new york like they will actually like, they've cordoned off like sections of the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: street to put up like curbside like table like that just so that they can actually stay open and like actually do business and have people sit down.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of crazy like how fast like business is just totally shifted their entire delivery mechanism and just their customer stuff. Like I went to, it was like a Hibachi grill place the other day and they had redone their entryway to now basically instead of like having a door, you could even go in was built up to just be a delivery window. And so there's like, they're clearly anticipating this is going to go on for a while, have no intent of having people inside the restaurant for a while because it was like a semi permanent structure that they created their like a false wall. So
SPEAKER_L: by my sister's uh she's a manager for, I don't know if you know like my moods falafels, but she's like a regional manager for like that and she was saying that some of the some of the restaurant business is not doing well, but one was like a caviar delivery service did like It was like $90,000 in deliveries in the past like two or three months. And she's like that's like sort of like who wants caviar much less get delivered to their place, bring people in new york, do whatever they want to do.
SPEAKER_R: Well I think also to everyone just going a little stir crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see, I guess like how long the lockdown like persists or if like there will be some states that will just like open up completely and then there are states that will stay like lockdown for a while. I call that place ever. I was down in florida probably like a month, month and a half ago when I feel like things were still like super bad, Located No one was wearing a mask, like not person. So I wonder like what it's like down there today.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I know it's because like they they have I don't think they ever really closed down at all like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: appreciate it kept everything open.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they were one of the ones I think that stayed mostly open and just like some of the places like out west, they're just so rural and open like Montana and South Dakota, They're like, we don't have enough people to Like by nature. Everyone is already 15 ft apart so like lockdowns can really change anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I remember reading something about how like there was like a texas don't know fraternity or something that like they did they you know spring break was during quarantine time, they went to florida and like have the 86 people who went like 50 of them end up getting corona
SPEAKER_R: Dad.
SPEAKER_L: from florida. It's like oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would say like generally I'm pretty risk tolerant. It's like when you know that there is like a guaranteed chance of like exposing yourself. I feel like that's just not smart.
SPEAKER_L: Right, right, right. Exactly,
SPEAKER_R: Like I had a buddy, I was supposed to meet up with lunch with for last week and he was like, well, it's like, I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: we should meet up. He's like, they had someone else come to their apartment earlier in the week and they tested positive for corona, So he
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: was going to go get tested and so he was like, I probably shouldn't have lunch with you until I find out. For sure. Yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: please
SPEAKER_R: right, I would like to have lunch with you. But if you think you have coronavirus, that just seems dumb. So no, it's a mess.
SPEAKER_L: mm I have a friend in boston who he was, he knew some guy who like you know totally self isolated like didn't go out of the apartment except for groceries, met up like with one friend for one drink and end up getting it from like that one time
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: and it's just like, like what we supposed to do with, like he's still careful and he still gets it like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting too, is like, I don't have a five year old and like just my son is just always like asking questions about like what we're allowed to do and like what we're not allowed to do. And I feel like the answer changes like all the time. Uh huh. Because like our park, we have like a park, like probably like two blocks from our house. It was closed down was like no one's there. So I was like, why is the park close? You know? And so it's like, well we don't want to go and we get risk, you know? Get exposed to the virus. He's like, but no one's at the park is like, well, I mean that's true, but if they open the park, then everyone would go to the park just watching him to like figure out like what all this is because it's not like he's five. Like he really understands the concept of germs and viruses and everything anyway. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like, I mean how how is he handling everything? Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's like to some degree, he doesn't have like a frame of reference and like, other things to compare it to. It's not like he knows that this is unusual, you know? It's just like he's still just discovering the world and like everything is new and novel. So it's kind of like, oh, this is a weird thing that's going on right now and teaches kind of rolls with the punches in some ways. It's like kids are more resilient than we are just because we don't have expectations of like what things should be like. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I mean at this point like school would be out for the summer anyway, so he would be home. Generally. The only thing is weird is that I don't go to work, I just stay home and work on my computer. So that's kind of weird for him. But otherwise I feel like he's taking it pretty much destroyed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well maybe you send us and school like super duper early though, right? In Georgia? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we were done the last week of May.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow, that's, yeah, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: So this Jersey like shifted back.
SPEAKER_L: Um I think they got out Like June 1920, something like that, so that's like pretty,
SPEAKER_R: not too
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: simple tonight.
SPEAKER_R: that's well, yeah. I mean, I feel like things are mostly normal what they would be like a summer at this point, except like our options for going places are a lot more limited. But some of the places have opened up because like I said like Georgia's pretty much opening, It's just a lot of restrictions about capacity. So like we went to the swimming pool the other day, but you have to register in advance for what time you wanted to go because they were only allowing like 50 people in at a time.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like it didn't really stop us from going. We just couldn't be as spontaneous I guess. It has been more proactive about like planning and make sure that they weren't overwhelmed with people.
SPEAKER_L: That's, that's actually like a pretty good solution I guess. Um mhm. Because I, I used to work for an advertising company and they specialize in advertising for gyms and I was like, I hated that place. So I'm like, oh man, it must be doing so like so poorly right now because nobody wants to go to the gym. Nobody wants to pay money for the problems of eventually opening up and getting to go in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well it's going to get you an auto paint right? They probably still are just anyway. But yeah, I mean I think some of the gyms around here that have reopened are basically just like you can go, but then every so often they just like not like closed down but essentially clear everything out, wipe everything down and then reopen again every few hours. So um like one of the places we went to this is like a few weeks ago it was like a trampoline park and they had it basically where you signed up some of the pool you can decide for basically for like two hours and then the entire place closed down so they can sanitize everything for half an hour and then they would reopen. So it's like that place is already where you're paying by the hour anyway so it just kind of makes sense you just pick your time block,
SPEAKER_L: Right. All right. All
SPEAKER_R: let them clean up. But yeah, I don't know, It's been wild. 2020 will be memorable. That's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just like, I don't know like, I I don't know where we can go to like have it. I don't have to be better I guess because like, I think, you know, not enough people are staying inside and even then you can't make everyone stay inside forever. So Just waiting for a vaccine. And even then when you know when a vaccine does come out, it's like, you know what, pharmacy company and he's gonna for pharmaceutical companies gonna take in charge $300 a shot to make billions of dollars everybody wants. All
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah my dad's got really into uh like biomed stocks, he's like bought all of these stocks for like different companies that say they're working on the coronavirus effects because he's like, which everyone gets it right, is going to skyrocket and like the other ones are also going to be worthless. So when someone's going to get it right. But yeah. Yeah. It's weird because like, I feel like you can stay locked down too. But like, at some point, I'm not saying like, we're like, probably at this point, but at some point you say like, why are we still locked down in terms of like, there's a quality of life that you're giving up, just stay in your house all day long. I just wonder like what this would have been like 20 years ago. Like, thank God we have the Internet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Because I mean, I would say like there's this huge chunk of people that are still able to work and like facility even things like online groceries.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Like I know
SPEAKER_L: mean.
SPEAKER_R: how you have done that like previously. Um I am so we're planning a trip to a couple of national parks in a few weeks just to get out of the house and we figured that's about as like isolated it as an activity as you can get. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: we're going out to Utah So I guess it will be a little bit of risk being on the plane. But
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: seems like they have a bunch of different like social distancing stuff, putting like protocols put in place. Then once we get out there, we're just going to being in the middle of nowhere in Utah. So that'll be be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: You like double safe. It was interesting. One of my friends he flew to Seattle. I think I said his plane ticket was like $40 just because like they were like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: they were desperate to get people on the plane just to like meet the very minimum.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. The uh, like there's like a google flight Explorer thing you can do or you can just like say like from your home airport, what's the cheapest price over the next six months and it has a whole like world map and the flight prices were insane. Like we're looking at going from Atlanta to Hawaii was like $200.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: And uh
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: we're like,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: that would be pretty cool. But the only thing is like when you get to Hawaii, you have to quarantine for 14 days before you're allowed to leave your hotel. And so we're like, okay, well that probably wouldn't be worth it then in the scheme of things, but
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: it's making
SPEAKER_R: makes you wonder
SPEAKER_L: my fault.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, Atlanta is a huge um like a delta hub. Like they're headquartered here. Some of your friends that worked for Delta and they took the delta took the um like the payroll, like protection loan thing or whatever. And so I guess that is part of that, there's like a limitation where they can't lay people off because because they got the money to pay for them or whatever. But that ends I think like in september october or something
SPEAKER_L: Over
SPEAKER_R: of this year. So like I have a bunch of friends are like, so we
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: have jobs
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: now, but like almost assuredly like as soon as this runs out, like we're all right off, like it's kind of a weird things like they're all working hard like you would normally, but
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: almost like the knowledge of like come to certain day, like we're pretty much going
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: to get
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: an email from
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: Hr that says we're our goal really like a massive recall, but
SPEAKER_L: And even then it's like, you know, it's all the airlines so they can't just like get a new job with another airline too. So it's really rough. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: This is probably not a market. I wanna be like searching for a new job and um
SPEAKER_L: It was like I was lucky because I have um I had I did copyrighting and then I also do I teach fencing. Um Yeah, it's different, but like the copyrighting like immediately got cut as soon as the quarantine started. So it's like luckily I have the funds going to fall back on. We've been able to do like, you know, online video lessons for everyone.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was actually I was wondering because like, you know, you know, we we I guess we're fortunate enough that we have, you know, computers and smartphones and stuff like that. But I was wondering, you know, how do teachers do it and like where the kids don't have enough money to have the, you know, be able to do a zoom class for the for the kids for school,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think a lot of school districts provide laptops and like ads and stuff for their kids. Now, I don't know if that's in like every school district, but I think the hard part there too is like even if you give them the technology, like you can't really guarantee that they're going to do it, especially if they're little like my son's five, so he was in pre k last year. But like if he were to have digital school for kindergarten, like the work during the day, like how would I make sure he's doing his kindergarten? How do you even understand how to do kindergarten homework?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Right. Yeah, like pay attention
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty
SPEAKER_L: and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: how'd you get in a fencing?
SPEAKER_L: My mom made me when I was in middle school because I was a fat kid, so and then my high school had is actually a lot of high school teams, so when I got to high school, my my team, my school at a team and I joined up there and they got like serious about it. So today a very niche sport,
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: there's actually there's actually a really big fencing club in uh in Atlanta. Um I think it's like just outside the actual city.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. So like the full, I guess like mile exposure defensive. It's like probably like the olympics, right? We're like the full like white suit, like full face mask and then like the skinny sword, like a little like a bead on the end.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Little tip your average compressed to,
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's different. It's like I actually, I used to compete internationally, used to fly a lot, so I had a bunch of events that I was supposed to go to like this this spring that obviously like all got canceled immediately. Just like they risk it like one of the events was in the U. S. And all the european countries like. No we're not going to the U. S. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That'll be interesting I guess like maybe some places worldwide would like open back up, clear and then like maybe those will become like the key spots people will go to do different activities. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's interesting just like what's going on with the olympics whether they're gonna like delayed
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: another year, whether they're gonna cancel it entirely or like what's what's going to happen with that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What's the latest? I haven't been following that, remember supposed to in Tokyo this year, but I didn't hear excited
SPEAKER_L: They bumped it back 2021 like for sure. Um but they at least for a friend saying they kept all the results up until I think like marshes when we stopped doing things so all the all the all the results, we have an hour like solidify and then next march is when they're gonna pick up again. But I mean that's you know obviously if the situation is bad then you know, we want to readjust but like a lot of european countries like don't let americans into their country right now, so.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That's wild. I wonder then to what they would do because like the olympics is something you focus your whole life around like that window of peak competitive,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you know, age and stuff like that because then I will the next one b in 2025 or will it be a
SPEAKER_L: I was wondering that too.
SPEAKER_R: There are three year window I guess I'm a big college football fan. And I saw like they're looking at maybe pushing all of the fall sports just like to the spring. I'm like, man, like on one hand, like that really sucks because I was looking forward having sports this fall, but also like the spring is gonna be insane for sports. It means like every sport is going on so it could be a lot of fun too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because like uh there's a lot of the schools are saying all these colleges are saying that like they're doing all online right now and so it's like obviously, you know, you can't do anything with sports if it's going to be online. So so I know like one college like pretty much not like fired but like was like didn't rehire. They're like all their coaching staff just knowing that because they're like why would we throw money at them for you know when they do their jobs?
SPEAKER_R: they're not cheap.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the hard part too is like there's some sports like, like football and basketball and then pay for other schools programs like fencing. Like the other ones, like if you don't have like the big sports in the fall, how are you going to have the sports in the spring? So yeah, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see how that all plays out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I went to Rutgers so like the football stadium, like all the revenue from all the tickets like was a huge thing for school.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Cool. Yeah. What a mess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like we're part of that. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's weird because I feel like on like an individual level there's like nothing you can really do about it either. It's like you just kind of like wait around like I'm not a scientist like
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Right. Yeah. And I remember do you ever like read or see the movie World War Z. Yeah. It was just like one in the book it's all a bunch of different than you had. Some. One of the, one of the stories is about how North Korea was one of like when the when the zombie virus let loose like North Korea is one of the best prepare because they were so isolated that touched I was like that's such an interesting like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: weird idea. Like they're the ones that are fine with all this.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. I haven't I haven't been following that North Korea has been getting hit by the coronavirus or not.
SPEAKER_L: knows.
SPEAKER_R: That's true. And even if you did hear anything it'll be hard to trust whether or not.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. Yeah. Just like you know they've manufactured, they don't cure everybody's safe and happy and healthy and doing
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's well
SPEAKER_L: Eventually in the in the story like just one person gets into their like little like isolated underground facility and then like everybody
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: dies
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: obviously. But.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like the concept of a bubble works well unless like it's permeable because like the NBA is I think is planning on doing like a bubble down at Disney World to try to
SPEAKER_L: helps.
SPEAKER_R: restart their games. But like they're not prisoners. Like they can't tell them they're not allowed to leave. And like If you have 20 teams of players that's like already talking like 300 people math like where they're not all going to just sit in their hotel room all day long. So what are you going to do in the first person like test positive? So Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: even to risk then it's like if one person gets it like what
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: if that person infected everybody in the NBA just from you know, being at the same time just like,
SPEAKER_R: Because like they're playing like their current schedule, they started like the end of july and like its games like almost every single day. So I think they're getting tested every day. But it's like even if the test takes like two days for two process, whatever, they could have played like two games with the other teams, like expose other people, so not sure how they're going to do that.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. And then like, you know like the same like the rest of entertainment industry to like movies and stuff like have all been put on hold, chosen, put on hold. So like I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I wonder if like all the movie studios have like this backlog of other movies, like they were just like working on, but now they're like, let's accelerate that or we'll put out a bunch of like extended editions and movies that have already been out. But just so like it feels like there's new content coming out, so No,
SPEAKER_L: It's like I'm sure like the editors and stuff can work on stuff.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's a lot of creative people on Youtube that seem to be able to make like funny content and entertaining stuff just like from their backyard. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Did you see the one guy who he made like an obstacle course for squirrels in his backyard?
SPEAKER_R: literally the one I was gonna mention, Mark rober. Yeah, that was really funny. Yeah, we have, we have a bunch of chipmunks and squirrels in our backyard, and so my son and I watched that on the other day and I was like totally do this and I'm like, it's fun, but it was also a lot of work, I'm sure to engineer all of those things Better just to be amused, I think for 15 minutes probably.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like I guess he has he has a lot of time, so.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, it's smart dude. Cool. Well, I've I've enjoyed chatting with you for sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's right away.
SPEAKER_R: already. Like, what's that,
SPEAKER_L: I'm zack by the way, sanity.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you. Uh Yeah, I guess we should have done like introductions at the beginning. I was almost uh like I wasn't sure to like kind of the time, I was like, I didn't know like if we're going to sign up and you were going to have like all the information or something and like or how it's gonna work just now. There's through us in there. It's almost like a like chatroulette or something. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: That's not here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice talking to you and best of luck with all the corona nonsense and your
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: think,
SPEAKER_R: so. Stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: yep, take care.