In Chapter three, but I could find at least. So let's move on baby. Chapter four. Okay guys, we're in Chapter four. Now, we're gonna be searching some more recordings. None of this opening room. It's always over guys for his one which says he can't be saved. Which is obviously a reference to Boris because Boris was just taken by Alice Angel. And yeah, he can't be saved. Because you know what happens at the end of the chapter, Susie's Alice has always transformed Boris into this hideous sort of brute cut. So, you know, it's kind of a Okay guys, we're going into the maintenance area now where these trains are and the flooded room with norman pots, projectionists where he pops up. Once again, You're actually unable to use the looking glass in this room with Boris guys all on the ride for that matter. So there wasn't any more recordings in Chapter four. But I just wanted to let you guys know that this room doesn't hold any secrets as far as I can tell, because we're gonna move to chapter five and look for the last secret messages. Here's a look inside and you will need this. And this just proves again, you know, there's no way he would know who was a wrench there unless he's done this before. So he's left himself a way out. Now, if we look at his drawings here, Henry sketches, he's put a message, you draw beautifully. So he's giving himself a little compliment, which is kind of a bit egotistical, but at the same time, he's just confident in himself, hasn't got much else to live for the moment, has it? There's not really anything else in uh this room. Guys, apart The Big Fish here, which is an easter egg reference to book past two. Used to be a lovely guy chatting on twitter a few times. He's one of the team involved in making the game believe. Creative director, that's the book, pasta fish there, that's a little reference to remember on the team. They go through here, guys and see another message just on the wall, just as follow me, it's just Henry leading himself down the path. So we'll skip ahead to the next message now guys, because as we go through the caverns here and we emerge where Alison and tom are taking a barge away downstream before we get on our barge, we can actually look down on the floor and it'll say there's something in the river Henry's warning himself about a giant bend, the creature that's living beneath the surface of the river. Of course, it may not be bending himself, but I believe it could be a morgue version of bending we've seen at the end of this chapter, Bendy Can a Ball. Right, so it's just arriving inside the village of the Most wonderful or shantytown in the studios. There's actually a couple of messages here guys that we can pick up on the first one is over here on this house, he says you bring death with a skull on the youth. So obviously Henry's sort of saying you know by coming here we're gonna end up fighting all of the Muslims, living huge with just workers of the studio and end up harming them. And he's even written above the knot, wants to sign hurt over the top of that. Once people now fallen into despair and see it's kind of like a little shrines for lost one to all their hands. It's on there and I can leave that. Ski only they're the only ones I can find in this area. The only messages I can find maybe more hidden around here, but that's all I can see personally. So we'll move on to the next section after we fall down. This giant kit, which obviously we know now Henry can survive because he's in a cartoon world, which is why you can keep surviving these massive drops. Look here, we can see another message which says it's inside the box. Henry just leading himself towards his final objective. Okay guys, we got to the office of Joey drew. Now and now once we go into this room, there's actually a secret message within Joey's office which you can see when we look at the wall behind us guys as we come through that door, call it behind us and says who is the man behind the monster? He's asking the question, who is Joey? Really like who is the man behind the monster? Can we finally get to find out with this audio log and find out what it is, Joey but obviously pulled Susie Campbell into you becoming Alice Angel for first experiment of many at the studio, Joey drew truly was a monstrous man has become part of a bolt area here and if we go over to the back war, you'll see another secret message which says the demon has taken it because once we go inside the box below, you'll see that it's actually empty. Looks like whatever it was here was taken long ago. Okay guys, did you remember how earlier I said that if you give forest bone in chapter three, you'll get a secret to do with thomas Collins version of forests in the chapter five. Well this is the secret, see he's actually got a bone in his mouth. Once again, it's kind of like the ghost of the bone I suppose. And I guess this is Henry is contemplating on back to this forest, reminds me a little bit of his. Although the personality is obviously very different. Do you think the over Boris was frank's? To be honest? And this one is thomas Connor of course, you can also see the little halo above Allison's head, this uh glass as well, which kind of shows for Alison? Yes, indeed Alice. If we didn't already know, as you can see here, we've reached the final boss battle and this natural secrets during this boss battle, just basically show you how to get the best routes I believe, to call believers in sequence. As you can see here got arrows which sort of lean off, way around Uh two different our two different leaders around the room. Let's show you the next ones down here, playbacks rounds and avoid bending. Go to the second leave launches here, Henry is obviously this lets himself directions here leading to the relevant places where the leaves about. There's a message here by this door guy which is open this door which is just Henry basically telling himself to call believers. I think it's more just therefore players who can't figure out what to do in that area. Although the first time I plate is, I can actually think too look through the looking glass in this part. But that is the last a lot of messages in Bendy. I mean chapter five and that concludes this video goes that every message will find well at least everyone I know of at least France any in this final room here. As you can see apart from the arrow over there, which is just showing you to go, so that is it for the video. And yeah, go check on my theory about the ending of chapter five. If you want a detailed analysis on everything that happened. And I hope you enjoyed this one. It's been quite a chill now and laid back when I think of course if you have enjoyed today's video guys protecting you know, it's, it's trying to channel use just like this one as well as he'd be a comment down below and let me know what you think the secret messages until next time. I'll say goodbye. Have today and I'll see. Yeah. Okay. So we go, Yes. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. It's incredible. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Mhm Yeah. Nothing personal. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. I just want to get together. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. You don't, yeah. Mhm. What? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Hi.
Oh, man. I was convinced that this thing was actually like a scam and didn't actually work.
Right. Right. Yeah. That's one thing I was like, cause you're actually, this is like the fourth time I've done this. And I was like, man, I wonder if it's like, how many times like how persistent are you? It's like, how much do you really want the money
you
mean?
Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean, have you, have you found any like interesting surveys on prolific aside from this one?
Right, Right. Well, it's a little more like pretty interesting. Um I don't know, like one of the ones I did was just like uh was like, you know, they give you like part of the picture. I need to try and pick like which, like what was the bigger picture you thought it was part of? Um,
and it was like, you know, it was interesting cause it was like, you know, if you saw a woman vacuuming, you know, would you think should be on a beach or blah blah, blah, whatever, whatever.
Someone was
My
parents,
Yeah. I mean how did you even find out about prolific? Okay.
People.
Um I used to, I did grad school um for psych, so one of the things that people used a lot was like a survey out and try and get answers and stuff like that for it. Um, So
like, like mturk I guess is like the big one. So I
looked at that one, but it was like, everything was like, you know, 10, 11, 12 cents. The only ones that were longer was like listen to this hour long speech and then transcribe it. And I was like, uh sometime this evening.
I mean you have any interest in like psych stuff or was it just like from the reddit thread?
Mhm. Remember I was on like a super long flight one time and um I brought like dvds to watch my laptop and then I'm an idiot and like didn't look my laptop doesn't have like a DVD drive so
I couldn't
watch any of it. So I just ended playing candy crush for like four hours. Remember why it's so addictive?
Mhm.
it's
all like, okay, go ahead.
I don't remember um I know. Yeah, like that was one of the things that made me think it was, it was just like a, you know, set up to see how many times you would do. It was like yeah, I don't think there's supposed to be anything.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. It was like the last time I did this. Uh And also I was like, have you ever seen Community?
All
right. Did you get to the one where um there were the names? The one girl does like a psych experiment. Um Abed and Troy are in the in the stock room and it's like to see how long they sit in there and wait. Yeah, I was like this must be like that. So I'm like I'm gonna wait super duper long. Just throw up all the numbers. Good.
I started to think that like he's that Danny glover is like so ridiculously famous now, like that sort of like catapulted him in.
I'm in Jersey right now, so it's like pretty close to new york city. What about you?
Yeah. I mean out here it's like you you have to work like everywhere. Like you get like I've had people, I've watched people get yelled at for like just walking down the street and not wearing one, it's like not if it's not with somebody just walking by themselves, like they still get like somebody just started yelling at them.
Kill yourself in the first half hours, like stuck in the accident.
And others grocery stores.
it's like even uh even like just like everywhere here, like people wearing masks, like hiking and stuff like that and it's like, you know, maybe not necessarily like the full like medical mask or even just like bandanas and stuff like that. Just like, I don't know. But New Jersey is like being like super duper dad, remember I have one friend who's, she's in Virginia and she's pregnant. And one of the things they asked was not like, you know, have you been to, you know Italy or Spain or wherever the big countries were, it was like, have you been to New Jersey in the past few months? Because like New Jersey was like so bad with Mhm. Yeah.
And
I mean, how is it, have you been into Atlanta like in the actual city?
Yeah. It's the same thing with new york like they will actually like, they've cordoned off like sections of the
street to put up like curbside like table like that just so that they can actually stay open and like actually do business and have people sit down.
by my sister's uh she's a manager for, I don't know if you know like my moods falafels, but she's like a regional manager for like that and she was saying that some of the some of the restaurant business is not doing well, but one was like a caviar delivery service did like It was like $90,000 in deliveries in the past like two or three months. And she's like that's like sort of like who wants caviar much less get delivered to their place, bring people in new york, do whatever they want to do.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah I know it's because like they they have I don't think they ever really closed down at all like
appreciate it kept everything open.
I remember reading something about how like there was like a texas don't know fraternity or something that like they did they you know spring break was during quarantine time, they went to florida and like have the 86 people who went like 50 of them end up getting corona
from florida. It's like oh
mhm
Right, right, right. Exactly,
you
know.
All
Yeah
please
mm I have a friend in boston who he was, he knew some guy who like you know totally self isolated like didn't go out of the apartment except for groceries, met up like with one friend for one drink and end up getting it from like that one time
and it's just like, like what we supposed to do with, like he's still careful and he still gets it like that.
Yeah, like, I mean how how is he handling everything? Mhm. Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. Well maybe you send us and school like super duper early though, right? In Georgia? Yeah.
Oh, wow, that's, yeah, that's crazy.
Um I think they got out Like June 1920, something like that, so that's like pretty,
pretty
simple tonight.
interesting.
That's, that's actually like a pretty good solution I guess. Um mhm. Because I, I used to work for an advertising company and they specialize in advertising for gyms and I was like, I hated that place. So I'm like, oh man, it must be doing so like so poorly right now because nobody wants to go to the gym. Nobody wants to pay money for the problems of eventually opening up and getting to go in.
Right. All right. All
Yeah. It's just like, I don't know like, I I don't know where we can go to like have it. I don't have to be better I guess because like, I think, you know, not enough people are staying inside and even then you can't make everyone stay inside forever. So Just waiting for a vaccine. And even then when you know when a vaccine does come out, it's like, you know what, pharmacy company and he's gonna for pharmaceutical companies gonna take in charge $300 a shot to make billions of dollars everybody wants. All
Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
I
mean.
All
And
then
You like double safe. It was interesting. One of my friends he flew to Seattle. I think I said his plane ticket was like $40 just because like they were like
they were desperate to get people on the plane just to like meet the very minimum.
wow. That's crazy.
You
know?
And
it's making
my fault.
Over
this
is
Hello.
we
just
actually
And even then it's like, you know, it's all the airlines so they can't just like get a new job with another airline too. So it's really rough. Yeah.
It was like I was lucky because I have um I had I did copyrighting and then I also do I teach fencing. Um Yeah, it's different, but like the copyrighting like immediately got cut as soon as the quarantine started. So it's like luckily I have the funds going to fall back on. We've been able to do like, you know, online video lessons for everyone.
Yeah, I was actually I was wondering because like, you know, you know, we we I guess we're fortunate enough that we have, you know, computers and smartphones and stuff like that. But I was wondering, you know, how do teachers do it and like where the kids don't have enough money to have the, you know, be able to do a zoom class for the for the kids for school,
Right. Right. Right. Yeah, like pay attention
and yeah.
My mom made me when I was in middle school because I was a fat kid, so and then my high school had is actually a lot of high school teams, so when I got to high school, my my team, my school at a team and I joined up there and they got like serious about it. So today a very niche sport,
there's actually there's actually a really big fencing club in uh in Atlanta. Um I think it's like just outside the actual city.
yep. Little tip your average compressed to,
it's different. It's like I actually, I used to compete internationally, used to fly a lot, so I had a bunch of events that I was supposed to go to like this this spring that obviously like all got canceled immediately. Just like they risk it like one of the events was in the U. S. And all the european countries like. No we're not going to the U. S. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah it's interesting just like what's going on with the olympics whether they're gonna like delayed
another year, whether they're gonna cancel it entirely or like what's what's going to happen with that?
They bumped it back 2021 like for sure. Um but they at least for a friend saying they kept all the results up until I think like marshes when we stopped doing things so all the all the all the results, we have an hour like solidify and then next march is when they're gonna pick up again. But I mean that's you know obviously if the situation is bad then you know, we want to readjust but like a lot of european countries like don't let americans into their country right now, so.
All
I was wondering that too.
Yeah. Because like uh there's a lot of the schools are saying all these colleges are saying that like they're doing all online right now and so it's like obviously, you know, you can't do anything with sports if it's going to be online. So so I know like one college like pretty much not like fired but like was like didn't rehire. They're like all their coaching staff just knowing that because they're like why would we throw money at them for you know when they do their jobs?
Yeah. No. No.
Yeah. I went to Rutgers so like the football stadium, like all the revenue from all the tickets like was a huge thing for school.
Yeah. So like we're part of that. Right.
Right. Right. Right. Yeah. And I remember do you ever like read or see the movie World War Z. Yeah. It was just like one in the book it's all a bunch of different than you had. Some. One of the, one of the stories is about how North Korea was one of like when the when the zombie virus let loose like North Korea is one of the best prepare because they were so isolated that touched I was like that's such an interesting like
weird idea. Like they're the ones that are fine with all this.
knows.
Right. Exactly. Yeah. Just like you know they've manufactured, they don't cure everybody's safe and happy and healthy and doing
well. Yeah.
Eventually in the in the story like just one person gets into their like little like isolated underground facility and then like everybody
dies
obviously. But.
helps.
even to risk then it's like if one person gets it like what
if that person infected everybody in the NBA just from you know, being at the same time just like,
I don't know. And then like, you know like the same like the rest of entertainment industry to like movies and stuff like have all been put on hold, chosen, put on hold. So like I don't know.
It's like I'm sure like the editors and stuff can work on stuff.
Did you see the one guy who he made like an obstacle course for squirrels in his backyard?
Yeah. It's like I guess he has he has a lot of time, so.
Yeah, that's right away.
I'm zack by the way, sanity.
Yeah.
That's not here. Yeah.
You
think,
yep, take care.