Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Go.
It's always one of those things that you have to get in the back of your mind, usually when they tell you you're gonna match the person, it turns out to be like, oh, sorry, we ran into technical difficulties here is a fake person.
That's awesome. Yeah, I actually sent up the first time and then totally forgot about it.
And I
actually message that was like, I'm really sorry I missed my time. Is there anything else I can do it again? They're like, we're doing a bunch of these, so there's like sign up for the next one. Mhm.
Okay. Uh nothing like particularly stand out, but I've been on prolific for probably a year, maybe two years at this point. So I've probably done a couple of 100 surveys. Used to be like my go to like instead of like playing like a dumb game on my phone or something, I'll just pull up prolific. Like might as well make 20 cents instead of like a level of candy crush or whatever.
No
How sure.
I don't know if it's just from like the questions that I answered in my profile, but I feel like I get a lot about like workplace questions and so I kind of like it just because it makes me think about the stuff I do at work and so like even like even if things like think of a time that was like a negative experience in your workplace or whatever, I'm like, oh the thing about anything like what could I do differently at work or
you know,
Stuff like that. So yeah, it's interesting. I mean I think I've made probably like $300 at this point. So it's a, it's like a little side hobby of mine and provide some some spare change. So
I think it was from like on Reddit, there's like a beer money suburb. It was just
like you know little ways to make like $5 here and there and then I've done a few other surveys. Like respondent is another good one. They didn't like longer length ones but they're usually they pay more. So like I've done a few of them where it's like it was for an hour or something but it paid like $50. So who are you?
Mhm.
In.
husband.
Uh I mean I took intro to psychology like back in college like I'm under grains. I think it's interesting generally but I don't have like a, I wouldn't say like I'm passionate about it or particular interest but like I said just it's a better way to kill like five minutes. That's two surveys and it's like scrolled on twitter or anything like that. So
thank
you.
I know for sure. I feel like like its popularity wave and then it's like started bubbling back up. My wife just started playing it again recently and I was like, please keep that away from me. I don't need that addiction. Yeah.
I was when I was sitting there, I
guess.
I was gonna say when I was like going through this, I don't know are there any particular prompts or anything that we're supposed to be discussing or talking about?
I guess not just as you can talk about whatever you like, interesting.
I actually just started watching that like within the last month. I'm so like, I think maybe in the season one, Maybe
season.
That one was pretty funny. Love the just like, I guess like the post credits, just like the 32nd little skits they do at the end. They're really funny.
Right. Yeah. Childish Gambino. It's some of my playlist in a couple of spots, talented dude. No, the, uh, I guess well, some of the survey prompts, like initially we're talking about like the coronavirus and stuff. Are you any place where it's like super bad?
I'm in like the suburbs around Atlanta. So Atlanta has had like a decent amount of cases and Georgia itself hasn't been too wild, but I feel like we've been kind of at the forefront of like the reopening stuff. It's like our governor has been a big proponent of like reopening everything. It's just interesting seeing how things like play out like kind of where I'm at. Most people are not wearing masks, but the closer you get to the city than everyone is wearing a mask. So it's just kind of interesting. I'm like in this weird like in between spot where you have like a lot of people saying like, you know, the whole the whole state should be open, no mask at all. Then you have another part where everything is like lockdown
Yeah. I mean I've seen some people are going for a walk like by themselves with a mask on. No, I guess to me that seems like overly cautious, but if you're because if you're not going by anyone and you're just by yourself like that, like when I go running, I certainly like not going to wear a mask counterproductive. But
yeah, but like yesterday world and I was out shopping and stuff and I would say there was probably like B 40% of people were wearing one. I was at R. E. I. And they have a mask policies like you couldn't go without a mask. But um then I was at cabela's and like no one that cabela's was wearing a mask I thought was interesting was like seeing, it's like almost like the, it's like the same crowd in the sense of like, it's like outdoor enthusiasts, but like, I would just say from my own personal experience, I don't know if this is like plays out everywhere. It's like cabela's excuse, I would say a lot more like conservative and ari excuse a lot more liberal. So this is interesting to see like our ai mandatory masks and the cabela's, there's like no, no one's wearing a mask. So it was kind of interesting to sing like those two like groups, I would say like generally are like the same crowd, but that's like, that is a kind of where I say like I see a device sometimes.
Oh, sorry. Ari I is like uh like what's that stand for? It's like recreation or something, but like all outdoorsy, like stuff, so like camping equipment, rock climbing gear, stuff like that, and cabela's is like the same kind of stuff, but then also like a little bit more like hunting for it or focus. Um So yeah, I'm just planning a trip for in a couple of weeks to some national parks. So I was going out just like getting some gear.
As
well. Yeah,
not a ton. I mean generally were like, even when we are, I guess I'm not really officially on lockdown, like every place we would go is pretty much still closed. So it's like there's not really a point in going into the city. Like typically like if we go downtown it would be to go like out to eat or to some event or something like that. All the events are canceled and all the restaurants are just doing curbside or take out so there isn't really like a ton to do in the city right now, so I haven't really been downtown at all.
What?
it's kind of crazy like how fast like business is just totally shifted their entire delivery mechanism and just their customer stuff. Like I went to, it was like a Hibachi grill place the other day and they had redone their entryway to now basically instead of like having a door, you could even go in was built up to just be a delivery window. And so there's like, they're clearly anticipating this is going to go on for a while, have no intent of having people inside the restaurant for a while because it was like a semi permanent structure that they created their like a false wall. So
Well I think also to everyone just going a little stir crazy.
So yeah, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see, I guess like how long the lockdown like persists or if like there will be some states that will just like open up completely and then there are states that will stay like lockdown for a while. I call that place ever. I was down in florida probably like a month, month and a half ago when I feel like things were still like super bad, Located No one was wearing a mask, like not person. So I wonder like what it's like down there today.
No.
Yeah, they were one of the ones I think that stayed mostly open and just like some of the places like out west, they're just so rural and open like Montana and South Dakota, They're like, we don't have enough people to Like by nature. Everyone is already 15 ft apart so like lockdowns can really change anything. Yeah.
Dad.
Yeah.
Yeah. I would say like generally I'm pretty risk tolerant. It's like when you know that there is like a guaranteed chance of like exposing yourself. I feel like that's just not smart.
Like I had a buddy, I was supposed to meet up with lunch with for last week and he was like, well, it's like, I
know
we should meet up. He's like, they had someone else come to their apartment earlier in the week and they tested positive for corona, So he
was going to go get tested and so he was like, I probably shouldn't have lunch with you until I find out. For sure. Yeah, definitely.
Like,
right, I would like to have lunch with you. But if you think you have coronavirus, that just seems dumb. So no, it's a mess.
My
Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting too, is like, I don't have a five year old and like just my son is just always like asking questions about like what we're allowed to do and like what we're not allowed to do. And I feel like the answer changes like all the time. Uh huh. Because like our park, we have like a park, like probably like two blocks from our house. It was closed down was like no one's there. So I was like, why is the park close? You know? And so it's like, well we don't want to go and we get risk, you know? Get exposed to the virus. He's like, but no one's at the park is like, well, I mean that's true, but if they open the park, then everyone would go to the park just watching him to like figure out like what all this is because it's not like he's five. Like he really understands the concept of germs and viruses and everything anyway. So,
I mean it's like to some degree, he doesn't have like a frame of reference and like, other things to compare it to. It's not like he knows that this is unusual, you know? It's just like he's still just discovering the world and like everything is new and novel. So it's kind of like, oh, this is a weird thing that's going on right now and teaches kind of rolls with the punches in some ways. It's like kids are more resilient than we are just because we don't have expectations of like what things should be like. Uh,
I mean at this point like school would be out for the summer anyway, so he would be home. Generally. The only thing is weird is that I don't go to work, I just stay home and work on my computer. So that's kind of weird for him. But otherwise I feel like he's taking it pretty much destroyed.
we were done the last week of May.
So this Jersey like shifted back.
not too
long
that's well, yeah. I mean, I feel like things are mostly normal what they would be like a summer at this point, except like our options for going places are a lot more limited. But some of the places have opened up because like I said like Georgia's pretty much opening, It's just a lot of restrictions about capacity. So like we went to the swimming pool the other day, but you have to register in advance for what time you wanted to go because they were only allowing like 50 people in at a time.
So it's like it didn't really stop us from going. We just couldn't be as spontaneous I guess. It has been more proactive about like planning and make sure that they weren't overwhelmed with people.
Yeah. Well it's going to get you an auto paint right? They probably still are just anyway. But yeah, I mean I think some of the gyms around here that have reopened are basically just like you can go, but then every so often they just like not like closed down but essentially clear everything out, wipe everything down and then reopen again every few hours. So um like one of the places we went to this is like a few weeks ago it was like a trampoline park and they had it basically where you signed up some of the pool you can decide for basically for like two hours and then the entire place closed down so they can sanitize everything for half an hour and then they would reopen. So it's like that place is already where you're paying by the hour anyway so it just kind of makes sense you just pick your time block,
let them clean up. But yeah, I don't know, It's been wild. 2020 will be memorable. That's for sure.
Yeah. Yeah my dad's got really into uh like biomed stocks, he's like bought all of these stocks for like different companies that say they're working on the coronavirus effects because he's like, which everyone gets it right, is going to skyrocket and like the other ones are also going to be worthless. So when someone's going to get it right. But yeah. Yeah. It's weird because like, I feel like you can stay locked down too. But like, at some point, I'm not saying like, we're like, probably at this point, but at some point you say like, why are we still locked down in terms of like, there's a quality of life that you're giving up, just stay in your house all day long. I just wonder like what this would have been like 20 years ago. Like, thank God we have the Internet.
Because I mean, I would say like there's this huge chunk of people that are still able to work and like facility even things like online groceries.
Like I know
how you have done that like previously. Um I am so we're planning a trip to a couple of national parks in a few weeks just to get out of the house and we figured that's about as like isolated it as an activity as you can get. So
we're going out to Utah So I guess it will be a little bit of risk being on the plane. But
there
seems like they have a bunch of different like social distancing stuff, putting like protocols put in place. Then once we get out there, we're just going to being in the middle of nowhere in Utah. So that'll be be interesting.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. The uh, like there's like a google flight Explorer thing you can do or you can just like say like from your home airport, what's the cheapest price over the next six months and it has a whole like world map and the flight prices were insane. Like we're looking at going from Atlanta to Hawaii was like $200.
And uh
we're like,
that would be pretty cool. But the only thing is like when you get to Hawaii, you have to quarantine for 14 days before you're allowed to leave your hotel. And so we're like, okay, well that probably wouldn't be worth it then in the scheme of things, but
just
makes you wonder
like, yeah, Atlanta is a huge um like a delta hub. Like they're headquartered here. Some of your friends that worked for Delta and they took the delta took the um like the payroll, like protection loan thing or whatever. And so I guess that is part of that, there's like a limitation where they can't lay people off because because they got the money to pay for them or whatever. But that ends I think like in september october or something
of this year. So like I have a bunch of friends are like, so we
have jobs
now, but like almost assuredly like as soon as this runs out, like we're all right off, like it's kind of a weird things like they're all working hard like you would normally, but
almost like the knowledge of like come to certain day, like we're pretty much going
to get
an email from
Hr that says we're our goal really like a massive recall, but
This is probably not a market. I wanna be like searching for a new job and um
that's cool.
Yeah. I think a lot of school districts provide laptops and like ads and stuff for their kids. Now, I don't know if that's in like every school district, but I think the hard part there too is like even if you give them the technology, like you can't really guarantee that they're going to do it, especially if they're little like my son's five, so he was in pre k last year. But like if he were to have digital school for kindergarten, like the work during the day, like how would I make sure he's doing his kindergarten? How do you even understand how to do kindergarten homework?
That's pretty
how'd you get in a fencing?
That's cool.
Nice. So like the full, I guess like mile exposure defensive. It's like probably like the olympics, right? We're like the full like white suit, like full face mask and then like the skinny sword, like a little like a bead on the end.
That's cool.
That'll be interesting I guess like maybe some places worldwide would like open back up, clear and then like maybe those will become like the key spots people will go to do different activities. Mhm.
What?
Yeah. What's the latest? I haven't been following that, remember supposed to in Tokyo this year, but I didn't hear excited
Right. That's wild. I wonder then to what they would do because like the olympics is something you focus your whole life around like that window of peak competitive,
you know, age and stuff like that because then I will the next one b in 2025 or will it be a
There are three year window I guess I'm a big college football fan. And I saw like they're looking at maybe pushing all of the fall sports just like to the spring. I'm like, man, like on one hand, like that really sucks because I was looking forward having sports this fall, but also like the spring is gonna be insane for sports. It means like every sport is going on so it could be a lot of fun too.
they're not cheap.
Yeah, the hard part too is like there's some sports like, like football and basketball and then pay for other schools programs like fencing. Like the other ones, like if you don't have like the big sports in the fall, how are you going to have the sports in the spring? So yeah, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see how that all plays out.
Mhm. Cool. Yeah. What a mess.
Yeah, it's weird because I feel like on like an individual level there's like nothing you can really do about it either. It's like you just kind of like wait around like I'm not a scientist like
Well,
yeah. Yeah. I haven't I haven't been following that North Korea has been getting hit by the coronavirus or not.
That's true. And even if you did hear anything it'll be hard to trust whether or not.
I'm
Yeah, that's well
we're
going
yeah, like the concept of a bubble works well unless like it's permeable because like the NBA is I think is planning on doing like a bubble down at Disney World to try to
restart their games. But like they're not prisoners. Like they can't tell them they're not allowed to leave. And like If you have 20 teams of players that's like already talking like 300 people math like where they're not all going to just sit in their hotel room all day long. So what are you going to do in the first person like test positive? So Yeah.
All
Because like they're playing like their current schedule, they started like the end of july and like its games like almost every single day. So I think they're getting tested every day. But it's like even if the test takes like two days for two process, whatever, they could have played like two games with the other teams, like expose other people, so not sure how they're going to do that.
Yeah. I wonder if like all the movie studios have like this backlog of other movies, like they were just like working on, but now they're like, let's accelerate that or we'll put out a bunch of like extended editions and movies that have already been out. But just so like it feels like there's new content coming out, so No,
yeah, there's a lot of creative people on Youtube that seem to be able to make like funny content and entertaining stuff just like from their backyard. Yeah,
literally the one I was gonna mention, Mark rober. Yeah, that was really funny. Yeah, we have, we have a bunch of chipmunks and squirrels in our backyard, and so my son and I watched that on the other day and I was like totally do this and I'm like, it's fun, but it was also a lot of work, I'm sure to engineer all of those things Better just to be amused, I think for 15 minutes probably.
Mhm. Yeah, it's smart dude. Cool. Well, I've I've enjoyed chatting with you for sure
already. Like, what's that,
to meet you. Uh Yeah, I guess we should have done like introductions at the beginning. I was almost uh like I wasn't sure to like kind of the time, I was like, I didn't know like if we're going to sign up and you were going to have like all the information or something and like or how it's gonna work just now. There's through us in there. It's almost like a like chatroulette or something. Right,
okay.
Yeah. Nice talking to you and best of luck with all the corona nonsense and your
think
so. Stay safe.