SPEAKER_L: Oh boy. What? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: Hello. Sure there we go. Who am I speaking
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: with?
SPEAKER_R: Robin.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how's it going, Robin? I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: It's nice to meet you shy.
SPEAKER_L: Likewise. So where are you, where are you calling me from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm calling you from Kentucky. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So let's see said it was Kentucky part of the central eastern time zone. Oh eastern great then. So for you it's also five p.m. then I imagine.
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: let me ask you how is the weather like though? Because I'm it was a sunny day for me all day except for right this minute started clouding up.
SPEAKER_R: we had some marine earlier, uh, and now it's sunny out.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. Oh yeah that's how I think that's how it usually works where the gulf stream is. Uh Kentucky will probably have rain earlier than new york and which is where I'm calling from. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: Um so if you tell me you got rained over there, I probably expected to be coming my way um because it looks like from the skies maybe two hours I guess. Mhm. So how are things this going been going for you?
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's been different. Uh, I moved in the middle of this virus because I was in an area, yeah, I know. That was, that was, that was tough. But I was in a bad area where they had higher risk numbers for the virus. They have larger numbers because I was up in northern Kentucky, which is near Cincinnati. So it's a larger population. So I moved to a little smaller town.
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: So I had to kind of test to that, you know, finding everything and everything being closed because of the virus and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean even even for us, I mean quite honestly I did not move but I'm in an area in new york city where you know, you were talking about, if you want to talk about population density, that this is where we're at. Um if you watch reports like uh
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I'm not actually that far from like where the the Elmhurst hospital where it was like you know the epicenter of where, where everything was back in, I want to say april and you know, it's a big city but it's not a big big city because I have friends in probably all neighborhoods and I have friends
SPEAKER_R: That one,
SPEAKER_L: actually in the Elmer Statehood. And it almost goes to to say that when well the thing is that the impact of this virus is that you always know somebody, if you don't know somebody who's been impacted, you know, somebody who knows somebody, right? I think the kind of the six degrees of separation, I think it's a lot less than that I mentioned. I guess that if you don't know somebody that has it, you probably know somebody that knows somebody. I think that's I think it's probably a valid statement to say,
SPEAKER_R: And we want to keep it that way. We don't want to have it firsthand and have somebody real close. It's horrible.
SPEAKER_L: precisely, I mean right now, um I say the worst one I've known so
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: far.
SPEAKER_R: got it.
SPEAKER_L: Me personally, I
SPEAKER_R: folks,
SPEAKER_L: know, I know I know a friend who was an E. M. T. Uh you know, he got he got hit real bad, he got he got hit, he got to be intubated. Um and just about two weeks ago, he probably gained enough use of his legs to actually start to uh go to uh you want to go to rehab. Um So this is a guy we're not talking about. I mean, yes, he works in a profession that's high risk, but he's not the high risk category. In fact, he's a couple of young, he's a couple of months younger than myself, so he's probably he's in his early thirties, right? And, you know, it knocked him out, you know, completely for them. And now, you know, I talked to the guy, you know, pretty regularly and he's going to rehab and effectively, it's essentially relearning how to walk. So to say that this that this doesn't impact just generally speaking everybody. I mean, uh, and, you know, I I don't want to get political in any of my talks, right? But it's almost like I look at it and say, it sucks that everything closed is closed and I, you know, you can't go nowhere. But I look at the cases around me and I see the first hand experiences and I'm like, I look at it and say, well the guy's healthier than me and he got knocked down. So if I was to go out there, I mean my shot, my shots no better than his. So and no, you can play your luck of the draw. You could say um my and that's, that's the one thing um, that that really bears on because I have young Children, right? I have I have a four year old who's, who had to be, you know, at the poem from school and now he's now, well, right in new york city we start to the week after labor Day, right? And I'm looking at it saying that and I get constant calls. The school chancellor hotline calls me, the school board calls me and they're telling me, you know, kids are not as affected, but I looked at this and say, wait, okay, let's just say the kids are perfectly fine, right? But if the kid gets it and then they transmuted to either me or my wife and one of them us gets rolled up. The end result here is the administration's that's how we will your kids fine, which is true. They're not lying, the kid is fine. But I look at this and say, ken, I mean, put yourself in my shoes, what would you do? It's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's really,
SPEAKER_R: would not send my kid to school period. That's what I would do because it's too risky. It's it's like you said, it's not just risking the child, it's risking you your wife. It's risking everybody,
SPEAKER_L: Right. And and that's if even if I just say, okay, I'm not gonna allow the grandparents to visit, right? And keep the keep the exposure to a minimum, then at least my I'm exposed and if I'm infected and I have to, then what I have to quarantine and then I have to find somebody to take care of the kids. And and and and it's the grandparents. I'm like, it's just affects so many people down the line, okay, I can't reason the south. I mean uh it's funny um uh this is really coincidental, right? This exact type of chat that I'm having with you right now, I previously did one just two days ago and it was with a teacher, a new teacher, in fact from California, she got her teaching degree in March, and she was supposed to start teaching third grade
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: and this upcoming school year, right? And she's gonna like, well, first of all, she doesn't really know what's the normal teaching uh regimen because she's never gone through a school year, but she's she can't imagine it ever being anything
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like this. And I'll tell you the teachers, they all want, they all, you know, in their heart of hearts, they all want to be in front of the Children in a classroom teaching, but they just don't see how it's possible. I mean, I mean it's like uh well in New york city they they didn't allow, they still don't allow indoor dining, right? So I look at it and say wait, if they don't allow indoor dining, and that's obviously because they can't really social distance, what they're sending kids back to school. Mean, I know they can't social distance because I mean I've been to the new york city school system, I I kind of know, and incidentally the same exact school that my kid goes to right now, I actually, that was my school, You know, 30 years ago, so I know exactly, yeah, it's exact same exact school. I mean they did some renovations, but it's still there, so I know that classroom layout and I'm like, you cannot even ask adults to social distance and and that's that's really the ironic thing. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: the school chancellor is saying all these things about how they'll take these, these proportions and these safety measures, but but but they're doing all of this from a zoom call within the confines of their own home. That's the ironic thing. If you say it's safe, why don't you do?
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: And the school has ample
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: conferencing abilities, right? Why don't you do it from the school? I think if you're not going to place yourself in that scenario, because you say you're the you're the chancellor, you're gonna like, yeah, there is a risk. There's always a risk. Well, you're not gonna put yourself at risk then why are you
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: going to put out the other people's Children at that risk? Right.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm really, I am my neighbor. Um he also has a son, that's exactly the age of my son, right? And he goes to these parent teacher meetings and he's basically like, you know, he's more on the fence. He's probably a little bit further along the line saying he wants to send his, get to school. But I look at him and say, well, you're working from home, just like I'm working for him home right now. His wife is his wife I think is a nurse, so she can't work from him. Obviously, my, my wife, my wife is a homemaker, so she's home all the time. And I look at it by saying that, look, I'm okay, we'll keep my kid home. I mean, I think that, yes, people will tell me my kid will be socially were, you know, how to say socially not as developed, but that still beats getting sick, physically sick or, you know, getting somebody else physically
SPEAKER_R: well. And we're
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: not talking. I mean, this is hopefully this isn't gonna be for years. It's, you know, he
SPEAKER_L: hold
SPEAKER_R: might
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: lose socialization, you know, being with other Children, but that's only going to be temporary. So and he can do video calling and stuff. You know what I'm saying? I mean, you can do
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: other, we're all having to do that. I mean, I mean
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: people home schooled before this, you know, people were home schooling and so it's not rocket science. So
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: there's computer
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: programs for in some schools, some states will offer programs on the computer for people that wanted to homeschool before this virus hit. So I think they just they're scrambling, you know. But I think it's connected to the money connected to the schools is why so much pressure is being put on push people trying to push these kids back in the schools. That's wrong over money, you know, it's not
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: funny.
SPEAKER_L: I, you know, I personally feel that that that's stupid because look, I get it. Um you know, you're gonna get parents who and tell you they have to work and they're looking to just place kids in school so that they could go to work, right? But what's what's worse is if that was the case, right, then you're really sending them to daycare, you're not sending them to school. Because ultimately it was funny because in that previous conversation with the teacher that I had, right, she even admits this that the likely scenario is this, that you can imagine that, you know, and this is from the teachers union, right? You can imagine that not all the teachers are going to agree to this, right? So, you and I can see my school also not really following this path, because right now, what happens here is my kid got assigned the classroom number, but there is no classroom teacher because according to the principle, she doesn't have a working roster of who's gonna be here. That tells me, that tells me one thing that tells me if I do bring the kid to school, right, you're gonna And we've had this before. We were not the pandemic. I've had this before. Where, look, my teacher didn't show up that day. Okay, So we're all placed into this cafeteria setting where you have one person watching over the years. It has been a cafeteria because that's the only room that's really large enough. We're sitting and really no learning is occurring only you're putting kids in sort of like a, you know, a cage like atmosphere where they're under adult. You know, I'm not even say supervision. I'm just gonna say under adult surveillance. And that's pretty much it. So what's gonna happen here is you're gonna get some first grade, second grade and third graders all thrown into the same cafeteria, there are gonna be seated apart. No learning is going to occur. And basically what you as the adult where you're telling yourself, I have to go to work and I got to put my child in school. What you did was you put your child in day care. If you convince yourself that, then you could at least tell, well, at least if it was day care, I would probably more convinced that they could socially distance better than the school. Because I've been in the school. And I kind of know that when you have this amount of people and honestly not even adults could, I don't read the latest reports. Right. But they said that the social distancing six ft rule really only works when you're outdoors in a not so well ventilated areas such
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: as the New
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: york
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: city
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: public school approaches.
SPEAKER_R: It's six ft. It may be 20 if we made more distance than that. We don't there's so much we don't know, there's more we don't
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: know than we do know unfortunately
SPEAKER_L: Right. Which which makes it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: concerning that we're placing kids in a not so well ventilated area. And now when you say that not even adults could properly social distance in that sort of environment, I'm not so sure I can really trust kid look. And
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: if the kids don't show for distance, you're almost saying that, well, the kids, you can't blame them, but at the same time the virus is not going to take exception. You know, there's contact, if there's a spread, it's going to hit everybody wants the same. And I find it, I find it funny that everybody was pointing and even our mayor was saying the same thing that since new york city's on the downtrend, we might be the only city that's qualified to go ahead and open schools. Right. But I look at the examples of so far indiana opened
SPEAKER_R: Why,
SPEAKER_L: up schools, Georgia opened up, a number of universities opened up. And the sad thing is nobody got past the first day, the first day without an infection. So I'm like, wait, we have data here. We're not talking about, well, you know, we're a month in that we've got a couple of cases here and there and then I expect, but nobody made it past the first day. And we're talking about areas that Honestly, if I'm in New York City person, I would expire to have that kind of density. Where you're talking about 13% classes, 15% classes. I've, even in my day as a student, I've had 30%
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: classes, right? And I can't, I can't fathom being any less than that. And I'm looking at like, look at this, like how we're supposed to do this. I mean if, And this is just imagine kids walking in the hallway, right, two ways, right? The hallway isn't even 12ft wide, theoretically, you can't, you can't make this happen. So when the kids have to essentially walk in the hallway, you can't, what is supposed to do the same one entire floor is one way only. So It's just supposed to go from room 303-305, but you have to be going in that
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: direction.
SPEAKER_R: happened?
SPEAKER_L: You have to go, that's the logistics of it. Is, it is, it is impossible. And honestly, I don't want this to happen. But my prediction here is this, if they do open up schools new york city is not going to get past the first. I mean, we will be lucky. I mean, because we have so many schools, right? Some of them are gonna get past it. That's just luck
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: of the draw. But even if let's just say 20% of the schools come back with the first day infection, what is that telling you if that's good enough, I'm sorry, but you know, it's really, it's really very boggling to the mind and think about it. If you're a parent, right? You're saying that if I don't send my kid back to school, I can't work and you can't make a living. But if you send your kid back to school and what's the what's the alternative? You can schools back to school, he or she gets infected, brings the disease back home to you and then you get infected. Then tell me how you're gonna go out there and work. I mean, I know it sucks for people not to have an income. And I really, really um you know, I try to sympathize with you, right? But the flip side of that here is if you're gonna try and go out there and get that income, you may kill yourself, you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: may kill
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: somebody,
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: jobs
SPEAKER_L: family.
SPEAKER_R: aren't back yet. All the jobs are I mean it's not ready
SPEAKER_L: Cliff.
SPEAKER_R: for people to go totally back to work only.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: It's very limited.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And and and the funny thing here is when we're using this whole conversation about schools opening back up. I I almost hated that the restaurant, the hospitality industry in new york city is using that as as sort of like a I'm gonna say a bargaining ship. They're saying that why are schools allowed to open if indoor dining isn't allowed to resume. But technically that's that's an argument against you because we don't want to restart resume indoor dining, just that we don't really resume schools, but the administrators just don't, they're not figuring this out, that they're saying that well kids need need to, well I'm sorry kids need to live first and then, you know, it's funny, uh the chinese people always have a saying right where you kind of prioritize your life's priorities and it goes, um, one is life, uh, two is faith and then it all the way down and then, you know, you have your conscience and then the last thing you always put his schooling, I'm sorry, but without life, there is no school, just like, you know, people say that without economy, without life, there is no economy. I mean it sucks that people want to restart the economy. I'm like, oh, I don't disagree with the notion of restarting the economy, but at the same vein, if people start dying, I mean, just like, you know, you made the move to kind of kind of the distance yourself and you know, provide yourself a safer environment if you're not guaranteed that when you, it's like when everything opens up, but um I gotta hate this, you know what if they plaster a sign in front of the store that says, you know, wear a mask, right, and we welcome you to come in, but if you do come in, come in at your own risk, I'm not so sure that's acceptable. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I don't conceive that as a threat, but what else do you call? I mean, you tell me anything that opens up, there is a significant, I mean, and the only reason you post that up is because
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: there's some level
SPEAKER_R: villain.
SPEAKER_L: of significa Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: There's gonna be some level of risk. That you're saying that we can't take that risk as a business, right? I'm like even you recognise as a risk and you're telling me wait, welcome, welcome. But coming at your own risk are
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: those
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: being
SPEAKER_L: things like
SPEAKER_R: a danger sign at a construction site or something. Enter at your unrest. Let me you better. It's not safe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's not safe. But on the other side, the other way you're saying welcome come in, what do we do? I mean
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: going in stores, I've been going I get my groceries at the click list and I got to pick them up, I get stuff delivered amazon never uh
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: target
SPEAKER_L: you too.
SPEAKER_R: and that's what I'm doing. I did go into the dentist in the doctor's office, but excuse me, I have to do that, excuse me.
SPEAKER_L: Well services like that you can't when you you know you require physical presence, there is no other way around that. But besides that
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: they took
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: look at
SPEAKER_R: precaution.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: I mean they were a mask, I wore masks, they took my temperature, you know it was they were all gloved up and geared up.
SPEAKER_L: I expect every single medical personnel to be at least at least as well protected as I am preferably they have been better protected than I am because this is them this is their livelihood.
SPEAKER_R: because we've lost a lot of them doctors even,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely, Absolutely. I mean it just goes to show that, you know, they know firsthand how scary this is, right? So I look at them and say, you know what for me or for themselves, preferably they have to they have to protect themselves. And And I draw on my experience because right before right back in March, before everything closed down. Right? And I work I work in the construction industry myself. I was actually serving a hospital for for exterior war replacement. Right? And I surveyed one floor where It was all patient patient rooms, right? But in one wing it was, I guess the infectious disease disease ward. Right? So what they had us do was we had to put on disposable suits into one room. And then immediately when we left that room, we were told to dispose of everything. So We were measuring 25 rooms. So we were putting putting one get one set of gear on then nationally for like uh you know, no more than a minute coming back out. It took us more time to put that on and on and all, they're supposed to do actual work. But I look at this and say that was just 11 wing of a hospital or one floor of the hospital right now you're talking about infectious disease who transmits over a great distance. That's the entire hospital quite honestly. Um Obviously, if I was working in a hospital and anything less than a Hazmat suit, I don't know if you would really argue for anything anything less. I mean I had one of my co workers who who had a baby during this pandemic and they were in the hospital in july and I'm looking at this going like I get it during the maternity ward, which is greater, but you really want is how many floors away from I mean, there's got to be a covid ward in there some way, somehow. Because remember, it was funny when I mentioned that hospital back in March, there was no covert treatment area yet yet, I say, because when I went down to the hospital administrative wing, uh, to measure their, uh, their their, uh, windows, I went right across the hall. And that's when the the the the the, I guess the receptions right there, just stop me and say, we're prepping this area to be a covert response center. So I don't think you guys want to be here. And that's when I said, I don't want to be here. And the building engineer that was with me, he said, yeah, if you're gonna go in there, you're gonna go in there alone.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: This is now, we're talking about building management, hospital management. Everybody was saying that, you know, go in there. If you're gonna go in there, it's gonna be at your risk. And quite honestly, I said, look, I love my job and everything like that. But I love my job when it's a lot to stay for the Duke. So if I don't have to go in there, I won't go in there. And now, honestly, I think I asked that same house and then obviously that that that jobs on hold right now right. And I asked the same people who were handling that job, What happened to that wing? And they said, Well, basically it went from one wing to 62, 3 floors
SPEAKER_R: time,
SPEAKER_L: and the hospitals only hospitals, only eight floors talk. So just, you know, this thing spread. And but the alternative that area is exactly what you see in the news. You see patients literally in the, in in the hole in the hope. And if you