now.
I'm
Robin.
It's nice to meet you shy.
I'm calling you from Kentucky. Okay.
it is.
Hey.
we had some marine earlier, uh, and now it's sunny out.
I know.
Well, it's been different. Uh, I moved in the middle of this virus because I was in an area, yeah, I know. That was, that was, that was tough. But I was in a bad area where they had higher risk numbers for the virus. They have larger numbers because I was up in northern Kentucky, which is near Cincinnati. So it's a larger population. So I moved to a little smaller town.
So I had to kind of test to that, you know, finding everything and everything being closed because of the virus and
All
That one,
And we want to keep it that way. We don't want to have it firsthand and have somebody real close. It's horrible.
You
got it.
folks,
I
would not send my kid to school period. That's what I would do because it's too risky. It's it's like you said, it's not just risking the child, it's risking you your wife. It's risking everybody,
Oh my gosh.
Well,
Yes.
Hi.
All
Hello.
wow.
well. And we're
not talking. I mean, this is hopefully this isn't gonna be for years. It's, you know, he
might
lose socialization, you know, being with other Children, but that's only going to be temporary. So and he can do video calling and stuff. You know what I'm saying? I mean, you can do
other, we're all having to do that. I mean, I mean
people home schooled before this, you know, people were home schooling and so it's not rocket science. So
there's computer
programs for in some schools, some states will offer programs on the computer for people that wanted to homeschool before this virus hit. So I think they just they're scrambling, you know. But I think it's connected to the money connected to the schools is why so much pressure is being put on push people trying to push these kids back in the schools. That's wrong over money, you know, it's not
funny.
Well,
they're
not
even
It's six ft. It may be 20 if we made more distance than that. We don't there's so much we don't know, there's more we don't
know than we do know unfortunately
I
think.
now.
Why,
Why?
What
happened?
All
Well,
and
the
jobs
aren't back yet. All the jobs are I mean it's not ready
for people to go totally back to work only.
It's very limited.
All
Hi
villain.
Uh
That's
what
being
a danger sign at a construction site or something. Enter at your unrest. Let me you better. It's not safe.
I haven't been
going in stores, I've been going I get my groceries at the click list and I got to pick them up, I get stuff delivered amazon never uh
target
and that's what I'm doing. I did go into the dentist in the doctor's office, but excuse me, I have to do that, excuse me.
But
they took
every
precaution.
I mean they were a mask, I wore masks, they took my temperature, you know it was they were all gloved up and geared up.
because we've lost a lot of them doctors even,
How
time,