good folks. Whoa, whoa. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you for the first time. Yeah. Mhm. It's like, you know. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hi.
Oh, pretty good. Uh A little unexpected and expect to be doing this today, but good enough I guess
it.
What about
what'd you say sorry?
Oh, pretty good. How about yours?
So where do you work at?
Do you enjoy it?
But you don't feel the need to exercise, you know, if he's like, it's a hard like intense job.
So I'm guessing you live like what state do you live in? Yeah,
Arkansas,
I like it a lot. Yeah. So what do you normally do after you
get off
of work?
Do you work like the
night,
is there like a night in like a morning shift or is it just,
how long have you been working there for? Yeah.
So what do you, do you live near the beach north Carolina?
Do you like go a lot or just kind of like whatever? Mhm.
Do you like live at home or do you live on your own?
Pretty convenient? I mean I like commute. Mhm.
Okay,
so like what do you, if you don't go to the beach, what do you like to do in like north Carolina? Mhm.
Um I like to read quite a bit. I do wanna reading, I still like I go to college and I still love it home. So I end up, I spent a long time my family, so I don't, I'm not very exciting person.
Arkansas Tech University. It's not would not have heard it's a pretty small universities. About 10,000 students.
cool. What are you studying? Yeah,
that's cool. I know nothing about computers, so I you're very good at that.
Oh yeah, I heard a lot about Libya. I see like their commercials all the time online. Yeah.
Uh not really because I've kind of been going to my school and I'm, I'm pretty like happy there, but how long you been going to liberty for?
No.
So did you just realize that you like
your interests,
my underwear or you just like to learn?
But
so is that like coating, do you do like a lot of like python
bringing?
That's cool. So do you play a lot of games then or?
Mhm
What games do you play? Mhm
I think I have heard of it. Yeah. Do you ever like play for like money? Is there like game or competitions or anything that you do? Mhm
Yeah, I think Uh huh Yeah,
you're like people who like basically like play like Fortnite for a living. It seems crazy to me, but yeah, 15, Like $100,000 playing fortnite, which seems crazy, but
good at it, whatever. So are
you hoping
not a lot. I have
like clash of
clans
on my
phone.
And
that's
it's I like I mean I don't play like super regularly. I think that's like the only, I used to play like the harry potter game, like the interactive one on my phone but the app works very well so I don't play it a lot. Are you hoping to stay in north Carolina after you graduate?
Does he work in Maryland or does he work in D. C. Like
how long have you guys been married for?
So like how did you guys like how do you guys need?
No that's like a totally respectable way to meet now, like everyone meets, it's like my cousin met her like Beyonce, I'm bumble and he's like a doctor. So I mean there's some good, there's some good people out there online. So are you excuse me
there soon to Maryland?
What does he do?
That's cool.
So you guys like you guys are
both very
like hands on like people like you guys both like to do active work. So do you have any pets? Oh I guess you probably don't have any pets in that motel.
It's free. Is that I mean dogs are like I like dogs. We have two dogs but like they're like super expensive. You know there's a big hassle. I think so. Yeah
they're like the dogs but after they go on to the greater beyond. I don't have
any pets.
Yeah I'm a full time student and then I worked for one of my professors and I do like I grade like this assignment that for a couple of their classes but I don't only work about eight hours a week so I'm not a ton. I worked pretty little actually. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh yeah. I like it a lot there. The professor over four is pretty chill. She um a little bit crazy. But like the best ones are always are. But she's pretty chill. So we have a pretty good relationship? Mm hmm.
So have you always lived in north Carolina or?
So what did you do in the Air Force? Did you like fly planes or do something
with your psychology degree?
way. Do they have, are they happy with school? Isn't that like something the military does they like help with?
How long
were you in the military for?
What made you like? Was it just like time for a change or?
You get all those like you feel like a lot of military discounts is like, is that like a thing that like do you like, Oh I just come to places like for being in the military album point. Yeah.
bursting. Do you like still have like the uniform or like
I was gonna say you have like a ready made costume like Halloween costume for like forever if you had it.
So do you have any kids?
No, me neither. So you have, do you have one brother?
So are you an
ant?
Both my brothers are younger so I'm not in either, which is really good piece. They're both minors so.
Oh yeah, I'm 20. How old are you?
so pretty similar. Do you like do a lot of surveys on prolific?
I've been trying like I like using prolific and I've been a little bit money on there but I'm always trying to look for any other places, but I haven't found anywhere else that I can do surveys. Really? So.
Okay.
is it heard
I think I tried it for a little bit but I didn't maybe I wasn't doing it right but I didn't make any money. Did you? Is this something I should try or do you do it?
I want to write that down. Mhm. So I started this it doesn't pay very well but I started this um new app. Wait wait where is it? It's called Job Spotter. Don't you see that? But it's with indie Job and you take yours of hiring signs and they like pay for it. They don't yeah so they don't pay a lot so I just do whatever I'm actually at the store but it's like if you already have it on your phone you know you're already there. So but I don't that's pretty small
amounts. But how did the M 3rd thing and turn so what do you do for like food in the motel? You have like a kitchen?
That's good. What do you miss cooking or are
you just glad to not to do it? Right.
My mom is the home of teacher but I don't I didn't pick up any of those skills from her. I don't really like cooking or so
anger
or anything.
No. Yeah I took her classes in high school and I like being with her but I did not enjoy the stuff like material necessarily
every I mean like they like they make like pajama pants and stuff like and I don't know what else they do now but I don't really
enjoy sewing so I enjoy eating but the whole
mix. So are you like excited to move to Maryland or I mean like get out of
like. No.
Do you consider north Carolina to be like a northern state or a southern state? Mhm. Mhm. Do you like do people that have like southern act if he's like I can't
tell that you necessarily
have like a strong southern accent.
But
I think
I don't think I don't think you necessarily, it's on like northern or so there's kind of like I don't know like I think you just have like an average accent which
I don't
mean
like I think it's good not to be too northern or to southern.
Yeah you're pretty neutral. Like I think you can like blend in most places around the U. S.
Yeah. So what are you hoping to do? Like long term?
I can see like from like the 15 minutes that I've known you you seem like you'd be like a good teacher or something
teacher.
I feel like survive like energetic teacher vibe. Uh huh
I mean they're always hiring for teachers, you know, they always need more of those.
Oh yeah. Like this like online, like
home school or like charter schools or whatever, whatever they are.
I haven't heard of that now. Is that like,
that's cool.
I don't really like kids that much
getting paid. So I like babies are like getting paid, but I don't necessarily like Children that much.
I think maybe I would like them or if they were mine, you know, or like I adopted, but like, I don't want to hang out with like kids as a job. That makes sense. My brother goes to preschool and I cannot imagine being in a classroom with 20 toddlers all day. That sounds like a awful life experience. Like sounds horrible.
No, I couldn't know. I could do it. It takes a much more patient person than I am to handle Children all day.
I don't I'm not very good like it. So I took like an article from high school and she like walked me through it and then that one okay. But like if you just gave me a paper and like a pen or like a paintbrush and they're like make something, I wouldn't be able to do it. I would like to learn like origami, which is kind of artistic I guess. But not really. What about you? The artistic.
Poetry. That's
cool. Do you do like hidden or like spoken word?
Do you ever go to like, what is it like poetry slams? Is that what they're called? Like?
That seems like so cool. I think I would be I would want to go and watch it. I wouldn't want to participate but I wouldn't want to watch other people to it.
No I don't I'm not gonna that. Yeah
I'm not very good at poetry at all so I like I like other people's take on poetry but I don't
like me poetry.
Did you read when you were a kid? Did you read like it's like Shel Silverstein like where the sidewalk ends? He does all those little poem poems for kids.
It's not real poetry anyways like they're cute like silly silly poems so they're not really like thoughtful or insightful or anything.
Well that's a tough question. Uh I'm learning spanish so I'm kind of good to spanish. Not very good. A little bit good though. Uh But the best in my family but none of them speak it at all, so it's not really much of an accomplishment.
Yeah maybe one day I'll become fluent. It's a lot harder than I thought it was gonna be when I first started.
I didn't forget how many words there are in the language, there are a lot of words and yes.
What what are you like? Well designing apps and poetry, what else do you like are you do that?
You're like the most interesting person. These are like the most diverse. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. A christian rapper that's like like like Ray. Mhm
Yes.
he was song. Yeah I think he was bigger a few years ago. I ever heard much from him recently.
I don't think I know any other christian rappers besides that.
But I mean like kind of like it's different but like poetry like is somewhat similar to like wrap right like I mean I have to flow so I guess
I can see like the connection between the tomb. So do you still or is that behind you christian rap?
Uh huh. So do you just do do
you sing as well?
Yeah.
No, my brother like does like plays at her at his high school. He sings okay. He does, he sings the best at all of us. But we're not a very musically or musically inclined family is the most. Um so do you like to travel?
Yes. Okay. So if you could go anywhere like I guess not necessarily by car, but if you go anywhere in the world, like where would you go? Like if you were going to take like a plane somewhere,
does your family live there or was your like parents in the military?
huh
Where in Italy? Were you born?
Oh is that best for the tower? Is right. The leaning tower. Yeah.
Is your dad still with the military?
It's
funny that you like, you did the same thing where you like, he tried it out and then decided like it was for you. That's cool. You're born in ITaly though?
Were you born in like the like a hospital? Were you born in like the, like the base on a military base?
Do your parents like, did they learn any like italian while they were there?
Like all the locals that she was so nice. She's just called them beautiful all the time, you know?
So Where in North Carolina? So you live like 30 minutes from the beach. What's, what's the capital? North Carolina? Is it charlotte? Mm hmm.
Well, I've never been to north Carolina but is charleston in north Carolina? Mhm
Is there like this
might
be a stupid question. But is there like a rivalry between north and south Carolina or which one is better?
I mean there's no like south Arkansas. So I just wonder like, do you guys, people who live on the border between north and south Carolina, they talk about north Carolina's better or south Carolina?
I don't know what they do,
but if you move to like Marilyn you can see like you go to Washington steal the time. I guess that's Maryland's a pretty small state. So
do you like
three? Yeah.
Do you, do you like like history or?
So living your Washington D. C. Is not necessarily something you care about it maybe.
I went to D. C. A few years ago and I mean it's mostly just like my, you know, like you have to like monuments if you like to see pretty much like.
Yeah. Yeah. The one with, I don't get a penny. I don't know why I was looking around for a penny, but the one that it's on the penny. Right? Yeah. The little
so did you guys like, I'll go there for like some sort of like military thing or was it more like a, you're the military, you should see like the capital thing.
you like make a lot of friends while you're in the military or did you like travel too much to kind of do that?
You lived in text man. You lived everywhere. So you know, is it just north Carolina texas or if you look at other places in the states.
I mean just like you barely made it into Italy on. That's cool. That's cool. You're born in Italy. I wonder if you have like at one point you had like a little passport with little, you know Italy stamp on it. That's so cute.
Well that was, it was probably expired honest. But if you got one here baby. Yeah, like your picture would just be like you as an infant. They were like, we can't tell. This is your hot.
Yeah. Yeah, we can call my mom and she bashed for me.
Yeah. Well I was born here and then we moved to Tennessee and I lived in Memphis for a couple of years and then we moved back here and I've been here like pretty much ever since. So I like Arkansas a lot. I really do like where I live a lot. But I do you want to live somewhere else? Eventually after I graduate
uh Tennessee as a whole. I think it's probably just felt like Arkansas or any player cells. But Memphis was a pretty violent. City is a pretty, it's like it's a pretty dangerous city or at least when I lived there it was. But as a whole I think Tennessee is pretty nice. It's a um it's a pretty state I think. But
I think most southern states are pretty similar. So I think you could pretty much live in a southern state and it's just like another southern state. You know.
I don't think meant this. Probably not. I don't really know any of the people I knew there don't live there anymore. So I don't really have any connection to it anymore. But I wouldn't be opposed to moving back to Tennessee moving somewhere in Tennessee. Uh so I think we I just checked and I think we pit our 25 minute mark.
If you have something else. Well you probably are tired. He's even like working all day
so we could end this conversation if you want.
I mean it must get anything else you want to talk about.
Yeah. So I'm studying um economics and business right now and then hopefully afterwards I might try to get my graduate degree.
I wouldn't say pretty smart. I just I guess I just like to work a lot. So I guess you don't have to be somewhere you just like to have to be okay with working pretty much with college.
Yeah. I think that's probably more than anything. Like if you want to graduate you just got to be able to put the time in. It seems like okay.
Uh huh. Uh huh. It's I'm trying to think of it. So I have a 3.84 right now.
Taking my like most difficult classes yet. So we'll see how it goes after. I take those all my computer based ones with computers. I don't know anything about. We'll see how it goes after that.
How much time do you left? Do you have until you graduate Liberty? Mhm.
It will that be your Bachelor's or will that be your associates?
That's awesome. I mean so you're gonna like, it's cool that you're going to have like a diverse like psychology, like your associate psychology and then like a bachelor's and like and something else, like a very broad knowledge. You know? That's cool. Are you hoping to work with, you see like a game design company?
Do you have anyone like in particular or?
So you want to like start
your own company?
That's cool. Are you also learning about like how to design websites and stuff like that?
That's cool. Do you like do that for other businesses? Like do they hire you to make their websites?
What platform do you use for your like blog? Because I always thought about doing a blog but I don't know anything about setting one up.
I do. So do you like I always thought that was more for like website like cos I guess but you use it for like your blog. Mhm.
What's like your blog going to be called? Mhm.
That's cool that you're doing a blog though for that. That's it's cool that you're doing that do you? So you enjoy writing?
That makes sense. But it's all making sense. You know the rap You know the poetry the flock? They're all connect.
I think you could do like a site like I actually do like if you wanted like a side hustle like of doing people's websites though. I bet people would pay you to make websites because there's tons of people like me. You don't know anything about doing that sort of stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. I bet wherever you live, I bet there'll be like, I bet there'll be small businesses who would want to have a higher like do their website.
I think
it's just,
you're gonna be like one of those like side hustle millionaires, you know, they make from there. So yeah, that's good. That's going to be, um, bending it right now. Yeah,
I, well, I better let you go, but I enjoy talking to you. I was kind of where I was going to be like, compared with someone really weird
this.
I was like, what? It's like some like weird old dude or something, But this has been a conversation.
Okay, well, uh, see you whenever you become famous making websites.
Thanks you too. All right.