Yeah, wow. Four. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. For the time, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. Mr Yeah. Mhm.
How about? How are you?
That's true.
Right. I was just, I was just actually looking at messages. My sister is presumed positive for covid, so I was just checking up on her.
Okay. I mean she's she's relatively healthy. So we're like, just hoping that, you know, nothing
too crazy happens.
But
you never know.
I'm so sorry.
Right. Right. It's not happening to me. So like even though it's happening, it's like it's not so direct.
Right. And I was kind of the same thing. I was like, I mean, we're all taking precautions maybe, but here we are.
Thanks. I hope
so too. I'm sure.
that's the thing is I'm like, she doesn't have anything that's on like the high risk list. So at least we have that in mind.
Because your body is trying to attack all the issues you already have. And then you get this thing that's like so foreign. Yeah. And
I've heard
like, yeah, even the people who are healthy, some of them have to end up in the hospital anyway and like their symptoms last for weeks. Like it's not just like a few days, it's like six weeks or more like, oh my God, you
shouldn't be for a long time. Hopefully not. But
I was just reading, um, just
stories of people who have had it or are recovering or potentially have it. And they were just talking about like, hey, it's been three weeks and I saw symptoms, hey, it's been two months and I still have symptoms like, has anyone recovered? And I was like, oh my God,
do
you believe?
Right. They symptomatic people, they're good, we're fine.
They're
chilling. Yeah. So do you what
do you do for work, are you working from home or?
Not
much different.
so you guys don't have to change much?
Mhm.
How
long is your daughter?
I've worked your kids. I totally know what you're saying. I get the five. I know exactly what you say.
I actually
worked before I um so I have a daughter too. She's 10 months so different ages. But
I know I can't believe she's about to be one but that's a whole other, all other story. But um we tried going
back to work because I was in a I was working at a preschool and I was doing the after school program with like 10 year old. It was it was anywhere between five and I think 12 was cut off, so it was after um after elementary school and like the sas the attitude I was just like, wow. Like that was the oldest group of kids I had worked with in a while. So it was just like, okay. I mean it's funny because a lot of people always ask me like what's your favorite like age group to work with? And I was like, you know, they all have pros and cons. So I don't. But yeah, I haven't. I feel bad for all the parents you have to like be home schooling or whatever you have to do right now.
trying to work from home at the same. Like how do you even
you
have to?
Oh my gosh. I
remember
watching my parents do that with like my little brother and always so bad. Like
it would
and will.
Oh my God. Well that part of the program I was in as we would have to help them with homework and I'm like I'm pretty good with math so it was okay like but I would have to reteach myself every time I look at a problem I'd have to like really like look at the page, look at the examples and instructions to make sure I'm teaching them the right way. It was just I don't know why they did that. Apparently it helps them like in the long run so they can break it down easier. But
the
answer then like there's
just memorizing a formula kind
of thing.
Yeah well even that's what I would learn
that I did
that's
So
I mean I guess if it's if it's faster
and easier in the long room and what
I know seriously? Hopefully I'll already have learned it
and I'm like okay let's do it.
she's she's getting that tall. Their attitude though. She's already got it. She started
at like nine months with, you know the like bend the back, like throw themselves and I was like alright, here we go.
surprisingly, she loves her car seat and I mean we haven't been in it in a long time, so
Oh I haven't, it's okay.
Yeah. She's like, wait this is trained, I'm not used to this anymore,
She has like so the biggest change because we I I ended up quitting my job to stay home with her because it just wasn't working out
for us. You know, she was not happy with daycare. Um We gave it two months so we tried. But the only thing
is we were really doing is we would go to like this like library storytime or we would go to the park, or we would go to, she had like a gymnastics class, so it wasn't like we were constantly seeing people and going out, but she then doesn't have any socialization now. So I've been thinking like how is this going to affect her development? Like is she gonna, once she finally we'll like see another kid, is she gonna freak out or is she going to understand like how is it? I
don't even know.
I
Right. No, that's exactly what, because I'm like this is the age where she like my daughter sharing with us sexual, she'd be like, oh you have this, but she also will take it back when she wants back, you know? So
how is she gonna be able to work through that? She can't really like, she can kind of do it with us, but when it's another kid who also wants to take the toy back, like how are they let work
through that? Hasn't ever had to?
And that's what I was thinking. I was like, maybe because I actually I have a degree in child development, I was like, okay, maybe this because I know they're so Moldable at this age, so I was like maybe it'll just cause a delay, but they'll still be able to kind of pick it up later on to go years. But then the ripple effect, how does that affect other milestones? Are they every kid like generation going to be delayed? Like is this going to change everything? It's
great.
and
right. You're like, I don't
know,
I was supposed to get married next year. We have to stop planning the wedding because I'm like, I don't know what we're doing. It's okay. I mean it's okay. We have we're still together, we have the kid, we have a house, like, you know, we're still doing okay.
Yeah, so we're
we have to stop planning. I'm like I don't want to start paying for my venue yet if I don't know if I'm going to use it. So
yeah, we're gonna wait see because I'm like, you know what,
Because next year will be our five year anniversary of us being together. So we wanted to do it next year. So
I'm like,
maybe we'll do like a small courthouse wedding next year and then when this is all better
then we
can have the huge party, you know that we want to have
something that's probably what's going to end up happening,
Like it's gonna be like 19.
All
it's just
Oh, were you just like sitting here this whole time or what?
That's annoying. Do they have to reschedule it or did you just like, okay.
absolutely.
You're
like,
I worked
on
15.
Well here we are. We made
it.
I'm already
halfway through. Based on the little timer.
I do something.
Yeah, I was face timing my family. So I told my fiance was like, here, take the, take the phone, take the baby. Yeah.
feed
off each other's energy.
Well, not having pages. Maybe I can do three. Okay,
I can't, I haven't, I used to write music. That's not happened.
Yeah, I haven't, I don't even remember the last song I wrote, I think it was like 18 so I was like five years ago. But who has the time? It's so hard like to sit down and be like okay, inspire me like ah
that's how did the accident happen? You just
absolutely
wrote an Oscar on paper and then someone was like, wow,
you're like, wait, how did that? That's so funny.
That's
so crazy
how things like that happened,
like they just kind of fall into place.
well that's what I've been thinking. I'm like okay if we
do have another kid, how I'm, she's gonna be in kindergarten, like it's going to be free. I'm gonna be totally, she's gonna be totally and we're not totally independent but much more so as like a two year old. Yeah.
can go in the room and actually do something else
more
than five
minutes.
I know. And we're still breastfeeding at the, at the moment, we're like working on winning but not yet because she's not even a year. But I even just thinking about that, I'm like to be able to just like
I could
new for the day
for
the weekend
and you don, I don't have to pump like that even is a huge amount stuff. I'm
like
forthwith also trying to hold on to it at the same time. So I don't because I don't want to rush it and then be like, oh man, I miss it, you
know, I don't get it anyway, but I want to make sure I don't do it too fast for either of us right found
or feeds to three feeds. That was all her too. So I was like, okay, okay,
I'm thinking we will. So we have like, it's like morning, noon and night essentially. So I'm thinking maybe we'll just cut out that day feed and then, because the morning and night I don't mind doing, it's the day ones that I'm like, okay, okay, fine.
it's, it interrupts what you're doing, but in the morning it's like we both just got up at night,
I have to do it to put it to bed and then
I go,
oh, hang out. So it's
like,
yeah. And it's,
there's
so many benefits. I'm like, what? What's a few more months of just morning and night, you know?
but I can
certainly mind.
Oh my God, I've been waiting. I would like when I would ever do it in public, I was just waiting and like, please someone say something
like
pretty
much. I wish I had
that or something. That's like, please talk to me like, please just give me a reason to go off on someone.
that's hard.
Do you
like
better than you being like disgusting? You're like,
actually
all right though are when people say like someone comments and they're like, you like put it away or something like that.
And then the mom stops and so the baby's screaming, I
don't like strangers are like looking and they're like, sorry, he won't let me feed my kids. So
what can I do?
I
think
I did.
I
can't even comprehend like I can't compromise words. Oh my God, woman getting the karens of the world so we speak.
Too much of a freedom of I'd say.
Yeah. I don't
I know, right. Is there something there's got to be something we can do.
Seriously? That's
what
I don't understand the most. I'm like whatever, you can have your own opinions, You can be pissed off about
something, whatever, but
how you gonna go up to the counter and cough in someone's face right now? Or like storm off and say you want to call them the security and the manager for somebody who is literally just doing their job. Yeah.
Mm It's
I look, but I
see
it.
I just,
I just like as you can see, I'm speechless, I can't think
of
word
makes me so angry. I'm like just leave them alone.
But
seriously, my fiance works a target. So it's been essential since day one and it's been like a shit show for him. Like he's had to do so much work and everybody's crazy. And so when I see people like yelling at essential workers, I'm like, do you even like think about what they're doing, like what they're going through right now to give you the service that you're trying to get. Like I don't as you
yeah like we have this whole like sanitizing routine when he comes home like
pretty much. Yeah comes in the door, takes off his clothes like at the door he goes in the room and takes off his clothes and changes and then goes and washes his hands and then we sanitize every door knob and everything he's touched because on do something to help.
Yeah if it doesn't eliminate every germ it's at least helping get rid of most of them because it's
not
gonna
hurt clean yourself more you know
right or just
dirt. Like literally
anything
is
better
than
nothing. That was the problem with my my sister who is now presumed positive. Um She her husband works out of shipyard up in Washington so it's a government um
job and they have done nothing to help, literally. There have been I think six positive cases at work. They wouldn't tell them who it was, they wouldn't tell them what department they worked in,
they wouldn't sanitize anything, but they did say oh you have to wear a mask and if you don't wear a mask you can't work but they wouldn't provide them.
So
So it's just like okay we're just asking for anyone to have to and and they're not giving the money paid sick like extra people, he now has to quarantine with my sister and has to use
all of his like vacation time and it's like about
our
offense. I'm like do we really need you to be working on the
army
now?
Seriously. And then there are the things that you don't think about. Like I just watched the video of somebody on Youtube like sat down with some essential workers, funerals, funeral parlor people who have to go collect the bodies, thinks about that, but they're probably like one of the most essential out there with health care. It's just,
you don't take off that thing today, but
Yeah. That's
Oh my God. Yeah.
Oh this is so different. And the fact that like with people not being
able to breathe properly,
what is that going to do to our society? Like how are
we going? Because I saw someone on the internet somewhere saying like, well, but this is just we were raised to grieve this way so like you're gonna be fine without, it's like okay. Yeah, but you were raised to grieve that way. So you think that it has to be a certain way and then that's taken away from you. I don't know what else to do like. Sure. Yeah. In another country maybe they never have funerals, maybe they just like they move on and it's fine but in our society like that's how
we cope with this, we have this
celebration
and so without it how do you how do you move forward?
No
I like the
Yeah. The and the reason that Italy got hit so hard in the first place is because they have so many it's like a high elderly population there.
right. Like I like it takes out this whole problem like this whole generation of people. What does that do moving forward?
Right. Yeah. My parents are in their
sixties but my mom also
has Parkinson's but it's not it's not like in a high risk but you know she's not in great health but they're not really taking it that seriously, they're taking it okay. Like seriously if my dad's still working though, he's an essential worker because he works
for Anton.
But just yeah, I worry about
them because my mom mom literally has told me she's like, I'm not gonna get it, it's fine. But I'm like mom, she's like,
I don't
get.
Yeah, but this isn't the flu, this is something else. So
maybe,
you
know, that's probably right. But there's something else. Yeah. She's discovering one. Oh.
I
try to go so fast and I'm 23 good health. Like how?
But
Yeah. Uh
That's amazing. I
I usually do like I'm either wearing one glove and that's what I open like doors with. Or I bring uh like a sanitizing wipe and I just like real quick like the grocery card or something.
Yeah. I have a bunch of little ones, like one in my car
one and the like uh thanks. I wanted my purse. Yeah. Yes and any time I touch anything it's like okay hurry like don't let them multiply
life. But
yeah that's
something
have um we have a 95 masks because we have them left over from there was a bunch of fires around here last year and so we had a couple of those but I'm like we can't keep using these, they're gonna stop working.
we
learn
like
yeah that's what I'm thinking I might do but we don't have a washer dryer yet. That was one of the things because we moved into this place March 1st. So we were like gathering, gathering everything. And like once we have finally really moved in then the pandemic it. So we're like okay I guess this is it,
right. Which thankfully we do and we have a yard now, so that's good, and the laundromat is within walking distance,
so
at least there's that.
yeah, that's
what we're in a one bedroom apartment, like, crammed me, fiancee baby and our big dog, like it was tight. And so yeah, so we were like, thank God, like my mom,
you know that stuff like, yeah,
you moved up kind of a horrible time, but also the next time, older months, like, yeah, so I can't imagine not having a yard because that's all I've been doing is a disaster when we came in the yard. So I've just been like, fixing
it. I was like, well, I guess my daughter, next thing to play outside, it gives me an excuse to play outside,
but
it's a good time for everybody.
Okay, We made it to 30 minutes.
I
did. How
do we?
I know. Well, that's kind of the most like hot topic
at the time.
Yeah. You, too. Do we just exit the tab or do we have to
like all the questions? Okay, well,
healthy drink.
All