Hello can you hear me? Hi how are you doing?
Not too bad. It's friday.
And again I'm not quite sure what friday means anymore so.
Oh that's horrible I'm sorry.
No
nothing
but crazy.
you don't you don't I've had a loss in our family from it so
it was shocking. It was because you kind of go through a bubble for a long time of I don't know.
it's direct, yeah. You know somebody wants, somebody told me that you know eventually everybody will know somebody. I'm like
Yeah. Well hopefully everything works out,
odds
are good the odds are there
and that that seems to be a huge part because my my cousin who passed away she had she had pre existing conditions that you know it's kinda is one of the things if she didn't have any of those pre existing conditions she probably would have recovered and been fine but you know when you already have health problems it just kind of falls down maybe,
Then
everything
And
yeah, yeah, you know and yeah we just don't know if it's gonna be a year from now, you're still recovering from something. That's
yeah.
Yeah, I want to see the
people
like, no, I feel awesome, thanks tom Hanks. I think tom Hanks feels good,
you know, they're they're like it was no big deal, what
does everything
perhaps
um funny enough I worked from home before, I'm a
writer,
yeah I'm a writer and I write books so I'm always at home and um my husband he's works at home too, he's worked at home for eight years except,
well we haven't really changed by Sanders like oh this is really
a struggle, it's like really hasn't our daughter's home
that
she's dead and that why
Show me always there. So when
you
especially.
Well.
I can't complain. I have one. So you know I can't imagine having multiple kids and dealing with multiple right
You split it, you split it up because my
husband,
yeah we're on the west coast. My husband actually works East coast time so he's up early and he gets his work and then but we spent today we spent combined like 2.5 3 hours helping her with school work today
trading
bigger.
And it's like
I'm
I know well and again but you know I know people keep saying it, but it's like this whole new math thing doesn't work
Like their comprehension of why it is and not just the repetition of learning the answer. I
get
earth.
I
was doing long division on paper this morning and it was taking me a long time.
No,
but
it was fun.
But
cover
Yeah. Well hopefully it'll be normal by the time your little ones in the school.
martin
right now you're still on the fun stage. Yeah.
Look.
No, no, no, we're just gonna put you in your car seat. No, you're not. Yeah.
I you know, you don't even think about that like the adjustment back for kids because what about your dogs started my dog barks. But um
she hates my husband. Um uh but you know your dogs aren't used to you being gone anymore. So like I was five hours the the other day we left the house and our dogs were, they weren't that were like, oh we're going to ease them back. And then your kids, my daughter had left the house since mid March. So we uh so we took her to the farmers market. Yeah, asked up but we took her to the farmers market and it was outside so we figured ok, we can control that. So kind of like what is this crazy world? What's going on?
She's not like, I'm sure babies are like, I'm not getting in that car seat again. Uh Not gonna
Well.
What?
completely
valid, completely valid.
I nanny for a 16 month old. She hasn't seen anybody but her mom, her dad and two nannies. I'm one of them. But since the beginning of March, she's had no story time at the library, she's had no music class, she's had none of this stuff. It's just her world has gotten really tiny wonder how she's gonna do the next time she has to share a toy or
Money.
Like
yeah, you worried they missed that developmental moment, They miss that developmental moment at that age range, can they do it later, can they jump ahead or? Uh huh.
I
know it's that in the unknown of being able to like my daughter's 10 and she's like
well what do we do next?
We
have no idea what's next. She's supposed to go to middle school for the first time next year. Oh.
but you put a lot of effort and details into that so
imagine.
No, absolutely not. But
no,
it'll be
fun. Yeah.
Have a party
needs,
for
but
they don't care.
They totally don't care. Oh goodness. Uh
I had to know shows so I'm really happy to get to talk to you.
I did. I still like the first time I waited like eight minutes in, the second time I waited 10 minutes and she was like,
I just see, I put in that I could reschedule again and reschedule in and I
don't know
today
was
going to do
it
then you're gonna be my like, maybe last chance
we
are
done
little
counter. I was on a zoom call anyway and I was like, hey, I have to jump off this soon, called to jump on a different chat.
I did. I was I was writing with other authors because it's a motivator. Okay, we're all doing it at the same time. Maybe we'll get some work done
here
is the idea. Yeah. It's just peer pressure, what it is.
So it's always a challenge to do it. But yeah, and I was like telling everybody, I'm like, okay, I'm in the room, the doors closed. Don't bug me Well,
burger. Yeah. Any of these top things,
hard. It's always hard. I've, I actually, I'm not one of those people that was like, oh, I've always wanted to do this kind of fell into it accidentally. It's as possible. And um so I've been doing it for six years um is basically my main job. So,
you know,
it was it
no, I actually pure greed. Um a huge reader. Um actually I, I write romance novels, so a reader and my sister is a huge reader. And then it was right at the point where it's really, really easy to make money on amazon. And so we're like, hey, let's give this a try. So we like booked a hotel room for the weekend to see what we could, right? And we're supposed to write like these really like short little things that were spelling, that we're selling very quickly on amazon at the time because basically didn't have any story. Um and I ended up writing a story and I published it and people like, and then I wrote another one and I wrote another one and I wrote another one and it just kept going and going and going and six years later I'm like, I still don't know how
it happens, you know? But it was, so I started writing when my daughter was four and
I'll finish
it.
No,
it's hard to please, you know, she hit, she was in preschool, so that helps. Uh huh,
it.
no, for sure that they hit that two year old mark and all of a sudden they can independently play for a really long time. Yeah,
you could
do something
else.
Hmm. And then, yeah, every year after that you get a little bit more of your time.
Still
here.
Like I could just
go
now complaining.
it would
be
I'm
and then,
hey, that the 16 month old I nanny for, she's still twice a day. Uh
little today. Yeah,
and
go
to sleep.
It
makes the brain so smart. Too
good
for.
don't worry about what anybody says. Do not work with anybody's
opinion.
Oh my gosh, So many opinions right now. No.
Did
you, did you get that militant? Just like bring it up, are you?
Do
you?
I don't. I respect my daughter on the airplane ones. Yeah.
Sitting beside myself well. And I kind of was like, yeah, it was threw a blanket over me and the guy next to me because it was a stranger. He's like, do you need anything? It can I help? Like, you know, he was legitimately like, did I need to move like a tray or like, no, I'm cool. He's like,
thank you, appreciate
your
more mugs.
Ever heard?
No?
Here you go.
Album
defending him. Sorry. Yeah. The guy is getting offended is one thing the women getting offended is a totally other thing. I
love
that day.
No.
See.
No, it's that it's that kind of my husband. I was just talking about the freedom of opinion right now. Freedom.
Yeah. You know, it's like how do you how do you limit someone's opinion? Mm
Wait it's certain way we could do that. But
it's just for me it's just that lack of civility
these
people
there's
1%
that entitlement in the just
what my skin because it's so
can't
you
august
moon?
I
know
there's
especially with everybody just trying to get through
right now, it's like making anyone's life tougher right now infuriates me.
risk that they take every day.
Well that's good the whole stripping down and hold them off.
You know even if it doesn't really help it feels like it helps
you
like
me,
you might be washing off the flu or a mercenary or something else.
It's
been maybe
he
doesn't
need
it.
Yeah.
And
of
course not. That's great.
and
it's not taking care of their employees right now that have to work out in public, you know, I
hope.
Come
on.
Yeah, I know what is essential. I mean, I think that's what everybody's asking. What is essential,
currently right now, yeah, and
depending on where they are, they could be slammed I mean,
but even just people not being able to go to funerals, my
my cousin, they couldn't have a funeral, I didn't have anybody come. So you know, they kind of just did an online thing and and they did, you know, they didn't know flowers of course or anything like that. So they just asked for donations to um the to the hospital workers. Oh you know, that's all they could really do for her memorial and you know I mean Yeah, the you just have to send her off and collect her ashes and that's it and we'll still have to work and they have to be you think about they always deal with contamination, but this is different.
All
I'm
Monitor.
Help
found
himself.
Yeah. And I think there's that there's still that arab anonymity for the people that are going, you know, occasionally we hear about someone oh this bus driver that complained that they needed to wear masks and there needed to be more restrictions. He died of Covid, so we're a bit but you don't hear of like everyone else, you don't
hear this grandma that didn't make it out of the retirement home and
right, is that the new hospital? Mm I was even in we're talking about italy Italy like lost all its grandparents
and everybody lost their grandparents uh lost bananas and papa's and it's just kind of like that, how does that affect your society moving forward when you don't have that elderly population?
Moving forward and I know I don't know about you, but trying to keep my parents at home. Uh huh
It's
all
I'm
working
that
how
do
you know
was
it
something?
and my parents are in their mid to late seventies and you know how you guys doing? So we went to the store for four hours which
was
like well we wore our masks at my
dad walking around with like a spray bottle of alcohol on his hip. Yes.
Did he like squeeze your door handles and stuff before he touches?
I want it all up.
Like I put this size in my car.
Well.
We have this little hanging rack in our laundry room and it's just got our masks just trying
let's
every
life.
I was we were using our 95 which aren't as good as in 95 but they're still okay. And I was just like, and we were leaving them in the sun, like maybe that help say at the time a little bit, but that's
why we
switched
to the fabric just a week.
We really like this place because we're staying here.
Oh, that's good. You
know,
I'm very grateful for outdoor outdoor space. I always say that I'm I can't imagine people living in apartment buildings and things like that, I'm like I have outdoor space, I have no complaints, honestly,
I
my
huh.
Working
pop can get outside, everybody can
breathe oxygen. Yeah. Okay,
that's it. Oh goodness.
Did we make it to 30 minutes and
we'll
well,
that's about one thing,
I
know you can do the uh you know what do you binge watching? But that's just a whole nother. Yeah, well, awesome. Was fun talking to you.
I think we exit the tab and then we go back to that rate,
All right, we'll stay safe.
You too