No this is my third time, technically four but my first partner never showed up.
thanks.
That's it. That's funny because I have the opposite problem. I normally use chrome but somebody's in my webcam doesn't work. So I have to do this on Firefox. I I don't know why.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So
where are you? Sorry what's your name?
Hi Patrick. My name is louis.
Oh wow. I'm in Maryland close to D. C.
Now. D. C. Washington D. C.
No
you don't say. Yeah. So
so what did you do today?
So it's stuff like prolific and other surveys uh Major sources of your income. Okay. Well
I guess that implies that you recently you lost your job in which case? I'm sorry to hear that
Is
that
your dog? I heard him. Oh yeah I'm working right now.
Uh I don't know how the
covid rules are. Wait what type of dog chihuahua? Well
no
I'm sorry.
sorry. The
the quality, oh the quality is a little or so,
you know it's a little
lucky.
So um I don't know how the covid rules are where you are, but here it's highly encouraged to work from home. So unfortunate enough without my job is secure. And I've been working from home since since late March. So
I'm an engineer for an L. E. D. Lighting company. Um Not so much creating the L. E. D. S. But my company, it's more of a business service. We go to different clients like office buildings and apartment complexes and we help retrofit their lives to L. E. D. S. Or energy
savings.
Yeah. So my my main job is to track the progress of installations. So I'm I'm like a pure office guy that just works on Excel all day, which honestly I don't mind.
What?
What people?
wow.
But
what do you like to cook?
But
hey.
Mhm.
Yeah. Oh, that sounds good.
Oh God. All right. Uh over there at 6:00 PM. Right? Uh Right.
Yeah, no, I did this a few days ago, around the same time and the guy that I was with, he ended up talking for over an hour, which
no, it's okay, but no, it was it was nice talking to him. The main thing was that he was talking a lot and he was talking about food and it was late and I hadn't had I hadn't had dinner yet, so so spare ribs awesome. One of my favorite all time foods is pulled or so I tried, I I I intentionally don't let myself know how to make it because I don't want a power. I'm people underestimate how much I eat. Um
like, no, I know. I run like I run a lot, so I run a lot of calories and I like last time I had old pork, I had ate sandwiches in a row. I
love them.
What?
Back. Okay.
Yeah. I mean, last time I went, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Uh I was just going to have a comment that last time I went to Applebee's are ruby Tuesday. Just, you know, one of those places to get ribbed. I had to get two full wrecked. So
You
know.
Well that is, that's nice. I, You know, again, I I cook but more so like I live with my parents even though I'm like 27, I'm almost 27 to live with my parents, I do the majority of the cooking. Uh just because I like, what was it, 2020 years back in Starting in 2013 for like three years, I worked in a kitchen, so I just know how to cook, I'm not aiming, I cook well, I just know how to cook, so I make their food, so, you know, I just make their food and I'm interested to hear what people's specialties are or what they like doing, because I can always learn
you there.
Mhm. Yeah, yeah, I can't see you, you're
I can barely
hear
you, you're going in and out.
no,
right, I mean, yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
good.
All right now,
yeah, I guess uh I I'm a decent movie guy, just that I watch a lot of movies. Um like one of my goals For the past three years is each year I want to watch at least 100 new movies. New meaning that I've never seen them. Not that they just came out. So
are you?
Yes. Like what do you have any favorite movies?
When it comes time? For what?
Uh you'd be surprised.
Yeah, I think there is
um oh, I can't tell. No. What is it?
it's
oh, old movies.
wow.
of course officer.
No, it is. I don't think I have a favorite genre. It it just depends what mood I'm in. Sometimes I'm in the mood to laugh so a comedy. Sometimes I guess I have to choose two genres. It would be comedy and um like thriller, I guess. Anything with a good twist or anything suspenseful I like. Mm Right. Yeah.
yeah and I
What?
With an example
I have not
it's you.
Yeah. Yeah. Only recently. Hi I'm way
behind
but
I
have seen them. Dry white Troops.
Okay. Oh let me see. It's called World's Greatest.
The World's Greatest. Yeah, I have it up right now.
What?
What?
Yeah. Was it because you were told ahead of time that there was a twist?
enough.
enough.
Yeah. I mean when I first saw it just the vague resemblance of the the guy that shot him and Haley Joel Osmond, it makes it it makes it up here as if it's a flashback. At least again I saw this when I was in elementary school, so I'm not gonna be the best observer at that point. Overall, my idea for having a a sufficient twist is that the movie has to be interested. Like I'm not gonna try to guess twist because I don't, I don't want to ruin the movie for myself. So what I, all I needed to do is have a good story as it goes along because then I can just focus on the story where it is, if it gets boring or like I obviously know where it's going to go and you know, just like I'm gonna bash romcom right now, just for example, because like rom coms have a very, it's a very standard formula where, you know, they don't know each other, then they get together, then they get into a fight and then they fight because of a miscommunication, then they break up and then, you know, they're gonna get back together at the end. So because I already know how the story is going to happen, I'm not focused on the story itself, I'm focused on other stuff, like the logic behind the specific actions or the acting or something like that. Whereas the 6th sense, I was like, you know, at least for me, it was more suspenseful and I, you know, I didn't know where it was going to go. Even if you know that uh one thing Robin Williams now, Bruce Willis is dead the entire time. You know, even that's not gonna attract from the overall story because that's not the point of the story, that's just a twist, a long story. So yeah, even if you, I mean six cents is still one of my top movies, top meaning, I don't know, it's not like top 10, but like top 100 or something like that.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
Okay.
No.
I have
a feeling you're gonna Oh yeah. About time. Okay.
Yes. About time travel. Okay.
No, I don't, I know what I like to do is if I don't like to look up a movie too much because I hate being spoiled. So all I saw it was that something about time travel. And I know what the really, all I want to know is the genre, what year it came out and how long the movie is because that's enough information for me to like to understand enough when I want to go into watching the movie.
Well,
Talking
with
you.
Uh You don't know how much of a Beatles fan I am. Yeah. Here, hold on. Yeah. So like it feels election.
Yeah. I mean, no, like you don't understand. I'm a huge Beatles fan. Like you can tell me a song. I'll tell you what your came out who plays what instruments and all that. Yes.
Hello? No.
Hello?
Well,
yeah, breaking up. I can't hear you. That's
Can
you hear me now?
Okay. Sorry, I didn't catch anything you said after I showed you my room.
Yeah, I know. I was, I was yelling at the screen and like, come on, man. Uh
I
know.
I know
you're preaching
to the
choir.
You're preaching to the choir.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's, there are once in a lifetime music group. Yes.
You there?
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. It's best. Yeah.
Hello?
barely.
And
That's it.
Okay. Yeah. What?
Okay. All right. Mhm. I mean, yeah, I saw that movie in theaters with my girlfriend and it was I was happy that it I was happy that it started to explore the the john Lennon aspect where he's just a normal guy. I wish they went a little further with that. But you know, I knew that they were going to stick more about the rum come side of it. So you know, I'm not gonna complain too much about it. Yeah.
This
is,
Military
part. Very harry potter say. Oh
so
Okay. My name is Louis,
mm. All right. I like a good time to end.
Nicer. Nice to meet
you.