Hello. The second type of partner showed up every great.
I actually showed up to the first one but I was using Firefox and for some reason my computer doesn't like uh Firefox doesn't like to to work with my webcam. So I switched over to chrome.
It works great.
Well hey we both got to figure out. We're both here. Right?
I'm patched
Patrick.
Nice to meet you. Lewis. I'm uh I'm actually located in pretty much extreme northern Illinois. I could walk to Wisconsin in like 10 minutes. So
close to british Columbia.
I got you. I got you. Yeah. I think british Columbia
is on the other side of the other side of the continent.
that's
I actually did um about an hour and a half long uh sort of I'd call it a study group but it was me and one lady interviewing me for 100 and $50. Either amazon gift card or Visa gift card. So
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't sweat it man. I'm doing all right. I had somebody saved up so Yeah. Are you
working
currently?
you can meet him
but
he
says he's offended by the way now. He's
a brussels griffin. Yeah.
In prison.
it's
little
choppy little chop.
What do you do?
Thank
you.
Hey whatever works? Yeah, here like I said I'm like right next to Wisconsin.
I'm not sure. I think that Wisconsin just recently mandated masks but I'm not 100% on that. Um I try to avoid places that might be overcrowded, you know as far as grocery stores
go, I go every couple of weeks. Um
I got a freezer to I like to cook you know uh Yeah I can pretty much make whatever
I need for my freezer in every couple weeks. I just go to get fresh vegetables, stuff like that. So
what don't I like to cook? Pretty much pretty
much anything. I really loved
to barbecue on the grill. Um
Like flow cook, smoking stuff.
My favorite thing, my favorite thing by far to make is spare ribs.
Yeah, it's seven where you're at.
I won't do that. Yeah.
Yeah, you're skinny.
Well that makes,
if it makes you feel a little bit better, a little bit more confident about um not overeating. I
do pulled pork. That's probably like the second thing I do that like, like after spare ribs, pulled pork is probably the next thing that I do.
and I generally buy either one or like a double pack of giant pork shoulders and they take long time. So, so you know, you may make one, you're gonna have food while, I don't know if you're eating eight sandwiches, it might only last year day, but that's those things weigh like £10 but it's
no, you
if you make your own ribs, you won't have to get to fold. What I do is I buy a full rack disparage they do. Also, generally they'll have like a full rack and then what they call the ST louis cut, which has a rib tips cut off of it. I always buy the full rack because it's usually a little bit cheaper per pound. Um And I just cut the rib tips off and cook those separately. If you look it up online, if you if you don't know how to do that, if you look it up online, go on Youtube or something and you can watch a video on how to do it. It's actually super easy. And it's definitely worth uh a little bit of savings you get proposed. Shut up. It's definitely worth a little bit of savings you get per pound. Um Uh huh. I'm ribs. I actually, I kind of cheat I smoke them in the grill for about an hour and a half two hours, because after that after they get to a certain temperature, they don't absorb the smoke anymore, so after that you just get like settling on them and they end up getting bitter. Uh What I always do is I cook them on the grill for an hour and a half two hours, and then I put them in a an aluminum like baking pan, put aluminum fall over it, do them in the oven or the final four or so hours. Um And that's it's so much easier because I cook them out of Weber. It doesn't really have temperature control. Um It doesn't have like an automatic temperature control. You have to adjust the the vents and stuff. So what I
do
I try to cook them around 25 for an hour and a half, two hours charcoal ends up wearing uneven, it always goes a little bit above or a little bit below that. But as long as they get that smoke for an hour and a half, two hours, good to go after that. I throw them in the oven 2 25 for another four hours. And it's at that point it's just don't forget you can just leave them in there. You don't have to monitor it. Your oven's gonna stay at 2 25. So look.
And you know I can pretty much make anything. I can pretty much make anyone
the wall. Yeah I'm here. Can you hear me? You can hear me. Can you see me?
I'm
still
here.
All right. Can you hear me better now? Okay. Yeah, it got a little child. I don't always trust myself on the first the first attempt. I usually still do pretty good on the first attempt, but trial and
error kind of thing, you know?
Yeah, give me just a second. I'll be right back. Yeah. Okay. Step. I think I probably already have pretty good lighting. I have a window in front of me and it's it's funny that interview that I did earlier, like any time you do these kinds of things, they always tell you, you know, uh don't have a window behind you. The lady that was doing the interview, She was absolutely adorable too, by the way. But uh she was doing the interview. She
had a window right behind. I wanted to say something,
but I I didn't but I can I can still see her pretty pretty clearly so she must have some good front lighting too.
I'm
with you,
I'm gonna be right back one more time. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. You seem like reporting knowledgeable when it comes to attack
when it comes to like tax stuff. You seem like you're pretty knowledgeable.
Do you recognize this
or this?
This is a four
terabyte external hard drive.
This this is a two terabyte external hard drive and they are both almost completely full of movies. Um
And I assure you that I did not illegally download them because that would be illegal. Yeah.
Yeah. Um But yeah I've got movies on there that I'll never watch, I've got movies on there that I'll watch time and time again. Um What's your favorite like genre I guess? Of movies? Mhm.
Do you have a pen and a piece of paper handy by chance? Well you got your computer in front of, you can make notes on that. Right
okay. There was and I I generally don't like um like N. C. I. S. And stuff like that. It's just it's not my thing for the most part most of the time I believe it was. No it was actually law and order s view and the episode was called Send in the clowns. It has the craziest twist I think I've ever seen. I don't know
the season or um the episode but if you just look up law and order suv you send in the clowns it's worth a watch, I want to tell you it's pretty dark personally. One of my favorite genres is like dark comedy. Um
Have you ever seen Super with Rain Wilson Dwight from The Office?
Watch it.
Uh Did you ever watch The Office at all?
Well you
know who Dwight
is
then?
Well yeah. Yeah. Uh The Office is another one that's that's something that I could binge watch. I'm not too into sitcoms, I absolutely love The Office. Um But Dwight schrute plays kind of a specific character in that uh T. V. Show and in some of his other roles he kind of plays the same character and super. It's a different record but it's kind of the same personality, dark comedy. Um Some I don't know if I'd call with but comedy it's really good. Another one that I would recommend as far as comedy goes it's called I believe it's World's Greatest dad or World's Best Dad and it stars Robin Williams. It's also pretty dark. Yeah.
World's Greatest or World's best if you're looking it up.
I would highly recommend that. That definitely does have some huge twists in it. And I'm with you on that. I
love something that will surprise you, you know, as far as and I don't understand this as far as the movie. Uh, like the sixth sense, I'm sure you've seen that. Everybody always, everybody always says, oh, I didn't see that coming. I knew I knew that Bruce Willis was
dead from the beginning of that movie. Like, it
it was not it was because somebody was holding a gun on me, that he's talking to a kid. The whole movie that sees dead people at the beginning of the movie,
there, at the beginning of the movie, there's a guy holding a gun on him and then, you know, the movie is kind of dark itself and you can kind of just I just know it, you know, you know, at least as far as I go, I knew from the get go that he was he was dead. Um Still a good
movie,
Yeah, top top 30. Um
And I still, I mean, don't get me wrong, I I wasn't completely sure that he was dead throughout the movie, but I was pretty sure that he was dead throughout the movie. Still a good movie. Um But
I I just I don't I guess I don't understand like how people didn't kind of see that coming. Like they found it to be shocking. Um
You're in a romcom and this one doesn't exactly fit And I have a 99% of them do fit the exact description that you just gave. You know, they meet up, something happens, they fight, then they get back
together and happily ever after. Um And you've probably actually seen this also I'm trying to think of the name of it right now about
time
if you haven't seen that it's it's super good. Also yeah yeah
it's it's a completely different kind of time travel though like,
And I'm I'm pretty much the same way. Another thing that I will do quite often it's all going to I. M. D. B. And look up what the rating is and kind of go off that if it's If it's above a. seven it's probably pretty good. That being said I've seen movies that were rated lower than that that I thought were absolutely amazing. Um I've seen movies
rated higher than that that I thought they just didn't interest me. But generally that gives you a pretty good idea I guess. Um But yeah about time. That's, it's definitely when you have to watch it does have it has some really happy points. It has some really sad points in the movie, but and another thing, another thing about movies with me, um you know, there's movies that I'll watch once, they're so bad that you kind of have to watch them and it's worth it just because they are that bad. There's movies that you'll watch today and then, you know, maybe eight months down the road, you're okay to watch it again and then there's movies that
are so
good.
You'll watch it today, You have no problem watching it again tomorrow. About Time. Yeah, I don't know if I'd watch it two times in a row now because I've seen it quite a few times, but like upon originally watching it, I would have no problem watching it again the next day. Um And the same goes for Super and World's Greatest Dad. Um One of the newer movies that I absolutely loved was Yesterday. Have you seen that?
You're a Beatles fan.
Well the guy from that movie could be,
I'm
still here, but you're you're
you're froze up
Alright. I see you moving around a little bit
now.
I can yeah, I can hear you. Um
I said you could have probably helped that guy remember the lyrics when he was trying to remember uh like the lyrics to Eleanor Rigby.
Like the Beatles. I'm not as big a fan as you, but I I definitely do love them. I think their music is amazing. I am not religious, but I kind of maybe have a feeling that there is a God and the Beatles sold their souls to the devil to make the music that they make, because it is absolutely amazing. That's that's
all just
kind of
don't
take
that
seriously, I don't think I don't take it seriously either, but their music, it's absolutely amazing. I mean, they came up with stuff that was so new,
so integrated, so innovative and like I said, I'm not a huge fan of Yes,
Maybe 70% of their music, but the 30% of their music that I like, I absolutely love. Mhm. And yeah, that movie, that movie was absolutely
yeah and that movie, uh
I'm here, you can hear me, can you see me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me? Yeah.
Yeah, okay. Um we'll probably end it pretty quick. Uh Say a couple more things to let you say a couple more things we've been here for 28 minutes. Uh Yeah, that movie when they went and met john Lennon, it gave me absolute like, feels like when I hear that song that you absolutely loving it, you know, you get goose bumps. Just that scene in that movie gave me chills. It was awesome. And that that whole movie was really good And I like the fantasy part two. It also, you know, I'm not a huge fan of like biographies and stuff like that.
Like bohemian Rhapsody. It wasn't a bad movie, but
just that type of movie. I don't know, I I guess I'm more into fantasy. Um
But I absolutely loved Yesterday and I I've actually had that thought, you know before too, you know, just kind of abstract thinking like, you know, if you could go back in time and still steal people's music, would you? Yeah. Mhm. But
yeah, it did it
did
definitely turn into around calm. Um But, you know the movie is the whole movie all together and it was just and it was it was freaking hilarious to you know like he gets hit by a bus when all the lights go out. Beatles never existed. And then just random things that never existed. Coca cola
never exist.
cigarettes, cigarettes,
coca, cola, harry potter. Just these random things that never existed. I thought that was whole area. But what was your name again?
Louis? That's right.
Yeah. It sounds like a plan. It was good talking to you. I'm glad you showed up. Glad I could be here for you.
All