Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Stupid. Yeah.
But
I'm good. How are you
making of a little one back there? My final how many kids is that your child?
Oh how old is he?
I have a childhood. We'll do you next month after. Yeah. Let's go. What's your name? Okay with me. I'm best.
Hey thank you. Where do you live
already? Where are you located?
Georgia.
Cold. No, it was
like really hot here today.
They're not really hot but like high sixties, low seventies. So yeah. Didn't need a jacket or anything.
Your son. Your only tell you just have one town.
That's okay. I totally understand. My name is standing there.
I said mine aren't asleep yet either so I totally understand.
Okay. How long have you been in a home?
But
that's a very different two very different holes. But
the Philippines,
yeah. How did you end up in the United States?
I said how did you end up in the United States? Like why did you come here?
it's me from the Philippines or is he from here?
That's cool. All right.
So what do you do
you stay home?
And you said he's your first child? Your only child. Okay.
Okay. How is um how is being a mother?
Yeah I have three Children. Yeah.
All girl. Three Global.
Um there are seven and 5 and one. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah it's a lot because I also work so that makes it a lot to keep up with.
Yes I work um right now I'm working from home because of the pandemic. But um yeah
I
work
full time.
Mhm. So what do you like to do?
Okay. Do you read or
watch
tv or?
Yeah. What do you like to watch on Tv?
Yeah
it's
What did you say you're watching?
I'm great. I haven't I haven't seen that.
Oh killer clown. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha.
Um
How long have you been using prolific
in mind?
Okay. Okay. Is this your first time doing one of these chats?
How many
have
you done before? I said how many have you done before?
All
right. Yeah. I think this is my yeah, is that right? Yeah, this is # five for me. Mhm.
Yeah I did um to back in october and
then
um I just started in september so not very long.
Yeah this is the second time I've seen it come up for like
another kind of like round. Mhm.
I did too the first time and then this is the 3rd 1. Um But I've done um I had one um yesterday with a guy in Ohio actually uh remember uh the day before I was a young woman in Mississippi. Yeah.
And
then the the first time I talked to people in uh I think Virginia or Kentucky, Kentucky and new york. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah my husband does prolific also and he has
gotten uh chats like this two times
and both times the person didn't show up,
I've actually done one yet another person shows up every time.
Pretty good
morning.
Yeah, maybe they just forget, I don't know. Yeah, I mean it's uh it pays really well especially compared to to most of the studies, so I'll do it as many times as they want me to write. Mhm.
Uh huh I'll check it you know throughout the day and if I have them I do them. Um like I said I also work, so sometimes I'm you know I have something going on and I can't get on there.
Let me see.
Hey what's playing? In december?
Okay my my baby is December 20 and
on Christmas uh what is the child's birthday is December 27. So we have two Birthdays and Christmas. All right
there together. Yes,
there's a lot,
yeah it's a lot to keep
up with her. They're all at the same time.
What other way is he? A
mama's boy and daddy's boy?
man,
hang
name, what's his name? What's his name?
Hey jaden.
Hello?
What what kind of work does your husband do? Uh
rob. Okay. What same do you have any pets?
We have two dogs. 2 cats.
18
guy. Yeah.
Um Let's see where we'll have you traveled to in the United States? Have you traveled around in the United States?
Toledo. Okay.
Mhm. It's been a weird year. So is your family also
in Ohio already? So have a lot of family in the Philippines.
all
mm. Do you get into like video chat or? Yeah.
I bet that's hard. I'm really close with my life with my mom and my
sister.
Yeah.
Yeah I mean life takes us all places so yeah we'll have to make our own decisions for ourselves so
well.
True
it's okay.
Does he sleep good to see a good sleeper? Does your baby sleep good? Is this poor boy
celebrated?
What kind of things does j didn't like to do?
What movies does he like?
Carrie this George yeah in the morning yellow hat.
My little girl just recently got really into mickey mouse shoot with the Mouse clubhouse and the hot dog dance on there. She's really into making else and her sisters trying to watch something else and then she just comes in so I want to mickey mouse, I want to make more.
I'm sorry
Yeah I speak truly well then.
Yeah, I think it's probably a lot because she has the two older sisters so you know
words,
a lot of things
that
have to kind of keep up. Mhm.
And then
Okay, well that'll be really good though if he's
grows up learning two languages. Yeah.
How many languages do you speak? Okay.
Oh including English, it's five. Okay let's go. What languages do you speak?
that's
Yeah. Did you did you speak any english before you moved here? Okay. Yeah, english is a really hard language. It doesn't make a lot of sense.
the rules are kind of all
over the place and there's so many things that don't follow the rules that it makes it really hard to, I'm sure it really hard to learn, it's the only language, but I know that.
Okay, that's cool. How did you meet your husband?
Wow, that's
a lot of people meet like that.
Okay. Do you want to be those shows that are like that they're kind of like your situation,
like
there's a bunch of shows where people meet online and it kind of talk shows kind of how they navigate the visa process um
kind of
not even for one thing, 90 Day Fiance,
what?
Oh, on TLC Yeah, I think we're talking the same thing, Yeah, TLC is the name of the channel. I think the show is 90 day fiance, kind of like your story like people who met online and move across the world to be together.
I think it's on um I don't know if it's on netflix or
you know what? I'm gonna look it up on my phone but you can watch it online.
around alright. A
day. I think it's on hulu. If you'll have hulu.
Yeah, it's on hulu which is like netflix. It's a different.
man,
The community. Oh my goodness
This would like a bottle or is he not on bottle anymore?
My baby.
It's too
baby like more gets sick.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh my breast that all of my girls but my
first few I wasn't able to breastfeed for as long, they only rested for about six months. But my my child that's his age is still breastfeeding. So
when am I going to stop? I don't know. Uh Right now I just feel like it's too hard because I don't even know how to win her. Uh if you like really like he's all about breastfeeding 2000 me move time. So she'll say me movie, movie. Um I think if I go back to working in the office and not from home and she goes back goes back to daycare, it will be a lot easier to wayne. Uh Because right now just with me all day and it's hard to hard to keep problems,
it's just easier to keep doing it.
Mhm. So yeah I understand. I get it. It's definitely easier to just keep doing it and try to start thank money here. Yeah. Do you play one more Children?
I just what?
Um I might have another one. I'd still like to have a boy because I just have girl
and I love balls.
Like
I love my girls. But you know I'd still like to have a boy just because I haven't experienced that being a boy mom.
Uh
I had a C. Section with my first one. Um I heard of my others. I had um like Nashville the no epidural. Yes the real deal. Yeah. And I have big babies too. Um Two of my babies were like nine, almost £9.5. There's a big baby. Yeah. It's definitely hard.
Yeah.
Well I think it's very fun.
Well it was good meeting you and chat with you all right. Um Well have a good night and no welcome to America and I hope it treats you well.
Thank you.
Yeah. You too. Bye.