Sorry, I'm a little late like uh I was in there texting on the phone, I've just been waiting, like I wasn't even didn't even have the tv on and they're just sitting there and uh knock on the door, roommate told me, you know, it's past six, right, like, you know? Uh
pretty good. How are you?
Yeah, Yeah, games. Most it's books, but
but like all those are games.
I'm Kenny, nice
to meet you harmon.
Mhm. I'm in Dallas, I've lived here eight years or so, I'm from Tulsa. Mhm.
Yeah.
Are you an honest
weather, but I hate the weather a little bit. Uh not so much in the winter, the winters are pretty great, but the summers and even like late spring and early fall are just like way
too hot, but Tulsa is just as hot
as texas. So I've lived during my whole life, but I went to Ohio a couple of times and Illinois a couple of times in the summer. Great and Albuquerque. Even in the summer, yeah, it's hot. But like, most people don't even have air conditioning in Albuquerque because it might
be a hunter. But it feels like it feels like 80 in texas
with just 30% humidity.
The only bad thing is it makes like your lips to dry out like in the middle part, like all the way around.
It's
my favorite city I've ever been to. Really. Uh Cincinnati left a big impression on me. Uh I only went there once and I didn't really get to do anything but when you go in from like you're in Kentucky and all of a sudden you're in Ohio and there's just like long metal bridge, it's kind of like crappy looking. But uh as you're coming across the bridge you just see this little claim skyline and there's this lone mountain behind it, it's kind of blue and it's it's, I liked it, but Albuquerque is still better, like
quite a bit.
Not too bad, went to the doctor, No. Uh I got a whole series in my esophagus and gas driving bad and he thinks I might have arthritis in my hands because they are a little swollen, but it could be gout too. So he checked for both and I find out in two weeks, but I'm also waiting on the results from like 20 different biopsies. So
you get a lot of like weird little health problems and like is it an autoimmune disorder? Is it a cancer? And I'm like, we'll figure it out, you can treat it
uh So prolific I've been doing since the beginning or either the very end of april or the very beginning
of May. I've made Since then. Probably for 5500, somewhere like that.
Well I got lucky and I got in the first batch of these and did my four and then I got in the next batch like because it started like right after I finished my last one. So uh so I'm doing these have been real handy because that's a 15 times four plus the dollar 62 bonus just for showing up. Even if they don't show up and get an extra dollar 62 plus you get that 14 american on there. And uh so it ends up being like 17 bucks just for for doing this. And even if it's a no show because I had like four no shows the first time and I've already to this round, this is my second one and I've had as many no shows that I've had shows I'm
glad you waited. I usually wait the whole time just in case like maybe they'll go ahead and paint me, but they just give you that dollar 62.
shit. What's that called?
I should write it down and setting a typing it out.
I'm just a messenger to myself.
Okay. Just failed the normal way user in turn use doing. Mm hmm. Get back. Mhm.
Okay.
What
was the second respondent dot org
Mhm.
I mind zone, do you like have a referral number or something for those?
I do something kind of similar down here in Dallas and new york has a location you might have heard of it. If not look it up, it's called A P. And K. Research. Uh
The actual site you go to I believe. I can tell you. Uh I think P and K. Testing if you just google P and K. Though. I know there's one
in Dallas and one in Chicago, but I'm pretty sure the other ones in new york, not L. A. Uh
they're all the same thing like. Uh But
they uh it's the same thing but you like go there if you qualify they'll tell you to come and then you taste test and I've got to try things like honey, like a honey whiskey before it came out like something different. And it's not always just like prepackaged. Sometimes it's like from a restaurant and I have somebody's vegetarian burger there. I don't know who or what but it was better than most real burgers I've ever had. And I read it in like all the way down the board like I was like that's good. It's even juicy. If you looked at it it looks like me. But they're like it's 100% vegan. I'm like, be not even vegetarian like, because like, I've heard a lot of those are actually gross and people just eat them for the moral high ground. But this was like most beef burgers I had
and it coming like. Yeah, but they had it with gave me the option, you put cheese on it, you put your tomato and lettuce, and then like a little bitty sliver of red onions. So I went ahead and threw it on there even though I don't like onions on my meat just
cooked with it. But
is
both.
Um sometimes I use it for stuff like laundry,
whatever, you know? Uh
Sometimes were vaping supplies, which I like tape
on the table in there because I like ran in here and I was like, at 605
This is it. Yeah.
I did have some CBD but I used it all up. But Oxman the CBD kind of make you feel like sick like, like I don't know what the deal is with that. They say you should use the sticks. Yeah.
Uh
like nobody around here really sells the cartridge burners, but there's people that sell the cartridges everywhere. Not at stores, but
it's
like I went as the cartridge burner and let a little more at peace. It's like, but I like these uh I like nick salt too. But like
I've even got given mix all
the few times and I'll just like cut the juice with like this much in the top of the tank,
kind of create a couple of times. It jacks the nicotine way up without interfering with the flavor,
you
know?
Outside of Austin texas is still one of the strictest states punishing it. It's
like a woman now. Yeah,
he's looking at life. They ended up they still gave him like 12 fucking years for getting edibles. There was another dude that was facing life who had, I believe it was three g of death because it's a manufactured substance and it's over a gram. You can get in prison for that and he ended up getting 15 instead of life.
Imagine getting 15
for
you call, if you shove it down your goat okay
with
the whole car, you swallow those.
I've
pretty much got away from most of the other jungle over the past few years is like the whole scenes kinda is mixed. Uh And plus their music hasn't been like good. I mean it was ironically good, but like some of its decent. But lately, like each album, like you could listen to my Milenko or a little box or General Brothers and you listen to the whole thing. It's all right. Even up to like race, you can listen to most of it without skipping it. But the new ship will have like 12 maybe
three songs per album. It's worth listening nationalist. Like this is terrible. Like not even ironically good just like but a few of the songs stuff but I'm more into like twisted too. But I've been to three gathering of the juggalos and that's actually how I got with my baby mama that I moved to texas where
huh.
Yeah. There's a lot of like one way I described a gathering to somebody is it's actually though like to clash two ideologies coming together because there's a strong like, oh if you have money, it's paradise to gathering. Anything. Any kind of anything you can imagine even good food, good and there's all these little secret things you could find. But uh it's two worlds and that if you're broke, half of them will just be like and what's crazy? This is what's crazy. Once you run out of money, it's hard to get food. Sometimes. It's even hard to smoke sometimes. Not often, but people will just give you beers as he walked by like just hand them out and if you buy them up there, they're like $56 a beard. But they'll just give them to you free because
people
are allowed to bring their own no cases for. So they just hand out beers. So I went to one by myself and like several days after the first day I just had a couple beers for breakfast and that's what I had a
feeling enough, you gotta get a little buzz going, that's what he's like a
and like the character of it and there are people who will feed you would just give you food because there is a lot of family love. But some people are there
and they make it no, no you family so I'll give you a discount but you still gotta pay. But uh the character of it changed to in in Illinois. It was different cause I went there twice and if you show up early for the pre party and everything and it's like it's like eight days instead of just the three or four,
I was actually there nine I believe you show up early in a okay so in Illinois that was different. And they had to stand the cold the the drug bridge. And it was crazy because no cameras were allowed if they caught you with the camera, even your phones out. Somebody would take it and smash it and they make you leave the bridge. But the bridge was just what it sounds like. It was like the silk road and you walk down and everything's there except for meth because there was like this negative stereotypes, the juggalos speakers, so
they didn't allow a meth on the drug bridge, but anything else even like rare or sees and there was
standing up there wearing kind of like a pimp outfit and he kept saying, I got cocaine and cocaine accessories come on down.
It's
fun
in Ohio, it's probably gonna be some more different in 2021 Ohio was different. See the
it was the
first
year it was in Ohio. And hey, the Ohio has a state law that any festival has to have police presence on ground sufficient for any emergency. So you're talking like 100 cops going around in this field. Uh, It's a big event though. It's like carnival rides, four or five stages, several tents and then areas for camping. We're up to 20,000, 30,000 people. Though the last one I went to was only like nine. The biggest one I went to in Illinois was like almost, I think
it was 16,000. It might have been 14,000. But then the last one was only like eight or nine, but there were like 100 cops. Well, they only arrested two people that year. Well, the next year I warned it because nobody did not want they arrested those two people the next year popped like 40 but then they moved into Oklahoma and the cops were even dicker
with
people arriving and leaving in Oklahoma. So they moved it. I believe they're going to try to do it somewhere in Illinois or maybe even kelly next year. But they had to cancel this year. Is the Covid, definitely
2020 20 has been pretty crazy
and might be like, like I don't see much big improvement. Although, uh, for the first time Dallas had a non triple digit number for new daily cases. Yesterday, it was only 92 new for that day. Although the actual number was 200. The rest from the backlog. Yeah.
It's not very good. And then they're saying this new thing is like a miracle cure is insinuating that. But then they have, the doctor is being interviewed and said we've been using it since the beginning. It helps some, but it's not a cure.
All
right. So, a lot of people don't notice. You might be aware already. So tell me if
you are
okay, the spanish flu epidemic, there was masking enclosures but the spanish flu never went away. It's still around. You know what it is? Right? H one N one. All right. And then you've heard about the pandemic of 68 to 70 right? Yeah. Uh like 12 states actually had closures and a few actually required masks, but most didn't, but it was pretty widespread and killed like 34 times. Like what flu season usually kills now. It's numbers were like that's already but like it was like Covid in May. So uh you know, that never left either. Its influence the way the one we have to get a flu shot for every year and they're still not even a real shot for H one N. One that people get commonly
but
had it so many times around. If you get it, you might die, especially if you're really old and really young or even if you have health problems, but generally it's gonna make you sick. What's particularly bad about Covid is from what they've seen, You can beat it with no symptoms and be just fine when you're not actually just fine, you have heart disease now or damaged kidneys or you're going to keep getting plots until
one either but your long harder brain. And so the odds of dying once you have it are somewhere between three and 6% with the numbers we have right now, but it's your 10 times more likely to end up with permanent heart or lung damage than you already die from it, whether
you have symptoms or not.
One
thing, okay, this don't affect me in a huge, huge way, but there was legislation in the House and Senate to ban mask use
in public period because of different
protesting shit. Well, since became that shit got thrown out. So
wear
a mask in public, be it the Halloween mask or face mask? What have you? Because they're trying to ban face covering so they could boost up their facial recognition software. But
but now they're like, yeah, mask and some people are like, it's conspiracy to get our faces. No, it isolates your face. The only thing they can recognize your eyes. And if they don't have a great angle on them, they can't use that. They need your whole face because it gets the points with the little dots. And so if they can't and even like clown makeup can throw off them dots, especially juggling.
Yeah, so them dogs come off, it will show a completely different face and they're enduring. They thank you, They won't know who you
are.
I
don't want to wear that. They were trying to ban them from any public use
at the highest
level.
Get an excuse to stay at home or people don't be like
just sitting around the house, ain't you? All right
way.
Um
It's we PS three PS two, xbox O. G. E. And PS four. Uh
I
think
Xboxes broken, we're looking for another day and couldn't even find it. So
at the beginning definitely Mario, I learned how to beat Mario the super Mario brothers in 30 minutes when I was six
or so. And then Pokemon was a big definer and expanding and Zelda as well.
My first one technically pikachu because
I actually
I
put money on a little bit but I borrowed somebody's yellow and pissed them off because I deleted the say file and repeat. Uh But uh so technically but but red was always more of my favorite game because yellow like a unique challenge take on red. So red charm and it was my first starter,
squirrel.
it makes it easy for brock, but then it's hard for misty and a surge.
Uh,
yeah. Uh, be safer to take it easy.
You