SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mm Yeah. Mhm and mhm Sure. Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Really? Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Start. Okay. Oh Oh yeah. What? All right. Yeah. Oh mm. Uh huh. Right. I mean change how yeah, you can do that cry in Chicago action. You need her in a yeah. Yeah. What have you, how much money? How can you get? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, his name comments from the Okra. Yeah. Yeah. What? Whatever it means you have to like shit a lot of people actually a one and a right. What I am. I am, I already know. Yeah. The larger your hands temperature before there's a study that the chances in terms of five company researcher stuff, larger signatures and personal secrets into our system dominated outside much hours researchers, 1000 volunteers shower 30 60 90 seconds to finish their showers. Have people what I can find on average people in the house of self water or absent from work for days to get twitter brain. You wouldn't be probably the most great thing ever happened. Yeah. Yeah. Diet and it's one that hell yeah. Coming for donald trump and 1.45 number 43 year 41. Yes. I mean 30. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, no, no. Yeah. Oh you want and like, oh mm you know, challenge the question. Oh more. That's right. Oh yeah. Yeah. We don't hope time Using this axle and this is all the ideas for me when I was 12 years old, you know? Yeah. I mean I'm not answers document. It's like a, it's like the I want about a revolution. Yeah. About a bunch of kids who were in the 40s and it's time for a check out, exposed to welcome to remember anything which is three months to set up product which also number of years ago today. That's all I have found through nine years ago. Released businesses essentially set up. I love to get, let's get, I'm actually, you get no money. It's called an unsolicited idea and oh, we can use, yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Mm What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Through hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Word. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What, what? Yeah, Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. No. Hello? Mm. Can you be okay? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: mm. How
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you? Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: sorry about that.
SPEAKER_L: No, you're good. I was just gonna say you're sure it's just allergies. It sounds a little bit like uh
SPEAKER_R: I open the windows. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I normally don't like spring, but you know, you kind of need some fresh air.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, I get that. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually from new york.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm from michigan. So you've been, what is it not quarantine, but social distancing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's uh effectively were mostly locked out. I mean you can still go out but not much is open uh around the subways actually kind of reduced service right now. So how much to do even if you did go out?
SPEAKER_L: kind of thing for us here in michigan I think the only things open are the lakes and um the golf courses for some reason. I don't know why those got promoted to essential status but. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: people come and go, I guess they're far away from the child.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's the only thing I can think of. They're doing like one person per golf cart and then I know like if you're on a boat yeah, this is Nina. So good people
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: something to do.
SPEAKER_R: That's true. I mean I've got to figure out something I really watched everything I want to do NflX, I'm just like I got books lying around. Let me go read
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: this. Okay. I don't even remember half of what I got, half of this stuff, but wow!
SPEAKER_L: It's basically all I've been doing. My friends kind of got me hooked on anime because their logic is um anime has like 100 plus episodes. You know you can be set on that and just be hooked on all of that for the next couple of months and you'll be good. Some kind of an alternating between that and just reading. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because like you I really like the five but you've got to have some something I guess because the palette or whatever. Yeah, what they wanted.
SPEAKER_L: I've been watching
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: right now. I'm watching Hunter Hunter. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah Hunter. Excellent.
SPEAKER_L: because I heard that. Well it is good, but
SPEAKER_R: You can't,
SPEAKER_L: my friend is having sex with that so they really just want to talk about it with me. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And then next I'm going to watch Sailor Moon. But I think there's two like versions of it, like the old version, better version. So I'm going to do that and I'll probably alternate like watching a season of that with bleach because I heard we just super duper long.
SPEAKER_R: even like a real long filler art, you should probably skip that. It's terrible. Yeah, I'm trying to remember, I think it was like the about dark or something. If you just skip that it'll be like way better every most of the long anime, you can just look just like google it. You see like what are the filler arcs? You can skip them. It won't change anything but you'll thank yourself later because the filler arcs and every major anime are terrible. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: So then
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: question is, so right now 100 hunter I'm watching because you've seen it. Right? So I'm watching the ark where they're on Green Island.
SPEAKER_R: Ah Yeah. Yeah. Good. Eleanor.
SPEAKER_L: Is that a good one? Because I'm not excited to watch that at all.
SPEAKER_R: it gets kind of drawn out because like it's all like gamified and stuff but like I would say that it definitely has like some walls it picks up towards the end of, oh, it sets up what happens next, the next. It's gonna be really good. But I could, I could see people like not like Ingrid Ellen arc.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I would have been more into it if there was actually a clue to him finding his father, but often refer you to be like, there's no clue. And I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: then why am I watching it?
SPEAKER_R: hold out, you'll get it, get it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll trust you. My friends also refused to tell me anything about it. So my head, I'm like, it has to be important.
SPEAKER_R: It's too easy to spoil that art, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. I'll like it through it. They just met whiskey binky, whatever her name is. That girl, seven year old woman who looks like she's three. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you don't know then. Okay. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. So, um, that's literally all I'm at. Is there like training with her? That's because I was like,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: part up there. There's kind of bar and I'll admit, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's good to know. So what are some other good animals that I should watch?
SPEAKER_R: Um I guess it depends like um you want like older stuff, newer stuff. Do you want more like, do you have any idea you taste?
SPEAKER_L: No, I don't. I just started the only thing I've watched, I watched Attack on Titan 100 and um, I watched made Salama because I was like that short and I can get through that. Um, or a host club. Yeah, What else should I watch? Oh, I watch seven deadly sins. That one was funny. That one was weird though. It was cute. Um but I'm really open to anything because I'm like Hunter Hunter, I just found out is kind of old. We tried to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: The guy who wrote that, he got like really ill and it just like stopped for a while. So I think he's better now, but I don't know if he's going to finish it well.
SPEAKER_L: well friends, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm, yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: I really
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: like or just all kind of the same thing.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I really like attack on titan, but there were a lot of points in that where it dragged on and I'm like, okay, this could have been this five episode. Little thing could have been done in like 2.5 episodes. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that kind of happens. Uh But I mean, anything which goes on like multiple seasons, you're going to have anything which goes on long enough you get filled or stuff. Uh Let me say you like that. Huh? Well, okay. I mean, and if you really need a way to kill time, I mean, you can always start one piece. One piece is actually really good, but it's like insanely long. No, I'm saying it's the longest running thing you can find.
SPEAKER_L: than Naruto? Mm
SPEAKER_R: if you run out of things, just start one piece, it's actually worth it, but it is insanely law. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I've heard so much about it, but I haven't looked into it, wow. Because in my head I was like, I never, I don't plan on watching Naruto, I can bosie anything Pokemon because the fan base is too hard core for all of those and there's too much, but if one piece is good and I look into it, I'm like okay, this actually looks interesting, I might start it because at the end of the day I have nothing better to do, it's
SPEAKER_R: But if you want stuff that's like shorter um let me think uh let's see what's good. That's good. I think this is uh Uh huh. Did
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you like or in hard cover now?
SPEAKER_L: I thought it was really cute Super Bowl that there was only one season, but it was really adorable.
SPEAKER_R: No if you want something like that you could try like uh I was that's here like boarding school Juliet or something. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: something like that. Well then you understand what else? Oh this season there's like kind of a beauty one. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Parents
SPEAKER_R: I think it's like the one trees were born as a villainous. You just search for like villainous, you'll find it.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's like really weird. I feel like I'm on two different ends of like the scale because I'm like oh they're really cutting ones are really funny and nice. But I also like the ones with like super crazy villains every off the
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: wall.
SPEAKER_R: That's a good thing. Um Super. I mean okay. Have you seen definitely? Oh yeah, in that case yeah. Check that out. He
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: wants to villa in Seattle.
SPEAKER_L: Is that the one where they try to do like a live action one on that?
SPEAKER_R: but we don't watch a lot of action just done live actions are really hit or miss
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I watched the live action Attack on titan with my friends, probably the funniest movie I've ever seen because it made no sense but it was hilarious
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean if you watch it ironically kind of like you know mr science theater esque sort of thing and yeah it can be all right but if that was the first thing you watched the series you should
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: never start the live action.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, no, no, that was like way after I found it by accident and I was like oh I have to see this because if it's going to be in the enemy it's going to be even worse than live action and then it was just so bad, it was so bad, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But it was really funny and we got drunk and it was great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's too you can make anything better for drinking here. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah there there's if you go animated like infinite things to watch because like even some of the older stuff is still pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: mm I don't think I've been watching a lot of like Top do you know the Youtube channel? Like watch mojo?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: heard anyone
SPEAKER_L: they do like a whole bunch of top 10 videos and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: as of like lately either I just really noticing it or they just started like doing a whole bunch of them, but they do a whole bunch of like top 10 animated ones. So it'll be like top 10 um villains in anime series, top 10 animate deaths, top 10 anime
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: battle.
SPEAKER_R: than
SPEAKER_L: And then I kind of just watch those and I'm like, all right, this looks pretty cool, this looks good enough and I'll add it to my list, But it's weird, like that's how I guess that's how my taste is not like off the wall because I watch like top 10 um enemy deaths And it's always like super-like actually, and then the next video watch will be like top 10 like long awaited romances and animals and then we'll give me like super duper. I'm like okay, so both of these are great. I don't know what's in the middle, I'm afraid to see what's in the middle. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: One thing to know is that the way the industry has kind of gone like 20 years ago, Middle Road Enemy kind of really sucked but they've incrementally made it better. So even like a Middle Road Enemy is like a decent watch if you're bored or what will happen is any given season there'll be like a few different plot ideas and then they'll make like a few different anime which are just iterations on the same idea, right? Like half of those, those would be your middle of the road adam A uh huh Basically anything that gets like one or 2 seasons is like generally Middle Road. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's good to know because I was like this, I feel like it would have been boring because I am I going to go from watching you blow somebody up so watching you like court this girl and acting all shy or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: maybe it is like slice of life or niche. So if you ever seen like obscure sports stuff or obscure culture stuff or like looked all the cooking shows. Well okay. Maybe not all of them, but like uh, but yeah, all the stuff that deals with everyday subjects that tends to be where most of your middle of the road stuff is.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So like that volleyball one that everyone talks about.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Good to know. Good to know. I was gonna watch that when I was bored.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, accused. Okay. I mean it kind of stretches, but if you're looking for something like no real, like highs or lows, that high cube uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Sportscenter may vote generally is either like it drags on for a while or it's like really hype and then like guys quick.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, we'll see if I ever get into that. I doubt it. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and family in this. You know, sometimes you want, you go anyway. Like I never know anything about this sport and suddenly they make it all seem interesting and shit. But it depends like if you want a really weird sports one, uh,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: there was one I watched Prince of dried.
SPEAKER_L: Prince
SPEAKER_R: I would thank
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: what was it again?
SPEAKER_R: stride. It's like, it's some sort of fictional game. It's basically like some sort of what if you turn park or into a race. It was actually pretty decent to watch for like I would never do this shit because
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I die. You know, sometimes it was like that, you know, vicariously experience something that supports animated. Like they take it to an extreme like, yeah. What is that?
SPEAKER_L: Good to know. Good to know. I should ask my friends if they watch any sports enemy, I really don't think they do. Yeah, but I can't remember.
SPEAKER_R: A lot of people
SPEAKER_L: And 100
SPEAKER_R: like they don't, they don't, there's like, there's always like one or two sports anime, they're like really good for some people and then the rest are just, there's just so many bad ones that even if you liked, you know what to do, you wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: really say or a watcher of them. Like for example, there's been tons of basketball anime. Yeah. Slam Dunk was like the oldest one
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I believe, but like the more recent one that I really liked was like Corona basket. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but it's like totally off the wall and crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Is basketball big in Japan?
SPEAKER_R: Um, okay, so the funny thing is that basketball is actually really big in Asia. They're obsessed with it. Like, especially china, oddly enough. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Or?
SPEAKER_R: they, they don't really produce it, but you know, it's sort of like aspirational I guess. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's kind of
SPEAKER_R: that's really big in Japan is baseball, Baseball's like their religion.
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Your 100. Baseball enemy.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm wow that I did not X back part but that could just be my bias because I'm not into baseball or basketball. So and I have both of those are super boring because I played softball for like seven years and I hated it and I was like baseball is basically the same thing just with a smaller ball. It it's so boring to me and basketball, I've always hated basketball because I'm like when I watch the players it looks like I could do that stuff. I know that I can't, but you make it look like it's super easy. Yeah, wow, that's crazy because I would have liked volleyball. I'm like volleyball is kind of interesting because it's like strategy and tortoises. Um wow. Basketball and baseball cute. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but yeah, if you inconceivable port, there's probably been an enemy of it. Like sports enemy is its own like rabbit hole, like tons of it.
SPEAKER_L: Is Taiwan a rugby? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: actually I do like a really good one on rugby. Um let me see if I remember the name of it. Uh oh, I said it all out.
SPEAKER_L: All out because I actually seems like it would be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: wanted
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: that one of his office.
SPEAKER_L: crazy. Okay maybe
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'll watch that one, maybe I'll start off with that one
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: and my way over to the more basic sports.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but again, you know, it was also really good that was pretty recent. There was like one on sumo uh Tamanoshima. It was the weirdest thing I got, I don't normally watch sumo, but you know, it made it seem like really cool. Yeah, but you know that's the beauty of it, right? I mean like animal, it can be like a way to like see a sort of like a theatrical or ideal or high version of something, which is normally kind of moral. Again, you don't have to like the sport to enjoy watching it and they
SPEAKER_L: That's true. And then even if you don't like the sport it will always be more dramatic than the actual sport so it will be so much more, the stakes would be so much higher even though it's completely unnecessary mm All right. Maybe I'll get rid of try. But those are cool like the rugby one that was kind of interesting. The ones were like I don't know enough about the sport to enjoy the sport that and then they would appeal to me like I know other rules to basketball. I know other rules to baseball that is not, I know it's not as dramatic as they make it out. So why would I, it doesn't make any sense to me, but I could get behind the volleyball one. I get behind rugby. I get behind sumo.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I hope that helps you find some leads, but there's been a, there's been a rise in like more obscure sportscenter me. So I mean I feel because like for in the olden days it was basically baseball, basketball or bust. So, but it's been pretty good for sports animate lately. I mean it wouldn't surprise me, a lot of people just rode off the whole segment and just never checked back. But you know, lately lately
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's cool. I also wonder because in my head I'm like, it seems like they like all the enemy that Washington is pretty similar, wow.
SPEAKER_R: can happen because like people like one thing and they only watch and everything and then you only
SPEAKER_L: What we'll
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: recommendations or someone who like sort of one sort of thing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been trying to look for other ones, but the ones that I want you right now, like we're going to take up so much of my time that I'm like, I forget which ones that I said I was going to check out
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think there's stuff like places where you can make like watch lists, like the most popular place where things like my anime list or something, you can
SPEAKER_L: early.
SPEAKER_R: find anything there people make all sorts of services to like, okay, I should get around watching this or then you'll find it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I just got to get into it because I'm very new. I only just started watching it like four months ago.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: a good thing because like
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: group.
SPEAKER_R: you can find a lot of stuff on streaming or it's just easy to find like back in the old days, you'd be like, yeah, I got into stuff when I was a kid and like I wouldn't go to like chinatown, get like, like VHS K
SPEAKER_L: Look at
SPEAKER_R: we wouldn't even know half the time what you're getting.
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: watching random stuff.
SPEAKER_R: nowadays it's like, you know, it's bad in these like shit online or subscribe to like one of those like extremely services or something. I actually find out what the series is before you watch it.
SPEAKER_L: That's nice. I usually watch mine on its either either netflix or hulu and then I found this website uh what is it? I think it's like four anime dot to or something. That one's good.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Because like there's been a huge warren like obtaining the licenses for streaming, a lot of enemy. So a lot of stuff getting carved up like netflix, get stuff really good stuff. Uh formation is still around hell, even business around our country, roll fights for
SPEAKER_L: In the Room.
SPEAKER_R: have to
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: smaller services, like high dive. Um But yeah right now, I mean there's like sites
SPEAKER_L: One time.
SPEAKER_R: that will tell you what stuff about what service uh one of those other sites like
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: life.
SPEAKER_R: know for like when I checked to see okay what's on, what's on netflix, Canada screaming or something, there's equivalent services for animals. So you can see which had, you know, one of annoying things like netflix employee to make it kind of hard to look through. Not really after that we've expanded the categories, but it's our destruction.
SPEAKER_L: it also doesn't help that, like if you I know a Hunter Hunter because that's on netflix, only the first four seasons on netflix and there's more than four seasons. So
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: the last.
SPEAKER_R: 40 something episodes and then it passed because the guy got sick so you're a great island so you're almost at the point where yeah, it's closed.
SPEAKER_L: Ah I feel like I think I'm like almost I'm either halfway through them, like almost halfway through.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're like past the halfway point for sure, but it ramps up a lot after being ill.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's good. That's good. Because I'm like a lot of stuff was interesting, but also for at least 100 hunter. I don't care about him finding his dad at all. Not at all.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I give.
SPEAKER_R: a joke like finally does this kind of anticlimactic? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's also because I'm like, I know this is gonna be like nothing. I know it's gonna allow to nothing because it's obviously like, I'm just ashamed that I left you follow my own personal dreams. I'm like, that means you didn't have a good reason. You just and you just laugh.
SPEAKER_R: that's exactly what you're thinking. I mean I don't really call it a spoiler because like everything points to that and it totally is
SPEAKER_L: And the fact that he doesn't even realize that I'm like, your father was a piece of crap. He just loved because he didn't raise two. That's and that's
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: reason.
SPEAKER_L: I am salty because I did ask my friends. I do know that we know nothing. We learn nothing about his mother, which that to me is a real disappointment. We know nothing about. We can't even do we even get her name.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: That is disrespectful.
SPEAKER_R: do you didn't finish the series? That's the worst part. Even if you wanted to read the manga, you can't get banding so uh
SPEAKER_L: That is
SPEAKER_R: it's still good to watch. You should watch it to the end, but
SPEAKER_L: I want nothing. We're gonna watch it if I'm gonna watch it for anything. I'm watching it for Kahlua and soccer, whatever his name is. That crazy dude. I'm also hoping that we get to see marquis louis family
SPEAKER_R: yes you will. You
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: will be a
SPEAKER_L: because I'm like they're dealt
SPEAKER_R: lot more confident,
SPEAKER_L: that is the story should have been about and the whole family, your father thing. That should be a side plot.
SPEAKER_R: there's a lot of material coming up, we've just killed us.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, good. Because you're my favorite character, He's the best one. He's like two years old. Not really. He's like 12. Are you so much more powerful than half of these adults drop you guys go to, he became way too powerful way too fast. So I hope we go back to him because I'm like that was that was intense, it was dope.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, yeah, But you know if you like that one actually trying to remember that that same writer did work on something else and he's trying to remember what it was for the life and I couldn't remember. Yeah. Oh yeah, I remember
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's really funny to me. Like everyone knows all this other information like about what's going on behind the scenes and because I'm just starting out and like I just know that I just know the episodes, I just know the plot
SPEAKER_R: objects
SPEAKER_L: that I've watched. I have
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: nothing else.
SPEAKER_R: these days, even with that little bit of data like you'll find people online like oh I know exactly where I was from, I'm not that hard core but like I have a pretty good memory so I can kind of remember most of it, that's been like years since I watched him too expensive, but it was really good, so I remember it. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I was pretty dub I'm trying to thank because there's like a couple of series, but I was thinking about watching by now. I remember what they call.
SPEAKER_R: thank you sir.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Okay, right, that was good. Those informative. I learned a lot about enemy. Oh
SPEAKER_R: okay, you know we've got many months or God forbid years but months ahead of us.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm To catch up or at least to be in the running. So that's good and it there is just a whole bunch of stuff out there and I'm like, I know because I remember when I was a kid like going to watch Pokemon and I'm pretty sure because I wasn't allowed to watch it because my parents were like, it's too violent. I know. Had I been able to watch you Eo Pokemon Dragon ball Z. I would have mm
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: immediate
SPEAKER_L: higher
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: life.
SPEAKER_R: when Pokemon originally aired and you act like that stuff was like on early morning, like I would cut class. Like I had a morning class, I would cut to watch that. And then like after that I think was like jerry springer is like the weirdest time flood, I swear to God. So
SPEAKER_L: would watch it. It will come on for me like right after school it
SPEAKER_R: you get,
SPEAKER_L: would just be like the lineup. It was like Ugo, Okemah, Dragonball Z. And then um teen titans and it would be like all of them in a block and I couldn't and my my dad was like you cannot watch any you like it would come on Cartoon Network.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: He's like you can't watch Cartoon network period because I don't trust it because right after that courage, the cowardly dog would come on and they would give my sister nightmares and so we were just not allowed to watch any of it. That's true crime. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, depending, you know what time we got into it, Like cartoon Network was a big thing because I got a lot of exposure for people tend, I mean, or just improve people's perception of animation in general. Like, yeah, the olden days, animation via joan itunes, period. Uh, now like I learned that as a definitely dog to a man who knew too stuff. I mean, if anything that's better, better to get interested into it when people are actually excited about it. Well, again,
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Good to know. Well, I don't know if you have anything to do today, but I was like, I don't want to like hold you up.
SPEAKER_R: That was good. I was going to do laundry then we'll go watch them crab.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: probably gonna go eat some lunch and then I have to go clean my house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm saying, Yeah, it's all good.
SPEAKER_L: All right. But it was great chatting with you
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Thank you. Alison.
SPEAKER_L: informative. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: And thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. You have a good day,
SPEAKER_R: You do, man.
SPEAKER_L: enjoy your laundry. Mhm.