Yeah. Yeah. Mm Yeah. Mhm and mhm Sure. Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Really? Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Start. Okay. Oh Oh yeah. What? All right. Yeah. Oh mm. Uh huh. Right. I mean change how yeah, you can do that cry in Chicago action. You need her in a yeah. Yeah. What have you, how much money? How can you get? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, his name comments from the Okra. Yeah. Yeah. What? Whatever it means you have to like shit a lot of people actually a one and a right. What I am. I am, I already know. Yeah. The larger your hands temperature before there's a study that the chances in terms of five company researcher stuff, larger signatures and personal secrets into our system dominated outside much hours researchers, 1000 volunteers shower 30 60 90 seconds to finish their showers. Have people what I can find on average people in the house of self water or absent from work for days to get twitter brain. You wouldn't be probably the most great thing ever happened. Yeah. Yeah. Diet and it's one that hell yeah. Coming for donald trump and 1.45 number 43 year 41. Yes. I mean 30. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, no, no. Yeah. Oh you want and like, oh mm you know, challenge the question. Oh more. That's right. Oh yeah. Yeah. We don't hope time Using this axle and this is all the ideas for me when I was 12 years old, you know? Yeah. I mean I'm not answers document. It's like a, it's like the I want about a revolution. Yeah. About a bunch of kids who were in the 40s and it's time for a check out, exposed to welcome to remember anything which is three months to set up product which also number of years ago today. That's all I have found through nine years ago. Released businesses essentially set up. I love to get, let's get, I'm actually, you get no money. It's called an unsolicited idea and oh, we can use, yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Mm What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Through hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Word. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What, what? Yeah, Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. No. Hello? Mm. Can you be okay? Okay.
Yeah,
I'm good. How are you? Really?
Mm hmm.
No, you're good. I was just gonna say you're sure it's just allergies. It sounds a little bit like uh
Right.
Hey,
Yeah, yeah, I get that. Where are you from?
Okay. I'm from michigan. So you've been, what is it not quarantine, but social distancing.
kind of thing for us here in michigan I think the only things open are the lakes and um the golf courses for some reason. I don't know why those got promoted to essential status but. Okay.
Yeah. That's the only thing I can think of. They're doing like one person per golf cart and then I know like if you're on a boat yeah, this is Nina. So good people
something to do.
What?
It's basically all I've been doing. My friends kind of got me hooked on anime because their logic is um anime has like 100 plus episodes. You know you can be set on that and just be hooked on all of that for the next couple of months and you'll be good. Some kind of an alternating between that and just reading. Yeah.
I've been watching
right now. I'm watching Hunter Hunter. Yeah,
because I heard that. Well it is good, but
my friend is having sex with that so they really just want to talk about it with me. Um
And then next I'm going to watch Sailor Moon. But I think there's two like versions of it, like the old version, better version. So I'm going to do that and I'll probably alternate like watching a season of that with bleach because I heard we just super duper long.
So then
my
question is, so right now 100 hunter I'm watching because you've seen it. Right? So I'm watching the ark where they're on Green Island.
Is that a good one? Because I'm not excited to watch that at all.
I mean, I would have been more into it if there was actually a clue to him finding his father, but often refer you to be like, there's no clue. And I'm like,
then why am I watching it?
I'll trust you. My friends also refused to tell me anything about it. So my head, I'm like, it has to be important.
Okay. Okay. I'll like it through it. They just met whiskey binky, whatever her name is. That girl, seven year old woman who looks like she's three. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. So, um, that's literally all I'm at. Is there like training with her? That's because I was like,
I don't know.
that's good to know. So what are some other good animals that I should watch?
No, I don't. I just started the only thing I've watched, I watched Attack on Titan 100 and um, I watched made Salama because I was like that short and I can get through that. Um, or a host club. Yeah, What else should I watch? Oh, I watch seven deadly sins. That one was funny. That one was weird though. It was cute. Um but I'm really open to anything because I'm like Hunter Hunter, I just found out is kind of old. We tried to, you know,
well friends, but
I'm, yeah, I
think
just,
I mean I really like attack on titan, but there were a lot of points in that where it dragged on and I'm like, okay, this could have been this five episode. Little thing could have been done in like 2.5 episodes. Uh huh.
than Naruto? Mm
I've heard so much about it, but I haven't looked into it, wow. Because in my head I was like, I never, I don't plan on watching Naruto, I can bosie anything Pokemon because the fan base is too hard core for all of those and there's too much, but if one piece is good and I look into it, I'm like okay, this actually looks interesting, I might start it because at the end of the day I have nothing better to do, it's
Yeah.
I thought it was really cute Super Bowl that there was only one season, but it was really adorable.
huh.
Parents
Okay. It's like really weird. I feel like I'm on two different ends of like the scale because I'm like oh they're really cutting ones are really funny and nice. But I also like the ones with like super crazy villains every off the
wall.
definitely.
Is that the one where they try to do like a live action one on that?
Yeah, I watched the live action Attack on titan with my friends, probably the funniest movie I've ever seen because it made no sense but it was hilarious
but
yeah, no, no, no, that was like way after I found it by accident and I was like oh I have to see this because if it's going to be in the enemy it's going to be even worse than live action and then it was just so bad, it was so bad, right?
But it was really funny and we got drunk and it was great.
mm I don't think I've been watching a lot of like Top do you know the Youtube channel? Like watch mojo?
So
they do like a whole bunch of top 10 videos and
as of like lately either I just really noticing it or they just started like doing a whole bunch of them, but they do a whole bunch of like top 10 animated ones. So it'll be like top 10 um villains in anime series, top 10 animate deaths, top 10 anime
battle.
And then I kind of just watch those and I'm like, all right, this looks pretty cool, this looks good enough and I'll add it to my list, But it's weird, like that's how I guess that's how my taste is not like off the wall because I watch like top 10 um enemy deaths And it's always like super-like actually, and then the next video watch will be like top 10 like long awaited romances and animals and then we'll give me like super duper. I'm like okay, so both of these are great. I don't know what's in the middle, I'm afraid to see what's in the middle. Uh huh.
Okay. That's good to know because I was like this, I feel like it would have been boring because I am I going to go from watching you blow somebody up so watching you like court this girl and acting all shy or something. Yeah.
Okay. So like that volleyball one that everyone talks about.
Yes. Good to know. Good to know. I was gonna watch that when I was bored.
Okay.
Mhm Yeah, we'll see if I ever get into that. I doubt it. But yeah.
No.
Prince
with
what was it again?
All
Good to know. Good to know. I should ask my friends if they watch any sports enemy, I really don't think they do. Yeah, but I can't remember.
And 100
and
And
Yeah.
Is basketball big in Japan?
Or?
Yeah, that's kind of
what?
Mhm wow that I did not X back part but that could just be my bias because I'm not into baseball or basketball. So and I have both of those are super boring because I played softball for like seven years and I hated it and I was like baseball is basically the same thing just with a smaller ball. It it's so boring to me and basketball, I've always hated basketball because I'm like when I watch the players it looks like I could do that stuff. I know that I can't, but you make it look like it's super easy. Yeah, wow, that's crazy because I would have liked volleyball. I'm like volleyball is kind of interesting because it's like strategy and tortoises. Um wow. Basketball and baseball cute. Okay.
Is Taiwan a rugby? Mhm.
All out because I actually seems like it would be interesting.
I
wanted
to
get
crazy. Okay maybe
I'll watch that one, maybe I'll start off with that one
and my way over to the more basic sports.
That's true. And then even if you don't like the sport it will always be more dramatic than the actual sport so it will be so much more, the stakes would be so much higher even though it's completely unnecessary mm All right. Maybe I'll get rid of try. But those are cool like the rugby one that was kind of interesting. The ones were like I don't know enough about the sport to enjoy the sport that and then they would appeal to me like I know other rules to basketball. I know other rules to baseball that is not, I know it's not as dramatic as they make it out. So why would I, it doesn't make any sense to me, but I could get behind the volleyball one. I get behind rugby. I get behind sumo.
Okay. That's cool. I also wonder because in my head I'm like, it seems like they like all the enemy that Washington is pretty similar, wow.
What we'll
do?
Yeah, I've been trying to look for other ones, but the ones that I want you right now, like we're going to take up so much of my time that I'm like, I forget which ones that I said I was going to check out
early.
All right. I just got to get into it because I'm very new. I only just started watching it like four months ago.
So
your
group.
Look at
Just
watching random stuff.
That's nice. I usually watch mine on its either either netflix or hulu and then I found this website uh what is it? I think it's like four anime dot to or something. That one's good.
In the Room.
No.
One time.
My
life.
it also doesn't help that, like if you I know a Hunter Hunter because that's on netflix, only the first four seasons on netflix and there's more than four seasons. So
that was
the last.
Ah I feel like I think I'm like almost I'm either halfway through them, like almost halfway through.
Okay, that's good. That's good. Because I'm like a lot of stuff was interesting, but also for at least 100 hunter. I don't care about him finding his dad at all. Not at all.
I give.
I mean that's also because I'm like, I know this is gonna be like nothing. I know it's gonna allow to nothing because it's obviously like, I'm just ashamed that I left you follow my own personal dreams. I'm like, that means you didn't have a good reason. You just and you just laugh.
And the fact that he doesn't even realize that I'm like, your father was a piece of crap. He just loved because he didn't raise two. That's and that's
it.
I am salty because I did ask my friends. I do know that we know nothing. We learn nothing about his mother, which that to me is a real disappointment. We know nothing about. We can't even do we even get her name.
That is disrespectful.
That is
I want nothing. We're gonna watch it if I'm gonna watch it for anything. I'm watching it for Kahlua and soccer, whatever his name is. That crazy dude. I'm also hoping that we get to see marquis louis family
good
because I'm like they're dealt
that is the story should have been about and the whole family, your father thing. That should be a side plot.
Okay, good. Because you're my favorite character, He's the best one. He's like two years old. Not really. He's like 12. Are you so much more powerful than half of these adults drop you guys go to, he became way too powerful way too fast. So I hope we go back to him because I'm like that was that was intense, it was dope.
Yeah. It's really funny to me. Like everyone knows all this other information like about what's going on behind the scenes and because I'm just starting out and like I just know that I just know the episodes, I just know the plot
that I've watched. I have
nothing else.
Yeah.
Mhm. I was pretty dub I'm trying to thank because there's like a couple of series, but I was thinking about watching by now. I remember what they call.
Mhm Okay, right, that was good. Those informative. I learned a lot about enemy. Oh
Mhm To catch up or at least to be in the running. So that's good and it there is just a whole bunch of stuff out there and I'm like, I know because I remember when I was a kid like going to watch Pokemon and I'm pretty sure because I wasn't allowed to watch it because my parents were like, it's too violent. I know. Had I been able to watch you Eo Pokemon Dragon ball Z. I would have mm
It
were
higher
life.
would watch it. It will come on for me like right after school it
would just be like the lineup. It was like Ugo, Okemah, Dragonball Z. And then um teen titans and it would be like all of them in a block and I couldn't and my my dad was like you cannot watch any you like it would come on Cartoon Network.
He's like you can't watch Cartoon network period because I don't trust it because right after that courage, the cowardly dog would come on and they would give my sister nightmares and so we were just not allowed to watch any of it. That's true crime. Uh huh.
Hi. Good to know. Well, I don't know if you have anything to do today, but I was like, I don't want to like hold you up.
I'm
probably gonna go eat some lunch and then I have to go clean my house.
All right. But it was great chatting with you
informative. Thank you.
All right. You have a good day,
enjoy your laundry. Mhm.