mm. How
you doing?
Yeah,
sorry about that.
I open the windows. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm
Uh huh.
Yeah, I normally don't like spring, but you know, you kind of need some fresh air.
I'm actually from new york.
Yeah, I mean it's uh effectively were mostly locked out. I mean you can still go out but not much is open uh around the subways actually kind of reduced service right now. So how much to do even if you did go out?
people come and go, I guess they're far away from the child.
thanks.
That's true. I mean I've got to figure out something I really watched everything I want to do NflX, I'm just like I got books lying around. Let me go read
this. Okay. I don't even remember half of what I got, half of this stuff, but wow!
because like you I really like the five but you've got to have some something I guess because the palette or whatever. Yeah, what they wanted.
Well.
yeah Hunter. Excellent.
You can't,
Mhm.
even like a real long filler art, you should probably skip that. It's terrible. Yeah, I'm trying to remember, I think it was like the about dark or something. If you just skip that it'll be like way better every most of the long anime, you can just look just like google it. You see like what are the filler arcs? You can skip them. It won't change anything but you'll thank yourself later because the filler arcs and every major anime are terrible. Yeah
you
have.
Ah Yeah. Yeah. Good. Eleanor.
it gets kind of drawn out because like it's all like gamified and stuff but like I would say that it definitely has like some walls it picks up towards the end of, oh, it sets up what happens next, the next. It's gonna be really good. But I could, I could see people like not like Ingrid Ellen arc.
You
hold out, you'll get it, get it. Yeah.
It's too easy to spoil that art, so yeah.
Okay. So you don't know then. Okay. So
it's
part up there. There's kind of bar and I'll admit, yeah.
Um I guess it depends like um you want like older stuff, newer stuff. Do you want more like, do you have any idea you taste?
The guy who wrote that, he got like really ill and it just like stopped for a while. So I think he's better now, but I don't know if he's going to finish it well.
Yeah, I'm
and
I really
like or just all kind of the same thing.
that kind of happens. Uh But I mean, anything which goes on like multiple seasons, you're going to have anything which goes on long enough you get filled or stuff. Uh Let me say you like that. Huh? Well, okay. I mean, and if you really need a way to kill time, I mean, you can always start one piece. One piece is actually really good, but it's like insanely long. No, I'm saying it's the longest running thing you can find.
if you run out of things, just start one piece, it's actually worth it, but it is insanely law. Mhm
But if you want stuff that's like shorter um let me think uh let's see what's good. That's good. I think this is uh Uh huh. Did
you like or in hard cover now?
No if you want something like that you could try like uh I was that's here like boarding school Juliet or something. Yeah
something like that. Well then you understand what else? Oh this season there's like kind of a beauty one. Uh
I think it's like the one trees were born as a villainous. You just search for like villainous, you'll find it.
Good.
That's a good thing. Um Super. I mean okay. Have you seen definitely? Oh yeah, in that case yeah. Check that out. He
wants to villa in Seattle.
but we don't watch a lot of action just done live actions are really hit or miss
Yeah, I mean if you watch it ironically kind of like you know mr science theater esque sort of thing and yeah it can be all right but if that was the first thing you watched the series you should
never start the live action.
Yeah.
Yeah it's too you can make anything better for drinking here. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah there there's if you go animated like infinite things to watch because like even some of the older stuff is still pretty good.
I haven't
heard anyone
and
more
than
One thing to know is that the way the industry has kind of gone like 20 years ago, Middle Road Enemy kind of really sucked but they've incrementally made it better. So even like a Middle Road Enemy is like a decent watch if you're bored or what will happen is any given season there'll be like a few different plot ideas and then they'll make like a few different anime which are just iterations on the same idea, right? Like half of those, those would be your middle of the road adam A uh huh Basically anything that gets like one or 2 seasons is like generally Middle Road. Yeah.
maybe it is like slice of life or niche. So if you ever seen like obscure sports stuff or obscure culture stuff or like looked all the cooking shows. Well okay. Maybe not all of them, but like uh, but yeah, all the stuff that deals with everyday subjects that tends to be where most of your middle of the road stuff is.
Thank you. Yeah.
Yeah, accused. Okay. I mean it kind of stretches, but if you're looking for something like no real, like highs or lows, that high cube uh
Sportscenter may vote generally is either like it drags on for a while or it's like really hype and then like guys quick.
and family in this. You know, sometimes you want, you go anyway. Like I never know anything about this sport and suddenly they make it all seem interesting and shit. But it depends like if you want a really weird sports one, uh,
there was one I watched Prince of dried.
I would thank
you
stride. It's like, it's some sort of fictional game. It's basically like some sort of what if you turn park or into a race. It was actually pretty decent to watch for like I would never do this shit because
I die. You know, sometimes it was like that, you know, vicariously experience something that supports animated. Like they take it to an extreme like, yeah. What is that?
A lot of people
like they don't, they don't, there's like, there's always like one or two sports anime, they're like really good for some people and then the rest are just, there's just so many bad ones that even if you liked, you know what to do, you wouldn't
really say or a watcher of them. Like for example, there's been tons of basketball anime. Yeah. Slam Dunk was like the oldest one
I believe, but like the more recent one that I really liked was like Corona basket. Uh,
but it's like totally off the wall and crazy.
Um, okay, so the funny thing is that basketball is actually really big in Asia. They're obsessed with it. Like, especially china, oddly enough. But yeah,
they, they don't really produce it, but you know, it's sort of like aspirational I guess. Uh,
that's really big in Japan is baseball, Baseball's like their religion.
Yeah. Your 100. Baseball enemy.
yeah, but yeah, if you inconceivable port, there's probably been an enemy of it. Like sports enemy is its own like rabbit hole, like tons of it.
actually I do like a really good one on rugby. Um let me see if I remember the name of it. Uh oh, I said it all out.
now
you
just
like
that one of his office.
yeah,
then
yeah, but again, you know, it was also really good that was pretty recent. There was like one on sumo uh Tamanoshima. It was the weirdest thing I got, I don't normally watch sumo, but you know, it made it seem like really cool. Yeah, but you know that's the beauty of it, right? I mean like animal, it can be like a way to like see a sort of like a theatrical or ideal or high version of something, which is normally kind of moral. Again, you don't have to like the sport to enjoy watching it and they
Yeah, I hope that helps you find some leads, but there's been a, there's been a rise in like more obscure sportscenter me. So I mean I feel because like for in the olden days it was basically baseball, basketball or bust. So, but it's been pretty good for sports animate lately. I mean it wouldn't surprise me, a lot of people just rode off the whole segment and just never checked back. But you know, lately lately
can happen because like people like one thing and they only watch and everything and then you only
the
recommendations or someone who like sort of one sort of thing. Yeah,
Yeah, I think there's stuff like places where you can make like watch lists, like the most popular place where things like my anime list or something, you can
find anything there people make all sorts of services to like, okay, I should get around watching this or then you'll find it. Yeah.
it's
a good thing because like
now
you can find a lot of stuff on streaming or it's just easy to find like back in the old days, you'd be like, yeah, I got into stuff when I was a kid and like I wouldn't go to like chinatown, get like, like VHS K
we wouldn't even know half the time what you're getting.
So
nowadays it's like, you know, it's bad in these like shit online or subscribe to like one of those like extremely services or something. I actually find out what the series is before you watch it.
yep. Because like there's been a huge warren like obtaining the licenses for streaming, a lot of enemy. So a lot of stuff getting carved up like netflix, get stuff really good stuff. Uh formation is still around hell, even business around our country, roll fights for
have to
smaller services, like high dive. Um But yeah right now, I mean there's like sites
that will tell you what stuff about what service uh one of those other sites like
I
know for like when I checked to see okay what's on, what's on netflix, Canada screaming or something, there's equivalent services for animals. So you can see which had, you know, one of annoying things like netflix employee to make it kind of hard to look through. Not really after that we've expanded the categories, but it's our destruction.
Like
I think
40 something episodes and then it passed because the guy got sick so you're a great island so you're almost at the point where yeah, it's closed.
Yeah, you're like past the halfway point for sure, but it ramps up a lot after being ill.
It's
a joke like finally does this kind of anticlimactic? Yeah.
that's exactly what you're thinking. I mean I don't really call it a spoiler because like everything points to that and it totally is
no
reason.
No,
do you didn't finish the series? That's the worst part. Even if you wanted to read the manga, you can't get banding so uh
it's still good to watch. You should watch it to the end, but
yes you will. You
will be a
lot more confident,
there's a lot of material coming up, we've just killed us.
Mhm. Yeah, yeah, But you know if you like that one actually trying to remember that that same writer did work on something else and he's trying to remember what it was for the life and I couldn't remember. Yeah. Oh yeah, I remember
objects
and
these days, even with that little bit of data like you'll find people online like oh I know exactly where I was from, I'm not that hard core but like I have a pretty good memory so I can kind of remember most of it, that's been like years since I watched him too expensive, but it was really good, so I remember it. Uh
Yeah,
thank you sir.
okay, you know we've got many months or God forbid years but months ahead of us.
It was
the
immediate
thing
when Pokemon originally aired and you act like that stuff was like on early morning, like I would cut class. Like I had a morning class, I would cut to watch that. And then like after that I think was like jerry springer is like the weirdest time flood, I swear to God. So
you get,
But
Yeah, depending, you know what time we got into it, Like cartoon Network was a big thing because I got a lot of exposure for people tend, I mean, or just improve people's perception of animation in general. Like, yeah, the olden days, animation via joan itunes, period. Uh, now like I learned that as a definitely dog to a man who knew too stuff. I mean, if anything that's better, better to get interested into it when people are actually excited about it. Well, again,
That was good. I was going to do laundry then we'll go watch them crab.
What?
Yeah, I'm saying, Yeah, it's all good.
Okay. Thank you. Alison.
And thank you.
You do, man.