can you read?
yeah, I can hear you. Awesome. Hi, I'm steven, what's your name?
Rebecca, nice to meet you.
I live in uh right now. I'm living in san Jose California. Uh
but actually I work up in Seattle and I'm just here.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay, no problem. Hello? Oh, now I can't hear you. Uh huh. Yes, I can hear you can hear me. Okay.
Gotcha, That's cool. Yes. Anyway, where are you from?
nice. What do you do?
what specifically do you study?
Okay, gastro. So is that like,
okay, that's, I think your stomach is gastro. Okay, that's pretty cool. Uh Okay. Is that like a research kind of position or is it like are you guys okay. Okay.
Like.
Okay. And are you guys, is it like uh just for like are you guys studying things for the purpose of like certain product or is it more just like for general knowledge kind of
research?
Okay so did you just graduate from school then? Right.
It's nice that you are able to find a job so quickly especially.
Yeah. But it's like you know it's it's really hard times right now so I think uh anything you can get is pretty good. Yeah. Yeah.
that's perfect. Yeah
I'm
a software engineer. Uh I work at Microsoft.
yeah I work at Microsoft on Windows, it's like the operating system.
Yeah. Uh What about stuff that you do outside of work? Like what kind of hobbies? Yeah.
Yeah I was gonna say animal crossings like are really similar to the other ones. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Good go. Yeah.
I don't play a lot of video games, I really
play video games since I was a kid. Like I had a game cube growing up. So I like Mario Kart. Super smash brothers. Other than that I haven't like I haven't got any like the newer video game consoles right? I don't really do pc gaming but I do a lot of or games uh So that's more my thing. Yeah. Yeah.
No I've never played DND have you.
Okay. Is it just like you didn't like it or didn't really have opportunities to play it more?
Like.
Okay. Well it's more like um is it because like the games like pretty long so you need to like a lot of people to commit to like sitting down for a really long time. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess with if you're playing video games online a lot easier
because there's always someone online, do you usually play with like people, you know? Or is it like random people that you're playing with?
What's your favorite game? Right,
started
to
build?
What kind of game is like a campaign counter? So
Um I used to play
Room Escape.
It's
got similar.
Thanks.
So
and
just
like
this
is
so like, like when you say like different types that are like, like different races, like, like or is there like jedis or like that kind of thing, or it
I
or?
So
Are you are you into like Star Wars in general or is just for the
video game? Uh
But
Right.
Great.
Thank you.
Okay, that's interesting because I feel like most people are like, oh, the old movies and so much better or whatever.
That
great.
Yeah. What about, have you seen the Mandalorian? Okay.
It's pretty
good.
I think there's like, there's like baby Yoda and that's all you really need to know.
Okay, cool. Um What about family? Do you live with family or have you moved on?
Okay. And then did you, so you move to Chicago for work or to be closer to your boyfriend?
school? Okay. Yeah.
yes. All right. And what does he do now? Or is he still in school?
Hey.
Hi.
To be honest, I don't really know what I do either. Yeah.
So,
so I moved out of my apartment in Washington
because the lease ended. So I was I was living with people from school and then I don't want to pay a rent, so because right now we're all working from home because it's like we don't really need the
office to code whatever, so I moved back to California to spend more time with family and I probably probably move back in a couple of months. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yes. Uh
huh.
Yes.
No, I don't have any pets to Yeah.
Hello,
that's real long. How long
how long have you had a cosmo?
It's
Are well behaved. Are there
most
time? Okay. I was gonna be aren't they are they're like bad behavior cats? Like what would a bad cat be doing? Yeah.
So.
no.
It's cool. Is this your first better? You had other pets before?
It's
Oh whoa, shrimp. I've never heard of anyone who had shrimps as a pet.
Oh, what is that?
But
it's like it's like an actual shrimp that was not like just named. Okay, that's cool. So what did you study in school?
Oh no, I've heard so many bad things about that age, like. Oh yeah.
Uh huh.
What made you realize you didn't want to do it?
Or.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I I
regret
my major yeah, I don't like so Yes, but uh it pays the bill sells to. Yeah.
Yeah. That's pretty much my plan right now. I'm just trying to retired as soon as I can probably do something I enjoy better. Uh
I like teaching. Uh I would consider that. Um Also really
like playing poker. So I mean I don't know if I would want to be a professional poker player, I think it will be like pretty hard to get into, but I think I would give it a try just that I really do like playing, so yeah, that's sort of thinking, what about you, do you plan on sticking in uh your courage? But I guess you haven't really started, you can't know,
but do you have like a long term plan for whether you want to stay in that field?
but
okay, is that like, can you work and get your PhD at the same time?
Okay.
What?
Right. Right. The worst part of school, you're like pig and then you have to do work, it's like why? Okay. Uh do you know what you want to do your ph d n,
you just know you want to
get one?
okay. Okay. So I am assuming like if you were to teach with like that would be as a professor or like. Right,
It
just like you can't deal with the kids,
thank you.
my sister got her master's in teaching and she her first job was teaching first grade and she hated it, she quit after a year. So now she
she does she teaches piano like for private students, everything she likes that a lot better. Yes.
What did you teach? It's time. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. And she
yeah. Yeah, I I hadn't heard of teachers who like, you know, teach multiple creates at the same time.
Okay. Do you have any other siblings? Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. So uh what kind of things have you been doing now that we're all like, you know, cooped in during covid and everything you like? Has anything changed like lifestyle wise or?
Mhm. Did anything in particular prompt you to make that switch or something like thinking about for a while? Yeah.
Yeah.
It.
What?
kind
of.
huh. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I feel like making that switch is a lot easier if you like have people who are supporting you in that choice like different.
Yeah or like you don't want to be that person who's like oh can we like not go there because like I don't know if they have like vegetarian, this kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Do you uh you still go out at all or are you pretty much staying at home all day?
Yeah. Better safe than, sorry?
You know.
There.
that's
bad.
So
uh it's been about three years now so yeah you're working for a bit yeah definitely mm I'm not sure if I rather be in school or rather be working like I feel like being in school is a lot more chill. Uh No I guess your
european me major. Uh Yeah I mean being CS major wasn't that bad. Uh Like it's kind of like like if you mess up it's just on you and like it's no big deal but when you're at work and you mess up like you're affecting a lot of people so that sense a lot more stressful. Yeah. Okay
I
All
I.
Was it just harder to get like the like I'm assuming like lectures were all online
and everything
but see
it. All right
Yeah.
So
true.
But
Oh yeah. How is it? Do you know how it's gonna work working remotely for like the company that you're joining? Like how much of that
work can you really do from home?
So.
that's interesting. I don't I don't know like what the what the rules are in your state like our is it just like are
you guys considered essential workers that get to go to work in person? Like what's the deal there?
I have no idea what the rules are here because I just stay home all day. I don't
even
know inspection
anymore.
Yeah. Stop. Do you uh do you at least go out for stuff like groceries or are you getting that delivered?
Yeah. Yeah. I was going out to grocery shop when I was back in Seattle, but since I moved home, my dad has amazon prime and they have like free delivery from whole foods, so I just like, I don't have to go out. Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty nice. Yeah. Yeah.
So what do you think you're most excited to do once? Uh Covid is all resolved and all that?
Yeah.
That that
All right. Do you
feel like you're having withdrawals, like do you miss it or it's just like,
okay, it's like a like a social thing, right? You want to see you guys want a drink with defense? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
For
uh facing friends, Same haven't seen them in a long time. Um Other than that, I mean, I never really left the house that often anyway, other than work, or like grocery shopping or hanging out with friends, it's like I don't really have any reason to leave the house. Yeah I don't think there's anything else I really everything too much. Yeah. Gosh.
Um I'm not following anything regularly right now. Um I finished up the show called The Last Kingdom on netflix, Have you heard of that? Uh
It's kind of like game of Thrones uh Probably with like a little more like action and less politics. I don't know if you've watched came up there and said
uh yeah how about you? Do you watch any tv shows?
But.
yeah.
I
love Survivor. No way.
Which season did you watch? Yeah I don't know.
Do you know who
wants
and
chris Underwood. Okay wow that was your first season. Okay. Okay most uh most uh like diehard survivor fans are like kind of like anti that season either, like, this guy came back in the last episode anymore.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I I think it's like kind of sucks that he like, they like the person who was barely in the game one, but I feel like compared to the other people, like they don't really do much anyway. Yeah.
The run,
he
teacher,
it's kind of snarky, and it's like he had a julie was his friend. Yeah.
Do you plan on watching all the way from the beginning, like season 1?
uh I haven't watched most of the seasons before 10. I've watched most of them after 10. And I would say I like the newer seasons better. Like I feel like a lot of the earlier seasons, it's like more survival based and no one's really like strategizing, there's no advantages and stuff like that. I just think the newer seasons are more exciting for like more similar to big brother, I think. Although I've never I've never actually watched Big Brother, but I want to I'm
gonna I'm gonna start it.
Yeah.
Okay. I've been hearing lots of bad things this
new. Okay.
Not
bad. Yes,
wow. Okay. What season would you suggest I start with if I've never watched it before?
Okay.
Is it
This is like all new people, like there won't be any spoilers for stuff. Okay. Okay. I want I want to watch
a season that's like good because I want to
get my whole family into it because they all watch Survivor with me, but I don't think they'd like the trashy aspects of it, so maybe
I would.
I'll start with tender.
I
it's
Mhm. Uh huh.
And
All right, well, you're talking to you.
All right. Look, II