Yeah. Uh huh. Thanks. Yeah, it's good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. History, sudden rush. Hi.
Yeah, can you hear me?
The record?
Uh So where do you live? Mhm.
Mm
Oh, I just I can't hear you anymore. She? Uh huh
Oh, I think it's me. 1 2nd.
Yeah. My headphones which are in the case connected to my computer first.
I'm in Chicago. Yeah,
I'm a scientist. Um
gastroenterology.
Like intestines.
yeah. Yeah.
In a lab.
Or
no, it's for like a personal research. Um I actually haven't started so I can tell you like super specifically. Um but from what I remember from the interview, something about like disease and intestines and trying to get rid of it, so I was like sure, sounds good.
I graduated in May. Right,
I mean it was like six months did not feel like quickly to me. I mean
and it seems interesting. so
Uh so what do you do
for work?
I really, that was my guests because like san Jose California Yeah.
true. Yeah
um a lot of gaming that's like mostly um um I play right now and playing like Star Wars, the Old Republic. Um I play a little Fortnite even though I'm embarrassed Overwatch, Valerie print, Animal crossing really like a wide variety of things.
2.8 games
I
do you do DND or no?
Yeah um a couple of times, not that much,
just it's hard to like with scheduling and stuff um so it just never really worked out for like a long term thing, but
I like it.
it's hard to get like eight people to find a consistent time and they can all come that
and
Almost always people I know that's why like I wouldn't play like any of the shooter games by myself. Like I mean not really, it's just way more fun to play with friends and stuff
now.
Star
Wars,
The Old Republic, It's a really good game.
Um So it's like an MMorPG, Do you know what that is?
It's
fine.
So
I don't know, excited. I haven't played in a room escape. It's so like the MMO means that like other people are
there, you don't have to do anything with them. But they're there and like RPG like role play game. So there's actually
like story
and
there's
like eight different classes of characters and they each have a different story that you can play through and
the
story is really good and you got to make your own decisions and stuff.
There's four light
side and
for dark side characters. So and then there's like different
sub classes of the earth, right?
Mother
kind of I mean like I'm not
I don't feel like a true star sand because um
I think like the new movies
are great
and the old ones are like
Yeah. No, I'm a poser. It's just like
they're just better. The production quality
is better. Like you can actually understand what's happening in the movie. Like you don't have to have read eight years of star wars coming to understand like what is happening.
No, I actually haven't seen it yet
but
I like vaguely know what is happening in it.
Yeah, I saw like baby Yoda eggs and then people got really mad. Which sort of really done to me. Mhm.
Thank thank God. No, I live with my boyfriend. Huh? Yeah. Most of my family's in florida a little bit in Minnesota where I'm from.
First school yeah.
And then we met at school we were neighbors.
Um He does coding. That's
I can tell you that he does crowed other than that. I don't
really know, it's not front and he does back and I know how to and that is where my CS knowledge ends.
Okay.
So do you live with other people or is it just you
what?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um Do
you have any pets?
Mhm. Yeah. 1 1 2nd. Oh
what? This is cosmopolitan? We call him Cosmo because we're not monsters.
But we wanted like a cocktail thing for Canada. So that would be funny.
Um Not super long. Mhm.
Since the pandemic, like not before. Yeah. He's very very sweet. He's the best cat.
Well most
of them
Well he's knocked over
succulence before. Uh I don't like that. Um And a couple of times he has eaten too fast and thrown up but
not not very often thank you
Um I wasn't really allowed to have real pets as a kid. I had a couple of like fish
and shrimp once.
not like the shrimp you eat like ghost shrimp
so they're like they're small and clear and they keep the tank clean. I like
this.
Uh biomedical engineering.
I don't know a single person who graduated with a B. M. E. Degree and is working in BME. Um which should have been a sign. Um
Yeah it took me a long time to figure out I didn't like engineering. Um
Yeah um Kind of just when I was looking at the jobs and I was like, wow, this sucks, These are so boring. Um Which I should have done
four years ago,
you
know?
You can do it for a while and then quit and do what you really wanted to.
What would you want to do if you don't use? Yes.
Shit.
correct.
I would like to get my PhD and then, I don't know, I would maybe teach,
But research would be like # one.
Not really.
Um But I'll get paid to do my PhD. So it's, I mean I'm not going to get paid
a lot of money, but at least I'm not going to be paying money.
No,
absolutely
not. Yeah. I like one because there's not really like, it's not like a company where I can get like promoted and like I, I reach a point where I really need to get the PhD if I want to like have a lab, the important in the lab.
I don't want kids, so nothing below college
is absolutely not
All right. I just didn't, I didn't get that gene.
It didn't happen. Let's get me. Bye.
Then.
My sister is the teacher and the one that likes kids,
young, uh, she used to teach kindergarten, but now she's at a different school.
I think it's like first to third maybe it's a really small school. So
it's a yeah, it's because it's a Lutheran school. Yeah.
Just born
yeah, I actually drink less, which is strange, but I like, I guess it makes sense. Um yeah, I'm like healthier now. I went like vegetarian when I graduated, I'm just like a lot healthier now. There's a lot of vegetables.
Something I've been thinking about um
just for like environmental reasons um
and my boyfriend is
well vegan kind
of now
but definitely vegetarian um
it's just easier to like Not how to make two meals and stuff.
It's definitely nice not to like have to go out to you with friends and watch them all eat meat, like lamb, who shit?
Seriously? Yeah.
Yeah, we were having like a couple of friends over like very intimately, but
now cover case is really making a lot and the people that we were over like um
their fraternity had a huge break. I think they're up to seven brothers with covid out of like 50
so, so
we're like, okay, you cannot come over anymore. Mhm. No problem.
So when did you graduate?
No.
Yeah, I get that. And
I think having a job is going to be a
lot less stressful. My college drinks. I'm especially glad like
I had to do my last semester like during the pandemic and that was not really glad. I don't have to keep doing that. I just was not great.
what?
You know, everything is online.
Senior design had to be like
make something up, but which which was actually kind of nice because I hated our project. Um
Yeah, but like the professors don't know what they're doing and it was just like there was so much going on, it was hard to like
sit down and
watch my lectures and
stuff and keep myself accountable. So yeah, I'm I'm not very good with all my classes.
20.
0%. Uh Yeah, so I'm going
to be there physically, we're supposed to be six ft apart. I'm not really sure how that's supposed to work when people are showing me how to do things, I don't know. Yeah.
Mr
I guess I'm not really sure, I'm sure the rules are probably pretty similar to California. Okay. Okay.
I'm
like
I don't,
people are like oh we're going into a second lockdown and I was like we left the first one legitimately thought were still in the first one. I my mom is like oh like can you go to restaurants yet? And I'm like technically maybe, but like why were.
Yeah, I got for groceries and stuff, it's cheaper and yeah. Um But that's like pretty much it.
Mhm.
So many things um
see my friends because we used to like spend a lot of time together.
and I want to go to a bar. They're so nice, barely remember what it was. Like.
What?
I miss it like it's not the same getting drunk by yourself at home.
What
about you?
Yeah. And so do you watch any tv shows?
hmm.
Yeah, I've seen some
I'm not watching anything right now,
but I really like Love Island. Um And
Survivor and Big
Brother.
I've only seen, okay, I've only seen like one season, but I'm going to sit down and I'm going to watch all of them. Uh huh.
Couldn't tell you.
Not
the most recent one. A guy Yeah. Who? The guy? Okay. No, no, no, it's um
edge of extinction, that one.
Yeah. I mean that was like it wasn't who I wanted to win, but he still had a good game.
I really wanted the guy, I don't remember his name, but he was like middle age and he was really smart and funny
and he made it look pretty far. I think it
was I think it
was.
I love trump is my favorite. Yeah.
Yeah. Maybe. I don't know like because I know with big brother people are like OK just like Skip one. Like maybe start with you but probably like even a little bit further. So I don't know if like survivors the same way.
it's
it's really good. Um
10 is the best season. Don't watch the season that just happened.
It's
is probably the worst season Big Brother to
ever
And considering the season before that like a racist one that like this is this is how bad it was. It was worse than that season.
I started at nine And I don't I haven't seen anything before nine, nine. So some people really like nine and some people think it's really dumb. It's very like wild and trashy so if you don't think you like that, don't watch it. Um
Yeah, 10 is like the best season ever. Um
I think that would be a good one to start with.
And
thanks.
kind
of a good on that.
Yeah, it's very like strategy heavy there there is drama, but I think it's
like I usually don't like the fights and stuff but I think it's entertaining like in that season they're
more like getting based. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah,
I think that was 25 minutes. Yeah.
Yeah, that's fun immediately.