little Mhm.
Can you hear me? Yeah, my name is Shannon. How are you?
well, Michelle anytime my volume, so I can. You're right, so I live in north Carolina. Where do you live,
Georgia Atlanta, or?
Yeah. Yeah. How are you surviving all this? Uh craziness.
All
right. Uh Yeah, so uh certainly not as big a change as a lot of people, but uh I am a teacher, I teach college students, and so campuses are closed, and so I'm at home in my basement and my uh our son is home from school, so we were getting used to being empty nesters, My wife and I, but now he's back, so that's taking up some space. But I guess it could be a lot worse.
How about your family, loved ones friends? All safe and sound?
That's good. All right,
so,
so no, go ahead.
Yeah. No kidding. It's crazy. I know. Oh my God, if I had 10 or 12 year old kids and I was having to home school then that would be a challenge I think. I don't know. Mhm. Um Okay so you're from Georgia originally?
Where you probably
Nigeria Lagos, sir?
No
Jose
nothing like us. Right. When did you come to the United States?
Excellent.
That
must that must have been a big change. Oh
Uh And did you when you came did you come to Georgia? Did you go someone come somewhere else?
Very nice. So I um I
grew up in
the state of Maine. Um And I think my wife and I we moved to north Carolina Long time ago. 26
years. 27 years ago. So it feels like home now. It's been been here a long time.
Oh yeah I remember as a kid. Yeah. Hi snowbanks. Really crazy. Very very high.
Yeah. It was interesting. Uh We get a little snow here in north Carolina, not much, maybe one storm a year. And sometimes it's bad for Harrison and it's not that bad but it's it's nice.
wow. That's crazy. It's just crazy.
I started early like yours. Uh So far so good. I've got a lot of uh calls, I'll be sitting in front of a computer staring at a monitor for a lot big part of the day. Uh You see what else I may try to get out we can there's still a stay at home order here but we have to do some grocery shopping so I think we'll go ahead and do that. Um How about you? What's your plan for the day?
No.
You
had
Oh wow. Doing work or just just a night owl or?
I'm sorry say again.
You don't sleep at night? I'm sorry. That's uh that's not good. Um
Mhm. So whatever
are you watching
any particular shows right now? Anything
my son loves that Bojack Horseman. That's awesome.
Yeah it is. Uh he got me to watch one season of it. I haven't watched it since but I should probably put it back on my list. What else are you watching?
Um
So there's a show that uh my wife likes that our son turned us on to and it was Grace and Frankie I guess it's on netflix and it's uh it's about it's a jane fonda and lily tomlin and some other actors. It's pretty good. It's a comedy you know Half hour shows about 13 per season. It's pretty good.
They
do.
Yeah that is true. You have a favorite.
Look
And uh yes it wasn't a, it was a netflix, netflix show, but we were watching, it's over now, but game of Thrones, did you ever watch Game of Thrones?
Yeah. Okay, fair enough, fair enough. Well, books, are you reading, What type of books do you like to read?
You
see
animate anime books or?
So are they translate introduced, read japanese and korean?
Okay. Did you live there? How did you, did you study it or?
Oh, nice. Okay. And where are you in school, did you say?
That's cool. Big
school sucks. Or just being
I got
home.
it's crazy. Yeah. So you have to take classes online or how are you doing that?
So, yeah,
we have a
daughter. Sorry, go ahead.
Go
ahead.
Uh, I was just gonna say our daughters uh, in school and she thinks it sucks to she's in her party, she's in her apartment, another pound in uh north Carolina trying to finish up her courses.
Mm. Yeah, I think, I think she's got another semester or two, I think. I'm not sure.
Yeah, in the same way I have all these plans to get work done or do all these things around the house that mhm. I haven't gotten to and motivation is just not there too many distractions.
Two, come
on.
Yeah. Yeah, wow, that's a good question. Uh So I'm a little optimistic. I mean, well, I mean, I mean, I guess I don't think, I think, I think by fall will be back to some going to restaurants and going to school and doing things, but I think they'll be new requirements and new behaviors, you know, a little more less shaking hands, less hugging stuff like that. And hopefully not too many people will get sick between now and I think maybe a year from now there will be a vaccine how available it is. I don't know. So I think two years from now we'll be all right. But I think the next year and a half is going to be different. It won't be it won't be like it is right now, but it will be gradually getting better. But it's gonna be crazy both health wise and economically to I think it's gonna be a real challenge.
I'm
I teach business courses and I teach data analytics and business modeling. I
also I haven't been a teacher all my life. I am spend some time working in an apparel company, clothing company called Haines. You're familiar with Haines. T shirts and socks and um, yeah, yeah. There they're sold most most any mini store you know, Target kmart walmart dollar general. Um Macy's sold a lot of places anyways. Yes. Um a lot of schools try to find projects for students to work with companies to help them get some work skills so when they graduate they will be better suited in the workforce. So all those photos projects, I'm an advisor or mentor for them. So those are things I uh those classes that teach that's the work I do kind of mentoring and advising.
Yeah. What what area are you studying?
No way. Really wow. You
know I
should I should ask you what how long do you think it's going to last?
Yeah I'm taking a break. So microbiology. That's interesting. Do you want to be a researcher or a health care worker or do you know what you want to do?
Okay. Research in Japan. Let's go.
Do
you have
any?
I'm just curious why um by Japan, I mean, excuse me. Uh yeah, why Japan I guess.
Very
interesting.
Okay,
I heard
this. So in the mornings I take the dog for a walk and it was yesterday morning I guess the day before I was listening
to a podcast and there was a piece about mhm I guess in Japan there was a big earthquake and tidal wave a couple years ago and a couple towns got really badly damaged, A lot of people died. And so this uh farmer who lost, I don't know if it was just a wife or someone, but he missed her so badly that he uh he got this old phone booth and put the phone booth in this field. So uh it was his way of going, so it wasn't like going to church or maybe he'd go in and go to the phone booth and he used the phone and he would pretend to talk to his wife to yes, you know keep from being lonely and the word got out because this town, a lot of people have died in the tidal wave and the earthquake all of sudden people started lining up to come and you know use this phone booth and talk to their loved ones. Is this this whole story about people and and a little insight into the japanese culture, it was pretty fascinating, I think
japan
would. That's
definitely.
No way. Really?
I wonder there must be pictures of it on
the
internet, wow, that's crazy, So, and it's in Northern Japan, you said uh have to
look that up,
so
that's
isn't
it?
I'm gonna write that down Snow Festival.
And
I'm sorry, did you say earlier that you had lived in Korea or you just knew about Korea
live there? Wow. Um I was just after you left Nigeria obviously, wow,
how long were you in Korea? A year, wow. Right, okay.
And
this, do you have family in Nigeria still or? Yeah.
Are they okay? Are they safe?
Mhm. Uh
so
totally,
totally agree.
I think
that's, it's insightful of you to think that because it's easy to stay in their own place and not realize there's so many different fascinating things that are out there, good for you.
Great.
Yeah. So in Nigeria, did you, what language did you speak as
a child? English? Okay, so I don't know if you're, so I'm trying to learn spanish and that languages are not my thing, but there's
a, is it as an app called duo lingo
I guess.
Yeah. Are you familiar with it? They're using it for japanese or you just just know
it?
Yeah, I try to do one less than a day. Um and so it's taken me a long time. I think big vocabulary is probably 100 words, but still, you know, it's it's interesting. Um and I'm told, you know, I've this
I think this is your earlier point, I'm starting too late, you know, apparently the time to learn the language is when you're like five or six, you know that's when your, I think your mind is most.
Yes, exactly, exactly. Um
please.
Okay, so like visiting a country or just listening to the news or what is it?
it's a good
idea.
that's a good,
yeah. You may learn something you don't even realize you're learning. That's good advice. Thank you. Do you have any friends that speak japanese that can, you can listen to her?
that's good. Okay. Yeah. So when you're home, are you home alone? Do you have roommates or
your family? Okay. That's good. Are they homebound or they seven to go out to work or
I'm bound.
exactly. My wife leaves our stuff out in the garage for however long it takes to, I guess it's two days or
whatever. So I, until about a week ago, I would think about people that were homebound. You know, I was a little extra concerned for anybody who was home alone because they might, they
might
anybody, anybody who's, uh,
that's the problem. I was just saying, I think about a week ago I was I thought about friends and students and family, I was a little more concerned about people who might be alone, living alone just because they might be lonely. But then about a week ago all the seeds of any seeds of dysfunction and my family blew up and I was arguing with her and she was arguing with him and we were both arguing everybody. So now I I worry about people that are confined to small spaces with friends and loved ones just because it might be uh create great attention.
Me.
Yeah. Exactly. No, no no peace and quiet. I think it's uh Yeah.
Come
huh.
They got some my son go ahead, person was like,
yeah, so will
you take classes this summer, will you work
and what will you do do you know?
excellent
that's
good
it's good to do that every now and then
six classes
wow that's a lot.
Uh huh wow. So are you in your second year, your third year
you are you in?
So my junior? Okay good for you. Microbiology wow that's
not that's not easy talk.
Uh huh. Okay wow. And did you say your brother was older or younger?
Oh yeah. Oh wow. So you have two brothers wow
that could
be a problem. So
there are three of you? Okay that's good. So there are three of you 33 siblings wow you're stuck in the middle. Huh. Uh huh. I had a so I when I grew up I had three three siblings had that. Yeah I was the oldest had a younger brother and a younger sister. Yeah. Yeah
um It was fine you know I think there's there's only so my brother is a year and a half younger than me and my sister is five years younger than me. So we were pretty good perfectly, my brother and I were pretty close growing up and I'm still I'm still pretty close to them which I appreciate. They they don't live in Maine but they still live in New England and so and they constantly we have two kids, they both have two kids so we have a so every well we were in touch before but now in this time of shutdown we every thursday we get on a call like this and just catch up complain about our kids. Uh huh.
Well
he uh I met him he lived he lived he lives now in the town next to the town I grew up in. I only met him at a you know he was at the grocery store once when I was up there visiting and I just said hi. Uh So it's pretty crazy. I mean it's a really a lot of the settings that he uses for his book because where I grew up in Maine, it's very rural, you know a very small town. Uh I I had too many bad memories reading pet cemetery because it was a little too close to home. Uh But you know I like it. I uh actually I think even with the weather I think Maine is that great place and I would move back to Maine quickly but my wife says that me and my second wife are going to move to Maine. So I guess I'm I guess I'm gonna stay here in north Carolina. Um So their winters were cold and um so I grew up on a farm, so we had horses and cows and sheeps and pigs and hard work. Maybe you want to go to college? Okay. Um, but it was good. So what part of Nigeria did you say you were from Delta? Okay.
And is that on the coasters that inland
the coast? All right.
excellent. I'm sorry, I I forgot you just say name was, what was your name? Did you say your name
was? Michelle? Right. Thanks a lot. Right. So I think our obligation was 25 minutes. Is that right?
Do you think we've hit it?
Okay let's
talk about a minute or two 6 45.
that's
no
it's
early. It's early. It's late for you. It's very good. Yeah,
50
25, is 50. Right
So
I
think if we started at 645 at seven o'clock we had been on for 15 minutes and then 15 plus 10 is 25. So I think around 7 10 or 7 15 will be
uh well yeah we'll be at the mark definitely definitely.
Why
what did you expect? We
whoa
What yeah one question before we go. Um The uh have you done a lot of these surveys?
No I also look for those and what what is it what platform you're using? Is it
I like that? Yeah. Okay. Excellent. All right well Michelle it's a pleasure. Good luck
with your degree and uh I guess good night if you're gonna go to sleep down. All
thank you.
Nice to meet you too. Bye.