Oh all right. Uh huh.
Yeah,
Good show. How are you
Georgia?
Here
it didn't really change my activist. I usually just stay home anyway so we'll
have to.
True.
You thankfully.
This
coronavirus, I'm sorry.
This coronavirus was messed up school generally.
No,
I was born in Nigeria.
like no.
And um, I guess
I'm like in Vegas.
When I was in labor little
school, most
important.
Then I've lived in different countries. So was that changed and anything else? Well,
Georgia. Yes,
I
do.
And
does this? No, often like in maine
that'll be fine.
And Georgia we don't know what's going on One day it's snowing the next day, 70°.. Yeah,
wow. So how's your day? What?
Oh, I'm going to go to sleep after this
avatar. Yeah. Not
just
only a toffee. Um
your sleep and my,
I just don't sleep at night.
And you worked and then I'm probably just gonna watch tv read some books please hold.
I went to school
it.
I want to finish project post
it's a very good show.
Mm watch Youtubers and then right now I'm just like resources and shows like South Park, my dad family guy, stuff like that. Yeah.
What are you?
That expects a lot of good shells
and
what at once.
Oh man. That's hard break. Like I need to finish stranger things because like I stopped in the middle of season three. All right. I didn't mean like, okay, I have a short attention span so like it's really, really hard for me to keep up with chills for too long. So that is like a boot. I don't really, I read like 10 different books. That was because if
I have to take that long and those interests.
HBO is so expensive.
Oh just shopping's books. Mostly
korean,
japanese, korean.
Um A mix of boat levels. Lange's all that stuff.
I read a little japanese but I'm still elementary.
Yeah I'm taking I'm taking at school
um I go to school in Georgia era. It
Yeah
this
entire current
are situation just necessary enough.
We have to take classes. Online rates that classic out have been passive. I basically got these of them. Yeah
just
good.
Why don't you go
to work?
It's okay to
good luck.
It's like really hard to concentrate because like at first you're like I'm gonna do this, I'm going to pay attention then before you know it you're falling asleep or your phone's ringing or the background noise distracts you and like what?
True.
So how
long do you think this is gonna last?
That is true. So what
do you teach?
What?
Not bad
microbiology.
It's
helped.
I'm taking a break. Is this what it takes? Taking a break?
I want to go into research about some of the movements to Japan.
Yeah that's why I'm
taking
jump
news because I want to go to your parents basically
already lived in Korea is like I have a feeling of culture for like Japan like ever since I was a kid the culture in Japan and was like grabbed my attention. Yeah and then like I find it more and more fascinating the more I learn about it
and
then just nice because I don't need a car. If I go there I could just grab a train. Yeah
get a pass easy
crew.
The.
I know
where
it's very interesting. I said I know instead of and
then they have so many intensive festivals like they have a festival to honor the death. They have festivals for kids, for Children, there are festivals um for illness festivals for like full sales is like really interesting. Yeah. And then the most interesting one too. It's the snow festival where like students come together in Northern Japan and then they build sculptures as well as the white house just out of snow and ice.
Yeah.
There
me.
support.
It's
absolute
I only absolute february. Like if you go online you can see like the pictures, it's called
the
snow Festival basically
the human story. It's like, oh man, like that's just what I want to see like Yeah,
it
live there.
Mhm.
It
was fun.
Mhm.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.
And but like
I feel like every culture is like unique and different and then like the fucking about traveling and like especially when you're younger because like it opens your mind up to like different stuff
basically.
It
is
I wish America
like talk like for language at like a younger age because like a lot of the only countries where the majority of the people are monolingual. Yeah.
English.
Singing
Do we
want?
I
use it for japanese were like, as I said, I have a short attention span, remember I do it? I don't remember anything
and
vulnerable to it.
Well I could give you a tip and
this way to learn a language that's true exposure. You got to expose yourself to it.
Just listen to news, listen to people speak it anything expose
yourself.
You got a really bad to listen to it. Like only japanese, I can read it but it's hard for me to like I can read and I can write but I can't listen because it's harder to pay attention but like just from learning a little just to piss some stuff up and I'm like just looking at japanese comics. No english. Oh and then like what's an enemy? Like I put the subtitles like so like I'm reading the subtitles trying to understand what's going on. Well try and connected with english. Well like japanese with english subtitles and I start trying to see what words I can pick out. This is stuff like that before you go like just expose yourself. The lawyer exposed the easier it is to learn like
just start remembering it.
Oh I just watch anime now. Okay.
A lot of my family.
Homeland?
Yeah like my brother goes, gets the groceries and he comes with wipe everything down like every single piece of girls, The white everything like literally
look,
sorry,
I'll do that. Sorry. Mhm
Right, by the state, by state you wake up and go, I'm sorry.
so all over the country because when you're alone, you get sad and lonely and you can't go out with other people. But like when you're with people, you get like really, really frustrated because the same
place with them, that's a long. Yeah.
And then like, especially if you're used
to like the house be nancy, just like have it full again. You're like, where's my privacy? Like I trust my feelings. I'm used to living in the dorms around this time and then suddenly to be back home like Mhm
I just felt like,
yeah, at first I was like free food because you know, yeah, it's expensive, right?
Blue.
Ever.
Oh no, I'm just, I'm taking a break of life or that's the plank. No classes. I'm just going to take some time and get myself together
pixel
with
it. Yeah.
And now I'm like, this semester is basically a wasted semester because like Out of 6, 6 classes I returned from one because I wasn't gonna pass.
And
it's hard to get credit as a science majors because your labs are three hours long and guess what? Doing work on critical.
All
All right. I'm a sophomore junior
meaning
it's not real like all the science, all the terminologies, all the labs, my body is always said older lives and all that. Mhm
I got the older younger
you
look.
No.
Was it like,
So what's it like growing up in the book that like most of 67 Kings stories take place in
rain?
sir.
Um it's basically closed.
Got a lot of flooding over there because when the hurricane started boring, it starts in that area. So we get like a lot of ratings before bank. It's not a lot of rain, but like it's like a little rain before it like comes over here and gains of that power and hates you all. Mm
Myself,
you,
I don't know.
And
we start at 25. Okay. I'm slow.
I
hate
America.
I'm really okay. So what's 25 plus 45,
60
30 Okay. 25 plus 45, you know. Oh gosh, I
hate
that
mark.
This survey surprised me to see the
troop. I was expecting it when I came on basically.
Like I just finished doing this one survey and then like you just hit me in the face on like wood.
Oh we've already passed mark. Wait, I don't know. It's like 33 by
There's like tons of people surveys. No, this is the first time. Usually I just like sending a recording of myself talking or like my reaction to videos, those surveys usually paid really well.
prolific.
It's a pleasure.
Good. Right.
menu.