ah This is camps. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. A. T. V. A. Okay. Sunday dinner. He says good night. That's going to look for two well regulated way necessarily. You try to think that the running prediction now there dot com. Watch this brain. It's a fascinating between you know just great. What is the average clean race? Five times factor don't have a watch. Right? Life google. Make me a store list. Yeah. Okay google. Make me a store list, drain cleaner morning. Speaking of help. Yeah. My intention. Do you want to take care that you know that all in $1 every month. It's easy to see. 89612 $125 every month. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. The mission house. Yeah. It was. Uh. Oh yeah the opposite. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi how are you
appreciate
good. Where are you from? Yeah.
I'm from Connecticut. Uh
I'm originally from Baltimore though so I'm
far away actually been to north Carolina, so
The,
I live
in texas
to I've lived a few states. Um, I lived in pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland texas and Kansas. So I, yeah, I bopped around with work for a while, but I don't do that anymore. I'm not working no more.
I
was a celebratory technician and basically it's a fancy name for the people that watch the heart monitors and I see you. Yeah. So that was me, stuck off in a little bit by myself, watching everybody blips by everybody
hated the reason that it was so easy to pop around was because nobody wanted to do it. So yeah, nobody,
nobody wanted to sit in there and be responsible for people dying or not dying or whatever. So, um, yeah, even the nurses,
even the nurses didn't want to sit in there. I mean, it was, it was hard for me to get somebody to go, let me go to the bathroom because they're not selling it,
you know?
And a lot of times like um they would have people on remote telemetry, like you would be based out of ice you so you can see all the people that were on uh the monitor in the ICU, but each of them have a nurse assigned to them, so they were right in the room all the time, but in the remote telemetry that might be out on a med surge floor somewhere where the nurses and in room with the person, you know? And I remember calling, calling one of the nurses and I said did you know that your patient in such and such room is in by Germany? And she was like, what's that? And I was like, oh lord, what's that? You guys
go to nursing school, don't you not know what a heart rhythm is? Right and by Germany is not life threatening by any means. But it's every other beat isn't premature ventricular contraction. So it's something that if somebody starts having that it will indicate to the doctor that their potassium as low there you know something is wrong with your sodium levels or something. So
you know here I am I'm explaining to an RN okay what by gemini is and I'm not I don't have a degree of medicine or anything. They teach you how to do this in the hospital. Right? So she says to me should I call the doctor? And it's like three o'clock in the morning? And I'm like no I said but make sure in the morning that they have lab supporter, you know like a set of left right sort of it's scary to think that these people don't understand what you're talking about. And I've had people I would have a person in a really severe kind of life threatening thing
that was on remote telemetry at a nurse, tell me why I was just in there. That can't be right. And I'm looking at the monitor, I'm going yeah, it can be right. Then. I have to go get get my charge nurse who goes and gets the the nurse house officer to try and call and the nurse down there. In the meantime the patient's heart beats going like this, you know, across the thing. And I'm like, you know when I call and tell somebody that a patient didn't rapide fit, you need to go back and look at your patient whether you believe me or not, you need to go back there again. You know, because it can happen like that. So what she was just in the room, she left the room right? So yeah it's a lot of responsibility and you know you sit in that room and like in texas I had 96 people to watch now rely on, you rely on the monitor jim you know go off for certain things but sometimes it wouldn't. So you're literally sitting there all night going, you know back and forth, back and forth trying to watch everybody. So that's why nobody wants to do it.
yeah. I couldn't love you there.
That's
what you
do
that's one of the highest stress jobs in the country tail it is you know people commit suicide. I mean you know it's it's really a bad job. You know you have to have great ability to handle stress to do that kind of a job and it's just I could never do it. You know, I I applaud them for everything that they do. You know walking people through CPR and you know on the phone and you know
dealing
with people that are extremely upset, you know trying to calm them down so that you can figure out what the hell is going on first of all. Right. Um You know it's hard you know, to deal with people like that, you know, especially when you're upset. So yeah. So
I mean the funny part is is I didn't get paid any more than a nurse and then you get paid as much as a nurse, which it seems to be kind of yeah, I told them one time they were sending people home for christmas right? And I said well I'd like to go home and they said well no you can't go your essential personnel. And I said excuse me. I said every one of these are ends is trying to sit here. I said if I'm so essential why am I making more money not making more money than they are?
I got to go home.
It makes sense. He sent me home and made a nurse sit there which pissed them off big time. Right? But I mean seriously, if I'm so essential actually making more money. No, that doesn't make any sense. I mean now up here I made decent money up here. I could make on a weekend holiday I could make 35 40 bucks an hour. But here, you know like regular base pay would be like 17 and I knew that and shift differentials and you know we get benefits or whatever, you can get 20 bucks an hour. But I signed up for everyday and holiday especially christmas got got double time for christmas. So
yes, I will work every night shift on christmas. You want to give me go right ahead.
No, I think about
you, miss my paycheck and I miss um, you know, miss being around people, you know, I don't, you know, the hardest thing about becoming disabled was coming home and going okay now, what do I do? Yeah, there's nothing to do. I mean literally, I mean I clean the house I cooked, I mean I cook so damn much. I couldn't cook anymore and then television sucks. So I mean what exactly is there to be with internet? Right? So I've become an internet junkie because I don't know what else to do with myself. So then I tried to find things to make money, you know, and prolific, really good with that, you know, I was surprised how quickly it adds up, you know, and I don't cash it out right now. I've got close to $500 in there. Yeah,
it's probably the past year or so. Yeah, I haven't taken it out for like a year or so.
I said
it's kind of my emergency slush fund. Yes, if it happens great, I don't bother it, I just let it grow and then, you know, if the car breaks down or something, I have some money, you know, pretty good, pretty good about paying rather quickly, you know?
What
do you?
Oh wow, that's
who I have. Yeah,
I
wanted to travel with them at all, you know, I read sometimes on their facebook page, all these people bitching and moaning and complaining and I'm like, have you been with T Mobile? Come
on.
Yeah, I'm gonna screw you over is what they're called. I know them $1200 and I absolutely refuse to pay it because and at the stabled I talked to them and call them and talk to them, I put my account on hold supposedly so they built me for the whole year and I said
no I'm not for that. Yeah. Yeah they built me through the whole damn year. $1200 for the contract. I said nope not paying it and they still keep trying, they keep you keep sending me offers right, you know the last offer was like 150 bucks and I'm like no I'm not paying
you
and
I know and they know that I'm on disability, you cannot sue me, you cannot garnish disability wages so you're screwed. Just write it off asshole,
you know
I just write it off.
There's more way.
well,
how is
that awesome?
That's
what you have
to be really careful about what you signed up for because you never know what's gonna happen afterwards. I don't set up for nothing anyone
unless
you
know
like a phone service or something like that. But these little, you know, things that they try to sell you on the internet now now I wanted to tell you I want a group on facebook. Um I do focus groups all the time. I make a damn good money doing focus groups. I need $17,000 last year doing focus groups.
Yeah, it's amazing. I didn't even realize what was going and somebody hooked me into it and now I run a group, you know to help other people. Um Break this down.
It's the
nationwide
my heart. Yeah, it's my group. It's nationwide money board information center. And basically it's kind of like a funnel. Like we find all these focus groups and we, we put them all in there that way. People don't have to look all over the damn internet for them. You know what I mean? Are
we
done
your, your video went away
now. I can hear you though.
It hasn't been
25 minutes, so I don't know what's going on with this thing.
Not
yet.
Yeah, maybe it's a glitch in their system. But anyway, I know what you look like, so it doesn't matter. Um We funnel, we funnel all the studies into there were, but it's a fun group. We have a good time. And then at the holidays we do giveaways and gift cards and stuff like that. But
it's amazing how much money you can make. You know, I just did one long ago. That was $320 just for one thing.
Well
you
make
there
you
go. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't want I didn't I didn't want on lupus it was $600 now. You know it depends you know medical ones tend to pay a little bit more than other ones do. But I've had what the hell was that about now? I can't even remember but it wasn't any medical thing and that was $300. So it give me it depends you know it can be anywhere from $75. 250 to 200. You know depends on what what it is and what it entails you know um Yeah you know I get a lot of product testing things. I have a box back here. You're gonna laugh. I have a box back here with four different. Mhm. Things that wipes in it. They're all generic, you can't tell who they're from. It's week one or week for is T. Y. F. Use them for a week. You rate them. I just $75 for doing that and I got four tubs wipes for free.
So how can you beat that? Right.
I've had a
lot
of, you know, I've gotten. Uh huh. Body wash got um dish soap, I got you, name it. You know if it's something new that they want you to test, they'll send it to you and they'll send you a lot, you know what I mean? It's not like you just get one jug of stuff, don't send you four bottles of dish soap. You know? Now it may not be the world's biggest dish soap in the end, but it's free dish so I'll use it. You know, it's
just common.
I see that give it to somebody else that wants it. There was one thing going around with, I have three cats, right? So they were doing a cat litter study. So this is what I did. You're going to die. I sent Catlett or took, I filled out the thing, all my neighbors and dresses. I live in like a, like an L shaped thing and they all know me and they all know what I do, right? So I sent it out to all of them. I got free cat litter and $30 for each thing that I sent out. And I had like six of them. So I got six boxes catheter in a giant tub about gay bag. And I got 100 and $80 for reviewing it all under everybody else's name.
Now, sometimes like they'll send out um laundry soap, I let them keep it, you know what I mean? Or if they have a cat I'll keep the litter. I really don't need 20 jugs of catheter. But I didn't buy cat litter for a year.
I get
there
all labels head. Uh I like the colors that are pretty I have
and he's not up here and then the two kittens are on the bed over here. What's a kid? Huh?
Think.
My
my big I was £17. Mhm.
Part main coon. I mean he's twice the size of these girls, you know there'll be a year old next month so they're full grown and he's twice their size. Um Funny too. I mean initially he wasn't so happy with the girls, they're sisters and then they became all buddies you know and this poor little grey cat, he's still trying to dominate her and help her and they constantly yeah I don't care you know all this stuff you know? And I take I hear them, they're usually around the corner and I get the air pressure, I spray it out um you know like fucking the hell off. I tend to I don't know what you're trying to do with ali but it ain't gonna work you know seriously? And then it gives me the like like look of shame, you know? And like are you trying to help ruby leave her alone?
And they told me to get these um they're like plug ins that put off some kind of pheromones or shit, they don't work, didn't work on him, he's still trying to horn 100 burn. I'm like what the hell, I'm gonna ask him. The girls go to the vet the first time next month, you know? Um I thought I'm from uh
rescue, and they had already gone to the vet. So I'm gonna take them to my vet because they do for the rabies shot. So I'm gonna ask her, you know, what is he trying to do? Is he actually trying to have sex with her? Or is he just trying to, you know, dominated her? What the hell is he trying to do? Because he's irritating me, do you think?
And I don't want to, it's like half his size, You know,
get
clock
to my son. I said, can you imagine being a female cat? I just cannot even imagine
the way
they have sex. No, thank you. Oh, no, no. We always have strays out front. You know, they're always trying to get to the my neighbors. Female captain isn't fixed and they're out there fighting and carrying on over this cat. And I'm like get and Lord, and then you hear them having sex. It's like he's tearing this poor little bit shreds, right? You know like what
the hell are you doing out there? Like there's no way I would be a female cat because I would swat the shit out of that sucker. What the hell are you doing? You know? Uh huh.
Mm
they can be really
vicious. I mean, you know, and I always have to laugh because they sit on the porch and they growl at each other, they're loud. You know, you can hear him every time. I'm like, what the hell? My son is in the front of the house, right? So here's them all the time. And I'm like, he'll come in and say we need to call animal control and get rid of these gats. I like, I'm not calling anybody. Let them be,
can
you
Rabah?
No,
my big old heartening kun bubba, look at this.
Okay, support Grant. Uh huh. He had
his
feet.
It's not it's not p so I had to have his feet of water so
it
fits
in the water bowl. You know, he takes out a net water bowl, this concrete water bowl and he pulls it across the middle of the kitchen floor.
three of us
any minute credit. Right.
Mhm. He's
strong.
He's carrying
on and then trying to cut his toenails. Oh my God, we have to cover his bottom feet with the blanket so we can get the top feet. And I stopped holding him, holding him like this, you know, trying to keep the squiggling around, trying to get away and then he's doing the, you know like things like we're killing something and he does that all the way to the vet to. He sings oh
even
as America
he's getting a haircut next week and
yeah they're on the bed. Um
we're girl that does his haircut. Yeah it got point after the point of the first couple of times he was okay and then they gave him a shot before they did his hair and he got pissed off and he was being really hateful to her. So she said to me from now on you're gonna have to sedate him to get his hair cut. So um I have to give him the gabapentin the night before in the morning so he can get his hair cut. The one time she called me and she said I got three out of the four legs down. You're going to have to do the last one. I said all right, that's that problem. But he's so miserable. He's got all that hair and it's
like 90 degrees up here. You know I mean we have air conditioning but he's still he's picking it off of him and he's coughing up hairballs and shit. I'm like no we're gonna get you a shaved down even though it's late. Normally I get him a shave down like the beginning of May but
with covid and everything, I couldn't get anything done. So um he'll just be less hairy in september, too cold in september so he doesn't go
outside.
He only goes outside when he opens the door. I don't have a regular door knob on my front door. I have one of those pushed out things. Yeah.
One night he comes upstairs he's got drool hanging out his face and I thought what the hell did you get into that you ate? Right. I go downstairs, the front door's wide open, The stray cat sitting on the porch. He's a man couldn't do it. Right. So and I said how the hell did you get the door open? He uh he jumped off the kitchen table which is right next to the door, hit the handle, the door pops open. So now I have to make sure every night that my door is locked,
it happens quite happened twice in the middle of winter. Right? And so at one time he got the door open and he went over to my neighbor's house and she said to me, you know ali's on my porch. And I said how the hell did that we get on your porch? The door is open.
I'm like, I call him Houdini cat, right?
And that's the point where we even put the chair like up underneath the door things so you can get it open. Okay? He pushes
out
the screens in the window. I can't open the windows at all. Unless I get one of those things from walmart that you pull out that fits right into with nothing because he's so heavy he can push the screens out of his out.
Thank
you.
I
was
cooking and I had the window open in the living room and I'm cooking and I walked past going back in the living room and the screen was like been out this way, I can head out the window, right? I opened the back door and sitting on the porch. Like how do I get back in?
And I
object
if you hadn't pushed the window out, you might have been able to get back in. Right uh walmart. I go to get the pool screamed, you know, like maintenance, maintenance here, looks at me like, why do you have those pool screens in there? And I'm like, because this cat will try to get out the window, I'm
especially upstairs, I'm afraid he's going to like, you take a take a header
off the second floor, you know, they're funny as hell is your name, So I know who you are when
you're
coming
into Cameron. Okay. All right. I'll know by who is joining my group.
that's fine.
That's fine. I'll figure it out when you get on there, But
I mean, you're not more the merrier. I don't care. You know, people think that I should cut it off at a certain point because, you know, that makes less money for everybody, or there's less chances, or whatever. I'm like, you know, whatever I said, I get into him, I don't want, it takes a little bit to get in, but once you get in then they start calling um and what I do is i if I get in, somebody calls me, I saved their phone number and I get their name and I put that in there and that way, if they call me back again, I know who it is because sometimes you don't know who they are, you know, it might be calling
from California, they might be calling from new york city or someplace and you know that way I know who it is. I don't have to worry about it in a scam or call or some, you know, bullshit part. Um And I keep uh a day planner, so I know what the hell I'm doing because sometimes it gets really busy and this is CNN. Anyways it's here somewhere. Had it. I was looking to I don't hear this like some months it's just absolutely insanity. Great. Mhm.
Like I had, let's see. One for $70. 150 another one for 50 100 and 2500 100 100. Thanks 75. 125. Then you add that up over months. Mhm. And that gets to be a lot. You know I mean I don't think I've ever had a month and I haven't made over $1000. You know
some months
quiet, some months are quieter than others. But you know, I I don't worry about it too much. It's funny. I have the one company pays you with Visa gift cards have $900 worth Visa gift cards in my purse.
And then I have virtual Visas that I saved on my computer have a $300.1 in their 175. Another one another one. I don't know how much they are. Sometimes they're only 10 or $25 but it all adds up. You know some of the girls said I don't know why you post those $10 studies. I said because $10 is $10. Yeah
$10
I have yesterday. So I mean why not? I said when you girls start good thing because it's not enough money then you don't need the money. That
this is the
way
I look.
What exactly you know and I've struggled my whole entire life so I know what it's like to be without and so you know any amount of money, $5.10 dollars. I'll take it. I don't care. You know I mean as long as it's simple, I mean these little things are what 75 cents, you know whatever it adds up.
But
look number $500 worth. You know and I like the fact that I don't think about prolific a whole lot. You know I don't need that money. It's just there. You know like I said sometimes you don't need that money for something and then I'll be there. I don't have to worry about it. But you know if you if you cash it out every $10 that comes along, I mean that's stupid. You know what you gonna do with $10? Uh huh.
they get
a cup of coffee at Dunkin Donut. That's about all you're gonna do. Um Especially up here. I don't know what it's like down there. But I mean a loaf of bread and a jug of milk is $10 here.
So
Focus 3 90 crane. And some some depends on whether my bread is 4 99 11. But you can get cheaper other than that. Uh huh. The milk is, you know pretty much as being price across the board. Mhm. Like four of us for a gallon of milk. So
we have an all the
Yeah even at all these is 2 99.
Well, you know you can't rent a two bedroom apartment here for less than $1500.
And for like
ran off a regular house that will start at two grand. Easy. Mm hmm. Yeah,
she's here.
It's like next after Los Angeles I think for a face.
Okay. Or oh is even more than what we pay, They pay like $8 for a jug of milk in Los Angeles.
Well I was trying to move and I was trying to buy a house that was going back to pennsylvania because I lived there the longest in my life. I lived there for 23 years and my son wanted to go back and whatever and I had a good amount saved for my down payment. And then this covid things happen and screwed me all up. So now I'm gonna start a little bit, you know, I'm not trying to look at houses and the middle of a pandemic. So and then I have a couple of health things that I have to do. So
that's gonna make it wait too. So and go for a heart attack a couple of weeks and that'll be interesting. They were going to work the cardiac floor is going to going for a hard cast
and the doctor doctor says sometimes it's not so good to know things, is it? And I said, no, it's not so good to know things.
The only thing
I was right was is they're not going through my groin. Thank you, jesus. No more David. You know, you don't need a shave down there. You don't need to thank you. They're going through my neck and that's fine.
I've had to a chance two attempts to put a stent in, right. The first time they went through my groin and it was two guys shaving my groin and I made the comment was that that's the most action I've had in a long time. And everybody laughed. Right? So the second time they went through my arm and they gave me a blood clot. So that was no fun. And so we'll see how we do with my neck this time.
all right. I don't know what somebody said to me and I said you know what, I'm not going anywhere so don't even worry about it. Nobody has control when I go except for me
when I'm ready. I'll go otherwise forget.
I said ever devils are scared of me. Me.
I don't know. Yeah, I doesn't want me and the devil scared so I'm good.
I'll
be here.
I think that's why trump is still alive. Yeah,
this is not
trump
land up here. So I don't know what you are, but any trump land up here.
Uh No, I could never live down there. I would be probably be stringing me up somewhere because I'm as liberal as they come. You know when I lived in texas I was that damn yankee woman right? To some
of the
girls, the girls that I worked with, I was at yankee, you know and I don't know what she said, she was being a bitch. One time she pissed me off this one nurse because she was lazy as hell. She wouldn't even get a piece of paper out the door by herself, right? And I told her no get it yourself. And she says you're just made is that being from the north all you Yankees our main. And I said well it's being from Oklahoma
mean to draw a bitch because you sure as hell act like one. And the doctors doctors used to pick on me from being up there too because she up here the doctors do everything for themselves. We don't we don't like hunting fetch for them, you know what I mean? Well that's what they would like hunting fetch for these doctors. And I'm like why are you doing that? They know how to use the computer, They know where their charts are. There's no reason why you have to hunt and fetch. So this one surgeon, he was a real pain in the house, right? He'd come to the desk and you go and say the room number 2 48. I got a phone in each year. The monitors are going off. Yeah. And I said it's in the chart back, go get it yourself. And everybody, everybody behind me went, oh you were not gonna get it for me. And I said no. And he looked at me and he said you're me. I said well so be it, they all get fired. You expect me to get fired. But you know what? He got his own charge from that day on
I said when
you
do
everything for them, they're going to expect you to do it. I said you have to start as you go, it's just like having a child if you want to do something you explain it to them, show where it is and you make them do it.
Doctors are
like little token. Yeah you have to hold your hand and say here's how do you do it dr so and so and out and then they're fine. But and then it was funny because one doctor I didn't like so I would get his stuff
and Purnell his lab work put his chart on top of the desk. One of the other doctor said to me, how come You
must not really You must not like me then you don't get my stuff. I said no, no no that's not true. I said exactly the opposite. I do like you. That's why I don't get your stuff. And he said uh huh. I said the sooner I put his stuff up here and get that son of a bitch out of here, the better off I am
whatever he wants, I will get it for him to get him off of the unit because he's a jackass. So let's get him out of here. Yeah.
that's exactly how I said about it, you know? And I said I like you, that's why I don't get your stuff. He says that makes sense. I said, yep, it sure does. I
said I'm not I'm not fooling about it. Yeah,
I loved my job. You know, it's kind of hard not to be able to have it anymore, you know? But I know I can't do it so I don't even bother trying. I had one failed
job attempts before I got re disability. I tried to go back to the hospital mark and I just couldn't do it. It was just too much. It it's a lot, you know, there's a lot of stuff going on, a lot of
things you have to remember. My memory isn't the greatest. You know, So it proved to me that there was no way that I was going to be able to do that okay. Like I used to my ex boy next guy that I used to live with. He used to tell me that when he come up and watch me while I was working, when he was waiting for me. He said you're like a damn traffic cop. I said yeah because literally you've got doctors want something, nurses wanting something, the patients visitors up there, he wants something, the phones are ringing. You know I said and you're trying to watch a monitor off the same damn time. There's
very special.
Mhm. Yeah you come home and you and you know, you know, you're stressed when you come home in the middle of the night, you wake up and you go, did I do that something that you were going to do and you wake up in the middle of night and you go, did I remember to do that or not? You call work? I'm like, did I put this in the computer? Yes,
and they
don't
Yeah, I mean you get really stressed and then all of a sudden your your brain says, did you do something great? And nine times out of 10 if I called, I did do it, but the one I wouldn't call would be the time I didn't do it, then I get trouble.
Well, you know,
you're not going to go back leave until you call them, find out
you're not going to get a good sleep because we're worried about you to do something or not. And you know, these kind of things were, you know, did I put labs in that? I do this? Did I do that? Did I order this med or whatever? And these are life and death things. So you know, you got to remember what to do it, you know? Yeah,
it's crazy.
Great. Well, you know, I worked with his one girl wanda, her name was Oh Lord, I want the woods blonde, bubble head, 47 year old bubble head. She would have one patient's chart, another patient in the computer and another patient's medication, card axe.
And I'm like, what
are you
doing?
scary. That
needs to be able to write. When we were writing an insulin order, we used to be able to write 10 you for units, you can't do that anymore. You have to write it out because depending on how a person may. There you one girl read it as 100 unit. Now if I saw 100 units of insulin I would go ask my charge nurse sir. I would go back to that chart and look at it because that's ridiculous amount. But she gave it damn. Never killed the peach. Yeah. This is how dumb this nurse was. The nurse told the partners told her to cut the I. V. How the I. V. What would you take that to me if you
want
If
somebody
said to cut the highway.
Yes she took her scissors and cut the I. V. Great.
To see this is a woman that went to four years, had a bachelor's degree in nursing
as
character. Turn it off.
Cut it with a pair of scissors. Yes she did. She last time she got fired.
How she got through her. Sure you know that when they go for a couple of months before they get their uh license? How she got through that? I don't have no idea. Without somebody catching that. She was stupid. You know what I mean?
The single seniors that gave 100 units of insulin to
use
common sense. Okay if she said cut the I. V. And she wasn't sure what she meant.
She shouldn't have said what do you mean cut the idea? You need turn it off or do you want me to do you want me to cut it with my scissors?
What do you want?
I mean
I'm not that dumb. I've got a nurse but I know better than to cut it with a pair of scissors, jesus
current.
I
saw
Black charge nurse. It was a black girl. Right? She came out of that room and I I knew something wasn't right just by the look on her face and I said johnny, what's wrong, johnny. She moved back to north Carolina there. Um johnny what's wrong? She says you're not gonna believe what she just did mm hmm. I said
you're kidding me. Oh she said she took her sister's out, shouldn't product being.
fine.
And
they
have
to
let it to the patient. Why that happened, Right?
Oh I've
seen some crazy shit. No idea we had. Sometimes when you get into a specific specific heart rhythm. Yeah. If you go back there and you sometimes right on their stardom, okay it'll break it. But you have to make sure the patient is unconscious before you go back and hit them. So the patient's envy tack. Right. The nurse goes back there in the patient's wide away as she wow,
I said, oh my God, have mercy on me! She did not just go back there and stop that patient. It was funny because he was italian real italian. And all I heard was oh mommy! Mommy, Oh uh huh, right, Oh Lord. Some of this shit I've seen as somebody I got I was about eight months pregnant with my son and I got chased up the hallway by this little old man and nothing but the slippy socks like it as a jaybird chasing me up the hallway and I'm like you know, I have to call security to get it because I can't get him on like eight months pregnant. Right, so here comes security to get a hold of this little old man with this slippy socks on. It was fun. It was really fun to see some of the shit that happened. One of our patients coded and they, you know, like stop the code and they were going down to the morgue, Got the more kit, you know, to take him to the morgue. And one of my nurses black LP and she went in the room and he was sitting up in the bed going to go to about and she came out of there. Her eyes was so big that
she's yelling, he's alive. You were too, they had called the code. He was done for ready to go to the mark. Yeah, he was alive. He set up pull that too bad of his throat and everything and I was like, holy shit.
Yeah, it is crazy, but it happens sometimes. I don't know why, you know whether
um, you know, it's just some kind of electrical component there because your heart basically
runs electrically. That's why they call it telemetry. You know, they do the same thing with cars, they put your car on, you know, they put it on the machine and they measure all kinds of stuff and figure it out. You do the same thing with your heart, right? So I don't know if there was some kind of like charge that happens, you know, after they've been stopped so many times. You know, maybe something just automatically comes back to life somehow. Or I don't know how it works. But he was sure enough alive.
Crazy.
It
was
well I like on day two, I was working up here at Hartford and they'd done the code called the code. They had to take the monitor off yet. And I was sitting at the desk and I might, this dead person has a heart rate of 35 that's not normal. You know, like when they die heart dies, you'll have whip. Now I'll be two or three minutes. Then you have another lip till the electrical conductivity stops, but you don't have a steady heart rate of 35. I'm sitting watching us. You know, that's a sinus brady, That's what that is. So I called my charge nurse and I said, you know the the
dead guy over here? I said, well he has a heart break. I'm 35. She's like, no. I said, yes, she does. Come around here.
She's like, holy shit, call the code and team again. So I called the coaching, you know, of course they call it for the same room number. Right? So the, the doctors and for
calling
me in the anesthesiologist, we were just in there and I said, yeah, you need to come back. I said, because he's not dead. You've got a heart rate, Get your ass down here. Like took him guys to you. You know, he, he lived for another like four days and then he finally died died. But that's crazy.
Imagine going to the, into the morgan tagged and bagged and waking up down there. That would be just fucked up.
I would freak the fuck out.
Working.
Yeah. That's what I'm being irrational fears now because I've seen it.
Well, yeah, I'm going to the hospital and they're gonna code me and I'm not really dad, you end up in the morgue.
I was like, we never got to the mark, but I've seen it happen. You know, that they all those got there,
is he dead bodies? They'll move sometimes, you know, like they'll, you know, twitch or whatever or they actually sit up even because of the gas, you know, that's inside of them. It'll cause them to sit up or whatever. So, or the moon, I'll make a noise, you know? Yeah. So, um, I've seen that more than once and that's kind of freaky. I never like to go to the morgue either. I would take them to the more, but I'm like, um, I hated going down there because you see the little pink and blue blankets and I hated seeing that. Um,
and maybe going down there in the middle of the night because, you know, I've watched our movies to, I don't want to be down there. So,
that
quarter
down in the back in the corner, in the dark, spooky plays, you know, I don't want to go down there. There's something waiting for me. I know there is.
I want,
I watched charming. Don't go around the corner, don't open that door. You know what the hell? So yeah. No and one night was really weird. We had a short staff, it was me, a charge nurse and an L. P. N. And we had one bed and everybody, we will put in that pad coded. Everyone all night long. The first guy coated, I took him to the morgue, right? We got a patient from the er they barely got him off the stretcher into the bed, encoded took
him to the mark. Okay, Third guy. Get him off the batty codes and I said to the admitting office, I'm not putting anybody else in that bed tonight. There's something wrong in there. I don't know what the hell is going on. There is some kind of juju going on or some kind of supernatural hit I said, but there's nobody going in that bed. And the cardiologist came upstairs and was like, what the hell are you guys doing up here? I said, I don't fucking know, I said, but everybody we put in that bed codes, I'm not doing it again, keep them in the emergency room for the night because they're not coming up here.
That's
my freaking, you know, because you wonder what the hell is going on. I mean it's just too odd of a coincidence very to be normal
carol.
know, there's
some kind of
demon there or something. I don't know. I watched too many of those haunted hospital ship and stuff like, you know, you wonder I'm telling you it's
scary.
Yeah, that shit would freak me out. You know? I've seen one of those shows where the guy was dying and how the death thing came for him, you know, and he was I guess a bad person in life and so the whatever bad thing comes to get you to take you to hell or whatever um was like tormenting him, you know? And I always think of as oh shit, I'm in trouble because I I so you know because that thing will be coming for me and I'll be like, oh hell no. Yeah,
hell no, you keep them at home. Yeah, I just can't imagine, I just can't match it. There's all kinds of weird stories I've read, you know about, you know, how there was actual, you know the angels come and take people away, you know like your family members will come and take you.
can you know, a lot of times people see their parents or their new her husband and then gone before them or whatever. I just find out that interesting, that supernatural stuff.
what
what
they've seen? Yeah,
I need to, it's just interesting, you know, it's not like going to the Pearly Gates kind of thing. I don't think it's that's the way it works, you know, religious wise, you know, there's so many questions, you know, get into that topic, you know, it's a touchy thing I guess. But um you know, so many things that point to something different than what we've been told, you know, throughout the years and the good book. So it's just interesting to, yeah, you know, look at it at a different perspective and a scientific kind of perspective versus a spiritual kind.
Exactly. I grew up in the methodist church and you know, my mother was religious to a point, you know, but not being crazy about it, you know what I mean? Like some people are certainly not the Westboro baptist church kind of crazy. Um Wonder whatever happened to them because you don't hear about them anymore. You were
freaking
cold.
right. The old man died so.
sure. I'm sure that he's crazy. You know? It's so funny to me that, you know, they killed john f Kennedy, They killed bobby. They killed martin Luther king. They kill all the good guys. Now he has these damn rallies, right? You would think that some nutter would take a pot shot at this guy, right? No, nobody will do anybody a favor, you know, by rid of him. You know, altogether. Pence is worse. But yeah, you get voted out. Ain't nobody gonna vote for him, Right? But can you not just get rid of him? I was teasing my girlfriend. I said if I had a germinal illness, I would do it. I would take I would take it for the niche. Right?
Let
him come.
Let him tell tell me I'm terminal and I'll take it from the nation because I can't deal with us up, bitch no more. I can't even listen to him on tv. I can't not even listen to him. His voice just uh yeah. You know, we don't Winfield. Uh Oh, I gotta go. Honey
cleaner.
Hello? Yeah. Yes. This is me. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. Okay, sure. Go ahead. I'm a medical billing specialist.
Yes. Yeah. You have to do you want to run with the other? You can't do one without the other one. I guess. You're not a coder so you don't know. But you use both of them. Oh, everybody's telling you the same thing that you have to use them about. Okay.
Isn't that the same question you just asked me? Yeah.
Okay. So it was a little different. Okay. Yes.
Yes. Okay strap large.
I'm not an expert. So you know. Yeah. I mean I don't think anybody is an expert because they say they are their lives. You know the test for the certifications are like five hours long so I can't see that anybody got 100% on the test so. Mhm. Yeah jeez. Since 2013. Yeah. Yeah. Just yeah, I have a bachelor's degree. Yeah. Yeah. A pc. Right. Mhm. All right. Um The William w back in hospital. Just put back as B. A. C. K. U. S. Mhm. Yes. No. The hospitals and knowledge it. Yes. Okay. School. Yeah. I'm 47 shit.
Now what can I study users? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Hey. Well
but Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, of course. Mhm.
Okay.
938 So you have been in three? No and the one side side yeah matter. M. E. T. A. G. O. Well avenue. Right. Your gr Connecticut 0634 days ago. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah I should have to wait this out so let her see the water taxes. Yeah. No I used to live there though. The word tornado. Yeah that's not yeah that's it. Yeah. I was north of Dallas for quite a while. Yeah. Yeah. I know we're both of them, are you? Yeah. Oh no I can't. Do you realize? Okay. Mhm.
What time you have money? Mhm. Yeah. Eastern time zone. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Let's do 3 30 on the seventh then. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I'm writing it down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay.
Mhm. Yeah.
Mr Oh it's okay. It's expensive but it's okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm shame.
Yeah. Okay.
All right. You sure will? Okay. Okay. Okay Sure.
Project figures. Have you spell it a project Vegas? Okay. Alright actually uh you're very welcome. You too. Bye bye. Yes I'm not working
great but I am working
and
no I'm not 47 obviously. Um But I used to be a medical coder so that once I left the hospital and tribe coding. Um So I know about coding. I was like up of my glass for coding so um it's simple I. C. B. Nine cpt codes. It's simple match the diagnosis code with the procedure code. He has ability that's all it is. So it should be simple to do what they're wanting me to do. So yeah.
When Edward wow. Yeah so that's what we're doing you know and they don't know they can't call back as hospital to verify my unemployment that's not legally won't do that. They won't tell them
they can't do it.
So you learn the little tricks of the trade when you wanna get something that you know maybe you qualify for but you're not doing it anymore.
No they're not going to call anybody they're just going to verify you know. Yeah like your answers. I mean it's like I said to her I said you can't she asked me did I do cpt coe cpt codes And then she asked me did I do I. C. D. Nine codes and I said well you can't do one without the other. And she said everybody has been telling me this so obviously I know what I'm talking about because everybody you know so that clutter into that. Um Now I'll do a little brush up beforehand. I'll go into my coding. Look into the you know the new I. T. V. Nine and the I. C. 10 for this year to make sure I know where I'm going to be looking at for surgical procedures and stuff like that because they're going to do like a little mock thing where they're trying out this new software or something. Um So I got to kind of figure out what I'm gonna do but I should be all right.
So I am going to go I need to go to the grocery store so
I got my
long
I know that was more than 25 minutes. Right?
It was very
good
productive.
All
okay. I agree.
Right. Got my mask
ready to go.
I
have
no travel so I go all right
later. All
right bye bye