Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Oh, okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Another employees. They all cashed the check. The only black in front of the Ahab was not able to cash this check. That's why I'm angry. I have plenty of money in the bank. There's no reason why you couldn't call me to verify the chest. Yeah. Oh my God. You're Oh God, don't do I love that about guys Five days. I'll be like, all right. When I started, I had a girl that I was talking to. Okay, shit. Yeah. All right. Get out. You're gonna get out. Yeah. Okay. Shit. Mhm. I know people who used to be, you say it's likely to make it. What is it you ready to try and time with we fresh on the mental hospital hey, with fresh on some mental hospital can keep anything for my name in the home. Wake up to reality. Nothing ever goes as planned in it's a cursive world. The longer you live, the more you will realize that the only things that truly exist in this reality are merely paying wake up to reality. Yeah. But what does it really mean to define the police and what if it's not as radical as it sounds in Chicago? Where the policing budget is $1.7 billion, roughly, twice the budget of the fire department. Yeah. The firemen gonna come and put out the right. But what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here are four dark truths about women that 99% of men continued to refuse to accept. # four men are concerned with a woman's past. It includes who she hangs out with her past relationships where she worked and what she's done up to this point. On the other hand, the women are concerned with a man's future. What kind of career or business is going to pursue status and societal positioning? You make the fire. The 10 points are getting married next weekend. Shit. Mhm. Why? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. So there's my mom's birthday. She passed away two years ago and this girl decides to say this stuff to me. I don't remember this ever been okay. Just spree might they completely just please don't be like this girl to anybody since it was my mom's birthday. She passed away two years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Oh yeah. You could use, Yeah, but young african american wants that. She's making you shouldn't be a deadly interested. Why is where did you want to hear his point of view? But you should by no means he's not okay. Mhm. Yeah. Miami Our Oh my God, that's not me. Okay. Just all right. Told me was that you're faking and you're still fake you you're still thinking right good for your check. Yeah.
Hello?
Yeah, I can hear you can hear me. How's it going? Yeah.
Okay. Um Just let me put this cat down. It just keeps jumping on my lab. So if I disconnect or anything that's because my cat just won't leave me alone.
Mhm. No, that's fine.
Yeah. Just just make it up for the next 25 minutes. But then I also read that just to be safe at like another two minutes like
at the end. You know, it was like if you finish at 24 minutes and 59 seconds and you know, well tough luck, you know.
Oh, don't play those games. Okay. I live in the south. You want to get the state or just play a little
game? That's right.
Yeah. I wish I wasn't putting law. Never a really long time. So it's close, but you're like very hot though.
So there's florida,
There's,
there's like two states touching it. Jack 50 15 dr Yeah.
Right.
I live in north Georgia. I
just recently moved out like two or 3 weeks ago. And
You know, what about you? I guess which part?
Ohio. Oh, so like
where's all
whole lot of midwest? Um, Minnesota.
Not even close you
michigan. Right. Am I like getting very cold now? Like not being closed?
Missouri are you like a college student?
Ah that's awesome. What do you do?
No,
that's great. Um,
for
me, I just
came back from like a deployment. So like the past I guess two years, um, I was getting ready to deploy so that the person like scrolling all to the right and all that stuff. So that was fun. Um, I went to africa so it was not fun. It was not fun at all.
Yeah, I was essentially like there was a lot to do, but then everything closed down because of covid. So since we're in the military, we just the absolutely essential people had to like go out, leave the base and that was like my unit. Um,
so I came back
my bed here.
So you
can see like the military in general is like very conservative people. Like,
see it like a flu, like if you get it, you know, okay, some of them take it seriously. Some other like fence, it is how it is. I guess there's especially the older men,
they don't like, you know, Yeah, it's uh
I mean, so when I came back, you know, I went to Norfolk Virginia, you don't really have to wear a mask, like going outside, you know? So by the only time I have to wear a mask was going inside into like a rest or any kind of building.
So I decided to go travel up to uh Philly and like everyone was wearing mask
regardless of what they were doing, what then when I came down south, so mass and why do you have that on, you know?
and
And
if
no, you're right, it just feels like I said very awkward because you walk out and you're the only guy with the math and you're like, I'm just like,
so for me now, um I have like the next I guess a month or so of like doing absolutely nothing because you know school starts in january for me, I want I want to be like an E. M. T. I want to be like a paramedic.
But
yeah it's going to be very like awkward because it's like Covid I guess. Um
Well like
this week, like this thursday I have LASIK
so I want to do these bad boys anymore. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Is it because like you guys are like close to like max capacity or something?
Well, I've been blessed with
having three hospitals right next to each other. Oh okay. Even
in the like my mom
works at the hospital, she's like she's not a nurse, she's a custodian I guess and she has to be extra precautious because she cleans up all the all the rooms and then I was like kind of worry.
That's crazy.
That's amazing.
So you know when covid hit, so I think Kobe hit around like for us like may when everything closed down. So we arrived around january, not not me, I'm lady it's around february or March when they started implementing stricter and stricter measures until everything was closed down. Yeah. So
the only thing I got
to enjoy by africa was doing the missions that we had to do
that or like out
of base. So I
didn't really get to enjoy that other than like, you know casual
catch
throwing rocks at us or something. Is this then nothing. It was just how it is, you know?
Did you like push your plans to the to write like vacation
anything because it's so good?
Barry.
it's,
at least get like a refund for all the air and be like
that's good. That's really good. I've been very blessed to like I
guess avoid most of all the the mix up because I was in africa for like september
fish and I was stuck in a hole, come home for most of my time in october. I got my say, I got my paperwork saying hey you're done, good luck, you know? Exactly. Deuces and then that's that's it. Um Much
than just, I don't know, this guy gets kind of boring, you know after two roommates they they work, one of them works like I got at home another one a factory
which works very long hours and I guess this week she she's going to like pizza or whatever for the next week so
I got to have to find something
entertaining to do for the next week or so.
Well that's a funny thing because this december going to Guatemala. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't think any of them,
yeah, they just lifted the restriction like
it's still pretty bad. But yeah, I
just want to see like my family members because in the past two years my grandpa and my grandma passed away. So right
there's one of those things like I was offered they had they paid the ticket and I was like yeah screw it. Yeah.
She
has,
Yes.
Yeah.
That's that's amazing. Um For me um I only knew like two aunts and then you know like last week my aunt told me like yeah we have you have three like like arms and uncle was three more. I was like oh right
So I plan on seeing all of them.
I have a lot more than I thought.
Uh huh
Of course I'm gonna take the proper precautions. Just the thing is I think I'm more worried about like
the meals getting sick through
eating then catching covid. Yeah
Guatemala. I think they're I think the problem when it came to Guatemala is that they can't close down because it's not because potentially like
they
can't
do it, they can't another lockdown and uh huh People don't care enough so but I have a whole trip planned out.
I wouldn't go see like the pyramids. Um
Yeah that's about it. Uh
Guatemala. So there's Mexico are always like right below it.
that,
that sounds like some horror movie or something, you know, like,
Yeah.
Okay.
Take care
of them.
So, I know you're a biologist. Right. So generally, what do I notice? Because I've been to multiple poor country is that they don't really care about their environment as much as there's a lot of pollution. There's a lot of trash and yeah, yeah. And this is, I don't know, it's very sad, especially when I went to Africa, it's a very
beautiful like place. It's a people
do you think this is through the trash on agreement control?
Accessibility,
That's
All
And um
like
remember one day I was just on the pier and one of the guys, you know they're feeling the boats and then you know they filled enough it didn't stop. So what they did just they just dump the hose into the water and just let it just drawing. I was
Oh
this cat, I'm sorry. Yeah and
for us you know for every little drop of diesel that we drop we have to
report it you know and They just casually just the whole like 20 or 30 gallons of diesel in the water and then you see people bathing right right next to it, you know? Yeah.
Yeah that's remember that night in the water especially or just driving the boats through the water. The water tend to glow. Okay
bioluminescent.
Yeah it was it was amazing. I don't know it's just certain days or out on the water that night. And my friends are like point look at that and then we grabbed a stick or something
and
smith.
It was, I think it's like light blue.
Okay.
Yeah.
What
are not,
are you like, I don't know when I, when it comes to like walking down the forest or something like that. I don't know if you've done that before you get
there.
What do you think it's like awfully dangerous? Especially when it comes to like snakes are animals?
What's that?
I don't
understand.
Yeah. Uh huh.
jesus.
See my, one of my friends, has he majored and Biology. I think he just got his pictures
and you would all out of all the places you decided to move back back to our hometown, which is a good spot, right?
But covid it was so hard for him to find a job, you know? Mhm.
Um
What could you do to like so I can help my friend because he seems so lost right now?
mm.
Thank you.
Yeah. Because I know he very in love with it comes to like nature he was doing, I'm just trying to burn down the forest, but you know those controlled fire stuff like that. He loves animals when it comes to,
Yeah.
Two.
Mhm. Mhm.
If you
They're gone. I know. Like or where I live, they do a lot of research. They don't know. They have like these little capsules inside like the pavement. I don't know. Just they do it like seasonal, like be tested or something like that. Yeah.
They do a lot of fancy stuff where I live. Um uh There's a fun fact um where
I used to live, the we have the largest college nine population, but like acreage in the world. Yeah. It's called a very college and it's it's huge, definitely huge. Um It's a fun fact.
yeah. Just have we hit the 25 minute mark
Well, it was nice talking to you.
How do we handle up or do I just exit
out?
Yeah. I don't know.
All
Yeah.