uh huh.
Can you hear me?
I'm going to finish writing these directions.
That's why I have my daughter and start working. So
I guess we didn't get any direction, what to talk about. We just
More
You don't get it. Okay. Well, what, what state are you in?
And
florida.
No. Yeah. Come on.
I
don't.
um,
Georgia. Mm
They didn't.
hmm. You doubt? Yeah,
sure I am. I am in the midwest.
considered
the southern state of the midwest. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm
No.
Mhm. We're not even sure Minister. I guess it does count on the bus. I just moved here. So I'm a
Is Missouri considered the southern state of the midwest?
Well, no, I finished my PhD a few years ago. I'm a scientist.
All right. Well, like almost all the other biologists
this year I study covid now.
Uh huh.
And
or
Really? Don't be in such an interesting place to go. It's not somewhere people generally get to travel to.
Yeah.
No.
How do people are people reacting to live there? I guess there are a lot of, you know calling it fake or is everyone taking it pretty seriously?
know,
Are you? Mhm.
There.
It's kind of like an ethereal threat. Like it's hard to really seems solid unless you experience it yourself, so.
What?
What?
Yeah, that's what I find most annoying. Like of course people can make the decision for themselves of what they want to risk or not. But people start making fun of other people for wearing a mask. Or bullying someone from wearing a mask because they think it's unnecessary. I just find obnoxious because you know, why would you want to bully someone for being as safe as it possibly could be. Yeah. It's just
completely unnecessary social pressure for
no reason other
than you don't want to feel like your own decision is wrong. So
They, yeah. And it shouldn't be that way. I shouldn't feel weird to do something that's safe. I love at the university where I work, You know, I'm an immunology department so ruins very aware of Covid and the risks and I hardly ever see anyone without a mess. Like sometimes I'll go over to the hospital and people who are there visiting family or something, are there without a mess to be in the hospital without a mask. But the doctors and the nurses all the scientists always have the best done. It's just so you know so nice to spend that kind of environment where everyone taking it seriously. You don't have to feel weird about wearing event. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah
I feel like it's gonna be intense training for that this year.
Mhm.
Well
But
Yeah
then yes I guess they said this different, it wouldn't be at a hospital. I know my hospital shutting down all the all the elective stuff they're doing it anymore.
Yeah. Everything stolen out.
What?
I just think
what?
that's being in hospital brother in this uh risky. My sister is a nurse, she her she used to work in out ward where people recover from back surgery. But I got, yeah, you converted into a covid ward. So she goes and and deals directly with the patients every day, what's there?
I know it's a rough like super worried about her for the first few months, but she survived nine months or so. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. That, so did you get to see much of africa? Why are there or you just pretty much on the base?
right.
What?
What?
All
Hi
and
just
Well, yeah. Yeah.
no.
Yeah, I had Planned to Michigan for four July, I went to like drive around lake michigan and see like Kim sites and I don't know some other stuff we had planned, we're gonna go like fireworks display over this one lake where there's a big party every summer. And I like playing this whole thing out a whole week. And
my boyfriend had like set everything, gotten all the Airbnb s, you know, ordered all this stuff we needed to modify the car to camp with and uh that was in february and then they had to cancel everything. We've been been going there, especially michigan had really strict lockdown stuff and yeah, I had to and then do a bunch of extra work to try to figure out some some of the covid stuff so getting it to. Yeah, just
really just playing. And but I since I had the time here in the summer, I like looked for a house and bought a house instead. So a very different direction for my summer. But it turned out a good time for anything else. So yeah,
yeah, I mean we did a really good job of like even the places that were non refundable, they had an extenuating circumstance policy where you could cancel because of covid and get all your money back so and then I got most of it back, that was really nice of them expect it, but yeah,
World.
I'm hoping.
no.
No.
Well,
deal
yeah, so I guess you went and when I look for jobs instagram, start school soon
from the United States traveler,
but
mm,
Mhm.
I'm going to go see my parents for thanksgiving turnouts, terrible to travel and go see your family, but they are not doing any kind of distancing or taking any kind of professions in there, old in high risk groups, so I don't know if they'll survive the winter and so I assume I are, you know, decided I'll go see them and spend this week with them um just in case I'm
not
going to put them at any higher risk than they already yet, so just myself at risk, uh I have a twin sister and she has a set of twins herself and that I haven't seen since last christmas, so when I go go hang out with the babies Mhm. Um
Yeah, mm and
there in south Carolina and every year for thanksgiving, going on, we gotta beach house and go spend the whole week at the picture. I don't want that either.
What I'm living, you know? Mhm.
This
and Mhm.
Well
What?
What?
Okay.
I
don't
know.
What?
Mhm. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. We got him eyes does the border months ago. I'm not really good with my south american geography.
They yeah, I've always on the uh what's the name of them? Those like big caves in Mexico that have like the water pools at the bottom? Yeah, I'm
trying.
they're like they they're giant caves, lots of sunlight come in. There's like a whole ecosystem in there where it's like you know growing tropical plants and stuff and then the most mostly filled with like really clear, beautiful water and they have a particular eating that I'm blanking on and I've always wanted to see this. Yeah,
I've traveled to Costa rica. Mm central
America, wow, that was ripple. It was cool to travel from like
the
mountain region all the way down to the beach and see like the different types of environments that they had there and like how the people are living and yeah, I enjoyed my time there. Yeah. No.
All
What?
I've always thought that that has a lot more to do with um okay.
Yeah, that's disability. Like what Easiest to do like when you are working 50, 70 hours a week just to make a bare minimum amount of stuff. Like you know how many to survive time to put into evidence. You nice and better just like,
you know, barely making it, you know, the energy or the space to look beyond the immediate needs to environmental needs, our
unions and so like, you know,
what's
that?
Telling you what? Sure.
Okay.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. That's like regulations people real against having regulations, but it stops people from doing.
like reflective or the bioluminescent stuff?
Hi, I'm tina.
We'll
stop
the island.
Oh yeah, that's cool.
I thought that in costa rica, but I was expecting like blue. That's what I've always seen and read about videos and stuff. But in costa rica it was like yellow. Yeah. I was on the shore uh on the beach and, you know, stepping into the water to see this luminescence. I can only stand it for a few minutes because he was so dark and I was like staying in uh
completed a little uh place by myself
Um on like the 60 acre forest beach place. Um And I just got really scared because the she was so dark ahead of me and the fourth so dark behind me and like I've got to divide and
time.
Walking
around for us. Uh Yeah.
Sometimes I guess can be um Okay. I think well the most endangered I've ever felt was coming across another person in the woods. Um and he like stopped
me to to say that there are wild boars
in
the area and like pulled up his shirt to show his gun on his waist belt. I like my boots at the border and be around the man who just flashing his gun on the place. Yeah,
you need to take precautions against animals. No, there what to do if you base one where I came across a thank god giant like seven ft anaconda in Australia
and walking down to a lake. Yeah I just spluttered off. Really want the guys with us like dust and rocks and it just slithered off into the forest and but uh many places that you normally see.
That's right.
Booth.
I don't know what that's the reason I went got a PhD because when I graduated my Bachelor's in biology I like I got no you know what job I would get with this. So I was like well just continue going to school and but I guess not like now I know that with A. B. S. In biology even like become a lab technician and be the person doing medical experiments that have been planned out. Um Or you can like work as a uh lab, a clinical lab where you like received the samples that patients give to do whatever diagnostic test. Um I once I got my PhD I realized that the positions that are available to me now are much more like management and writing and you know stuff away from the physical experiments jewish and when they told me before I did that that's not really what I wanted to do. I wanted to do the experience. Yeah
wow.
Well what you look for. Yeah you should look at like the university like whatever closest research university um is there and look for positions that are like research technician. Uh Those you don't need any kind of experiment, you can just go into a lab and they'll train you on what they need done and you just do that over and over every day. Um
Or like if there's any biotech companies around, they also need technicians. Um what else can I like PS two. Yeah. Yeah I just look for a research technician position. Academic labs. Not so much but in like a research company they pay really well much better than than when I was getting as
student. We had a bunch of people who had worked as research technicians come and then you know come into the PhD program and they talked about how much of a terrible picture it was. So. Yes you gotta give him that.
Yeah I guess my my answer is mortgage. People who do like molecular biology I guess for like um Environmental
biology there I know someone who worked as a ranger of national park or maybe it was a state park. Ah And he got to
like be there and control the flow of people so that it doesn't mess with the no uh
wildlife in the park. So um he got to like you know maintain that system that working at a national park or a state park. Uh huh. Would we go cool. I think that would be a cool job. All they're going to wonder
I guess most departure closed, you're probably not hiring you know? But
when I know what that is. Right.
mm.
what? Mhm.
I think I'm seeing if it was gonna my counters as 29 so they really say
yeah good to talk to you
one
let's see. Okay Keep the conversation for 25 minutes
I guess. So it doesn't say I'm just gonna walk it out and see
what happened. All right,
bye.