Yeah
I'm doing good, you know just hanging out and shelling before school starts,
just hanging out before school starts
college. How are you?
I'm a sophomore this year. Mhm.
Oh um I'm studying
astrophysics.
Yeah it's uh
not a lot of people in a, how about you? What's your what did you study?
No.
just mostly doing like based online
and the asynchronous, so like we'll just walk prerecorded lectures and then do work. Mhm.
starts in uh
a little less than two weeks so I'm just sort of getting everything together. My teachers are scrambling to like put online plans together, so we haven't heard a thing from them yet.
It is it's been
creased,
it's been pretty surreal. Mhm.
Oh I'm from around boston,
how are you?
it's
I'm it's about half an hour an hour and a half away from my hometown. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty close. It's nice because if I don't need anything from home, I can just go there for the weekend, but it's too far
away from my parents to just drop
What
do
you?
Well, mostly I do like as a hobby, I do digital art, do it as a job sometimes to turn some side money.
Uh What do you do you have any other, any hobbies?
you uh like havoc it, or do you work with kids, or?
Oh, that's all,
I can
certainly
imagine.
Yeah, I've got a couple of very gig and stuff. Uh must, and I'm like, most of time I just get referred to by referred from friends and artists and have a lot of
art major funds uh which I would love to do, but I'm a lot better at mouth and stuff, whole year stems
a little bit more lucrative.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually read that a lot of astrophysics this majors uh tend to go work in like uh
finance, It's definitely that. Mhm.
extraordinary.
Used to be in high school, I was kind of, I was that all the diversities like swim team in cross country and track now, I've kind of and I'm trying to get back into moving and exercising more, but it's really easy to just seclude myself at home. Mhm.
if you want to work in like research, uh you definitely need a PhD otherwise you're just going to be uh like a lab
assistant or something, but if you're but Australia is also pretty computer science heavy, so if you just, if you want to, you know take the degree and use it for like a math and computer science field, uh you know, masters is probably find or if you're like um it depends like if you're going on to teach and stuff like that, you don't need a, I like teaching like museums or high schools and stuff. I've seen people who just get like their masters. Uh I don't and then there's like a some people just get like a bachelors of arts who are doing like scientific illustration or like uh I've seen people use it for Like video game design, three d. modeling, special effects kind of thing. Mm.
wow. My ideal dream world, wow, I become an
astronaut but that's very very very unlikely. It's
very rare.
that was
before
we're here at night to be great. I'd love to go into research.
Mhm,
And
what do you do for work if you don't mind me asking?
I think it's far.
Yeah, I it's also pretty
Um like my mom uh went back
to college in
her 40's and just wanted to, she was an interpreter for the deaf and then she went and finished her communications major anything, but she just wanted to like keep going to school and get a business degree and stuff like that because it's it's really fun to learn things. Mhm.
Oh yeah and my my aunt is deaf, so I grew up like signing before I could speak, but like like basic stuff like uh you know eat or like uh like this is a sign for help. Um and this is the kids
signed for going to the bathroom are like fish. So I learned a lot of little basics before I could speak and uh I know some stuff, I'm not fluent but I could like have a conversation.
Um I would, I would love to be
bilingual
I think so, I think would be the easiest for me to Continue Learning This one. Um but also I've learned a little bit of french and spanish and japanese and german and I kind of a decisive
because I don't, they also have a lot of appeal I guess, but that's a
and
Oh no, I did a french camp in Canada and that's really the only time I've been out of the country, I would love to like explore
more.
mom was born in Jamaica. I'd love to go there someday. I know I don't look Jamaican at all.
And
yeah, I'm half black.
genetics are pretty weird.
My
brother at the genetics are pretty weird. Okay my brother looks a lot more like it than I do. How about you, have you traveled around anymore? Yeah.
On, I love a lot of europe uh love the idea of a lot of europe all, so it would be cool to, you know maybe do a, spent a good
couple weeks there and just hit a bunch of countries especially France because I know some french
heard Spain
is like really pretty and uh huh
I would also love to visit. Uh so like there's
a bunch of
countries that I would uh like Jamaica for example has some unrest right now. There's a lot of countries
I would love to visit
but my are like difficult, like I love a lot of african like foods and
cultures and uh and so I would love to visit a like certain asian countries to like japan china. Uh I had a Vietnamese teacher actually and she would like make us Vietnamese food which
is very good.
good.
I was swimming for sure. Running is really fun and I love the sort of like getting out there and just being alone with my thoughts for a bit I guess. But swimming is a lot better on the body like it doesn't do you get the pounding of like your joints and stuff like that? Uh Why
swimming like a lot of older people differently because it's, you know, so doesn't hurt the giants. It's a lot easier way to do move around. And also I just love being in the water and that would film and stuff like that. Unfortunately I live up in frigid massachusetts.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's
well we were
one of the first states to be like hit real hard and the timing is everything closing down really early. Like a lot of uh like all the colleges putting a flat down early March, I got sent home, it's a lot better now. We're sort of starting reopening. A lot of schools are going to, A lot of like young K through 12 are going to be online, a lot of colleges like Harvard are going to be online for most of the students for the entire next year. Uh So
we're like taking all the precautions but it's it's definitely like dying down here so hopefully we can continue that. Another a lot of travel restrictions we have right now because of other states are now ramping off.
I can imagine. It must be nice to
be home with your kids though.
I can see that after especially after like five months of trying to entertain a little kid, it must be hard.
Oh yeah, most of my family lives in florida and Georgia which are not
doing well right now and I've got uh pretty rural Georgia is a lot of people who don't really believe in the hole pandemic. Uh
my little cousin who's eight or so now it was at like sent away to like sleep away camp or not simple like day camp where you come back. Uh he caught it there and the whole camp got shut down and my heart to stay at home. Right mom.
So I don't know why they send them off, but he got it there and self isolated. They live with my grandparents. So it's been we're pretty thankful they didn't catch it. They're like 90
and Barbara.
That's bizarre.
Yeah. And that that's real Okay. The last person I caught feel on here, I've done this one like this is my second time doing this kind of study. I talked to someone from florida and who had like actually caught it and was having some complications that may or may not go in a couple of months. So I'm thankful that I have not gone it yet. I'm pretty young
but you know you never know.
Yeah boston's pretty good for that. But um so I've heard with a lot of the bigger cities like you know Houston boston especially that people in rural areas uh you know the hospitals are just being overwhelmed so they're being felt like hours away. Okay. You know these bigger cities uh So you know that's a really good I won like looking into donating blood and plasma and stuff like that and with I'm like a B negative so my blood doesn't matter but my plasma is like all
and yeah pretty much.
that's
best for our blood donations so. Okay.
Well that's good. Yeah there's so much like ways to get things delivered. Like we get groceries delivered and stuff so you know, so my parents haven't driven their cars and like months. Mm
Well
talking
to you too.
One
more years.
Thank
you. And
uh yeah but uh thank you for the advice and I hope you know you and your you know family stay safe during this and things go back to normal as soon as they can.
You to the coughing