you're back lou You hear me okay?
How are you?
I'm sorry.
Okay. You're in uh are you college high school?
Okay. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm I'm graduated long ago. What you are you
you don't mind me asking where are you studying?
Is the
Oh, wow, okay. That's uh interesting. Major to get into.
Hi frank.
Uh huh. I studied finance and accounting. Yeah. Are you in are you, I assume not in school, like in actual on campus?
It's yeah. And
and
So is your instances it's been a while since I've been in college, So this is starting the fall semester? All
Yeah.
It's a different world now.
We're
tired. And I
part of uh the country are you from?
Okay. So you
I'm in texas way too high here. So you is uh college the same area as your hometown, or is it is it did
you come up to boston? Yeah.
Same area.
All
You made the same decision I made when I went to school far enough so if I can I can go back home if I need to. But uh I guess close enough that I can get back, but far enough to where they don't come visit me every weekend or every chance they get. So good. Things haven't changed in the years that I've gotten out of college. So
what do
you
like to do outside of uh outside of do being on prolific? Uh huh.
Nice. I wish I had some art skills but that I'm in finance and accounting. I'm pretty rigid.
So well right now the hobby is keep a little kid alive. So that's about the extent of my hobbies in the last two years. So keeping little kids alive. Yeah.
No, no, I just had a have a two year old, so it's
been chaotic, so
I
see
it. Yeah. Are you are you big into anything other than digital art? You do, are you do digital art time, like on like fiber or just to make a little side money, you say? Yeah.
Other
What?
Uh Probably unless you're like super duper In the .01% that make one drawing to make $1 million, it's probably more lucrative to be uh astrophysicist than a uh a artist.
huh.
that makes sense. It's it's I assume it's very uh map oriented, so that
makes a little bit of sense. So uh so you are you into sports or you at all?
Once enjoy the time you have free time you have when you're in college, because once you get into working That time that you had from like 9-5 or whatever time you have, it's uh makes it difficult to move about and work and work out and be active, so enjoy it while you have it. So astrophysicist, you need to like uh masters or PhD to do something, we're pretty with it, or?
Good.
I know. What's your what's your ideal thing to do?
It's
so you
wanna be I wanna be like Mark rober? Yeah, worked
at
Nasa.
Okay, so that means you're going to do PhD up ph Okay.
Yeah, that's that's that's good of you. I I I went to college and I said, you know what I'm doing, I've done my four years, five years, I'm good with school in retrospect. I probably should have stayed in school a little bit longer because like I said you you don't you don't have as much free time
when you work as you do now is mean all
I worked in finance and accounting. I'm trying to make sure it's not so dark. I don't know like prolific is gonna be mad at me for changing spots in one second.
Oh there we go. This is even better. Okay. Okay. Yeah I worked in a in the finance department at an oil gas company so it's entertaining at times that it's not as fun as college was. So you I said it's all the all the people who are I guess my uh nieces and nephews enjoy time in school while you still have it because once you get into the real world you don't you don't get that free time as much anymore, at least I have a lot less free time. You still have a little bit. Yeah. Yeah
happened.
I
am.
I can see that I guess. I was impatient. Uh move around again on the whites lights. I don't know what's going on. All right, sorry. Um Yeah, it's it's better to be in school uh in in retrospect now that I have, I've experienced both sides of it. So, so yeah, I assure, you know, a little bit of hand sign. And did your mom teach you a little bit?
Second.
uh that's better than I think 90% of the population in the U. S. Yeah. We we learned I've learned a little bit because when we put our kid in daycare, he's learned a little bit of the e we learned a few of the other sign languages that okay, we we know bare minimum just because he's taught us because the school has taught us. So yeah, that's, that's interesting. Do you plan on keeping it up or do you, have you lost a lot of it by not using utilizing it
advances
in my window?
Honestly.
The
more language you learn better, I mean, at least being fluent can't just no, no, a few words that doesn't really help you all that much. If you're fluent in in multiple languages, it helps just because you can travel the world and not have to rely on someone to be your translator for the entire trip. Um, have you, have you done a lot of traveling in your short time?
I'm
not. Uh
Are
you jamaican?
Okay. Okay, wow, that shocked me. I didn't, I didn't expect you to say that. Okay,
I'm
sorry.
when I up till like I guess I was 18 before I got out and got out of school, I think the only place I stayed in was I stayed in the south, so I went, I was in Texas, I grew up in Texas, we went to Mexico, uh went up to Kentucky to visit my grandparents. But other than that, no overseas trips, but in the last 56 years we we've done a few trips um we went on our honeymoon to Greece and Italy which was which is interesting. Uh we went to Hong kong um to visit my side of the family and then we went to Vietnam to visit my wife's side of the family. So I've gotten a lot of the international trips in the last five years. But prior to that uh I think it was, well I guess I'm thinking back like I went to Canada for work, I went to France for work. Uh I went to Mexico for work. So that's the extent of my international travel. I mean it's it's a lot it's a lot but primarily it was work related so other than the last five years for personal reasons. So what other countries do you would you like to visit besides Jamaica?
No.
All right
answer.
Absolutely.
Among
them.
And instagram
perspective
are
man.
Yeah Vietnamese food is very has a lot of french persuasion in it because France kind of help Vietnam for a little while or at least invaded and got their culture into into Vietnam. So there's a lot of, a lot of uh influence. Yeah, french influence in Vietnamese food. So at least that it's always, that's what my wife has told me. And I mean I kind of see it because they they're they're very big on the gets, so I'm like, okay. Yes, that makes sense. Uh Yeah, so you said you were in swimming and track and running across the country and all that. Okay. Did
you like what you like more swimming or running?
President.
It's, you know, I contemplate like it's great that I live in Houston and texas and it's hot, but it's so hot, you don't want to be outside, so you don't really want to be in the water either. So you have to find that middle ground somewhere between massachusetts and texas where it's like it's not so hot that you don't want to be outside, but it's not so cold, like where you are, where you don't want to be outside either. Yeah.
Yes, but yeah, I think I'm not, I'm not a swimmer, so my wife and I, well, we were she runners until I told my A. C. L. Uh um but my wife is a avid runner now, so she she actually signed up for, she qualified for the boston marathon um and she was going to go until, you know, all this craziness is happening, so we kind of postpone that for a little bit and figure out what happens. Um how is how is coronavirus up in, I guess the massachusetts area? Oh,
great.
I know,
Okay.
yep. Well, we're one of texas is one of them. Uh the it's, I don't know, you know, I look at the stats on like how the daily trend is going. Uh I mean it looks like we peaked about three or four weeks ago, but we're still really high compared to where we were three or four months ago, so um I think we're gonna be stuck in isolation for for a good while. Um My job has kept me at home since March, so I haven't stepped foot in my office in five months and I don't think they're allowing us to get back until october at the very earliest. So it's a it's a very weird time that we're in. So
However
um you know the funny thing is uh it's nice when you're not working because you're working, you can't like hey you got to do this and he's used less than two, so you got to entertain them, where else he's gonna get in trouble or hurt themselves so that guys. But it's also you can't, you can't work. So you have to have like crazy schedule of work For 3, 4 hours. My wife works for three. What takes care of them. Then you switch off and then you work in the middle of night because he's asleep. So it was a really hard time. But we actually put him in daycare. Uh, because when we want him to have some interaction with people other than us. Um Because I think it helps the development. Uh, but then it also, it's a two to benefit is we get to work. Um, Well, my wife is now in the office, but we get to work and not have distractions. That was that's one of the big benefits and that. Yeah,
Yeah. We we actually only had him home for maybe three or four weeks. Um and that's because two of the teachers caught COVID. All right. And we were we were I self isolating for those two weeks for each time. Uh luckily luckily or unluckily we have not had it. Uh But this, wait, you know anyone who's who's had the virus
open?
Yeah.
okay,
Yeah, that's
yeah, it's pretty crazy. Like, I mean, I think I know like, well the two besides the two um teachers for daycare who got it. Our neighbor caught it, but her husband and kids didn't get it. We're like, where did you go? You didn't go anywhere without them. So it's like really weird that she got it and our kids didn't go, kid didn't get it, her cousin didn't get it. And we're like who? How did that even happen? So that was a little weird. Uh
My wife's coworker got it. Uh few people on facebook. I know God. And maybe because we're from texas now that it's blown up here, that I know quite a few people that haven't gotten it, but crazy how uh widespread it is. But luckily for all the people that I know that they got it and I didn't really have any symptoms or have any issues other than maybe I think like a cough. So
pardon?
Yeah. No, for sure. I'm not I'm not in the high risk yet, but I still like, you know, you want I want to get it just to get developed the antibodies because I've been donating blood since since they've led us. Um and it's better if someone who's gotten it and gotten over it to give like plasma and blood and all that to be able to do that because I guess it helps people who I mean I live in Houston so it's a pretty big health care community there. So I think there's a lot of people that are being sent here from other places because of how how good the Houston medical community community is here. Then boston has the same thing at least from what I understand. That's a good healthcare ready.
Hold it right.
I guess that's the that's a good one. I think I'm just the africa one I think I'm a place so it's like whatever
everyone.
But it's also I mean for for here you don't get blood you get I guess the antibody tests as well. So kind of this double benefit again for me, I get to donate blood helps other people. But I also find out if I've gotten anything but based on how I I uh I live living in my house and I don't really go anywhere else other than my house. So I left, my wife catches it and gives it to me where my kid catches it and gives it to me. I'm pretty much not going to be able to get it at all um by my own foolish in anyway so.
I think my car I think it had like 74,000 miles on it at one point like in March. I think I'm at 74-04-0 maybe in the last five months, I'm just 50 miles. Which That is what I do in 43 or four days normally, so it's a bit strange. Um. Uh huh. Uh Anyway I think we we've had uh
so it was it was good talking to you. Uh Good
luck
in your astrophysics. It's gonna be assuming it's gonna be a long road for you so. Mhm.
Eat
your time. Like I said, enjoy your time in school while you still have it work will always be there as long as you want to work. Um So like that's my only advice for all college kids and enjoy it. Don't enjoy too much.
You'll
never you'll never get it. No, never graduate. But
Ages. Have a good one. I appreciate it. It's good talking to you.
Okay, see you later.