Mhm, mm. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, what we're doing is people mhm Well yeah. No. Mhm Yeah mhm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay.
Hi.
I'm good, How are you?
that works.
Shirl in high
uh Cincinnati Ohio
Yeah, this is the first time that I've done it. This
is the first one that
I saw.
gen.
It's, it finally cooled down today. It's not it's not 80°,, it was 50 day, which was really nice. No.
Yeah, it's
call
it
off. We have the
old
midwest weather where if you don't like it, wait five minutes. Yeah.
Well
it's
gonna be a mess. It is, it's going to be a mess. I'm I'm I'm actually moving the day after Election Day, so it's like I'm gonna be spending all that time before like packing everything. But like yes that's gonna be hilarious. Well that was just how it worked out was like when the violence is up here and you know when everything worked out. But it's like the early voting here is around the corner from there. And so it's like I know where it is and so it's like I'm gonna because it's like I do not trust the mail in system. It's like, you know, it's like
I trust a mailing system. I do not trust the political climate of counting the mailing system
all
Like it's
like I trust
the
mail. I do not trust everything
going on right
now.
that's
what
that's what I'm doing.
Go
that's
good thing.
I believe it.
I
believe it.
She
doesn't.
Well,
Well
hopefully
as its hopefully there's enough time that people end up spreading out after the first day. So. Yeah.
I'm
glad we
better.
I
don't I don't know my mom actually works the polls here so she usually has the information. So I just asked her play
around
the corner from the polling place. It's like what is this place open?
What
this whole
thing
to be
I
think
our poll the polling places here are open until the day before election Day. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if they're open yet but I know they're open until like but I think they're open until like the day before election Day. They just closed they just close earlier that day so they can get all machines packed and they need
to go.
I
know for a fact, the fourth is Wednesday, so I know that's the damn moving.
Yeah, that's the first would be sunday. Yeah, yeah,
I know, I know voting here goes through the goes through the second, that's why I haven't been in quite a hurry because like you know, I know that I
still have like another 2.5 weeks. Yeah,
I
know
there's
time but yeah
and
it's
just talk for the whole time.
Reach
yeah
I was
like
I
was reading an article the other day about how um you know the sort of the political divide has widened over the last several years, it's like people might, or like it's already been divided our whole lives, like we have no notion of things not being like so polarized that nothing can function.
I mean
just because you vote and it's supposed to count doesn't mean he's got on in this political climate, but you might as well try
you
know,
it's better
to try and for a non stick out and you know, not to try
because
you're
feeling
for a lot
of
under
Yeah, I'm
like, yeah, we have a lot of local things like are we have, we have like one of the most conservative sheriffs in the entire country, it's like audience with trump. So you know, it's like if, you know, it's like if if enough people voted him out, he could probably eventually be voted out someday, but no.
Yeah. Really? Where, you
know,
you have a complication for something because
that moves you a lot quicker?
it's a mess.
Hang on,
actually
having one of my uh my computer is about to die. I'll be back to uh
keep talking to their conversation counts.
I got
it.
I got
it.
Fuckin back. Yeah.
But wait, I
don't
know. I
don't have explained that all back in one second. Thanks. That like
her husband
a whole bunch of computer issues because like my computer actually my laptop actually died last week Rachel.
Let me say this pleasant, there was out. Silver awesome. Should have plugged
that
I have a nice little precarious set up here.
yeah. Okay. Let me make sure this computer is charging. There we are. But yeah, so I'm also a musician, so,
and
big hippie peace background. I'm in my walking
recording
space.
It's like
I
have
small thing set up for like live streaming and recording and doing a bunch of other stuff. So it's like, I have a guitar and banjo in here, have all my harmonicas in here.
So like, this is like sort of my classic background for everything I do.
So
like
livestream show and like, I've had this for like 10 years, I've had this since college. And so like when I was in college, my um my room, my 2nd and 3rd years had like a sloped ceiling above my bed, so I was like hung this and so like this has been in the background of like every music thing I've ever put up. So
like, I believe the
Youtube
videos,
it's
hard.
Yeah, I love it. It's great. But yeah, so like I was like, you know, I had a whole giant space. It's designed for doing videos with good lighting. Let's just use that.
I think it was six I saw.
50
times.
I
just,
I just found,
I just found prolific like
month,
you know, like I've been on a bunch of the other ones for, for like, I've been doing surveys on and off for like several years. My mom has
been doing
it.
I've,
I haven't,
I
haven't do.
Yeah. I think last month I started on the ninth, I think I ended up with $50 just last month. Like because
it looks
like
when I'm sitting
here music, so I could just leave it open and be like doing nothing, nothing.
Yeah. Well, it's like, you know, if I can sit and collect buttons for a minute, I'm getting to $2. It's worth it.
I've messed around with a bunch of them for a long time. Like I I've ended up giving up on a bunch of because I do deliver driving for all the different apps like door dash grubhub. Like
I've
been just for three years,
door to finally got mad. I was like you're taking too long to do things but like you know so but like that is, you know, it's like because the music was going smoke and I was like you know what, I need to just do something else. And so like well and during the beginning of the pandemic and the shutdown, it was amazing because everyone was ordering food. I was like I was working a ton of ours but it's like I'm making twice as much as like normally I'm like, what? You are ours now.
So
it's like,
I'm
just going
to work on my hours now and then when it slows down and the end of the summer, I'll just, you know, focus on other things because I'm not making as much.
no,
it's
been great.
Well, next
I got really lucky because I got I got on the first one, right as it started in this area, like three weeks after it started at the point where you have a pulse in the car, you're good. Like I say, I started driving within 45 minutes. When I first heard about it, I drove down to the office, I picked up my stuff and I started working that and I started working within an hour because like, they had just started and they and they needed drivers and half of and like half of areas dead zones and like I've watched it over the last three years go from if you are you know, out of this one mile radius you get nothing to now. It's like you know everywhere you go, every single restaurant is on at least one if not two or three of the delivery things.
You
have the browser
extension
on good.
I found the browser extension after like weirdos like yeah, you know this does make life a lot easier. It just
makes
noise
and feels like
No.
Woo.
And
I'm not a heat person. It's like I love days, like days it's like it's nice enough because like once it gets below about 70, I can actually drive around with all the windows down and not have filled the air conditioning.
I
like
the others open, not dealing with air conditioning, it's great. Uh huh.
I can't
imagine.
waking
up as
of water.
You know?
Good.
there we go,
18
seconds,
I was on here before 10:00 so it might just be that there's a delay for a minute before they put us through. Like I was I think I was on here like 959 so they might just so that might
just be
I always
like
it was
like 20 seconds before it's like I'm now
I have
friend also
in Berlin, it was like the
person didn't show up on mine was like
well
you too right