Hi,
How are you today?
Okay. I'm, I'm trying to set my timer, have this habit of setting the timer so that will start us off.
Yeah. So my name is Razia.
Okay. Um, I'm in Wake Forest north Carolina.
Okay. So you're in the same time zone? Yeah. I had the last time I did the video chat, I spoke with someone in Wisconsin, so they were like an hour behind me.
No,
Well,
this is my second time. Um, I'm, I'm a little bit of a comedian, so I might have you laughing the majority
of the time, but let me see what can I, I mean, I don't even know what I talked about. I just was talking so much. I didn't even give the person a chance that we'll walk. So I told him I said, look, I have a, I have a gift for Gab. So at any time just throw your finger up. I'll shut up, let you talk. So how's the weather over the in Cincinnati?
Well, I think we were close to 80, I think it's
it's going to be
on
this.
we
can.
Well I'll tell you, I would love to have comfortable weather today being that for us in the state is the first day of early voting. We in turn uh had to endure. I didn't get a chance to because I went to a location where they're only going to be open on November three. So I have to try again. But I ran into a lady who said she had To get online at 11. a.m. And she was on a bus with me and it was Go on. It was quarter to six. She said she was just getting back and when she got
up run she said they were saying, oh you're not registered to vote. She was like, look, you better find my name
something.
nope,
Thank you. That's
another dilemma because that's
that's
another
delay.
The talent
you
are, you'd be better off if you have the time is to go in person because at least,
you
know,
yeah, if you know that you're, you know, you've got some time on like tomorrow I'm going to try again. But this time I'm the polls opened up at eight over here, I'm going to try to be there at least by seven. So if I'm not at the beginning, I'm not too far from the front because today was horrific. I saw that line. I look that's a I was like, uh and they said to bring a chair and pack a lunch. I
just thought that was just them saying it,
No, you really needed a chair
in lunch for real. I was like,
I refuse to do it. And when I say, I'm literally telling you that when I looked down to see where the end of the line was, I
was like,
no. I was like, oh no, no, no,
I
can't do that,
I can and I didn't have a chair. So I know I would have gave in within three hours the most, I probably would have been, my legs would have been shaking, so I was like, no, I can't do that, so we're going
to try
one more.
that's what I'm saying, like,
you
know,
hopefully tomorrow, I mean today was a madhouse. Even on the bus, they had to redirect the bus because it couldn't pull over because people were parked where the bus would pull in. I was like, you was in new york, you get a ticket for being in that bus stop, but down here they don't they don't enforce it like that, you know? So I was like, oh my God, I said I got to make it, I got tomorrow, I gotta make it. So I said, well they're open on Saturdays. That's a good thing. I even saw where they're open on sunday. Do you have any polls that you know, it's open
on sunday?
I would
ask her
okay. I was like, if I can't get it and I said maybe I could when everybody go to church, maybe I can slip in and get a get a get a vote in, you know? But I can't prepare to do it today, but I was unsuccessful. So They said try try again, I'm gonna try tomorrow. That's
the only thing I can do is try tomorrow.
And
if that
what we got to the 31st of the month that's a good thing you
know
that
because
yeah to come I know for us is from the 15th until the 31st early voting. So I guess from I guess I don't even know when the first falls but I know that's
the day.
No the first one is the first.
that's when time goes back and that's probably why they probably just like you said monday come that's the second they're standing up to do the regular voting for the third.
No.
Well
I'm not
quite
honest
I don't want to straggle that long. I can't straggle that long. I really can't. So I mean I'm trying to remember was there anything in particular we were supposed to talk about or
we
just they just want to hear us the check.
Oh yeah well we've got 17 minutes ago so. But um let me see, what else can I tell you about myself? Well I don't look my age, that's for one, But I'm a grandma to 11 year old, so that would put me uh well I'm not, I'm not ashamed of my age at all, but come january 20th when they swear in the new president, I will be 60 years old, so I anticipate that day because that's always four years in that, I always be a new president is sworn in. I mean, although Obama, he got sworn in twice because my birthday fell on a sunday that day and so they swore him in on sunday, but they made it official On Monday, which was the 21st, so that was the first time in history that that had been done. So I was like kind of like, oh I got a special, a special birthday and then they took and put uh martin Luther king's birthday holiday on my birthday. I was like why did I go five days in
His birthday paths already? Why do you go five days in and come to the 20th? When you know that's the day that they swear in the president, why would you make that a legal holiday? I tell you sometimes I have to think about the government and how they're doing things. Uh
I mean I feel for my generations behind me because they are going to have a rough time, you know, it's not gonna be easy to um to how you say delegate through all of what will transpire, you
know
what
I'm saying?
thank you. Thank you. I mean you're one of the intelligent ones because most of them will be like um why should I vote? It ain't like vote on it is going to count like we need to vote because
it's your right
trying at least
put
in the effort as
critical
I
mean I feel for them because like I try to tell them, you know, you get out here and vote because what you're you're not only voted for the president, but
you're
voting
for
all
the things. Yeah, that it's gonna in fact, if if you don't do it or vote on it, it's gonna be it's going to go in the direction you might not want it to go
then.
I mean, you know, and see they don't understand that that that comes into play with the voting. You know, education comes into play with the voting, the judges come into play with the voting and that's what I try to break it down to them. I said what you need to do and you might just you find a lot that don't like to read. But I'm like, look, my younger generation, I don't care if you're turquoise, we need uh we're gonna need some definite leaders growing, growing the generation, we need them to grow up and and and go to school, get an education because not you're going to be slacking in the health care with the doctors and the nurses. Now you get sick or you get shot on. God forbid something happened there. You know, we already got a shortage of nurses. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing in the street that you're going to miss without just just go and vote, go to school, get an education. Even if you don't go and get a job right away, have that background, you know? Um My son, my baby boy, he is uh heat and air conditioner uh technician. Well right now he or he doesn't he installs in the new house is that they have or new apartments at the ability installs that those units in. And you know I'm telling you it was like taking a hammer and beating him in the head growing up. I was trying to get him to go to school um for whatever. I didn't care what it was. Just go get an education and um I told me I didn't have to be college but it needed to be in some kind of technical something, have a good background. If you're not going to do engineering, going to medical, if you're not going into medical, go into something that is going to be uh progress in life,
you
know
Something
And you know it took him I think. Let me see when he got when he had his first daughter at 30. Um That's when I think he woke up because then he went to school, he got a certification for the air conditioning, air conditioning. Then he had to go and take some kind of test for h back to whatever all that certificates of. Anyway, he went ahead and did it now, I must say I'm very proud of him because he's doing a damn thing. You know what I'm saying? The young person, 40, he's going to become next month, he'll be 41. So he had he started late because he could have been well off if he did it when I told him to. But of course, you know, I always used to tell him, oh I forgot you had me. I'm sorry because you know, it's always you've got a lot of kids that just don't want to listen to the parents. It's like, oh, the parents always, but we're doing it for a reason. Because what we want is you to, to progress quicker than what we did. And if you get it done and over with, I got some little young cousins over here, they got double degrees. I'm like, you know, it must be boring. That's what it must be boring. But they're double degrees, got them some good old jobs. They got some good jobs. And with the pandemic, I don't know when we're going to be over with this thing. I don't,
how is it over there? Where you at all, y'all
in
important.
I get your point.
Rest because we definitely need this money. So have you find that plug
And
I made sure I put minds in because I was like, oh my God,
I need
a rug. Oh, good. Yeah.
that saved the day for us.
I
mean,
what?
I will
go with him.
Yeah, I'm still here.
Well, I'm
glad. I'm glad it notified you.
I love how you got the background.
Of
Grammy.
I'm loving
it.
I'm loving
it
will
as well.
All right girl,
I'm loving it. I'm
loving
it. No,
I
like
it. I mean, that's
an awesome background though.
I
love it.
You know? No, I'm telling you. And once you get the hang of it now, I think we're allowed to do this like four times.
Oh well that's even better because this is my second goal. So for $17 and I think it's
50
cents. Yeah, they pay you in two days. So
I've
been with prolific
while
and
what
I
won't
even do anything else. It's only prolific. I've
been with them over here.
I've got
$505
in Euro. So that's like 600, almost $600 that I made with them.
I've
paid
electric
bills.
Yes. Yes. And it's like, it's not like 25 cents, I've come across $3,
No, the cash out is, it's awesome. I have no complaints about prolific. I love them for life. I loved woman.
Oh yeah, I tried to get with that.
They
railing.
So
have
his
slow
down.
Yeah. I'm still going
to have
one.
They have, I've been on this, they've been doing a background check for like, I don't know how many weeks and I'm just, I'm done forgot about it. I've been with uh prolific, so I'm like,
you know?
Yeah. And I'm trying, I said maybe I'll go back on there after we get, we're done just to check it out. But I think so many people are doing it over here that even when I don't have a vehicle, but they're saying they could rent the vehicle Through it, you just Gotta hold it for a week and you've got to make, I think like 20 trips. I was like, I'm almost certain in a week I can do 20 trips, you know, So I was going for the door dash and all of that as well as a pickup, you know, But I don't know, it's just been slow every on everything. So I've just been like, you know what? I'm stick with my prolific because my prolific, it always keeps me, you know, I mean like I sit here sometime during the day and I'll just do nothing but surveys and I was like it, if you've got to be on a computer, why not be on and make money, you know
like
be
positive.
be positive about the thing, you know.
it does.
I
have
trump change that. You know, it's I mean like look, I usually usually cash out When I get 25 so I cash out, put it in my account. I've been putting a little money to the side because I'm saving up for down deposit because my 60th birthday, I am going to buy me a new vehicle. So I've always had a used vehicle. That's
my goal for my birthday. So every time I get prolific I take 10 of those hours and I put it in my savings account, I got $150 in my account from
just doing just and I mean it's slow but it's an increase for what I have to what I didn't have, you know what I'm saying is so It beats it. We got three minutes and 20 foster camp. Although I'm having a great conversation, I'm not rushing it. But like the last time I think I over talked I'll talk to her. She was and she told me she's like the knee baby so everybody would be talking and she just sit back and be like okay you know she agreed with me, okay.
So I kind of like took over and I had her laughing the whole time. So when I did the survey afterwards it was funny how it was saying you know and I was like well I think I might have over talked a little bit too much but I was being honest I had a great crime. Um I find this is a good way to, you know, because I asked you would you want to do the survey again with that same purpose of course. Because you meet people from all over and like today was nice and sunny and warm, but it wasn't, it was too warm for me. Normally I walk a lot so that sun was beating down hard today. I like walking nowhere. I ain't going nowhere.
Exactly. I don't
even like 4th
air.
right now where I live at, it's a lot of old people do you know who got the heat going already? I was
like,
I'm not turning that heat and I said, I'll be waking up in a puddle of water. Like I can't,
I can't
do it.
Look, I wouldn't, you would think I was in a swimming pool though. I had a waterbed and do either. But that's how much I think as you get older women get older, you know, we go through this faith and that menopause
and oh my God, you have yet to indulge that. But I don't wish it on nobody. I'll put it to you like that. I don't wish that on nobody. And I'm sure your mom could relate to me very well On that because it's not a good thing. So a lot of my, it has to be almost like 19° and it's freezing in here. You know what I'm saying? So what I do is I put the heat on when it's that cold just to get the chill off. But then I cut it off because I me and he is not my hair in the summer time is like it loves humidity and it's like you would think somebody, I stuck my finger in a plug because it's like my hairs all over my head. So the winter time is when I can actually wash it and press
it and have it down, you know? But normally put this button up here and call her today because I'm like, I don't even like doing it. But look where we at, we've talked each other. Let me see, I'm trying to get it a day ago.
So
we're
on the countdown of of our nice conversation and I really, really appreciate that you come on. I was saying, I hope my my chat partner comes on. I try to wait just maybe a minute or so after 10 o'clock just to make sure they're on.
That's
what they tell you. Yeah. They tell you though that try to click right 1 10 o'clock because it's
like
you
dumb.
Well we're done and it was a great time and I'm so glad that you got to earn as well as I did and
stick with prolific
and
I'm
and
they make some beautiful music. I would love to say, Oh I I talked to her, I talked to her. Have a good one.