Hi there and move away. Hold
on. I'm good. How are you?
Good. I got a couple of dogs running crazy right by me. But uh have you done one of these before?
So this would be my second and uh I guess first of all, my name is Cameron,
and
I'm in North Dakota. Hey, David, good to meet you.
Where are
you
at? Oh, yeah. What part of colorado?
Okay. I used to live in uh assault right outside asking there. Mhm. I was a ski bum. Yeah,
I went there.
Yeah, it's
a different culture. I like it. There total different culture there. Um everything was done on a barter system, which I thought was deep and then um, hitchhiking was okay all through the Afghan Valley. People were hitchhiking. I'm like, I guess we pick them up, you know, close. So that was, I mean, it was neat, neat experience. How do you like the All right, okay.
Yeah. It's a little different. Yeah.
Do
I
it
kind of depends on who you talk to. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm up here and just read everywhere. Everything
is read here. It's the and I'm not I mean I don't know what
you are, but I'm not. So it makes it really kind of difficult because I work in insurance and so I deal with a lot of farmers and uh these guys come in and again, you know, if you like trump you like trump. But these guys come and sit across from me and be like, you know, everybody hates trump. And I'm like why is that? Because he's doing an awesome job? And I'm like, yeah, yeah. You know, so of course to play the game, I'm always like, yeah, you're doing amazing. I mean, what a great guy. You know? And uh of course I have to wash my mouth out after that, but you know that, I don't care, I mean everybody's entitled to their opinion, I guess, right? So um and I don't have to understand
there is right? What?
yeah, just got to shake your head, shake your head and brush it off, right, um That's kind of what I do, I I, you know, part of me, I have one of these uh have a sense of humor where I am only I'm fine if I just make myself laugh, I don't care if they're laughing, but they're laughing if it amuses me, I'm good for it, so I can kind of be cynical when I talked to him and and that gives me through it, I guess, you know? Um But yeah, that's, I mean, so North Dakota rural area and it's uh I've been North Dakota pretty much my whole life, but yeah, it's it, I've lived in bismarck from that and so now I'm in Jamestown, which is About 15,000 people and I don't drink the water there because quite frankly they're weird, I mean let's put down, you know, a lot of nice people, they are just not right in the head, so time forgot that place. Yeah.
yeah, yeah, yeah, especially when you see it brown coming out the tap, you know, I mean, yuck, I just can't and you know, that was like that for years, wasn't it? I mean just sad.
I
mean,
I mean, okay, it's not like michigan has that big of a surplus of funds to take care of
the people, I mean they're kind of broke state anyway, so that's unfortunate, you know, But
I guess maybe we'll get manufacturing back.
Who you are?
Yeah. Um It was good. I mean, it kind of flew by really, to be honest. I yesterday was thursday and I was like, whoa, what happened here? You know? So that means what that means is I got a lot of stuff to do next week and yeah, I mean that's all right. So it kind of it is what it is. It's kind of one of those jobs where you want to be on top of things, but it's okay if you're not, you know? So um for the most part I try to be, but I'm human, just like everybody else except for these two dogs right here. Uh huh.
Well, I got a little chihuahua and then he's got a friend over here, come here, Frankie, it's my guy, it's my buddy. And then uh this is Rosco, here's pal so there every now little bit of a playdate but really what it is it's called wrestling and inviting each other's legs. But yeah, I got Frankie when he was about
uh how old was he? He was eight weeks old, so he's two now and yeah it's just been him and I for a while you know I had uh I had an ex wife, I have a daughter that just graduated high school starting college and so it's my family now, you know?
So.
And this guy, he's addicted retreats more than anything if you take some sweet potato wrap it and duck meat, he's he'll go creates like crack to this guy you know? But he's
boy, he's done,
how is
he? They're cute
dogs and
they
definitely
have a personality.
Yeah, I definitely do.
Yeah, so they like it, it
good choice for them.
Good, good,
good friend of mine had one and she let me watch them a lot. And uh yeah, I fell in love with that dog, I mean he was just a sweetheart spoiled but a scooter.
it's
Right. Yeah. You said my mom, my mom, she's like, don't like me, don't like me, I'm like calm down dog because they, do you know, she thinks it just grows when I kiss him, you know, I'm like, well he's my he's my boy, you know? So yeah, it's he's been, it's just I take him to work with me every day. So yeah, I worked together all the time. Yeah, he just hangs out under my desk and he's turned into kind of like in an office staple if you will people come by and like they'll bring him treats and stuff like that, it's good because he's a great product
or
Okay, okay, great. Especially this one, yeah,
and then I don't have to buy treat so that's good.
No.
what's to be, what's the harm,
you know, if
they're at home, you know, they're at home can be just finding an office and he is I mean he's he's you know, and it's great because you know, I take little breaks every so often just take him around the block and so I get out a little bit of fresh air and then but the other day there was a bit, we were walking through a neighborhood because we kind of just go around and look, this was a lunch break. So it was a little bit of a longer walk and come around a corner. Or actually when we were walking right down the side of the road and there are some bushes and then there was a big beast of a pit bull, I mean his head like this, and he just came out from out of those bushes and he came after him and I picked him up and I had to block him with my arm and I remember I just looked at him and I pointed at him and I know you know, he started lunging at me and then he stopped so I knew he knew what english was, right. And I kept doing that, I kept going, I kept doing that. We got around the corner and we went down about a half a block and I'm like, all right. So I put him back down. Guess who comes around the other block, This dog, he's waiting for us again. So I had to pick them up and almost get hit by a car just to, you know, evade him. And I'm like, that was a day where all the blood rushed to my hands and I went back to the office and I was like, I think I'm gonna pass out. No, that would have ruined by weak, you know? Well, we survived
it again, you know? So
what
do you do for
fun,
David?
yeah,
No.
so
you're, you're
deep
in
it and then you're like, I better do this. I don't
need, Yeah.
No.
No, sure.
No, it's fine. Right. Uh, my folks, they used to always we always live in the same town. I mean since forever and then my sister, she moved to Kansas city, got married, had a family and stuff like that. And so this last year they finally moved out there and so now I mean I got this like child abandoned type syndrome now, like I'm kind of bitter, right? These are my parents and they went to the picture
because they obviously like or better and uh but yeah I just it bums me out because now literally like this is my family and so um yeah it's a bummer, I don't know how to deal with it I guess, you know because it's always just been us, you know, we don't have like a big family and stuff like that. We were I came over to the U. S. As a baby, we were refugees from the kurdish part of Iraq. And so like literally we came over here just us and then my sister was born here but it was just us. And so I don't know how to deal with this. You know what I mean? Like what do I do right now? So and then in the town that I moved to I don't really know anybody. I I'm not a drinker and stuff so I don't go to bars. I don't meet people. You know everybody in that town has insurance at the office. So I guess you know that's why I like he's such an important part in my life because I didn't have him I lose my mind you know? And yeah I wish he understood english so we knew that.
No
no.
Yeah and these people want
they're willing
to go to war over. Yeah.
probably I call politics now so I always said and this happened, I actually ran for House like a long
long time ago, I got I got my butt kicked, but I figure uh bucket list item and I figure now I can complain more than anybody else
because
you know,
you know what people are like well
if you're gonna complain to make sure you vote, I'm like well yeah, how about you, make sure you run for office and try to do something about it, you know? Um But the thing is I saw a lot when I when I ran for office I saw a lot of behind the scene stuff and granted it was only at the state level, but I can about imagine what it's like federal level. And so when you watch c span like a session at the Senate right watching these before standing up. And it reminds me of remember like W. W. E. W. W. F. All that stuff. It reminds me of that, right? So you got the bad guys over here and the good guys over here and there. Yeah. It's just it's it's P. W. E. For a clown. An adult crowd accepts for the last four years. It's not been for an adult crowd. All
I don't
think.
No.
No.
It's been pretty sad. Yeah. And and the fact that people, I mean, and so that's where I have a problem with like people that are like drop. But I'm like okay that's fine. You like the guy, you like the guy. But on the flip side like he's mean, I mean he does not care about anybody but himself. You know, he he's making decisions for this country, a nation, he's supposed to he was elected to lead. He's making decisions for his own, doesn't care about anybody else to say about this virus, right? To say it is what it is when we're almost leading the world in like cases come on buddy and to say and use the excuse to use the excuse that well we're just doing more testing. That doesn't mean that means we're just finding more. I mean that doesn't mean that I don't know. He dropped the ball, he dropped the ball big time. And and
if I lost a family member to it, I
would blame you. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean
it's
not
I
mean.
And improving the White house. You know what I mean? The thing and that you bring up a good point there because he says stupid things like that daily and it's getting worse and worse and worse. Obama wore a tan suit to a press conference once and they were up in arms. You remember that? I'm like, he works hands
this guy just called john McCain a loser for getting caught, you know? Oh,
and tortured
mind you for his freedom, you know?
No.
yeah,
yeah,
Just to shut him up.
Yeah. Well, and, and you know, to top that off, right. I mean, I mean, let's face it, like I could make up a story about donald trump and make it go viral. How
would he respond to that? You know, I mean, I just uh I can't stand the bully mentality. I just don't like it. You know, he's actually a pretty bad dude and I think, you know, it's funny he's making this big deal about all this mail in voting and how it's so against what that's telling me. I'm a kind of person that reads between lines and I might be wrong, but this is I have a strong hunch and usually my 6th sense is pretty good. Um You know, there's all that Russia collusion thing from the previous election and they didn't do a lot of mail in voting, then, you know, they use the machines and we all know that computers can do a lot of stuff with the right people running the machine. And uh if their mail in votes, it's on paper, there's less chance for a computer program being able to skew numbers.
Did he cheat? Did he cheat last time? And he's worried about you if he wins this election? Because I know many republicans are going the other way. I mean, he's not going to win. He just, if he wins you and I both know, because we had this conversation, he's cheating, you know, and if he doesn't leave the White House, like I hope they hang them.
No.
Yeah. Or lighting the truck on fire.
Good.
Yeah, exactly. That's what's true. I mean, the thing is it's uh I don't know and you know, like the birther thing and all of that. Like if he goes back and thinks about it for a second, this is the United States of America. If they don't have a very good vetting system for people, they're going to run for office and you don't trust that vetting system. Even after you've been President of the United States, there's a problem with you mentally. I mean, there's issues there, and I mean, come on, that is like the least patriotic thing anybody could be. And I'm not saying I'm a patriot, but my God, man, just be chill. You know, I I don't know, you can give me going on this for hours, you know?
I
what
I hope.
Yeah, that's just it. He wants to be homecoming king all the time. You know, he doesn't want to lose an election. That's a that's losing a popular popularity contest. Pretty sure he wasn't a popular kid, pretty sure that, you know,
so needs therapy or what and the orange hair with a comb over, that's what he's got going and and if he thinks that looks good, so be it. You know, you're saying things like the White House is a dump because what he wants people to think is that he's such a rich man, you know, But there's a reason why you don't want people to see his tax returns. You know, he's just acting the part and that's you know how they say some people are all like house rich but like food poor. I could see him being like that. I'm sure he's got money. I mean he definitely has money but not as much as he says he has. You know, he wants people to think he's a billionaire and I don't think he is
and that's
okay if you, you know. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean yeah, he can uh I mean he can just fall off the face the earth for all I care. He should go back to Russia because he's a Russian now. Yeah. Did he? Why this didn't make a bigger news story? But he called china and said can you guys help me with this election? He called china the United States election.
right. I'm like
the guy that we accused of cheating.
Okay. Mhm. Well, I'm glad you noticed that too. I just felt like I was the only one that was sitting here going crazy about all this stuff and I tried
to distance
myself from politics, but I can't anymore. Not when it's like this bad, you know,
it's bad.
Yeah. I mean, you can't be in there to push your own agenda because you're an elected official, you know, that's fine for your business, when you're elected. You can't push your own agenda and you can't just decide that white men are the only people that hear about white redneck men, You know, nascar fans, you can't say that this is you're based and you're going to win because if that's your base, that's only a fraction of the population in this country, which is bragging ever since
I was a kid, This country's bragged about being a melting pot, you know, except when this guy comes in now we got like borderline fascism going on and he wants to be a dictator. It just doesn't make I mean like separating kids from parents, I mean these things are just heinous, right? And then Obama wore a tan suit. Yeah,
this
is nut.
They'll
be here.
I
heard
No you heard that, that was that way because he literally thought that this global pandemic, this is how veiny is was put together by bureaucrats to get him out of office. That's why he had the beginning, go in front of the media and act tough about it. Like it's no big deal
and this and that trying to stand up to them. He did not. I mean, what are you doing? These are people's lives, you know, I mean, we lost a lot of people so far. It's not fair, you know, it's not clear when
people have to visit their parents through a glass wall because you know, I mean, that's the last time I see him. That's horrible. You
know?
You
know it?
Yeah. Right. I mean, theater in the world and now we're laughing stock and that sucks, you know? Gotta wear Canadian T shirts now, eh?
Remember
this conversation
that day?
Yeah. I mean, it is what it is. I won't lose sleep over it.
well, great
meat. Hey man, get
back to your game, Get back to your game.