Who are you?
aren't too bad.
I have. This is actually the 4th one I've done so on.
I
needed
here
in
colorado.
Coral springs.
Hey,
that's a lot of people who lived in Colorado used to do so, you know, that's totally
understandable.
I think it's a pretty nice place. I've lived here most of my life, so, you know, a couple other states um Coral Springs is definitely different from the area you were in. But uh
uh yeah, it's uh the interesting thing to
me about colorado is it's a really purple state. You know, sometimes people say, well, it's red, blue, whatever, it's really purple. So um everyone's going to say, well it's shifting more, shifting more liberal
and it's like just sort of moves around. So I kind of like that
person.
Right.
But
people,
No.
What?
that's always I used to work in a call center type of job. And uh that was always a challenging thing was when somebody would start talking about something I totally couldn't relate to, but you know, I had to pretend, yes, I totally agree with you, 100% probably feeling the pain. Uh and then of course I finished the call them like man, where was I?
uh you know, there are places like that, so I haven't lived there personally, but what happened with flint ridge with their drinking supply really caught my attention because uh I know my parents in particular again because we're in Colorado Springs are like well why get bottled water? Well sometimes it's a good idea,
And they were saying that they were seeing indications of that they're probably thinking lifelong just in terms of how long it were drinking it that long, and I was like, wow! So yeah,
I'm
already thinking about down the road. I'm sure there will be lawsuits and all sorts of things and they won't go anywhere, but you know,
now.
But
maybe. But yeah.
So how's your week on?
So what kind of dogs do you have?
This is a job.
You
know, the thing I like about dogs because I've always been a dog person myself, they're always there for you as long as you feel, you know? Sure.
my parents
just got a couple of cavalier, so they've never had that breed before. They used to have shelters. So it's been a bit of a learning experience
for
the
thing
about
them.
They do.
Yeah. That's the interesting thing about toy breeds because again, uh, for the most part, they're very similar as far as the different habits have got and what not. And uh I know my parents were kind of leery about it, but it was kind of the thing that, you know, they're looking to get dogs and they were trying to get more shelters, but of course they were out of shelters and I was like, well, probably something new out, maybe it'll work out and they've definitely been the most personable dogs they've had and, you know, after multiple sets of dogs that they thought so, but
all right,
Absolutely.
I mean, the big thing that we were trying to do was, you know, they're getting up there in age, so we definitely want to make sure that they got a dog breed that was fairly, you know, down to earth and cavaliers. For the most part it might be a little overrated as far as how down to earth and you are, but there's definitely a lot better than Chelsea's were, so um Yeah.
that's one of the things my parents are trying to figure out is the dogs will jump on people and it's like, well, you know, first of all that they kind of realize if it seems to get them petted, then of course they're going to keep doing that behavior. Um And secondly, I mean they're small dogs, so you know, if they're
a big dog, you know, that that may be a bigger concern, but for the most part, if it's a little tiny dog, they're not trying to kill you, most people don't get upset about that too much.
and
you know, dogs will be more than happy whenever they get treats, so
yeah, that's
it's nice to have a job that gives you that flexibility. So I know I've got a who's brought in a dog before and and they
really got torn apart pretty much as far as you should have brought in. You know, office doesn't permit that, you know, this person by themselves in an office. So it's like, well, what
have
All
Absolutely.
I'm glad
you
didn't
have any issues
with that because I'm just live just so I do a couple of different things. So the biggest thing I'll play video games. Um So
actually it's a good thing, I almost forgot about this time. And
uh so I had to turn off my split stone. Uh you already
know this, but
for
the most
part.
So
that's a bad thing is I'll get really immersed into whatever I do for a hobby. But the other thing is I
I see my parents a lot, they live in town, so one of things, I'll do it again, I'm a dog person, so I definitely go to see my parents puppies and
what's wrong with them for a couple hours and it's funny you bring up the mentioning of of having the dogs licking it because my parents say the same thing about me, you know, they like that, I don't mind me right there, so
It
yeah, you know the hard thing I think with this uh you know, as we get more technology that people seem to have grown apart just in general, so, and again, going back to the point you raised, I mean if politics is a big divide, it may be kind of hard to find a common ground in in some cases because again, kyra sprain is totally red. So
my parents are definitely not conservative, so
they tend to be really careful about what they say could otherwise, you know, they might get the excommunicate or something, I don't know. So um
it's
definitely
See what I don't is why you can't just agree to disagree because to me that's where it's important to be able to discuss it because nobody is going to have the exactly opinions you and to be perfectly frank. They did it probably pretty boring too, so um but
cool.
Give
me
so
I
No,
no, no,
the adults have not been in Congress, so that's for sure.
Or the White House
I guess.
No.
you
So
that's
something
I worry about all the time, because again, my parents are associated with a number of folks who I'm a little bit concerned about, you know, their cleanliness standards, put it that way. So, you know, I keep worrying my parents are gonna come down on the case because they are old enough, You know, something that might be painful for me would, might be for them. So yeah, trust me, if that ever happened with my parents, I would not be a happy camper. So um yeah, to me, the biggest
thing
I trump the most is exactly what you just point out, He's really mean in uh what's amazing to me is he'll even be that way with supposedly his own party members. Um so one of the big ones that really caught my attention regardless of whether you liked him or not. But when he basically said that john McCain was a loser, you know, should have never been captured and things like that. You know, for most part, people here is something like that, you know, republicans in particular really like to say we're good about, you know, supporting veterans, etcetera. Nobody responded at all to something like that. I'm like, really,
But yeah.
But
other big
Yeah. Yeah, Again, that should have been the absolute,
there could have been worse cases I suppose, but that's pretty high up there as far as unacceptable behavior. And again, that's absolutely not behavior that somebody who's the highest office in the land has. Um, yeah,
one of the other things he did, going back to the president Obama example is he was a big part of that birther nonsense. I'm like okay,
so he ponied up the verse or two after he didn't have to bind you and trump
that and it's like, oh yeah, so I'm sure he traveled back in time because he knew he is going to be a president In order to the four is the fact that he is an American citizen. Oh.
absolutely.
Actually.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. You know it's interesting because somebody who just came out and it caught my attention was the ceo of crowdstrike. So of course obviously they do cyber security stuff and he said the most secure way you can
vote on paper because again, you know, short of somebody stealing your ballot. I mean you really
Yeah, sure that could happen. But, you know, you could do
a lot of similar things electronically, so.
For him, I think the biggest issue more than the fact he's a bully is that he's just got a monstrous ego. He always has to be the center of attention again, I think that's part reason why
he's running again, even though supposedly he hates the
job and you know, he's called the White House
You know, I couldn't stand to live there and all that. And but because he's always the number one guy, you know, everybody's focused on him. Um You know, if you've got an ego, I guess,
No.
No, no, he's
pretty
But see the problem is like Bezos, he's got a real big beef with Bezos too, because Bezos really is pretty well, but but
that literally dropped out like a day later. It's like really? That seems like kind of a big story to me. Of course. Uh
Fox,
no.
no,
no.
Again,
I don't mind when people are doing the things that they're supposed to be doing again, you know, from trying to run yourself. I mean, there's definitely a lot of hard working folks for politicians, unfortunately. You have some really bad politicians like trump who are really kind of making everybody else look bad.
All
but yeah,
so
really pretty things that he always got won't up on for the critics. And yet, like every day there's at least some major controversy with trump that just sort of evaporates, I guess. I
mean,
again, even if you completely ignored everything else, just the complete miss response to coronavirus to me would be enough to vote anybody but trump in. So yeah, I don't know. We'll see.
Hopefully
that's the way the voting.
Come
moderate.
Oh that's
not right. So yeah, that's what always kills me more than anything else. Whenever somebody says whatever we're doing for viruses way too much, you know, turn the economy back on, everything needs to be fine, throw all the kids in school and all that. And you know, the thing is how do you quantify the dollar value on each individual
life that's
lost because we could have thanks.
and all right, well, you know what, it's been a pleasure talking with you. Uh we definitely met the 25 minute mark, so um again I'll go ahead and and cut it off there. But again, hopefully the election does go the way we're expecting to, and I'm not sure about how gracefully trump will accept the loss. Uh That could be a very entertaining, I don't know fiasco
because he's
our
results and I'm not sure. That's not true. Oh
no, I hear you have a wonderful evening
camera.
What,
I hear you, I will buy.