SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 12 awesome. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. You?
SPEAKER_R: Good, good, good, nice to uh to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I switched as well. I'm castile
SPEAKER_R: Hi steve.
SPEAKER_L: steve like your hairstyle and glasses. I don't know, it just gives me like movie vibes I guess. Oh
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: um this is hard to explain but there's like a certain look that you have like the
SPEAKER_R: Earth
SPEAKER_L: official business man in movies and such then that's what I'm seeing right now. I don't know, it just makes me happy.
SPEAKER_R: okay. All right, so how are you? How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Um Okay, some bad food yesterday and it's kind of finally getting back to me.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Oh, that's I'm sorry to hear that.
SPEAKER_L: It was my mistake increase. It wasn't too spicy, that's the worst. All right
SPEAKER_R: so where do you live?
SPEAKER_L: texas Austin, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Really? The san Francisco area?
SPEAKER_L: Ooh fun. So
SPEAKER_R: so I did I did one of these yesterday and the person was also from Austin. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I did point yesterday too, but the person was in Austin it was me from Austin still.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. So so yeah, no that's kind of uh kind of weird. Uh you know, just thinking the the chances that it would be someone, you know,
SPEAKER_L: awesome as well. Right?
SPEAKER_R: once again from Austin, so
SPEAKER_L: So maybe it's a conspiracy, maybe prolific is trying to test how else nice react to other people, right?
SPEAKER_R: exactly, exactly, So so how long have you lived in Austin
SPEAKER_L: My whole life I never got a chance to move around so.
SPEAKER_R: even?
SPEAKER_L: And Oh God.
SPEAKER_R: I was I was gonna say uh I mean considering all the options there, I mean I I you know, I think a lot of people would you know give their left arm to uh live in Austin.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It does seem like a lot of people also moving to Austin do two other things. I know I'm san Francisco and L. A. Used to be the major tech and like acting hubs and things like that and Austin is kind of slowly turning to that as well. It was sort of, I hear from my friends in the business they're like yeah, I'm thinking about moving to Austin now finally because well it's not as a hardcore, apparently it's still got a lot of tech centers but they're not the same, especially non san Francisco which is expensive when I hear.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Uh It can be, I mean, I live in the suburbs, but yeah, I mean it's overall it's it's still expensive,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Yeah. Unfortunately every major city is expensive. The person I talked to yesterday lived out in the boonies in Wisconsin and they talked about how they got their house And it pays some ridiculous the mortgage, like $500 on it, something really low
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: And I'll time out. Yeah. Well you know the rent for this apartment, one bedroom, one bath is you know $1,500. Which I'm assuming little bucks to over san Francisco but still
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah, I did the very first one of these, I did the
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: person was from Arkansas and I think they said they lived, you know, their town was like 100 people and You know, she drove 45 minutes to get to her her job at the like the biggest town. So.
SPEAKER_L: I could not do that. I went to school with 200 people, I knew everyone there. I can't imagine living in a community of 100 when everyone knows who you are and what you're doing. It's kind of hard to do what you want, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. No, I would I would agree. I definitely definitely need to be kind of near the, you know, the bigger cities and I don't don't necessarily need to be in the city, but just at least close enough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well now they actually mentioned that never, that's a big part of what I do too is I go and eat places. Austin is great for that. They have always been like come here and Vietnamese food and I'll go over here and korean food go over here and text Mex you know and tiny towns on the boonies you don't have that which would be horrible for me but on it. No, do you like um the san Francisco area?
SPEAKER_R: I do I do I I pretty much grew up here and so my family's here and um you know, not not sure I'd necessarily, you know, you know, and right now my kids are growing up here as well and so you know there they're both in high school at this point. So you know it's not to say that some point down the road we might not you know relocate but uh I think I think certainly the you know there's there's a lot of benefits and the weather and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Does it actually rain a lot there?
SPEAKER_R: um the the the answer depends. So if you're talking between april and november basically not at all when it does rain it is very unusual. And then from like about november to March or april is considered the rainy season. And I mean there can be days where it will rain like a whole week, you know this just storms come in and um but but I would I would say overall I mean it's not it's not excessive, it just happens during a very specific window.
SPEAKER_L: The reason I asked because
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I love the rain and usually when I talk to someone about, hey I love the rain, they're like, oh you should go move to san Francisco because apparently arranged all the time. There. The other one is London people want me to move to London because it rains all the time with their two.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well and I would tell you the place that where it rains even more is up in the Northwest. I'm sure some people have mentioned that to you Portland and Seattle and I mean I would say relatively speaking the amount of rain we get relative to to Portland and Seattle as
SPEAKER_L: Different.
SPEAKER_R: probably not even half.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Good to know.
SPEAKER_R: So. No, but I I agree with you. I do I do like the rain as well. In fact we tend to whenever it does rain, you know, given especially especially during that time frame, as I said, from april to november where you know, it's pretty much sunny every day, you know when it rains were like, you know, this is great, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I was gonna say sorry fell on my head at, I have been thinking about moving. Just don't know where. And the other thing is that I am going to move, it's gonna be a big thing, but be I've always considered trying to get out of the country for a little bit, always get a couple of miles in my shoes, I'm relatively young. Uh you have kids, I'm assuming you're probably much older than me. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: mid mid fifties,
SPEAKER_L: yep. No twenties, yeah, um but when you were younger did you ever move around a lot or travel a lot or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: I did, I got I got a chance a lot to travel um As a kid, so we're not necessarily as a kid, probably probably in my 20s. So um you know, I got a chance, let's see if you got a chance to go to europe and chance to go to Australia and new Zealand and chance to visit Japan. So, you know, um no, I would definitely definitely say those are, you know, if you get an opportunity, you know, you know, now it's kind of the age where it definitely makes sense to do that.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Were you just lucky enough to have like someone offered to you or was it something you were doing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a little bit of both um for some of them. Um so in a previous life, I had been in the military, in the Navy and so a couple of those places, you know, we just, that's where we went to and I mean that was definitely one of the good aspects about that. And then the trip to europe, I was in a school taking a class project and part of it, part of it was basically where we had to go over there and sort of do kind of do some research in the country. We had about a week and a half or so, so, so we went over there and did that and and
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: then and then here in the last couple of years um as part of a program that my kids were in at their school,
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: were able we took a trip as a family about three years ago to Japan and then two years ago we we all went to Iceland. So
SPEAKER_L: Ooh
SPEAKER_R: speaking about another place where it rains a lot.
SPEAKER_L: yeah she's interesting enough Japan and Iceland or two countries, I'm really fond of Iceland because anywhere near the arctic circle and up there I want to go to because I also love the snow and the cold.
SPEAKER_R: Ready?
SPEAKER_L: And uh boulevard is a Norwegian annex country has one the place I was looking at because to move there you just need to fly there, get a house. There is no Visa, nothing like that promised entity,
SPEAKER_R: this and this is where?
SPEAKER_L: Svalbard. It's a Norwegian annex country in the arctic circle. Yeah, they're known for tourism and for polar bears because they have a lot of polar bears. Um But yeah, I know it literally you don't need to be a, so you just fly there have rent done or something like that. Some place to stay and they'll let you in and then go talk to the governor, get your gun because polar bears. Yeah, it's one of their laws that everyone must be armed because polar bears. Um And then Japan is also interesting to me because of the whole Northern Prefecture located all that stuff. They have some very interesting stuff they do during the winter like um just recently because you know when she was wow surely it's been a long time since one for now sorry the whole covid thing is really accelerated time makes it seem like every day is the same. But no I was watching a video and they made a giant snow, I don't want a building, they replicated some ancient building and it was literally like a full size building made completely out of snow. They took their full like special defense force and had them make it over like a month or two and then they had a festival there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I could could definitely could definitely see him doing that.
SPEAKER_L: What did you do with your family when he was Japan? Because I know that's also a big tourist destination.
SPEAKER_R: Um so it was like I said it was part of a school trip, so it was about uh it was about a 10 day trip and so it was all pretty much planned out so um and we were on the kind of the main island. So started with think we, let's see we flew into Osaka which is the second largest city, went to Osaka. Then we went to believe Hiroshima. And and were there a day then we went to Kyoto um which is another kind of large city. That's where they had a couple years ago they had um the big big summit where they decided on sort of the global warming levels. Um Try and remember what the name of that was. But so we went to Kyoto for a few days then another couple few stops and then we ended up we were in Tokyo for probably about three days or so. So then flew out of Tokyo.
SPEAKER_L: Are you a big foodie or anything or do you like going to museums or what is, what are your hobbies interests? Just like? Pretty much,
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I'm not so much the foodie part but you know, definitely enjoyed the museums and uh definitely a big big music fan um
SPEAKER_L: Ooh.
SPEAKER_R: definitely enjoy. Which you know you mentioned Austin so you know Austin is is definitely one of the places with a real good music scene.
SPEAKER_L: yep. I used to live not too far away but close enough to hear a cl when it went on, which was always super fun. But yeah, it's very interesting. Single and those music festivals or philadelphia roll around how the city just kind of becomes crammed pack and just super duper filled to the brim.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. You know you guys are probably kind of I'm sure there were mixed feelings back in March when South south by southwest canceled.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm not sure many people know this, but what happened was the mayor of the city went and shut it down like the whole organization stop myself, but they didn't want to stop it, they wanted to keep on having it. But what happened is the mayor talked to like some judge in the district and they actually filed a um order to have them shut it down. A lot of people did not like that, but yeah, I know it was definitely because I believe once it came around rolling around that time frame, when we would have had it. We've been like one of the first peaks of uh the whole thing.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Exactly. And I mean there was you know there was so much kind of uncertainty at that point that You know, I think in and given everything else was kind of shutting down at the same .2 I think it would have, you know it would have um it would have definitely stood out if you know, they had not cancelled it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Um on that same note, how are you holding up with the whole covid stuff? I know personally me, my life like hasn't changed at all. I've always been kind of more closed off in my room and everything I've done has been online and I've been able to be fortunate enough to be like that. But a lot of people outside are having difficulty, is not be able to go and do things.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Well we've we've adjusted pretty well. I mean I I um I have previously been going into an office to to work but um so much of what we had already done when we go into the office was my co workers are all across the country anyway so we're sort of used to to you know working remotely and getting on calls. So honestly in that sense, you know kind of once we started working from home it was very minimal change in that regard. And you know I think I think um you know certainly spent much more time at home than you know there would be used to. So probably been a little bit of you know a little bit of of uh feeling locked in and but but overall I mean I think I think we're doing well, you know we uh um you know I don't I don't think we're felt like we've you know miss anything significant or haven't been able to to necessarily do anything. So, so we've we've done pretty well and just try and keep ourselves busy and,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: know, try to try to, you know, I have been working a whole lot of different projects, you know, in and around the house.
SPEAKER_L: All right. So I take it you're enjoying from home then or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's one of those where, you know, I think you just, you have to take the situation and say let's let's make the most of it.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: good to know
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: of the
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: person.
SPEAKER_R: how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Like I said, I literally nothing has really changed for me and that's really interesting. Especially like the surveys I'm taking on prolific things like that. I'd like to ask questions like is covid making you order stuff online more or less now and my response is my life hasn't changed at all. I'm literally I've always been kind of, you know, able to function
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: on my own, my own space, do my own thing super easily. And I that's how I went through most of my life. So these past two or three years even leading up to now, it's really just been exactly what now is so very little change.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Other other than probably getting a lot more surveys on uh because of, you know, I mean that that has been one of the, I guess one of the side benefits is, you know, with all
SPEAKER_L: Tradition.
SPEAKER_R: the researchers, you know, wanting to no do a lot more research and study about how this is affecting things.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, this is a really like interesting time from a scientific perspective because it's not often that you can shut down a civilization like this and then see how they react and then to add on top of that, even though we're all, you know, shut down, we can't go out. We can also communicate, interact with the internet.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Well and then to compare it with the ways that the different countries have shut down because not everybody not everybody has obviously done the same. You know you've got you know countries like Sweden that have taken a very you know sort of a very let's try and get right into her. You heard uh um you know without having to shut the country down a whole lot and then you've got other countries you know where the shutdown has been. You know very much like you know you can leave your house you know once every other day and
SPEAKER_L: yep. Um So funny story about that, my buddy, he traveled to Vietnam right before, like Covid hit the biggest are spreading big and he came back right before Vietnam enacted their uh shut down rules When he said, like, if you stayed there one more day, he would have to be stuck in 14 for two weeks. Because any traveler going in and out is stuck in quarantine for two weeks there as well as people with symptoms are stuck in quarantine for two weeks.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah. I think I think when all that was happening sort of the best advice was you know you just you didn't know what the next day was going to bring. So sort of getting to where you want it to be as quickly as possible. Made made the most sense possible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A couple other friends almost traveled across to europe, not europe, I think, europe, one of the countries where if they would've stayed there, they would have gone back and they'd probably still be there. I mhm.
SPEAKER_R: this all happened, my my parents were actually on a cruise
SPEAKER_L: Ooh.
SPEAKER_R: um off of New Zealand and and at first, you know as things started happening, you know my sister and I called them and said you know, hey because they were about a third of the way into the cruise and uh you know, we're like you may want to think about coming home, you know, things are changing here pretty quickly and you know, first they were like no, you know, everybody's having a great time on the cruise, you know, we don't see any problem, And then I guess they talked a little bit more and they were traveling with a group of about 30 kind of 30 that we're all from this area, that we're part of their group, talk to him the next day and they're like, yeah, we're kind of thinking maybe it is, it is time to come home. And so they got off the ship in Dunedin, New Zealand And then, and then they were able to get a flight to Auckland and then they took a international flight from Auckland to San Francisco. And so that was roughly, I think about March 14, March 15. Some of the people of their group though didn't get off the ship at that point. And then, and then the ship was supposed to go to some other places in New Zealand, but at that point, New Zealand had shut out everything down and they said no you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: can't go to any more ports. And the ship was eventually going to end in Sydney Australia. So the ship ended up going to Sydney hold into the port and then the rest and at that point, you know, same thing Australia was like, okay, you can you can get off the ship, but we're taking you straight to the airport at that point, you know, you're not getting off and looking at anything or so. So the, so the people that didn't get off, they basically ended up staying on the ship for about another week till it got to Sydney and then basically, you know, they got taken straight to the airport, put on international flights and and sent back. But I think, I think in retrospect it definitely worked out much better because had they not left the ship in New Zealand they would have been on there for about another week and you know, who's to know? And it turned out there were some folks even in their group that did end up catching the virus and
SPEAKER_L: Good. They got out,
SPEAKER_R: so so yeah, I think it was one of those things, you know, just better to get off at that point, get back at home, get settled in.
SPEAKER_L: And then they were able to remember reading about some people who are taking a whitewater rafting trip down like the Rio
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: that and they had no contact with the outside world and they left right before it all hit and then when they came back there guys like, so the world is kind of different now that you're back.
SPEAKER_R: Rate.
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine that, that, so that's a platform movie right there. It really is. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Oh it is, yeah. Yeah. No it absolutely is,
SPEAKER_L: replace, you know, pandemic with, you know, zombie apocalypse, someone like that. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right.
SPEAKER_L: Well like if I'm glad
SPEAKER_R: But you.
SPEAKER_L: to hear that your parents right, they were able to get back before and there. Hopefully they're doing well right now. Right.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah, but they're you know, they're in that high risk age group so they pretty much stay at home and they get deliveries and occasionally they'll go out and do a curbside pickup but you know as far as anything else, you know, they're you know not going in stores and you know, all of that, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My grandfather is convinced he has it, but he's not really showing his symptoms. He unfortunately was way down in the south, like in the valley, the very south texas where they don't have any of that stuff. So he starts to go and get things so we're hoping the best
SPEAKER_R: You,
SPEAKER_L: for him, but you never know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Right. Well um we
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: What about
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: a month or so ago we had we were concerned my my wife had thought that you know potential, She had gotten it. She went to go get a tests. She hadn't gotten the results
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: back from her test. So we sort of decided it made sense for the rest of
SPEAKER_L: Hotel,
SPEAKER_R: the family. So, so we all went and got tests And it turned out it took 19 days to get our test results back.
SPEAKER_L: jesus,
SPEAKER_R: And I mean we didn't have any symptoms and test results came back negative. So it was more of a precautionary thing. But you know, it's like 19 days, you know, why, why why why even bother at that point?
SPEAKER_L: If it is nice to get back, you could have had in the past, given on someone else or been done with your 14 day quarantine by the time of your tests back.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Exactly. So, yeah, that whole testing model right now, I, I know it's kind of different depending on what part of the country, but that's just, it's got to be better because, you know, for the folks that are impact or you know, do have the virus, um, you know, with just, you need to know as quickly as possible. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: At least we're still kind of testing. I know a couple of east asian countries they're producing numbers like hey we have zero pandemic patients because they're literally not testing at all. I think Japan and South Korea like two countries that they have really low numbers because they're not testing anybody or there's no widespread testing available. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I do think to those countries are also doing a much better job of
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: recognizing that, you know, if I don't go out and about and you know, then I minimize the risk of
SPEAKER_L: What? Why?
SPEAKER_R: potentially infecting other folks. Whereas, you know, I think in the US, we tend to have this, you know, I've got my freedom. I can go where I want to and you know, it's up to the other person to protect themselves. And so I think that's that's definitely why we see
SPEAKER_L: Much
SPEAKER_R: just differences
SPEAKER_L: higher numbers.
SPEAKER_R: and Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We're number one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Not, not, not the number one we want to be.
SPEAKER_L: No, but yep, yep. Well it was a pleasure talking to you. Um I
SPEAKER_R: Like like West.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope you have a good rest of your day. Yeah.