Hello,
how are you?
Good, good, good, nice to uh to meet you.
Hi steve.
thank you.
Earth
okay. All right, so how are you? How are you doing?
Right. Oh, that's I'm sorry to hear that.
so where do you live?
Really? The san Francisco area?
so I did I did one of these yesterday and the person was also from Austin. Uh huh.
Yeah. Mhm. So so yeah, no that's kind of uh kind of weird. Uh you know, just thinking the the chances that it would be someone, you know,
once again from Austin, so
exactly, exactly, So so how long have you lived in Austin
even?
I was I was gonna say uh I mean considering all the options there, I mean I I you know, I think a lot of people would you know give their left arm to uh live in Austin.
okay. Uh It can be, I mean, I live in the suburbs, but yeah, I mean it's overall it's it's still expensive,
Right,
Right. Right. Yeah, I did the very first one of these, I did the
person was from Arkansas and I think they said they lived, you know, their town was like 100 people and You know, she drove 45 minutes to get to her her job at the like the biggest town. So.
Right. Right. No, I would I would agree. I definitely definitely need to be kind of near the, you know, the bigger cities and I don't don't necessarily need to be in the city, but just at least close enough.
I do I do I I pretty much grew up here and so my family's here and um you know, not not sure I'd necessarily, you know, you know, and right now my kids are growing up here as well and so you know there they're both in high school at this point. So you know it's not to say that some point down the road we might not you know relocate but uh I think I think certainly the you know there's there's a lot of benefits and the weather and
um the the the answer depends. So if you're talking between april and november basically not at all when it does rain it is very unusual. And then from like about november to March or april is considered the rainy season. And I mean there can be days where it will rain like a whole week, you know this just storms come in and um but but I would I would say overall I mean it's not it's not excessive, it just happens during a very specific window.
No.
Right. Well and I would tell you the place that where it rains even more is up in the Northwest. I'm sure some people have mentioned that to you Portland and Seattle and I mean I would say relatively speaking the amount of rain we get relative to to Portland and Seattle as
probably not even half.
So. No, but I I agree with you. I do I do like the rain as well. In fact we tend to whenever it does rain, you know, given especially especially during that time frame, as I said, from april to november where you know, it's pretty much sunny every day, you know when it rains were like, you know, this is great, but
mid mid fifties,
I did, I got I got a chance a lot to travel um As a kid, so we're not necessarily as a kid, probably probably in my 20s. So um you know, I got a chance, let's see if you got a chance to go to europe and chance to go to Australia and new Zealand and chance to visit Japan. So, you know, um no, I would definitely definitely say those are, you know, if you get an opportunity, you know, you know, now it's kind of the age where it definitely makes sense to do that.
Yeah, a little bit of both um for some of them. Um so in a previous life, I had been in the military, in the Navy and so a couple of those places, you know, we just, that's where we went to and I mean that was definitely one of the good aspects about that. And then the trip to europe, I was in a school taking a class project and part of it, part of it was basically where we had to go over there and sort of do kind of do some research in the country. We had about a week and a half or so, so, so we went over there and did that and and
then and then here in the last couple of years um as part of a program that my kids were in at their school,
we
were able we took a trip as a family about three years ago to Japan and then two years ago we we all went to Iceland. So
speaking about another place where it rains a lot.
Ready?
this and this is where?
Yeah, I could could definitely could definitely see him doing that.
Um so it was like I said it was part of a school trip, so it was about uh it was about a 10 day trip and so it was all pretty much planned out so um and we were on the kind of the main island. So started with think we, let's see we flew into Osaka which is the second largest city, went to Osaka. Then we went to believe Hiroshima. And and were there a day then we went to Kyoto um which is another kind of large city. That's where they had a couple years ago they had um the big big summit where they decided on sort of the global warming levels. Um Try and remember what the name of that was. But so we went to Kyoto for a few days then another couple few stops and then we ended up we were in Tokyo for probably about three days or so. So then flew out of Tokyo.
Um Yeah I'm not so much the foodie part but you know, definitely enjoyed the museums and uh definitely a big big music fan um
definitely enjoy. Which you know you mentioned Austin so you know Austin is is definitely one of the places with a real good music scene.
Right. Right. You know you guys are probably kind of I'm sure there were mixed feelings back in March when South south by southwest canceled.
Exactly. Exactly. And I mean there was you know there was so much kind of uncertainty at that point that You know, I think in and given everything else was kind of shutting down at the same .2 I think it would have, you know it would have um it would have definitely stood out if you know, they had not cancelled it.
Right. Right. Well we've we've adjusted pretty well. I mean I I um I have previously been going into an office to to work but um so much of what we had already done when we go into the office was my co workers are all across the country anyway so we're sort of used to to you know working remotely and getting on calls. So honestly in that sense, you know kind of once we started working from home it was very minimal change in that regard. And you know I think I think um you know certainly spent much more time at home than you know there would be used to. So probably been a little bit of you know a little bit of of uh feeling locked in and but but overall I mean I think I think we're doing well, you know we uh um you know I don't I don't think we're felt like we've you know miss anything significant or haven't been able to to necessarily do anything. So, so we've we've done pretty well and just try and keep ourselves busy and,
you
know, try to try to, you know, I have been working a whole lot of different projects, you know, in and around the house.
Yeah, it's one of those where, you know, I think you just, you have to take the situation and say let's let's make the most of it.
So,
you know,
how
about
how about yourself?
No.
Right. Other other than probably getting a lot more surveys on uh because of, you know, I mean that that has been one of the, I guess one of the side benefits is, you know, with all
the researchers, you know, wanting to no do a lot more research and study about how this is affecting things.
Right. Right. Well and then to compare it with the ways that the different countries have shut down because not everybody not everybody has obviously done the same. You know you've got you know countries like Sweden that have taken a very you know sort of a very let's try and get right into her. You heard uh um you know without having to shut the country down a whole lot and then you've got other countries you know where the shutdown has been. You know very much like you know you can leave your house you know once every other day and
Right. Right. Yeah. I think I think when all that was happening sort of the best advice was you know you just you didn't know what the next day was going to bring. So sort of getting to where you want it to be as quickly as possible. Made made the most sense possible.
this all happened, my my parents were actually on a cruise
um off of New Zealand and and at first, you know as things started happening, you know my sister and I called them and said you know, hey because they were about a third of the way into the cruise and uh you know, we're like you may want to think about coming home, you know, things are changing here pretty quickly and you know, first they were like no, you know, everybody's having a great time on the cruise, you know, we don't see any problem, And then I guess they talked a little bit more and they were traveling with a group of about 30 kind of 30 that we're all from this area, that we're part of their group, talk to him the next day and they're like, yeah, we're kind of thinking maybe it is, it is time to come home. And so they got off the ship in Dunedin, New Zealand And then, and then they were able to get a flight to Auckland and then they took a international flight from Auckland to San Francisco. And so that was roughly, I think about March 14, March 15. Some of the people of their group though didn't get off the ship at that point. And then, and then the ship was supposed to go to some other places in New Zealand, but at that point, New Zealand had shut out everything down and they said no you
can't go to any more ports. And the ship was eventually going to end in Sydney Australia. So the ship ended up going to Sydney hold into the port and then the rest and at that point, you know, same thing Australia was like, okay, you can you can get off the ship, but we're taking you straight to the airport at that point, you know, you're not getting off and looking at anything or so. So the, so the people that didn't get off, they basically ended up staying on the ship for about another week till it got to Sydney and then basically, you know, they got taken straight to the airport, put on international flights and and sent back. But I think, I think in retrospect it definitely worked out much better because had they not left the ship in New Zealand they would have been on there for about another week and you know, who's to know? And it turned out there were some folks even in their group that did end up catching the virus and
so so yeah, I think it was one of those things, you know, just better to get off at that point, get back at home, get settled in.
I
like
that
one.
Rate.
Oh it is, yeah. Yeah. No it absolutely is,
right.
But you.
mm. Yeah, but they're you know, they're in that high risk age group so they pretty much stay at home and they get deliveries and occasionally they'll go out and do a curbside pickup but you know as far as anything else, you know, they're you know not going in stores and you know, all of that, so
You,
Yeah. Right. Right. Well um we
had
about
a month or so ago we had we were concerned my my wife had thought that you know potential, She had gotten it. She went to go get a tests. She hadn't gotten the results
back from her test. So we sort of decided it made sense for the rest of
the family. So, so we all went and got tests And it turned out it took 19 days to get our test results back.
And I mean we didn't have any symptoms and test results came back negative. So it was more of a precautionary thing. But you know, it's like 19 days, you know, why, why why why even bother at that point?
Exactly. Exactly. So, yeah, that whole testing model right now, I, I know it's kind of different depending on what part of the country, but that's just, it's got to be better because, you know, for the folks that are impact or you know, do have the virus, um, you know, with just, you need to know as quickly as possible. Mm hmm.
I do think to those countries are also doing a much better job of
recognizing that, you know, if I don't go out and about and you know, then I minimize the risk of
potentially infecting other folks. Whereas, you know, I think in the US, we tend to have this, you know, I've got my freedom. I can go where I want to and you know, it's up to the other person to protect themselves. And so I think that's that's definitely why we see
just differences
and Yeah.
Not, not, not the number one we want to be.
Like like West.