Yeah. 12 awesome. Okay.
Hello?
I'm doing well. You?
Yeah I switched as well. I'm castile
steve like your hairstyle and glasses. I don't know, it just gives me like movie vibes I guess. Oh
um this is hard to explain but there's like a certain look that you have like the
official business man in movies and such then that's what I'm seeing right now. I don't know, it just makes me happy.
Um Okay, some bad food yesterday and it's kind of finally getting back to me.
It was my mistake increase. It wasn't too spicy, that's the worst. All right
texas Austin, yep.
Ooh fun. So
Yeah I did point yesterday too, but the person was in Austin it was me from Austin still.
awesome as well. Right?
So maybe it's a conspiracy, maybe prolific is trying to test how else nice react to other people, right?
My whole life I never got a chance to move around so.
And Oh God.
Yeah. It does seem like a lot of people also moving to Austin do two other things. I know I'm san Francisco and L. A. Used to be the major tech and like acting hubs and things like that and Austin is kind of slowly turning to that as well. It was sort of, I hear from my friends in the business they're like yeah, I'm thinking about moving to Austin now finally because well it's not as a hardcore, apparently it's still got a lot of tech centers but they're not the same, especially non san Francisco which is expensive when I hear.
All right. Yeah. Unfortunately every major city is expensive. The person I talked to yesterday lived out in the boonies in Wisconsin and they talked about how they got their house And it pays some ridiculous the mortgage, like $500 on it, something really low
And I'll time out. Yeah. Well you know the rent for this apartment, one bedroom, one bath is you know $1,500. Which I'm assuming little bucks to over san Francisco but still
what?
I could not do that. I went to school with 200 people, I knew everyone there. I can't imagine living in a community of 100 when everyone knows who you are and what you're doing. It's kind of hard to do what you want, you know.
Yeah. Well now they actually mentioned that never, that's a big part of what I do too is I go and eat places. Austin is great for that. They have always been like come here and Vietnamese food and I'll go over here and korean food go over here and text Mex you know and tiny towns on the boonies you don't have that which would be horrible for me but on it. No, do you like um the san Francisco area?
Yeah. Okay. Does it actually rain a lot there?
The reason I asked because
I love the rain and usually when I talk to someone about, hey I love the rain, they're like, oh you should go move to san Francisco because apparently arranged all the time. There. The other one is London people want me to move to London because it rains all the time with their two.
Different.
All right. Good to know.
Yeah. Um I was gonna say sorry fell on my head at, I have been thinking about moving. Just don't know where. And the other thing is that I am going to move, it's gonna be a big thing, but be I've always considered trying to get out of the country for a little bit, always get a couple of miles in my shoes, I'm relatively young. Uh you have kids, I'm assuming you're probably much older than me. Mhm,
yep. No twenties, yeah, um but when you were younger did you ever move around a lot or travel a lot or anything like that?
mm. Were you just lucky enough to have like someone offered to you or was it something you were doing?
know
got
something
Ooh
yeah she's interesting enough Japan and Iceland or two countries, I'm really fond of Iceland because anywhere near the arctic circle and up there I want to go to because I also love the snow and the cold.
And uh boulevard is a Norwegian annex country has one the place I was looking at because to move there you just need to fly there, get a house. There is no Visa, nothing like that promised entity,
Svalbard. It's a Norwegian annex country in the arctic circle. Yeah, they're known for tourism and for polar bears because they have a lot of polar bears. Um But yeah, I know it literally you don't need to be a, so you just fly there have rent done or something like that. Some place to stay and they'll let you in and then go talk to the governor, get your gun because polar bears. Yeah, it's one of their laws that everyone must be armed because polar bears. Um And then Japan is also interesting to me because of the whole Northern Prefecture located all that stuff. They have some very interesting stuff they do during the winter like um just recently because you know when she was wow surely it's been a long time since one for now sorry the whole covid thing is really accelerated time makes it seem like every day is the same. But no I was watching a video and they made a giant snow, I don't want a building, they replicated some ancient building and it was literally like a full size building made completely out of snow. They took their full like special defense force and had them make it over like a month or two and then they had a festival there.
What did you do with your family when he was Japan? Because I know that's also a big tourist destination.
Are you a big foodie or anything or do you like going to museums or what is, what are your hobbies interests? Just like? Pretty much,
Ooh.
yep. I used to live not too far away but close enough to hear a cl when it went on, which was always super fun. But yeah, it's very interesting. Single and those music festivals or philadelphia roll around how the city just kind of becomes crammed pack and just super duper filled to the brim.
so I'm not sure many people know this, but what happened was the mayor of the city went and shut it down like the whole organization stop myself, but they didn't want to stop it, they wanted to keep on having it. But what happened is the mayor talked to like some judge in the district and they actually filed a um order to have them shut it down. A lot of people did not like that, but yeah, I know it was definitely because I believe once it came around rolling around that time frame, when we would have had it. We've been like one of the first peaks of uh the whole thing.
Yeah, absolutely. Um on that same note, how are you holding up with the whole covid stuff? I know personally me, my life like hasn't changed at all. I've always been kind of more closed off in my room and everything I've done has been online and I've been able to be fortunate enough to be like that. But a lot of people outside are having difficulty, is not be able to go and do things.
That's
good.
All right. So I take it you're enjoying from home then or
That's
good to know
out
of the
person.
Like I said, I literally nothing has really changed for me and that's really interesting. Especially like the surveys I'm taking on prolific things like that. I'd like to ask questions like is covid making you order stuff online more or less now and my response is my life hasn't changed at all. I'm literally I've always been kind of, you know, able to function
on my own, my own space, do my own thing super easily. And I that's how I went through most of my life. So these past two or three years even leading up to now, it's really just been exactly what now is so very little change.
Tradition.
I mean, this is a really like interesting time from a scientific perspective because it's not often that you can shut down a civilization like this and then see how they react and then to add on top of that, even though we're all, you know, shut down, we can't go out. We can also communicate, interact with the internet.
yep. Um So funny story about that, my buddy, he traveled to Vietnam right before, like Covid hit the biggest are spreading big and he came back right before Vietnam enacted their uh shut down rules When he said, like, if you stayed there one more day, he would have to be stuck in 14 for two weeks. Because any traveler going in and out is stuck in quarantine for two weeks there as well as people with symptoms are stuck in quarantine for two weeks.
Yeah. A couple other friends almost traveled across to europe, not europe, I think, europe, one of the countries where if they would've stayed there, they would have gone back and they'd probably still be there. I mhm.
Ooh.
No.
Good. They got out,
And then they were able to remember reading about some people who are taking a whitewater rafting trip down like the Rio
or
something
like
that and they had no contact with the outside world and they left right before it all hit and then when they came back there guys like, so the world is kind of different now that you're back.
I can't imagine that, that, so that's a platform movie right there. It really is. You know,
replace, you know, pandemic with, you know, zombie apocalypse, someone like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Well like if I'm glad
to hear that your parents right, they were able to get back before and there. Hopefully they're doing well right now. Right.
Yeah. My grandfather is convinced he has it, but he's not really showing his symptoms. He unfortunately was way down in the south, like in the valley, the very south texas where they don't have any of that stuff. So he starts to go and get things so we're hoping the best
for him, but you never know.
No.
What about
you?
What?
Hotel,
jesus,
If it is nice to get back, you could have had in the past, given on someone else or been done with your 14 day quarantine by the time of your tests back.
At least we're still kind of testing. I know a couple of east asian countries they're producing numbers like hey we have zero pandemic patients because they're literally not testing at all. I think Japan and South Korea like two countries that they have really low numbers because they're not testing anybody or there's no widespread testing available. Yeah.
they
What? Why?
Much
higher numbers.
We're number one. Yeah.
No, but yep, yep. Well it was a pleasure talking to you. Um I
Yeah. I hope you have a good rest of your day. Yeah.