four. Hi
hi I'm
doing well,
how are you?
Yeah I can hear you, can you hear me?
Good? Okay
so how are you
doing it?
Doing
well
my
name I'm sorry my name is dan Daniel.
I live in in Miami in florida in the U. S.
okay opposite opposite end of the state.
Well
I've been definitely yeah I've been to Jacksonville a couple of times but mostly just driving through it you know? Not really spent much time there.
I guess there's probably still still beaches and stuff to to.
Yeah exactly.
Uh Whether it's nice it's nice it's been
hot
you know um It's been the hottest hottest april and probably hottest made it was really dry for us in april almost. No rain like it hasn't rained very much usually by now. It should rain every day. It's not quite,
Yeah That's probably were being easily getting to 90 almost every day, definitely a little bit hotter than normal but around now it usually starts getting pretty hot. I've only lived
here about a year. Um I moved here from from Baltimore with my
wife. She grew up here yeah
So I lived
I
lived there
for like 15 years.
the city
okay. In the city in new york city.
Okay. Yeah I spent a lot of time in new york. I would go there a lot when I lived in Baltimore I played music and I did so I went there all the time for that and I also had a job moving art around so I would have to take a trip up there almost every week. I would drive there from from Baltimore. Yeah
I used to I don't really do it much anymore but it used to be like everything I did I was I owned a business doing music and worked for myself, tried to do that for a long time. I had to get out of it recently. But Uh huh.
No, no kids. Uh Two little cats, that's it for now.
Yeah. Yeah.
Probably
that.
Yeah. Do you think you'll be able to have just been doing school at home, have you been doing that?
so a lot of a lot of time for you to spend with them, I'm sure you're probably look
probably looking forward to have some time off at least during the day. Right.
Well
I think I've heard that um pretty much everywhere in florida except Miami and Broward County is going to be able to open up a little bit more but they can't but they won't do it down here yet. I think it makes sense. As we've in Miami have had a lot of, a lot of cases like it hasn't been get compared to the rest of the state.
I was going to say hopefully a lot not a lot of people are coming out anyway. I wouldn't, we have to be careful because my wife has been sick over the last year, so we've got to be really careful. We haven't been going out much anyway, so we have to just be extra careful now. So.
No,
and
you know, touch everything, they touch their faces, they're gonna be messy,
you know?
No, no.
Aaron.
I work at home. I've been it started a job right before this um right before this, my cats are trying to come in, I started a job right before this and after two weeks they started working from home. But I just do like phone customer service on on the phone anyway, so it's not that bad. So I'm just kind of in here with, you know, I do that in the mornings and I'm off in the afternoons and help
help
with, you know, it's I do a lot of, I used to cooking restaurants, so I do a lot of our cooking anyway, so I spent a lot of time, I don't know, cooking things from uh making a, you know, just making a lot of things from scratch and just trying to trying to stay busy doing that kind of thing.
Trying
to
I
I understand that definitely like uh
doing the same things over and over and over again when I cooked it. When I was young, I cooked in restaurants and I was like, my first job, so I learned how to cook there, and I wouldn't cook at home when I was cooking in restaurants, like cooking all day, and I wouldn't want to cook anything at home. So now I'm glad I I'm glad I know how and I have the skills to do that, but don't have to do it all night at work, you know, for a job, so I wouldn't cook as much if I had to work in kitchens, I think of the
I I played the guitar, um but in order to uh and a little bit of piano and keyboards to more of what I was doing was being like a sound engineer. Like I had a recording studio and I would make records for people because trying to make any, it's super ended extremely hard to make any money actually playing
music. That's very, that's rare. You get, there's a lot of other lucky factors that go into that people work hard at it and people are able to do it, but it's not really easy
or anything. Like I have played and played in, played in bands and stuff and but mostly I was trying to make money helped like with other professional bands because my own music was not going to be uh
like able to, you
know, able to like really
get out there like that, it wasn't really focused on that more often. Um But uh I was around around other people who were able to like kind of move up and progress and I was able to work for a couple of bands that um
you
know
where
and I traveled around, I did touring, so I traveled around all the time with bands just to be there sound
guy, you know?
That's
Yeah.
That's
honestly for, and even for someone, especially if they're five and that's a good place to start just to learn about notes and learn about, you know, just how to put it together kind of in your head and you know, if you have that, if they have that kind of foundation, you kind of move on to any instrument really and it's more about just getting a technique of that instrument. But if you already know a little bit about
music and can kind of have the internal like intuitive kind of thing already, then that's a good place
to start. For sure I would. My parents tried to make me take piano lessons when I was a kid and I was really like did not want to do it didn't have any interest and it wasn't until I was out of high school until I actually started playing music and
it's
like,
oh, I can actually do this so, you know.
Right. That's great. That's good. Like that's an important thing for kids to have, even if he like doesn't at some point is just like I don't care about this anymore, but it's it's awesome like brain training, you know, and for hand eye coordination
and all of that stuff.
definitely, definitely anything it's it's almost like very same to something like meditation almost, you know, that
kind of thing is similar like brain brain processes going on sometimes.
Her.
It
might be something later on to like you might be interested in later, you know.
I was
like that when I was a little kid, I definitely was, I liked baseball and I would play baseball and played a little league baseball and stuff, but I was also like almost too shy to really like really like you know be
be the cool guy on the team, you know and I wasn't that good at it but I liked it so it was tough and I understand
that.
it's actually surprisingly far. It's like a three hour drive, something like that just even from here. So we don't go very often, like I don't think we've been since we moved here, we haven't done that drive all the way. But we came and visited a couple of years ago because we would come down every couple years to see her, her parents and one year we did took like three days and drove down and got a little Airbnb thing and it was really cool, it was really nice, so I want to go back whenever we can.
Exactly. Yeah, we had friends coming, friends were doing the same thing uh that were supposed to come like at the end of april and they were actually going to Key West two and up until the last like three days beforehand, they were like we're still going to come and then they basically flights all got canceled right that weekend and like everything shut down and Really, no, it's not going to happen,
they're pretty frustrating.
Right. It's like the weather is to almost too hot and like
of things
shut down for the summer, you know, a lot of the tourist places shut down for the summer, it's harder to find places to stay, That kind of thing. And this summer is going to
be totally so
probably, yeah, I'm not sure, you know, there's uh it's tough to because there's like several airlines and like big companies have headquarters here that probably are going to, I don't know if they already have or they'll have to, lots of people might be losing their jobs and stuff because the, you know, tourism is so down like airline flights are so so far down and you know, so I have to see what happens with that. I work for the power company F pl so I like talk to people all day that
are having issues and can't pay their bills and stuff and it's really like there's a lot of people so tell people are pretty frustrated, you know, I don't hopefully it doesn't get worse just as the months go by. Um Yeah.
Not
long time.
Yeah. We we still have friends. They still have several friends who live. There are different places like in uh Queens and and out of Long Island to in like you know different parts of Brooklyn
and stuff. Uh Everyone is still trying to take it really seriously because like I think they
had
lot
of.
Yeah. Yeah and down here in Miami it was scary to probably just because it started having so many people getting in um you know uh just the people in our neighborhood or just around it didn't seem like people were taking it that seriously
at all for a long time. And uh we just had to because my wife
basically
had
been sick and she had major surgery a couple months ago, like a month before this started. So we had to be really careful anyway and doing anything if people were careless. Uh you know people you're obviously being like careless
for hard to convince them that it's actually serious and you know there are people who who
are at risk and it doesn't mean you don't have to be old to be
at risk, so luckily
we've been
out
yeah but still just trying to be super careful and you can't really go go anywhere. Yeah.
exactly
soon we get in groceries delivered and you know uh
if I go out I'm bundling up and being careful like barely going anywhere, you know, so we're adjusting but it's not that easy really. Overall
it's hard to know, it's hard to make any plans, hard to like you know.
of course
like
just
getting out and doing anything, it's like a you know stimulating is learning, it's like all of those things and
Where
do they
live,
Where
where
is that, where you're from, where where
do they live?
let's
wait,
it's
good.
right
hopefully
they can.
Oh no, no go ahead,
I'm from here, it was born in California actually. Um Yeah because
I've lived a few different places, my family moved from the West Coast to the East Coast when I was a teenager and the rest of my family left the East Coast
and
went back. Um and I stayed on the East Coast, I was the only one, I'm one of five kids and they all left went different places.
Family. Yeah.
It was uh I do appreciate like having a lot of siblings, you know, it was it was good to have as a kid I think to have siblings like that, but also like we you know didn't have any money or anything so it was kind of it was tough for my parents. My mom basically
just stayed at home. She didn't start working until um
She was like, you know, in her early 40s because she was just raising kids for forever
and finally was able to like have the time to go to college and get a degree and start working and as we all grew, you know. so
luckily, you know, my dad stayed around and like you had a job and was was was there the whole time and a lot of people don't don't get to have even that, so um
grateful for that. But I also don't think I would have that many kids honestly. Like i it's almost
like many for anybody.
Right.
Right. Um I would just, I just want to be careful to be able to like actually give them a like a good life still and not, you know, not have to like not have to have any, you know, any of the kind of bet any any of the same kind of bad experiences we might have had, even though looking it was hard to know then going through it, but looking back you kind of realize like yeah, it was it was different for for us I guess in a way compared to a lot of people, so I just want to, you know, I would want to make sure that I wouldn't have to like put people through
that,
you know, as a kid. Um So we're kind of waiting um you know, I haven't really decided we for a long time, we were like we're probably not going to have probably maybe not really have kids, it's still kind of undecided, but I would be okay with adopting kids to later on if we if we don't actually do it that way. Either
way.
We'll see, you know, like I said, there's time were
undecided.
definitely.
And
that's a like, I don't know how that's that's a great thing, you know?
don't have that experience that won't be able to like, actually,
no,
but
she hasn't actually in over
a year now, just trying to it took a long time to figure out, basically spent the last year and a half trying to figure out what was going on and had to how to deal with it, and we figured it out and started, she like I said, she had a pretty big surgery a couple months ago, but she's definitely recovering, was just taking a while, but no, she had to stop working when we moved here. Uh
I had been unemployed for a long time to because I had I basically had my music thing going on in in Baltimore, and it just started falling apart after a couple of years, or I was at the point where it was like, I'm not going to actually make any money doing this, and it's just going to be the same thing over and over again for kind of struggling with it for a really long time, so I
had to make a big decision to like stop, put it on hold and just kind of stop
and focus on something else, and um so I started going back, so I never went to college, so I started going to school um just been going through that and we ended up moving it down here. Um It wasn't really planned, it was kind of so you know, we after it was it was only like a few months of planning and then we decided to move down here and I thought I could get a job right away and wasn't able to, so it's been a tough, you know, a tough year or so. Um But I finally found this job and got
it like a few, you know, a few months ago, right before this all started and I'm just lucky that they were able to, I found one right before because probably would have been able to find a job during this, it's a lot harder. Um So yeah, we've just been been living off of savings and it's not, you know, not going that far, so we're glad to like at
least had, you know,
Yeah, that's kind of focusing completely on that if we as much as we can, so uh
Oh yeah, yeah, that's dangerous.
Did you have to have surgery or anything like that? Yeah.
No,
no.
Well
that's
You have
to have people and you have people in Jacksonville now like family around or?
That's good.
Yeah.
Did you
at least somebody, hopefully, you know any kind of community around is good. Did it take a long time to recover from that? Yeah,
it's going to
say.
But
it probably
took a while
it's going to probably
it probably took a while to get all that together.
Yeah, definitely. It's
my
wife
had surgery
in kind of the same area like with a different different thing but and around the abdominal and so she's still recovering from that. She's doing physical therapy still right now. It's been it's only it's been almost been three months now so she's still kind of in the middle of it but it's good to hear
that
it's like, you know, kind of it can take you know at least six months or so. That's what
and what
we've been hearing too. But you know the recovery is
hard,
you know what
time
it's going, it's going but it's definitely good to hear someone else has similar experience, you know and has come out of it. Okay.
Grave, it's hard, it's
hard. Mhm.
exactly
happened,
A lot of
time,
Yeah,
Exactly. What's of juggling things around? Yeah, but
Yeah, I know.
same hearing
I think I think it will work out ok. What I hope is that people will realize a lot of things that weren't weren't working very well in America before like and we you know
there's a lot better, a lot better, you know incentives to change it because it can affect everybody and there's a lot of people who probably thought something like this can never affect me and Iran anything can affect anybody. So you know, so I hope this is like a moment where people can realize something you know and like kind of all together and see if we can you know change them things for to make it work out better for for a lot of people.
That's very
and it's
I I would agree with that yeah.
You know
now
and
it's more into just trying to play a political game and it's like he's not even good enough of a politician to play a political game but he's just pretending that he is and I don't know and it's frustrating, very frustrating for us, especially anybody who ah uh just deserves to have a little bit easier time and not have to go through any unnecessary, you know, hang ups or delays or put on unnecessary risk, you know, and I would just be worried that people won't uh well think, you know, things are okay now and like and started going out a lot more or start opening things up too early and more people will get sick. That's,
it
could happen.
still have to
go
saying.
exactly. No same here. Exactly.
Um
So we'll see, we'll see. I hope it like, you know, I hope people still take it seriously, even if, even if like, you know, some governors or whatever are saying that everything is okay, but people should have
some
more,
you
know, keep their common sense, you know,
that's
good.
We haven't
even,
the power company hasn't even said
date or anything. They've been pretty, pretty, pretty good with that. I don't, it took in the course of a week. They got, you know, tens of thousands of people like to work from home and made it all work. So it was, and they're not even saying when, when they would try and reopen again
or open offices.
I'm totally fine with doing this from my house instead of driving somewhere just to talk on the phone, you know? Uh, I like that.
unnecessary for sure. My, my older brother does that too. He basically works with servers and like virtual servers and this kind of stuff.
So, um,
uh,
he's been from home for a few years, but him and his his he tried to do that on purpose several years ago. So now he's very he's very happy that he doesn't have an office really and he just kind of his whole his whole work is almost virtual so
and companies
should be
able to
It
yeah that's that's pretty risky I'm sure it's very risky.
So I
because really been
like
Like 40 minutes or so.
Oh not quite um like 30 probably like 35 or so I think.
I think so. I didn't realize I kind of went over to Yeah
I should
I
should probably sign off that I appreciate here. Um
But very nice to meet you, nice talking to you.
pleasant
surprise. I wasn't sure what to expect really, so. Mhm.
Thank
you. Thanks, take care.