Oh no. You're gonna have discovered in this reality. Yeah. Two. Yeah. It was called 20 minutes and six minutes and 17 less than 1760s. Excuse me. Some days back yesterday it was 18 cheese. Wait yeah, probably. Hi
I how are you doing?
Thank
you.
Yeah. Can you hear me now? Yeah.
Perfect.
So
yeah, I'm good. How are you? And may I know
your good name? Yeah.
And
make
up.
Yeah. Okay. So from which place you are?
Oh that's good. I'm in florida to I'm in Jacksonville. Mhm.
Yeah. Just oppose it. Right? We have been to a Miami last year. Goodness. You are a good place. I can say
more good. The tourist.
Yeah because there's nothing like to do this place or something like a used uh side win. So
yeah beaches. But when you have a beach in the army then you're not prefer to come and visit over Jackson. Right. Yeah.
How is the weather today there
you
know?
Till yesterday it was the weather is hot but today here the weather is in 60's So it's a bit good one means. But yesterday it's very hard 80 plus. It was very hard.
What?
Small
Yeah
Baltimore.
Because
earlier,
yeah earlier Rose Lear. I used to live in new york. We
are so more two years back here. Sad.
Not near in the Long Island side. We are drunken coma place. Yeah.
you are in music? That's good to listen.
Okay so you have gets
good. Okay
I have one of a five year old kids. Uh he's he's enjoying in the affairs of the lockdown but now he is a bit more frustrated like
mom.
I wonder. Yeah.
Yeah he is doing his uh school home schooling and it will be only through june only means a A 3rd June they are saying. But after that again they are at home only. So it's a quite bit tough time for them that earlier also they are in the home and now after in their summer vacations also. So
I am,
yeah, exactly.
It's very a tough time in the lockdown. Like I don't know why when this thing will go away and we all will be safe moving around.
Yeah. They have been announcer on methods that the malls are open but still we are quite afraid of going means what?
And with the kids especially we have to take care because kids don't have that much says that not too touching
and not to do touching here
or something.
Even
they are not ready to wear the mask. So
why we are doing this it's coronavirus and why we are doing
like all the questions came like this. So yeah. What well so how you are spending your other uh these days?
That's
good.
You have a good music cooking? Nice.
All that starts
here. I also have a passion of cooking. But nowadays when I'm cooking cooking a lot I don't I'm getting
bored like
So
Yeah. So which uh instrument used to play for your music?
Decision.
Mhm.
That
got
you here.
So you
used
to
do recording. I know that for that.
Like
it has a passion of means music.
So yeah,
so he wants to learn guitar but the uh huh that uh to whom we have started the music she's suggested to go with the piano first and then he can move on
to.
You
No.
I
was
kidding.
But we have started just a few days a few months back and finally those classes of freeze just because of the coronavirus. So he's missing it a lot. I said okay we'll get into it as soon as well. All the things will get through. Good. Yeah.
Music is.
Yeah. I am. I also believe that music is the best thing means for all it works with in all the views either in case of our mental health or physical means it's good.
night.
Yeah. He's not most into the sports. I want him to be in sports too. But when it didn't work out I said okay leave it. I don't want to put pressure on you miss I don't want to force him
to go into sports. We tried soccer for him but it did not work for him. He said I'm getting bored. I don't know I i it's
okay leave it.
Yeah because he's better shy kind of boy two so he don't want to go in a big group and push the ball and like
not.
No.
it's
the nature so that's better to go with that thing. Why to compel anyone? Yeah exactly. So in Miami uh when we visited we visited uh well actually we were planning to go to the Key West also but we were not able to.
so this april in the eastern you're planning that okay we'll go there and we have to cancel our program.
because after
april in May and june it stuff means Miami is no word to. Exactly. Yeah
you are
dear.
like
okay. So many of the business may also be affected because of all these things.
Man.
This is something means the whole world is got shop and actually I don't know how much time means. It will we will get to go through it. It's also not definite like nothing is coming like vaccine or something that people are a bit of satisfaction that okay now
we are
they said at least new york people should have means something for the cure or something. But they are still in bad situation like.
he's here.
They
are much
more
scared than hospital means. Yeah.
seriously
what's
going
on?
Sorry?
Why?
So
is she
fine
you know is she is final? Okay.
because the immunity also goes down with all these stuffs. Yeah.
Exactly.
grow.
Not easy. Right. And that's the main thing that means still now we have we are managing the more more most serious thing which is uh concerning for me is like how long we have to do all this stuff means because
Exactly me. Uh huh. Mhm. For kids also it's very tough means nowadays I'm facing a challenge to make him understand that No we are not going anywhere. We are not going for doing grocery shopping or something because he used to get used to enjoy sometimes doing
all these
drugs
to with.
Thank God I have not plan any internationally because last year I've been to my country and this year also I was thinking of let's go since in december I was planning let's get a ticket of this year to to go and visit my mom and dad. But my
husband
said
don't biden
from
where
India
India. So this time my husband said if you'll go every year then how we will roam here in the US all the places were not able to see. I said okay then let's leave this year and
thankfully
I haven't booked my ticket otherwise
I would
be in the Yeah exactly.
So
you
belong you belong to you. Sorry
you belong to us or some other place.
Okay.
You
are.
Okay. Yeah. Good. Big family. Nice. Nice.
it's good. Like uh nowadays we hardly have one or two kids so they don't have that much of bonding and all these steps are missing. So
Please.
Yeah.
Let's see.
what?
Sweet.
Not
but still learning to are good, but not. Uh
huh.
Come
on.
That's
a good thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good thinking, adoption is also good. Yeah.
That's
why we have, life is going. So we have much time. It's enough time to decide what we want. Exactly. So, but yeah, when we have kids, we have means for, I don't know, we have something after sir, few days of marriage or something. Mm. Kind of uh stability. We warned me something around us that is new. What happening? So that's why you be having a kid. Is that the decision at that time like it comes into our mind that let's have one Karen
some
happening or a new thing for us. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. When you experience I think. Mhm.
No,
that's
next. Everyone has different. Can I agree? Yeah. So your wife is still working or she's a
foster?
Lord.
tonight.
What?
soon.
definitely.
health is also very importantly.
yeah. When I was in new york, I also suddenly underwent one surgery because of my some problem happened in my digestion process and I used my ball, you get abstracted. So
technique. Yeah. So
got to surgery and it was a certain surgery. It was not planned. Like
I
got so much evil pain that I went to the yard and then they said they have to do surgery anyhow. Otherwise
they will not be able to survive. So that time
my kid was two years old, like it was at that time a hard time. New families with us. Some of our friends helped a lot. And uh
when
family, I don't want, no, not any family member around in Jackson. Yes. And they all are in India. My younger brother is in London and I'm here, my parents are in India, so no family means, but some friends are here who
work as a family for us. Uh, yeah,
but not
the blood relation anywhere means, so.
around
six
months. Not long, very long. But yeah, it's still a bit more time for me. Like six months is pretty more with the kid not to I was not able to see him and all those things. And the more unfortunate thing is that it will unplanned that not parents also not able to come because they don't have Visa that then they put on a visa, they got their tickets and then they came around. It's a
month
after
my son.
Then
And my mom came and she took care of me and it was automatically, it's a good atmosphere when it is around you. Then you start recovering nice.
What
about
three
months?
Yeah, that's
14.
It's
just
I
feel
good
through it, Sonia
City. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But you never know what is going on inside your body. And certainly uh, and nowadays due to coronavirus, we are more conscious. But what is happening is like we are taking care of our health also. And at the same time we are eating, we are trying to eat healthy. But the schedule is so means that it's not so
we
snacks in between and all this stuff. So I have even even put on a lot wetter. I'm Karina. Yeah,
I've
been walking but still walking exercise. But not that much we can do as we are free without means with all the things we have a proper schedule. Nowadays I'm working on more also for my office because they know that every time I'm at home. So sometimes in the evening also they're calling and saying can you fix that thing can you? So it's going on like this and all the things
are out of
the city. Yeah
and have to manage the home work also right now. And it's also my husband is also a thing so we have to Take care of this one. Return by 10 to have to manage the kid also.
have to cook also and who only you're not getting anything
from outside like uh right
life has changed. It's a big changes course. Mhm. I don't know what but how it will go through but let's see what for the best and.
start.
I mean china has only some cases and the U. S. Is on the top now. I don't know how it's like
some
measures are not taken properly according to me by the government.
Yeah he's still
into his business and economic. Think he wants to upgrade all those things. But nothing worried about the pandemic me. It
does not seem to me such like he's
more into his business and all those steps side.
That's what
my concern
is like. Earlier when it is the things are closed. I was 60% scared at that time like going out like I was going with the mask and gloves and something whatever it is very necessary for groceries. Mostly we are getting online but sometimes we are going also. But
now
when the things are open I'm much more scared to who I was like, no,
it's better. Yes.
Exactly.
Like
It
does
not
speak.
Yeah. If at least I don't have to go office till june. My
office
has declared that year
that
read wonder
good. Yeah.
that's good.
the work is going on nicely then. They should not be concerned. That's
Yeah I'm working for an I. T. Company and they are also totally cool with working from home and even if they will ask us to come I will not be going I'll be taking work from home because nowadays my kid is at home so I'm not going to put him in any day care for in this situation too so I'm not going to do. Yeah.
All
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah that's good means that's right. Why even if they will not allow that I have a lot. So the thing is I like you because
they
killed
and all our yeah daycares and all are more infected at this time. I'm not going to like
it anywhere like.
so all the atmosphere is also changing like shopping grocery stores and all are pretty cautious but still or the they are putting the glasses in front of the building people and uh social distancing but I don't know how much long time they were going to maintain it. Hope you know where do good at the part. Mhm. I think we are in the middle of our chad. Let me check. How much would you have done? Um
Half
the
we are
We have done 40 minutes.
uh so 25 is pretty cool. I think it's They asked us for 25 minutes and we are good.
Me too nice
talking to
you.
Yeah.
Yeah. Me too nice to meet you. Yeah. Really
good.
Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. Nice water
key.
Bye bye. It. I'm a ticket.