SPEAKER_L: Okay. No. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: scenery.
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Hello? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Are you able to hear me
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I can hear you
SPEAKER_R: okay? You're coming in loud and clear as well.
SPEAKER_L: good, How are you today?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, I'm good, it's a busy week for me. How about yourself? Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: what is your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm robert. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I am mink
SPEAKER_R: Me? That's awesome. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I live in a live in florida, so we're just finally starting to get the nice weather in the area, so it's kind of nice to be able to go outside without being like ridiculously hot.
SPEAKER_L: nice. It's getting colder on the new york here so. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I have a buddy when I started to get really cold now, what? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: How um in florida recently like decides whether
SPEAKER_R: I've been going all right. I mean, I'm sure everywhere in the United States, Covid 19 has kind of put a damper on things, but just just taking it day by day, we're doing okay down here. I mean where I live, at least it's not a whole lot of lockdown, so it's ok, but you know, you run into people aren't wearing masks and stuff like that, that's what it is. How about where
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you are in new york?
SPEAKER_L: um it's everyone's really mask and there are like a lot of gatherings as well like so they just take it off when they're eating and they're eating in tight quarters but outside, so then it's ok for the government.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I went to a friend's house and he's like, oh yeah, there'll be like three or four people there and I show up there's like 40. I'm like, Oh boy.
SPEAKER_L: that's a huge
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And they're just like big parties. Like I was like, all right, well, a little different than three or four people, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: What like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I mean if it was like 10 it's like okay but only it's like super exaggerated.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I guess, I don't know, the weather's turning nice. Everyone thinks like, you know, it's okay if we can just like, I don't want to say non, they're not, they're friends of mine and I want to talk bad about
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Remember so you have a cool chair is
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: like special,
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I I used to when I was used to play video games a lot and I don't do much anymore, but I still I still like the comfort of the gaming chair, so
SPEAKER_L: do you use this stream?
SPEAKER_R: no, I just before I met my I married before I met my wife, we kind of connected over video games and so we played through college and stuff, but now a little bit older, both have jobs don't get to play as often. But when we do we we um it's funny because we were joking about how someone was asking us that we were watching a show like we don't have cable, we just don't watch tv we just play games together. That's about it. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's fun. What kind of games do you guys like to play?
SPEAKER_R: Uh honestly we play any games that we can play together, you know like so we're playing Borderlands three last night and I don't know if you know anything about games at all. Um Playing games yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I know it because like my friends and my brothers like to play but I don't like, I only personally play like, like, you know like jack box or Mario the party games
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's it's shifted from basically the only games I play now or if I can play with her. So it kind of gets expensive because like Goodbye Game 52 copies so
SPEAKER_L: you have like a a room
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: that has
SPEAKER_R: beating.
SPEAKER_L: Like all the monitors set up in 1928.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we were, we were a little, you know, we, it's it's, we were kind of little, I wouldn't say greedy, but we actually just bought the house right now and we really wanted a kind of a din slash game room for ourselves. So that's, that's where I'm in now. We've got this, yeah, that's a nice area outside where we have our guests and we have like our game room, like a little, it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: may be called like a playroom.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: honey. That's awesome. That's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: what, what are you interested in?
SPEAKER_L: Um I like to do what I like, I mean I liked it, I mean I got into roller skating and I recently bought like subscription boxes for cooking and yeah, like the meals just like a lot of different things, just like double and everything too,
SPEAKER_R: So what have you, what have you cooked recently?
SPEAKER_L: so many. Um Yeah, I cooked, what's it like? Okay, so today it's like a, you like stir fry some vegetables and then like some shrimp and kenya. And then, so then like I brought this stuff and then sometimes like a piece. I bought subscription boxes before and I like, I used to like follow it to a T. And like okay and it took so much time but I'd be like reading it and it's like okay now like dice the garlic and I'll be like me, it's like okay now preheat the oven, I'm like, I'm gonna preheat the oven for one dish, so I don't know, it didn't work out too well for me, so now I'm just kind of like using the ingredients and cook it the way I like without following their ingredients, their recipes.
SPEAKER_R: And uh you know.
SPEAKER_L: so that's why I like took their recipes and then I just kind of mix it together, like trump some vegetables up from kenya, some shrimp, and then it's, the ship was supposed to be um shrimp scampi, risotto.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Oh yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but then I didn't use it for that.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, if you like what you like, how it tastes, that's all that matters.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was really good
SPEAKER_R: Uh we about five years ago, my wife and I, we were kind of committed to kind of getting healthy and everything and so we both started running and exercising, so we lost about, you know, I think that both of us lost about £20 but
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure you probably know the biggest component, they always say, you know, you can you can't outrun a bad diet, so we totally changed our diet and uh so she could already cook, but she just started cooking healthier and I learned how to at least bake and do like basic cooking stuff, so but I'm really glad, like I don't know, I feel like I'm like wow, I'm actually an adult now, I'm cooking for myself, I'm baking so mature thing to do. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well how did you, did you always like order takeout or something before
SPEAKER_R: You know, you have those bad habits left over from college,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: know, we've got very few years after college and it's just you know when you're in college you know how it is, you're eating pizza junk food, it's like you just can't do that after college and so we put all that weight and I just said you know what this is this is not healthy, it's not good for us and it's it's we would basically come home, we would both be working desk jobs and then we would sit at our computers or T. V. Or whatever and I'm like you know this is bad. So we started working out and then I just started reading a lot about it and just realize that you know at the end of the day there's nothing no matter how much you work out if you're eating junk food you're never gonna lose weight and so she knew how to cook, so she kind of taught me some stuff and I just did basically want on Youtube and read it and I just read some stuff and yeah, it was a really helpful habit. I'm glad I learned it. But you know, I don't cook as well as she does, but I'd like to do it when you know, she's working a long day. I'll cook when she comes home. But a good little town to have.
SPEAKER_L: what kind of stuff do you like to cook?
SPEAKER_R: What we make the other day? Um So again we still we try to eat fairly healthy occasionally. We'll have like, you know some some dessert here and there. But the other day I so in florida we have I don't know what your local grocery stores ours is called. The public's. I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm proud of it behind new york though but when I called I see
SPEAKER_R: our public sells these, it's like this mixed veggie like frozen veggie bag. It's really delicious. And then I like I just chopped up but I put I put in some some grilled, I just grilled some chicken in our pressure cooker and with some rice and then I always put cheese on stuff of mine. And so we just, I was very flat last night. So yeah, just like a little really easy. But it's, I mean
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: like I
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: call it cooking but I literally used a pressure cooker and some ingredients Republics. So
SPEAKER_L: what? Okay that's cooking. Yeah they say I like like for me like my style of cooking, I just kind of like I mean I put rice in the rice cooker and then everything else is kind of just stir fry it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I never told me how awesome like pressure cookers and rice cookers are like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: oh my gosh there like I always thought like okay there's something wrong with me because I never could get the rice just perfect. And I read someone like you get like a it's a form one whatever pressure cooker and like another rice comes out like perfect. I'm like you know what
SPEAKER_L: you are
SPEAKER_R: my private side and just use this from now on. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: they didn't use the rice cooker like every day
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: are you are you a native new york?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah I've lived here my whole actually I lived in michigan for three years.
SPEAKER_R: data,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm originally from California and I came came to florida for college and that's where I met my wife and we both went to the same college and we just decided we kind of like florida and I interviewed for a job in California um right after college, but I just don't, I kinda went back to where I grew up and I just, it was you know how it is, it's just different, you know when you go back and I just ended up getting a job. I liked a little bit better out here in florida. So stand
SPEAKER_L: which part of California was it?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you're familiar with southern California san Bernardino area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like I mean I think
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: it's okay but not not your area.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I actually grew up in the mountains, so big bear lake, arrowhead running springs. I live in a small town hall Running springs. Yeah it was a great place growing up when you're a kid you can go snowboarding in the winter. Go the beach is only an hour and a half away. But as an adult you know now you're starting to pay taxes and now you gotta commute. So
SPEAKER_L: uh it's super high, the taxes in Cali and in new york. Well
SPEAKER_R: my my wife has a friend in new york and we haven't been there yet but I really you know I've been to new york on business very briefly but she wants to go visit her sometime but we were actually doing this summer but with Covid we're just not able to get that's cool city.
SPEAKER_L: it is a day I love I love new york. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: So as a new york native what would you assuming? Covid breaks the next year. So what would you recommend us do? Like the first thing like not just as tourists but it's like this is what someone's coming new york should do. Like what would you recommend? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Um But there's like so many things you can do and it depends on like what season you come. Um But I guess
SPEAKER_R: The crew time,
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: spring or
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: fall, spring, summer, spring or summer?
SPEAKER_L: in the summer, I mean you could go to center, of course you should go to Central Park and then you can go to on a boat ride, it's like very cheap. It's like Like last time it was like 44 people for like $25 or something.
SPEAKER_R: That's in super heart.
SPEAKER_L: Central Park. Yeah and then you'd be just like right row row your boat there. Uh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like kayaking there, there's a zoo and everything, there's everything in Central Park. Um So many museums and my favourite one is not in Manhattan, it's actually in historia which is in queens. Um And that one is a museum of moving image. So it's just like about me and shows history. Like all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is there's so much, you can do this. Like all the food and the places and so many, oh, all the buildings that you can go to like the vessel. It's
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: like this huge structure. Which is kind of, it's like, where is
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it? Mm hmm. My husband river, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It's always called the vessel.
SPEAKER_L: The vessel. It just opened like last year or Yeah, I think it just opened last year actually.
SPEAKER_R: I have to do that when I, when I get off. That's interesting. Yeah, we would love to, you know, it's funny. I didn't realize how ignorant I was when I have central Park in new york until we were kind of looking at things to do before like back before March, things locked down and I ended up just kind of googling um and using satellite and I'm like, oh my gosh, I had no idea. Central Park was so massive. It's huge.
SPEAKER_L: it's huge.
SPEAKER_R: Like people like, oh yeah, when you think park, you know I'm thinking like this little park but like this is cool like how awesomely large it was. So that anyways so anyways we have a we have a trip planned eventually when covid covid breaks and we'd love to see the city is in the spring or summer. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And then like, there's yeah, there's so much to do in Central Italy and then there's like, but it's just not just not Manhattan only like Brooklyn and queens are so awesome. There's so many things to do there and it depends on what you want to eat and stuff. Um But if you feel like like like indian food or something, you go specifically to like coney Island or Jackson
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: hands, but if you like like chinese food of course you know they're splashing, there's chinatown and you like italian food is little italy and they're just like all these towns all in new york and it's like super authentic. Really really awesome.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds cool. I haven't. So I mean again I grew up in California so we have a lot of food diversity but I live in the mountains so I didn't really get to experience it. But I would take I do an annual business trip. I used to an annual business trip to Washington D. C. And they had kind of a diverse selection of foods. Probably not like new york. But I remember one of the trips I took I was taking. So I had to um internship mentorship program I took I call them kids but they were all like young adults like 16-18 years old. And I remember one of the young ladies, she's like oh I just I'm really excited, I heard a lot about chinatown, I want to see it and I was like well I hope you know it's not like it's not this it's okay, it's nothing amazing. And so we get off the they have the metro, we get off the metro and she's like where's china? I'm like well that's it right there, it's like this robe.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty great, it's a small school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's it. I'm like yeah it's not like a big city or just this little row and she was depressed and I just I crack up every time I think to see your face because she's a very sweet girl but just a 16 years, she's like oh like so
SPEAKER_L: I need
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: to go to like the big chinatown's like
SPEAKER_R: I think he's thinking like san Francisco chinatown is what you probably
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: want.
SPEAKER_L: new york chinatown which is like 10 streets.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah nothing D. C. Is nothing like new york. And to be fair they had a great we ate there one of the restaurants phenomenal but it's tiny it's like again I think it's just one not even a whole streets like half the street so it's a good good experience though. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's fun. Um
SPEAKER_R: So what do you what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: uh I'm a therapist, like occupational therapist.
SPEAKER_R: alcohol. How long the japan, how long have you been doing that?
SPEAKER_L: From three years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. You like it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love it.
SPEAKER_R: That's great.
SPEAKER_L: how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I I have to my one of my main job is I'm a teacher and so I teach down um I teach mostly high school and I teach a few college courses but I also do um some programs for middle schoolers mostly just after school programs just to help them have them have something to do at a local community center and then um I have a real estate business, I teach real estate, so just pre licensing, but that's all done online now, so I just do my real estate school that I have with two other guys now. Three, we do most of that. In fact it's all online now, so it's basically helping people prepare for their real estate exam because they have to take in florida, not only you have to take a school exam, you take a state exam and
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: prep for that state exam, things like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How long does the course?
SPEAKER_R: So the in Florida you have a pre licensing course, it's 63 hour pre licensing course and then after you get, so you have to you have to 63 hours in the classroom and then you have to get a 70 on your real estate exam, and then you can take a state exam, which is a 75. So I tell him I said listen, it's you know, it's not the most exciting stuff to do, but it pays the bills and I kind of have fun with it because I get to basically what I'm doing with you, but talk about real estate and engage people. I like, I like that aspect of it where I can, you know, I don't know, I kinda have to have this think outside the box thing because people always call in with interesting questions and You know, I could be talking to someone that's you know, you know 60 and trying to help them through a question or a kid just out of high school at 18, you can, you can get your license at 18. So I got like that aspect of it um and I love teaching too, so I have great kids that I teach and it's just you know a nice nice and I'm a very busy. I'm sure you could tell very people person I like that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_L: Are you a real estate agent too?
SPEAKER_R: I had my real estate license but when I first, so when I first got it I was I was pretty young and I wasn't very good at it, so I still hold it now but I found them actually a better teacher than real estate agent
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: real estate to be a real estate agent. You have to be very um you have to sell yourself, you don't get a regular paycheck. So it's just it was tough for me like I like I needed to kind of that regularity especially in a paycheck and it was good. I mean I may eventually get back into it but right now I enjoy the teaching.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What do you teach subject wise?
SPEAKER_R: So right now the for the high school, um I have my masters in history, so I do history and then for the college classes I don't have my doctorate so I can't teach there. But I do after school stuff for political science, history and uh help with the icon. But I don't have a good enough background to teach them, but it's still kind of a fun thing to engage the kids with just kind of help them intuitive that
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of fun stuff. And so that's actually one of the reasons why I stayed in florida. You know, it's just I had that opportunity and I took it and it's just kind of a nice little opportunity. Doesn't pay as much as if I were back in California, but I'm glad I stayed here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because um well yeah kelly is really expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's you know and I I kind of missed the family but you know it's they come and visit. They love coming to florida. So how did you get into occupational therapy?
SPEAKER_L: Um just like my friend recommended, well he was like oh he's going to do it and I'm like what's that? So then I started volunteering at like different settings and I really liked it. So um I actually work at the schools as well. Yeah, so I work with like five year olds all the way to high schoolers as well. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Have you found, uh I mean it's probably is a rhetorical question, but if you found being more it's more challenging this year because of covid and what the kids are going through or what any different dynamic this year than previous years.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure, like before I was just kind of uh I have all my equipment with me and if it didn't work with the student then I would like pull up something else. But then like here everything is like online so I can't really see them. It's kind of hard to share the screen there. Maybe they have technology barriers or something like that, and then I just have to work around that. Also if something doesn't work, I have to like be like, okay, hold on, let's fix it, let's like change everything up. And just, it takes like more time to do an activity as well as it was in person. Quite like some activities are easier, such as like, I guess like typing or something. Yeah, it just got to work with different like activities, like it's harder for me to see how they hold a pencil.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah, that would be, especially like you said if they have, you know, if there I know that some of the kids I work with, uh we we had to move some of the classes online and so we crafted program specifically for online. But it didn't really occur to me that some of these families I have probably about 30% of my kids I work with are Hispanic, but they're like 2nd and 3rd generation Hispanics. I didn't even occur to me that a portion of the small portion but their parents are they don't have access to the internet so we had to kind of work with them. So it's just something that you know, it kind of occurred to me and so that I had to kind of open up my had to I had to realize a way of making the classes accessible for them.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean uh like the schools here, they, if the parents don't have any technology at home, they just like we fill out a form for them and then they get to pick up a device for free, just like loan out for them too for the classrooms and assignments. I don't know, they have that program in florida.
SPEAKER_R: They had so they allowed the students to check out like laptops and things like tablets, tablets, which was really nice. Um and then so what we end up doing when I say it was really a small number of kids that was three families and we basically we um we kind of worked through, it was just just working through and problem solving with the parents and so we were able to figure out a way that the student could go to the local library, use the internet there. We did the, did the stuff there and then, you know, when that way he was all done before even went home and it worked out actually fairly well and then, so yeah, I mean it's, it's just, it was just interesting, you know, and I, that's the one thing that kind of Covid I did appreciate about Covid did was a lot of people in the community that kind of came together to help help those that, that we're really struggling. So it's kind
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: of nice to see that.
SPEAKER_L: surprise your library was still open though, Like all mine are closed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we have a, I think it's, I mean, I've just been in there, I've been in there a couple times with the kids and then devote, I went there to vote, but I think the whole thing is open. I mean you still have to wear the masks and everything, but from like, I think the whole thing is open. Yeah, it's uh it's nice. I mean, well most of our restaurants are open, but at limited capacity. Um There's only a handful that are doing just take out. Uh but like I said, I've just got to, you know, I have, my parents aren't clear in good health, but they're older and so we just, we're trying to be extra cautious. We don't want to get them sick. Well we don't wanna get sick either, but especially for my parents.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh I see. Yeah. Well, I mean they live in California, so they're really hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they do. But they come to visit probably three or four times a year.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, so they took the plane?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll take the plan. So I don't know if you're familiar with this phrase snowbird, So snowbirds are people, they usually come from either up north or from out west where it's cold and so they've been going back and forth. And so now they're here for another two weeks I think before they go back home in january and then they'll come back out again. So snowbirds are people who basically come here for like the four or five at most, four or five, really nice months. But some people stay, like my parents will stay for like a couple weeks, not with me, but they'll stay and so we'll interact with them pretty frequently. Oh
SPEAKER_L: wow. Do they have like another property there or something?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they have a, they used to, they used to um, what I call that website, Airbnb it and then when they're not, there be being, if they stay in it.
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Um, but it's a uh, yeah, it's just, it's just been really, I just, I don't know. I tell him I said I would just rather you guys just moved out here permanently. You know, you're going back and forth. But
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: my dad,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I'm never going to be there for a florida summer. I'm like that, you know, it doesn't get much harder than where you live now. Like, You know, the mountains get, it actually gets kind of hot in the mountains. It gets up to like the 90s and uh, so where I live, it's humid, but it doesn't get hot and it's never in my city, it's never broken 100 degrees. It's the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: was just
SPEAKER_R: like 98 and like peaks right in 1999.
SPEAKER_L: although it's not that bad, I mean it's like hot but it's not like
SPEAKER_R: And everything in florida. I tell my dad, I said listen in the summertime, I said, why don't we just, you just go outside to like, you know, maybe to do some basic stuff. And I said, but you don't have, you sound like you're working outdoors. so
SPEAKER_L: that's true. That's true.
SPEAKER_R: everything is air conditioned. So anyways there, you know my parents, I love my death but you know I love they gonna make their own decisions.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How how long does it stay like 90s were they? How many months? It's summer there,
SPEAKER_R: well uh up until two weeks ago, so from like april to yeah like the end of october
SPEAKER_L: You know that salt? Like all like 90s? Like all those ones?
SPEAKER_R: I mean you'll get you'll get some days with the eighties but yeah, I mean and some are definitely but you know I was joking with the kids I work with, we did this Halloween event and um so I said it was outdoors because we didn't want to do any indoor things and so what we did was we had this we we gave out candy to the community but it was like on this device that would give candy up to, I saw it on on Youtube. But anyways um I said guys, I said when I grew up I said it was it was sometimes snow on the ground and here we are like sweating and it's like uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh there is color week and it's true. Mhm Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mhm
SPEAKER_R: Well I think it's been 25 minutes and it's been
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: very very pleasant talking with you. It's
SPEAKER_L: what so nice to meet you robert?
SPEAKER_R: same time and good luck with everything. Stay safe and stay healthy.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. You too. Thank you.