Okay. No. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi. Hello? Yeah
yeah, I can hear you
good, How are you today?
what is your name?
I am mink
Yeah.
nice. It's getting colder on the new york here so. Uh
How um in florida recently like decides whether
No
um it's everyone's really mask and there are like a lot of gatherings as well like so they just take it off when they're eating and they're eating in tight quarters but outside, so then it's ok for the government.
that's a huge
What like
I mean if it was like 10 it's like okay but only it's like super exaggerated.
Yeah. Remember so you have a cool chair is
like special,
do you use this stream?
Yeah, it's fun. What kind of games do you guys like to play?
I know it because like my friends and my brothers like to play but I don't like, I only personally play like, like, you know like jack box or Mario the party games
you have like a a room
that has
Like all the monitors set up in 1928.
What?
No,
honey. That's awesome. That's
good.
Um I like to do what I like, I mean I liked it, I mean I got into roller skating and I recently bought like subscription boxes for cooking and yeah, like the meals just like a lot of different things, just like double and everything too,
so many. Um Yeah, I cooked, what's it like? Okay, so today it's like a, you like stir fry some vegetables and then like some shrimp and kenya. And then, so then like I brought this stuff and then sometimes like a piece. I bought subscription boxes before and I like, I used to like follow it to a T. And like okay and it took so much time but I'd be like reading it and it's like okay now like dice the garlic and I'll be like me, it's like okay now preheat the oven, I'm like, I'm gonna preheat the oven for one dish, so I don't know, it didn't work out too well for me, so now I'm just kind of like using the ingredients and cook it the way I like without following their ingredients, their recipes.
so that's why I like took their recipes and then I just kind of mix it together, like trump some vegetables up from kenya, some shrimp, and then it's, the ship was supposed to be um shrimp scampi, risotto.
Yeah, but then I didn't use it for that.
Yeah, it was really good
one.
Well how did you, did you always like order takeout or something before
you
know?
what kind of stuff do you like to cook?
yeah I'm proud of it behind new york though but when I called I see
do you
want
what? Okay that's cooking. Yeah they say I like like for me like my style of cooking, I just kind of like I mean I put rice in the rice cooker and then everything else is kind of just stir fry it.
What?
you are
they didn't use the rice cooker like every day
more.
Yeah yeah I've lived here my whole actually I lived in michigan for three years.
Yeah. How about you?
which part of California was it?
Yeah like I mean I think
it's okay but not not your area.
uh it's super high, the taxes in Cali and in new york. Well
it is a day I love I love new york. Mhm
Um But there's like so many things you can do and it depends on like what season you come. Um But I guess
in
time
in the summer, I mean you could go to center, of course you should go to Central Park and then you can go to on a boat ride, it's like very cheap. It's like Like last time it was like 44 people for like $25 or something.
Central Park. Yeah and then you'd be just like right row row your boat there. Uh
like kayaking there, there's a zoo and everything, there's everything in Central Park. Um So many museums and my favourite one is not in Manhattan, it's actually in historia which is in queens. Um And that one is a museum of moving image. So it's just like about me and shows history. Like all that stuff.
Yeah. Is there's so much, you can do this. Like all the food and the places and so many, oh, all the buildings that you can go to like the vessel. It's
like this huge structure. Which is kind of, it's like, where is
it? Mm hmm. My husband river, wow.
The vessel. It just opened like last year or Yeah, I think it just opened last year actually.
it's huge.
And then like, there's yeah, there's so much to do in Central Italy and then there's like, but it's just not just not Manhattan only like Brooklyn and queens are so awesome. There's so many things to do there and it depends on what you want to eat and stuff. Um But if you feel like like like indian food or something, you go specifically to like coney Island or Jackson
hands, but if you like like chinese food of course you know they're splashing, there's chinatown and you like italian food is little italy and they're just like all these towns all in new york and it's like super authentic. Really really awesome.
it's pretty great, it's a small school.
I need
to go to like the big chinatown's like
like
new york chinatown which is like 10 streets.
that's fun. Um
uh I'm a therapist, like occupational therapist.
From three years. Yeah.
Yeah, I love it.
how about you?
that's cool.
How long does the course?
Are you a real estate agent too?
And
Yeah. What do you teach subject wise?
Okay, that's cool.
Yeah because um well yeah kelly is really expensive.
Um just like my friend recommended, well he was like oh he's going to do it and I'm like what's that? So then I started volunteering at like different settings and I really liked it. So um I actually work at the schools as well. Yeah, so I work with like five year olds all the way to high schoolers as well. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure, like before I was just kind of uh I have all my equipment with me and if it didn't work with the student then I would like pull up something else. But then like here everything is like online so I can't really see them. It's kind of hard to share the screen there. Maybe they have technology barriers or something like that, and then I just have to work around that. Also if something doesn't work, I have to like be like, okay, hold on, let's fix it, let's like change everything up. And just, it takes like more time to do an activity as well as it was in person. Quite like some activities are easier, such as like, I guess like typing or something. Yeah, it just got to work with different like activities, like it's harder for me to see how they hold a pencil.
Mm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean uh like the schools here, they, if the parents don't have any technology at home, they just like we fill out a form for them and then they get to pick up a device for free, just like loan out for them too for the classrooms and assignments. I don't know, they have that program in florida.
And
surprise your library was still open though, Like all mine are closed.
Uh huh I see. Yeah. Well, I mean they live in California, so they're really hard.
my gosh, so they took the plane?
wow. Do they have like another property there or something?
thanks.
That's
what?
I
was just
although it's not that bad, I mean it's like hot but it's not like
that's true. That's true.
Yeah. How how long does it stay like 90s were they? How many months? It's summer there,
You know that salt? Like all like 90s? Like all those ones?
Oh there is color week and it's true. Mhm Uh huh
mhm
Well,
what so nice to meet you robert?
Uh huh. You too. Thank you.