you know. Bad. Yeah a small window. Okay. What's next? Mm. Waiting for Jet partner. Uh Oh. Mhm. Okay. Everything looks good. It's not too shallow mm. Do you think? What do you think buddy? I think it's all right. Yeah. Yeah. Four damn it crab. And it come on come here yeah turn this way yes mm. Okay. Okay mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm mm. Right. Mhm. Uh huh mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh trump mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh mm. Mhm mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All right true. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Four o'clock. 4:00. What can we do? Oh
hello.
Pretty good. How are you?
look
at that.
yeah it's like you have some sunlight there too. Oh
Ohio
yeah. Little colorado. That's a beautiful state.
Well yeah
that's
uh huh It's 89 here right now.
The
crowd.
it is it's nice
Square.
I didn't get any list. They said there were different possibilities so.
Yeah it's about the best part of winter is sitting by the fireplace and watching the birds out the window.
Well
would
Sounds like you need someone to take a look at that.
No.
Yeah so it works better now. Let's
Um Pretty good. We're kind of in the middle of the drought right now. Flowers in my garden watered and
what?
the
farmers
are really really begging for rain right now. Yards are all turning brown so and
people
that's my dog.
His his name is Sin.
He's a cattle dog mix with a fox terrier.
About
22.
Is a small dog. We have three dogs here.
Yeah there's a pit bull mix and a cattle dog. Both
of the bounds.
Yeah it is um the other two are older but this little one gets him playing.
Oh that sounds great. I love puppies
which
is
yeah fans just over two years old. So
we got him
um the shelter had they found some dogs on the street and this was one of them. He was seven weeks old. He went Wait about 11 lbs when we got him. It was nice. He's been uh he's adapted pretty well. He loves the other dogs and chases
kind of bossing them around. Or God does.
it's a little
harder
harder to retrain than it is to train initially. Oh.
Has
to be a huge huge change for adult to come out of that.
baby.
yeah,
every year I've been gardening favorite is the berries I have strawberry patch, raspberry patch
started and blackberries are going crazy.
Mhm.
Yeah. Northern Minnesota, that's probably one of the coldest places.
I remember watching the football games with the Minnesota Vikings and the reason that was so cold and everybody's brand
and
you know
they were freezing.
yeah it's terrible sometimes I feel that way about people in florida because once it gets there, I mean they're stuck in the air conditioning for six
or seven months.
What can
that's what my daughter dealt with a lot, she just came home from uh
South africa, he's poor there and she loved it even though it was so hot. They didn't and they had blackouts like all the time during the week and on and on. Uh she
didn't
seem to mind
the
condition.
Um She was teaching school
Children
are teaching all subjects And you know math and other things just for the uh like 4th and 5th graders mostly I believe
now
she's home and she's teaching english to the chinese people online. That's what
kind of stuck at home pretty much. Well
it's a good
well
that's easily
But
come
early
covid
stuff.
She came home a little early because she got a fever of 104 and she was really sick. So
tried
it was
but
so that the African doctors couldn't really figure it out enough so they sent her home and uh some type of autoimmune disease, I don't know which one or exactly how to deal with it. So it's kind of trying to figure it out why she works and as other things just
Portland Portland Oregon is where she went to school. But
um reed college.
Okay cool. Yeah she loved it there. We went out in the visitor and a every other bar we went to we just drank cambodia instead of alcohol. Which I thought it was a positive change for the place. What? Okay
that,
hang on
I just,
Oh
you know the cambodia and tap was pretty excellent. I got a book started making someone home which was kind of fun.
it's
really easy mainly just you blew up grew up some of your favorite t and then um lot of sugar keep it covered with a cheesecloth or you know whatever you have
Actually um I know somebody who makes some homemade stuff. I I buy it from him like at the farmer's market every other
so I just took one and left it out for a long time and took the scoping out of that and got it going on my own.
As long as not the store bought pasteurized stuff, you know, I don't think
you discover
those.
It's fun
to
experiment
with your own flavors and stuff.
I like the joke. Alan and we have a cherry tree with sour cherries, The Cherries in one batch. And I really love that the hard
part is getting consistent on carbonation. Some great carbonation. Other ones are trying to flat so and the
people who made it told me that's pretty much the most difficult part.
Uh It does yeah. My wife,
you know and that's one of the reasons she drinks it.
Well we just have one anchor but that's actually enough to do pretty much everything we want.
Look
brian.
So
what else
have you been
growing?
Do
you make me look at that?
Well
Lana
that's
happening
to
mine
too.
It's it's being all chewed up holes in the leaves.
I don't
want them. It was making yellow flowers instead of nice broccoli heads. So I need to figure out why.
I pretty
much made a mixed match of soil from a bunch of malts that had been setting for years that under well turned into soil. So I'm not sure if that's good soil or bad soil for certain things.
Well
yeah I haven't either. I just kind of mixed everything up and see what grows best and.
yeah that's kind of worse because the roots can rotten gave them then
what
for
Yeah that too.
well yeah a couple inches or even half an inch of rain would be great. We got a quarter two weeks ago and that's always bad for the last probably five weeks.
So
come on.
Part of the problem is it's uh it's scattered because we get the isolated thunderstorms and five miles down the road that they got a good rain and we got nothing and
we do
in different areas. I drive when I go through a lot of brown areas and then go through a few places. They have green lawns, Different driving, driving up north from here about 50 miles. Parents place I have gardens up there as well so. Oh
my sister's help with those though, so
really broke my mom's favorites there. She loves beats and peas. We
had a lot of bamboo my dad planted years ago, gets 10 or 12 ft tall. So we cut that and put that in the ground all around the he's and let them grow up that and then
on the ground.
No.
Yeah, it saves a lot of space.
They don't have to pay $7 for each tomato gauge. Real expensive when you got 20 or 30 tomatoes. So uh huh
uh we, we free some of them and give a lot away. I mean I have five sisters and one brother. So we kind of all examine.
no trying all different kinds. I found some purple tomatoes, purple all the way through. I grew purple carrots before. So I was surprised to find purple carrots and purple uh tomatoes and purple broccoli, which I got that growing out back now.
That's what I was wondering. They say the things that are in blueberries that make them purple. I think there are so the anthems Santon's or something like that.
But they're
Yes, exactly. So trying to stay healthy and seems to be the best way.
Well
it's hard to say, I mean it kind of takes over a lot of places actually. It's illegal because it's an invasive plant and overran my parents flower garden completely.
yeah. And actually underneath the roots has got several layers of roots going and the roots are as strong as the bamboo. So get
out
is going,
you have to use an axe,
three layers of routes to get To the bottom. And then when you have a, you know, it's like a 20 x 100 ft area. All right, forever I think. Unless somebody brings you both to you sir.
Yeah. I used to chop it out and put the flowers in those spaces for a couple of years of that. I just couldn't keep up with it anymore and work tonight. You too?
Probably great for the my elderly parents because you know, you don't have so much traffic anymore. And I've heard bamboo flooring looks really nice.
I
just
wonder
how they, how they make that from stocks in flooring.
So many
things that we learned on the internet. It's nice to look things up and watch the Youtube videos.
um No, I don't think I have.
Right. Unless you buy the unprocessed, we're all sugar. That's
what
we want.
You know. Right.
I don't know how they come up with all the things they invented I guess. They just you're trying to do something they wanted to do and he basically found a way,
I can speak as the light changes on you. It's starter and then brightens up and
Both
well.
Well
yeah. I think we did.
Yeah. So you like prolific. I mean do you do a lot of stuff on there?
Well
I make
you
go.
Yeah. I usually pick out the ones I like and I made $52,000 a month, which
Is that a little bit?
was
it was a psych major Ohio state. So I find he's really interesting. So
of, a lot of them don't make any sense. I don't know what they're trying to figure out, so.
Well,
but yes, it's hard to say.
Okay. Well, I did enjoy talking to you. Good luck with your
and
the dogs.
I hope so.