hello.
Oh hey how's it going?
Good. It sounds like there's a little bit of
an excellent
but that's okay.
Nice sunny day part of the country were located in.
Oh cool. Nice. I'm in colorado.
It is a beautiful state.
of nice mountains,
nice sunshine. All sorts of stuff like that.
89 wow. I think it's uh you know it's in the high eighties
here. I
haven't looked at the actual number yet. I know we were supposed to get up to 87 or 88 today so I guess summer is definitely here.
Yeah. Yeah.
Dina are we do we have anything specific? We're supposed to talk about her? We're just supposed to chat for 25 minutes.
That's what I thought too. But yeah I didn't either so All right I guess we just chat about whatever. Good. Well it looks like you have a lovely fireplace in your background.
Sure. Is it would or is it a gas
fireplace?
Nice. Nice. Those are wonderful. I love the the wood smell. The wood smoke smell. We have one here too, but we've been having problems with it. Um I think we just fixed it, but apparently the person who installed it, the previous owner didn't do a good job of sealing it um like actually didn't seal it properly so the whole house on the inside would really smell like smoke and actually like it was kind of irritating my allergies this winter, which was a bit frustrating.
Yeah, well we got some uh
some sort of fireproof tape like fiberglass or something and we were able to lift it up and line it around it. But that was a project because it's very heavy. Which I imagine yours is as well
since it yeah, that we did that in the spring and it's been warm. So You usually want to use a wood fired stove too much when it's 89° outside. Yeah. So how's your summer going so far?
Sure I hadn't heard about
a drought in that part of the country interesting. Do
you
spend?
Yeah that's uh it's stressful, definitely makes you happy to be uh
at a time of history when we don't depend on rain so much for a day to day. Was that a dog or cat? I can only see ears. So cute.
Who is this
Finn? He's very cute. What kind of dog is thin?
Oh nice. Looks like he's a good size
like he can you can
still pick them up. Yeah.
Oh really? Yeah I think I just heard some mothers bark
fun.
That's a lot of dog energy in the house.
Sure. Sure. That's really fun. Yeah. We have one dog here we have a german shorthaired pointer who's mostly pretty lazy because she seven, but we're about to get uh I have a husky puppy too and she's been living with my parents, but she's about to come back, so
yeah, well she's a year and a half old now, so she's not a little
puppy
anymore, but she's still got some of that puppy goofiness.
Fun,
fun.
that's good,
Yeah, I feel like I've never gotten a puppy that little, the husky I got her when she was six months old, which in some ways was nice to not have to deal with some of the really little puppy things. But also I have always kind of wanted to get a puppy from young so that you can, you know, totally train them and hopefully do not deal with any bad habits from previous situations or anything like that. But yeah,
dogs
are great.
fortunately my husky at, at six months old, she, she didn't have too many bad habits, but she'd been mostly living in a kennel outside, so she wasn't really house trained. So it was interesting traveling across country and staying in hotels with her since she just like didn't really understand yet, but she was old enough that she could hold it. So like setting a schedule and going out every couple hours didn't really work that well because she didn't really necessarily get that. That was the time for to go to the bathroom, but not only it only took a couple of weeks to get her fully, fully house trained. I just didn't expect it with a six month old dog. Yeah, yeah.
So
sure. Yeah, definitely. I mean she's been living with her siblings and a lot of other huskies and now she's a, she's been an only only dog for a long time now and gets lots of walks and dog park time instead. Yeah.
But this sweet girl, so you garden a lot?
Oh, what kind?
Oh, that's great.
Oh, already, wow, okay, nice.
I'm originally from northern Minnesota, so still to me it seems like late july and august are very season. So I'm always a little surprised. Like I used to live in Oregon where strawberries would be ready in june and I always felt really weird to me because I don't start thinking about strawberries, like local strawberries until much later in the summer and raspberries were like definitely in august thing.
Yes, it is very cold there. Sometimes it's colder there than it is in Alaska.
sometimes
snowing
during
the game. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's a, it's a cool place if you like winter sports and snow, which I do, it's a great place but I think for the people who don't it's a really challenging place to live and you don't last very long there. Yeah. Because in the winter, if you're not interested in something like skiing or snowshoeing or anything that involves snow, you're kind of just stuck inside for like six or seven months.
Thanks.
Yeah, that's true. That's a good point. I think that would that would be just as problematic. Yeah. I lived in Indonesia for a couple of months and I kind of felt that way being stuck inside without air conditioning, but like with just a fan, like you had to either some some small rooms that have those little, you know, those like wall mounted A. C. Units that are maybe like two or three ft wide. Um But they don't call that big of an area and they use a lot of electricity and the where I was the the grid wasn't that stable so there were blackouts pretty often.
So
just
was
she doing
there
with
a piece car,
Take
teaching english or just teaching?
Great. That's awesome.
That's
she?
it's a good
skill that's
easily
transferable. Did
she have to come
early
because of covid
stuff
or was she scheduled to come home?
Yeah.
Want to get
to the health
care that she trusts?
That's unfortunate.
Which school?
Nice. That's a good school.
that is
a nice thing. I love kombucha because I
I just
moved to Colorado from Eugene, which is about two hours south of Portland. Um And yeah,
I really like Oregon. It's a fun fun state. There is a lot of beer around too. But I it is nice actually, a lot of the time I'll go and get a kombucha instead of a beer. I want to go out with my friends because yeah, I don't always want a beer and also beers a lot more expensive. So if you're on a budget but still want something to drink.
Oh you did. I actually, I was just looking up how to do that. Um
I
Right. Did you get a Scobie from somebody or did you make your own?
great.
Oh, cool. Oh, that's a good way to do that. I should try to do it that way.
Because that
it won't
be alive. Yeah, because I am, Yeah, I've been thinking about that. And of course in Eugene, I could have just put a post up on like next door or something and probably would have had like 20 people offering me Scobie. But I think here in Colorado, it's not really caught on in quite the same way yet. So that's a good idea though. I'll have to try that.
good way
to
do it.
Yeah. What's worked out really well for you? Any flavors that have been big hits?
But
That's
okay. Does it still taste good if it's not carbonated?
This is not the same.
Sure. You must have a lot of, a lot of property if you've got all those berries and also cherry tree and everything or you're just really good at fitting it all into a small space.
Yeah, one anchor is pretty big. I think that's a lot more space than this place that I'm at has I think we're on like, or on less than half an acre, so, and we we put into raised beds this spring. Um this is my, I guess I've done raised beds before for vegetables, but um this is, I've always been a little late on getting the plants in because it's been in Oregon and in Oregon you plant in like March and in March. I'm just not thinking it's time to start my garden yet because I'm used to, even though I haven't lived in Minnesota for more than 10 years because
it's what I grew up with in my mind, March is not when you start thinking about your garden. And
so I've always been really late there, but this year for the first time, I feel like we're really on top of things and it's been really fun. But we have to raised beds that are three by seven and three by eight. And they are jam packed. We definitely learned some lessons about just how big things like kale and cabbage will get. Yeah it's been it's been fun though. It's there's a lot to keep up on
with
weaving
and
stuff. Um So we have kale cabbage is um two types of tomatoes. We've got some strawberries but they're kind of getting shaded out by the kale now. Um We've got peas, both snap peas and snow peas. Um Lots of zucchini which is starting to produce fruit now as well. Um Some
chives.
Yeah I I haven't yet
I just got the first zucchini off of it yesterday. But I do I have made zucchini bread in the past. It's tasty. I'll probably do some um we and we have four zucchini plants. I did them from seeds and so I planted multiple pots because you know usually they don't all germinate and they were actually the most successful of all my starts. And so then I was like well where am I going to put all these zucchinis there now We've got a couple of zucchini plants kind of shoehorned inside the flower garden as well.
Hopefully won't overtake that too much. Um Yeah and then we've also got we've got chives and we've got peppers, bell peppers and hot and a cayenne pepper. Um And some broccoli though the broccoli is really struggling. Um I think it's just it's going to be really eaten by some insect and I haven't figured out what
and
what the
best
way
is.
Yeah some of mine are so chewed up that they're basically aren't leaves anymore. It's a little
discouraging
Yeah maybe a nutrient thing. Too much is it? I think too much nitrogen I'd have to look it up but I know that the different
nutrients.
Yeah I that's a good question. I don't know I've never really done a lot of the actual measuring of the soil properties for garden.
So.
Yeah. Well I think a lot of gardening is trial and error. So even if you do everything perfectly by the book really scientifically there's so many other factors that are out of our control like how much rain you get. Like if I mean of course you can supplement during a drought but if you're having the opposite problem and your soil gets waterlogged that's kind of hard to deal with.
Yeah exactly or like wash
away
depending on what kind of area you're in.
Yeah but it sounds like you guys could really use some heavy rain there so.
wow interesting. I
hadn't heard about
a drought in Ohio at all. It's funny how you know some things make it up to the national news level and some don't
and you just keep getting missed by the thunderstorm Sounds
like
Gardens everywhere.
Okay. That's really cool though.
would be so good.
that's
That's a natural
trellis.
That's really cool.
that adds up very fast. That's a lot of tomatoes. What do you do with all the tomatoes? Do you preserve them somehow?
Nobody buys tomatoes all summer.
So you can just have a full purple dinner.
Yeah it's supposed
to be like high in antioxidants right?
Yeah and having a good diet is
definitely a really a key foundation to staying healthy. Yeah that's really cool. I don't think we could get bamboo to grow in colorado. I don't think that gets enough moisture.
Oh wow. Yeah and it's hard to get out right because it sprouts so easily.
Seems
to really like
dig it out with something really sharp or something
and acts okay
Yeah like I don't know like a ditch witch or something like that just to break it up. I didn't know that bamboo had that sort of structure underground. That is really impressive.
Yeah it's really amazing how fast it grows but it's cool that people are starting to come up with more and more ways to use it as a building material like um I was just at a friend's house and they had put in some bamboo floors which looked really nice and I guess I've heard that they don't last as long and they're easily scratched. Um But they're not very expensive and they look nice. So I guess if they probably wouldn't work in a like maybe in a house with dogs that might not be as good because of the dog's nails but um in the right right area of your house or something like that it could be a good relatively sustainable and inexpensive option.
Yeah it looks nice. We were really surprised that it was bamboo. I'm just looking at it like it looked like any other would. Um So
I
don't
know.
Yeah I wonder that too. It's a good question I
mean
yeah that's true. Yeah. Have you ever seen seen the show how it's made?
Uh It's really I think it's actually been around for a long time and they just have a lot of stuff. We just watched one on sugar the other night which was really cool. Um So it was about um sugar cane sugar and I bet the process is a little different for sugar beets, but there are so many steps and I kept watching it. I just kept wondering like how did they figure this out, who were the first people that there's just so many steps and like so many chemicals that get added. And it was it was really fascinating, especially since sugar is something that I feel like these days we kind of take for granted, like I just got to go and grab the sugar from the cabinet. And so it was really fascinating to watch that and watch it change color too because it starts out kind of brown. And then of course once we get it from the store it's pure white.
Which
I
yeah, that is what we've bought most recently too. But um yeah, I recommend it. There is some some cool things. I think they've covered a whole range of things, but I don't eat a lot of candy. But for some reason I think the candy ones were the ones that I found the most interesting because of the the machinery they've come up to do them. There's also one for, do you know, double bubble. The chewing gum.
That one was cool because the machines that they used to um to actually wrap each individual thing. I don't remember the exact number, but it's something like 900 per minute. Get wrapped. Like the machine goes so fast that even slowed down a ton. It looks like it was going really fast. So just thinking about like the engineering prowess behind that machinery, it was really, really fun to think about and it's just impressive that
yeah, probably lots of trial and error and stuff like that too. But yeah, it's cool stuff. It's really fun. So speaking of thunderstorms, I can see there's some clouds moving in past.
Mhm Yeah, I'm sitting right next to a window
so that makes sense that it would really changed a lot.
I wonder if we'll get a thunderstorm. I can see the wind picking up to. It's kind of I think similar here to how it is in Ohio though that they will be the thunderstorms sometimes will be the big thunderstorms like it, you know, a whole big wide area,
but a lot of the time it's much more spotty stuff. So Yeah, it can be like hailing in a really severe thunderstorm five miles away and it's still funny here. It makes it hard to know like when you see clouds moving in, like should we go inside? Should we bring in the cushions on the outside furniture because it might rain but it might not about equal chances. Um well it looks like we just reached our 25 minute timer.
Alright, well nice chatting with you and
yeah, I you know sometimes I usually have it open, I'm a grad student so I'm I'm just at a point in my dissertation where I'm just writing. Um So I'm on my computer all the time so I usually have it open and sometimes there's a lot of studies and sometimes I won't get one for several days. Um But I usually try to do it when I see it and it's I haven't
it hasn't been like a huge earner for me but it's a nice little supplemental income and some
of the
studies
are interesting.
It's pretty good.
Yeah I think that's probably more than I make. So that's awesome. And I think it's fun to try to think about what they might be trying to look at with the studies because sometimes
it's really unclear.
So you're probably familiar with some of the questions like the standard questions?
Yeah especially some of the studies that are really short, like two questions long and like what are you getting out of this or like one question and the demographics I guess if you're just doing like a really basic study, your stats problem
or something. But
yeah. But yeah I like prolific. It's it's been fun for the most part. Yeah. Yeah.
yeah. Thank you, nice chatting with you, good luck with your garden and um I hope
that
all purple meal is very tasty.
All right, bye.