Mhm. Okay. So yeah. Hi.
Sorry, I had this tab on in like a different time and I was doing something usually the show up late, so I wasn't sure.
How
are you today? Where are you?
started did you say you're 31 or what was the 31 for? Oh
cool. I'm in Los Angeles right now and I'm in 23.
What is it over there? What time
is it over there? Yes.
Break right now. So just click
well
PM here right now, but that's cool. You're actually um it's like thanksgiving is still pretty far away. Do you usually like just you're just going to hang out with your parents and your family?
That's true.
Was your boyfriend with you now at your parents house?
It's
How's your parents? Have your parents met your boyfriend yet? Um
Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, that's a good step meeting your parents
stuff. Are you excited to spend the holidays together?
Yeah. Yeah. That those reports.
Yeah.
I
see. So you guys know how are in Chicago?
All
smart in Madrid,
the college,
correct.
Oh my gosh, that's awesome.
What are you before?
But
Oh, very cool. Um, I know there's like english programs in different countries, like Japan. I wanted to try.
More,
do you have to speak the language there or is it
difficult?
Hopefully.
Does the students, I talked to each other in spanish and you have to pretend like you didn't know what they're saying? Yeah,
pull
back.
That's when you see your reaction and test if you really understood.
there's because I actually did an english english program in Japan for one summer and I was like really nice. But I remember one of the girls, she like practice japanese ever since high school, so that was like her second english language requirements. So she
she took japanese in high school and she continued on through college. And it's funny because like she doesn't look asian at all, so the kids wouldn't have an inkling of like her thinking that she even speaks japanese. And it's funny because like I think um I guess one of the groups like they really disguised
like the teacher and the program and they're just kind of a hateful person I don't think because the group leader because we are group leaders, she had to call her out on her behavior and tell her that you know at the end I think. But
in the middle of it she had to pretend like she didn't understand what
percent
For what? You
All
That's probably
no.
Darling.
You guys can she be so you selling funny plans?
Man, it must have been so awesome. Like living in Madrid for a whole like many months. Learning about really. Uh
What?
It's
Good.
Yeah. What they would they compensate you for housing costs and living expenses? Uh huh.
Uh Why it affected pretty well. Yeah.
You didn't know? How did you find out the tutoring jobs there? Yeah,
wow.
What?
Yeah,
All right,
Uh huh. Hi, sweetie. Uh And it was like online tutoring for english.
Well, I've heard about
that. I'm going to sign up before but I don't know the application just I don't have any tutoring experience. So I think that they just like didn't
want to constantly. Yeah.
This
morning.
No.
Yeah.
Which one did you say was better?
All right.
Uh huh. I see.
Yeah, I see. Yeah. I have to figure it out and see because per week because I do want to go travel abroad. Like I want to just like see how it is to live in a different country. Another what same program where you can teach english in Korea and a lot of friends did that one, but I'm just like part of
me was kind of scary to do that.
I see
you.
Good.
I studied sociology in college.
Yes. I
like a lot. Mhm.
Yeah. I just graduated in 2019 from U. c. l. a. So.
I
feel so bad because my two sisters, always my younger sister, she's the year after me. She didn't get, it seems like they're
not gonna win again this year because it's concert.
show people like I still see people on my Snapchat, like my friends like they're out there partying and how hosting
receptions. It's crazy. I'm like
it hurt at home.
But
Mhm.
Chris
but hi.
Right. The star outdoor dining for you guys at all.
What?
it's kind of Oh yeah because Chicago gets super cool. Practice for the
that's the biggest week was like the whole set up out here and all that, Not to like 60s and that was freezing for me. I have like double socks,
one I have like my whole podium and stuff and I usually don't like to do that L. A. There. Um now it's like one up a little bit, but it's just so bizarre. Like that last weekend it was like a whole lot of. Really?
No
what?
It's
not.
What?
Hello?
Well the Chicago right? Like snowing there too.
Mhm.
Yeah. I can't clinical anytime the drops below 70. I'm like so called.
breathe. Some of the guys like what's it look like?
They love that cold.
Are they like puppies are older?
huh
That's the pick up on these little signals and stuff.
On instagram of the talking dog, A
working dog
No.
Why?
Yeah.
Yes, that's different. People can be really creative.
Um but yeah, there's
something like this one talking dog, it's crazy because the owners have conditioned it to pick up on what certain buttons mean. And so
that's like the button to like send them
like they have
a whole set of boards out and then the doctor goes to the button and click on the one that they want.
And I'm not I'm not sure like I do believe that it's possible that dogs can do that. I don't know, the owners just responding in a way that makes it seem makes it makes it makes sense, you know, because sometimes the dog would just click on something and the owners will be like, oh, you want this? Well, of course that I'll click that, but it's like a little bit of both where it's
like
What?
Brown.
Uh That's shocking. Yeah.
Wonder like dogs line up in a gate and they get called my name and they know they know by name and they come up.
The
What?
Thank you.
All
To provide a farm.
I got fired from his job.
That's
funny.
Oh, I forgot to ask. Did you drive to Ohio or did you take a flight? Uh Yes.
Was going with
it? Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense. Were you able to bring your dog then since it um with you too?
that's the sucks.
Yeah, that's
like I mentioned is on the cat.
I wish I did, but I've been wanting a dog, but I only have one room.
It's clear a whole woman. I don't think my other comics will just really like that.
Yeah, I think my room is too small to host one. A dog.
What?
former.
What
was it
was it difficult to change up your schedule like carve out at night to walk it and? Yeah.
What?
What?
Take
them at a strict time every day, So just so that they get the hang of their schedule and no one to expect to use the bathroom. Yes.
Thank
you.
Yeah. I see. A lot of time. Not like four times,
I
river
Over.
Yeah.
No.
Hey.
And they came
from the same farm together. A different, a different
A lot of people.
no,
that oil, she's so young. Those and she's still like a baby. So she escaped.
Well.
Okay.
hmm. Yeah.
What about,
What?
Just.
And
came out with friends.
Thank
you.
That's cute.
What?
Music.
Yeah. That's
mm. That's really great to get along so because we know how their personalities will be if they're gonna collide
any.
What?
Oh it's kelly look.
And have a good rest of your day and I hope you have a good vacation.
Thank you. Bye.