well. Uh huh.
Oh yeah, I try to appear on time since there's a
five,
I'm in Ohio right now visiting my parents for Thanksgiving. My name is 31. Uh huh I'm normally from Chicago, how about you?
Uh huh.
Okay. You're the second person in California I've talked to you now, wow.
What?
301? Yeah.
Okay. Like for lunch, that makes
sense.
because it's like we live in different states, like when I see them, I try to see them through longer.
Well like see them thanksgiving and christmas. Well actually I only see them for a couple of days I think. So I'm going to visit my boyfriend's family right after that, so we're like dividing the time and that's our first year sharing holidays like that.
no we're
doing thanksgiving separately and then we decided to do christmas together just because it was like our first time when I was kind of stressful trying to figure everybody's schedule and everybody's things out, so this is what this was my idea.
Yeah, they have um in june I want to say some um
he's the first one that I've dated that they met, and I'm the first one he's been without, his parents met a
lot of earth's together.
Well
yeah, I think it'll be fun, like just like I said, like it's kind of nice to be like adding one to the table for once. No.
and I already know that we get along with each other's family, so I'm not like worried about that or anything, like we both uh my
parents met him, he visited here, his parents went a couple times to meet us and we went and to a meet up of there's 24 days in ST louis so everyone kind of goes each other now.
And
um we met five years ago in Chicago. We were just friends. And then, um, the last year and a half before, uh,
the end of March, I was in Madrid. And so I, I visited the family during my summer break and then we kind of like, realized we were romantically interested in each other and tried long distance, which he said he was never going to do and I thought I wasn't going to do because that was what I did the last time I didn't go well. And, and uh, and then, um, because of coronavirus, I moved Back to Chicago two months early. Yeah,
yeah, I was
um, what's there?
So I did one school year before that and then half a school year
again,
I was teaching
english teaching assistant.
you should try it. Like it's not it's not as scary as it seems, honestly. Like I would say the teachers were supportive and like the kids pretty much automatically think you're cool for speaking english and you know, once
you
well
it's actually discouraged to speak the language there, but they're not, I don't think they're against. If you do, you just kind of have to pretend you don't know it that well. It's
kind of weird, like, oh I majored in spanish but I have to pretend. And then um I was teaching high school students, so one of the upper level students asked me like, so what did you major in? I was like creative writing and one other thing that I can't tell you and they're like, why what is it before? Like whisper to the teacher and I'm like, yeah, I kind of majored in spanish, but if I'm supposed to say that just like go ahead, they can handle it like uh huh uh
some of them were like,
it was
bad. They would like, well most of them were good, but there was one who was like purposely saying bad words to try to get a rise out of me.
We are at some point. I was just like, so I'm going to ask the teacher what this means. You're like, no, no, no. Oh.
few
Yeah.
went on.
Well I had, I want to say it was like a 15 year old boy with like pretend proposed to me and I had to pretend I know what's happening. I'm like this
is
propose like this is
just weird
and he was like, except
the string accepted the string of will you marry me in spanish of course. And I was just kind of like, what, what do you want?
I don't know anything,
I tried to test their limits. Yeah.
it was like a year and a half. It was, it was really nice because when I first moved there it was quite difficult finding an apartment because that's like very competitive at that time. Once I kind of had a place I was able to like more comfortably branch out and make friends and go to different events and yeah, just just enjoy the life and the culture and what's
so nice is
the cost of living is quite low so I could get by on a lot less and
still enjoy my life.
it's €1000 a month, which is about $1100. But for instance, my studio was like 4 €25 and then I just did like groceries and that kind of thing if you like plan well you can do it. Or also what I did was I picked up tutoring and once I did that I felt like I was living like quite comfortably. Like I didn't have to worry about at first I'm like let me think about whether I can go to this event.
I can I can go on this weekend trip or I can go to Zara and pick up a couple of things instead of before. Like y'all just window shop with you.
All right,
let me think about this. I think it was because I was like in spain like you're a lot more reliant on facebook especially as a foreigner like connecting with different people of
resources and work opportunities and such. And I think I saw someone, maybe one of my friends actually said she was like leaving to go back to the U. S. And if anyone wanted to like uh be
put in contact with her former person. And so then I got that gig and then I told someone else like, hey I'm kind of like struggling right now just because
they don't fear until the end of the month and in my case they hadn't paid me the first two months, which is quite difficult for me. Um So I told her like, hey I'm kind of like worried and stuff and she was like, oh well I get, you know, I have too many clients and people keep asking me all the time if you want, I can just pass them on to you. And I was like, yeah, definitely. And once that happened then those moms like me and then they were like, well my friends now want you to to your mice, their students. And once once you get the first contact it's like very word of mouth which is kind of how spain employment works.
Mhm. Um Haven't done online tutoring but I know you can like there's it's mostly for chinese companies like uh
No.
It's
I would say go go kit is more approachable than V. I. P. Kid. That one's like you need it teaching english certificate which they already had. Um They have to like
you
six hours and
training just to do an interview and all this stuff. Yeah
it's a lot.
Um Well not necessarily better but I would say like go go kid is probably easier to apply to. Like
now they're only requiring a demo and then if they like the demo then they'll I ask you to do an interview. It's like lower pressure. I would say another one if you like go through all the steps you're fine. But you do have to have a teaching english certificate
which is maybe $1,000 or maybe a few 100 last if you couldn't find a good deal brew.
I
yeah it's a little scary but if you're doing this through a program especially there should be like mentors and other whether people like yourself that you can network with on tips and such. Um It's kind of nice but like most of them know like you're not an actual teacher like you have your degree and you're there to help with english but that's that's why you're the assistant, right? And then like you come up with the fun activities and help go along with the book and they do the more foremost lecture. Yeah.
I
mean it took me some years, I took hold up my courage to go. So Yeah. Are you, did you study
languages or?
Very cool.
Right.
Um did you go to school in California?
So you have to have, let me think, did you, you got to have an actual graduation? Yeah. Oh I'm good.
You're not lucky.
No.
Yeah, it doesn't seem like it isn't that like so strange like and weddings to like they're very micro wedding now and yeah,
I want my good news.
Oh my goodness.
That's scary. Yeah. I feel like in Chicago it's like not it's like socially
taboo to do something like that I guess like you're supposed to have smaller together innings or outside where your mask all that stuff. Um
We think, I think on monday we had like a stay at home order and they made like new restrictions on restaurants or only one person can be in a cafe restaurants,
like only carry out
I don't know if what's going on in California.
I'm trying to uh Yes.
I think outdoor, but I think winter is closing.
Partner.
What?
You know like my chaperon right now just because like in spain obviously it Like the lowest it goes down to is like 45
and I
want to say it was like 39 yesterday. I don't even know what it is today. And I used to have like included heating
on top of
that and here. Um you know, it's not, I guess people are more used to being
cold and don't know that as much
like I'm the person who like you're not a true Chicago and I'm like, excuse me, That's not
Yeah, well when I left it wasn't snowing, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was now. I think last year like michigan France please here. Oh
my God,
I'm like the worst Chicago whenever I'm like, oh, it's below 60 like and on top of that, like we got two dogs recently, so I'm like, great, I'm going to be walking them outside bringing.
they're husky mix. Is that they're going to be nice and happy, you know, just like in this.
Yeah, they're, and they're so, they love the outside so much. Um
um the first one we got is like a year old, we decide her birthday is Halloween and then the second one is like two years old and here he does this little like ritual in the morning now or he has to like have a little bit like, whoa, a little to let us know, he wants to go outside. I just feel like during our normal thing and he'll just be like oh
my boyfriend was like what's that? What did you want? I didn't hear you.
Yeah I have like there's
Yeah.
No I don't know the talking dog but I know um coconut rice bear I think or
my polar bear. Okay. Yeah, they're like some way units and they like,
like they pretend to give like the owner will give a little dub speech under there like a wooing and so they'll be like oh foolproof and there'll be like little english translation, like I would be a great president this next year. Really
cute. Yeah.
Yeah and there's the same person does like dog smr where like the dog will be like chewing some lettuce in front of like an SmR microphone. It's really funny. Yeah.
Well
well
what? I think I've heard something like that. Yeah.
What?
That's so cute.
if
there is a global influence right? I think um they tested this border collie once where they left
just to like take the owners of picture. But I want to say if you like At least 50 different toys and they all have different names and you could like tell it to like bring the different toys. And then one of the researchers put like a new one that didn't have a name. Like say it was octopus or something and the dog could figure out which one they wanted because it was the only one they didn't know yet.
Yeah and that when they use like cameras and um the they were taking the honours out of the equation.
Mhm.
Oh yeah, they're really good at their name. Like my our second
dog that we got used to live on a farm. And I guess when we were registering as microchip we found out his name was and
scrappy his name is calm now so we're like scrappy. He kind of like look from the side like this like why are you telling me that on? And he'd like turned his whole face like yes, that's how I'm I
was here with like I
knew that was like my name but I don't answer to that now.
Yeah. Well we don't know about maybe where he was before that, but he was on a farm and I guess he wasn't good with livestock. So I'm imagining he tried to eat the chickens or something. It got kicked off of the farm.
You got fired?
Well,
I think he's better as a city dog anyways, like dental like belly rubs all the time. She's really something.
Um My parents picked me up just because like they weren't comfortable with the public transportation
thing
so just trying to be extra cops
um there with my boyfriend right now because my parents adopted a cat who this is his third home and he has a dog. Yeah. So in his last home he lived in the basement for like a year, a year and a half because he was the beta and the dogs. And one other cat where the alpha. Oh no he's just like is too scared. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah but now he's the only the only one so he's the he's the priority,
you know something that's really shine when they're like the one and only e of the house and he really got a lot more confidence from that. Yeah.
Do you have a new paths or?
I.
No. No.
One dog. Yeah
it's tricky but I
think let me think how many years, I think it took me like seven years before I finally got a dog from the moment I wanted one, I think it was like a year older than you and like my boyfriend who has been wanting them for a long time, I had it and I'm like what are we doing? Like this is the time we're both here, we can do this like
we've
until we're ready. Mhm.
At first yeah because I'm like first I didn't know how often to walk this dog because she was the one first week I was a girl and she wasn't vocal like they don't really bark. So I was like hard to know when she had to go to the bathroom. So I started saying like I'll just do it every four hours just in case. And so it was like kind of exhausting at first where I'm like get up, do it again in four hours through it again in four hours to make their 400 and now it's a little more relaxed. Like I read are both more used to each other schedule and like my boyfriend, I will try to do together since Handling two of them is quite tricky um or will alternate. So I feel like I feel like it's not that big anymore. Like I kind of relax
your, I'm like okay, like they'll be okay if it's five or six
hours instead of four, like you know, all tomato
little
um In the morning we have like a habitual time and the afternoon, it's just kind of depends. I'll usually just take them out after lunch whenever that happens to be. And then after after work is
another
regular time. Then at night luxury is a little bit, I think, I think as long as they're around the same and it's fine.
Yeah. Yeah, it's a lot they're like very active though. Like the husky fix their working dog used to like pulling slaves and stuff
where their ancestors are like,
I don't know, 50 or 60 miles. So it's like, okay, they
definitely need a lot of playtime and walking time. Okay,
let me think. But it's still cute because like they'll
like run around and where
all their energy with all these different dogs and then when they get back home they'll like pass out. So it's like, it's, there's a nice in between where they'll just be napping for a few hours. You know, be super cute. That's how you know you did a good job.
That's
and how we got from a shelter.
And before that they don't know anything about her. Except she was in southern Illinois. So we think maybe she just huskies are escape artists and we think that maybe she escaped her owner and that's having
my particular.
Well she's like one now
we got her at 10 months. Mhm.
I don't know. That's like our bus guesses that she probably just thought it would be fun to run and lost her or something. Um
I mean we're just making her story up
authority house trained and like crate train. So like somebody has
to own her. And I think and because from a different,
I mean he was in a different part of Illinois and so different places Actually I got I chose because we need to get to choose a dog that was the plan. So I suppose the girl first and then my boyfriend's a little more picky so it took like another month or month and a half to choose the second one that would go well together. Yeah. And it's great because they're like both husky mix, there's similar energy and they're around the same
weight. It's not like, I mean it's like a perfect match, you know? And
yeah, and he's like the big brother. He's like really gentle, impatient and she's like the annoying little sister who's like, hey, play with me, play with me.
Like
go sometimes to like put his paw on her nose like go away. I don't want to play. Come on God.
huh. Are there times will be like passed out on the couch together? Just do what they like. She didn't understand type of war before and know the like tug of war in the same toy.
It's like they're teaching each other
cute little things
and they're used to each other so they can walk well together.
exactly. That's like
one of the most important things when you're getting like two dogs, it's like are they going to not just do I like this stuff, but it's my dog,
kind of like the dog. So you have to like bring the dog to meet different dogs. We'll see how it goes. That's really well, I think we are good now. I think. What's your name?
Well it was nice to meet you. Nice to talk.
well you too. I hope to find a good english program and everything