you. Certainly cover. How's it going?
All right. What's going on?
Yeah my wife just fell asleep so this is good timing.
You're from new york.
Okay. You almost sounded like you had a little bit of a new york accent
there.
All right. Yeah I've done this a few times in the first guy run into,
Okay. Yeah I got uh I have all the time. Remember where people are from I think indiana I got one you know I got Mhm. Uh Yeah texas. Uh The first one from Illinois. Oh really?
First one? I'm from you new york right outside the city. So yeah. So what do you do out there? Yeah.
Oh yeah it's bad over their stuff.
What?
they,
yeah. Yeah I mean they opened up by me but now it's closing down again you
know?
I don't need to tell but I don't think most people trust it
better.
Yeah. Yeah. I might fall into that category. I don't even know because I work in a school, but uh, you know, unless they make me take it, I'm not taking it right away.
Yeah. Yeah. You working out there, or?
Oh, nice. What are you doing?
You're pretty much at baseline, huh?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, that's, yeah, that's pretty good. You know? Yeah. My wife and I have been fortunate to, we just keep on going. So, you know, at this point, if we had, if we couldn't work, I don't know what we would do
in
terms
of
the body.
this is,
so I'm surprised because uh when they shut down schools here, we had to go on to zoom
and
show
Yeah. I mean, it's a pain in the ass to do with brazil, but, you know, I still get a paycheck, that's that's my biggest
thing.
okay. Yeah that's actually even though I work in the school, that's my field, that's that's what I've been doing for a while now. So it's funny. I like it. So uh what are your hobbies interests,
geo cast like like big like uh crypto money?
Yeah, I have heard of that, I've never heard the term but
that's
pretty
interesting.
No kidding
and to what people like hide them and you have to
thanks.
So what people like high stuff and then just give you coordinates?
Yeah that's awesome. You are the first person I've ever heard that that does that I've heard the term before, but
how did you get into it? Mhm.
Well
so yeah you're you're a grizzled veteran sounds like
Yeah. Oh yeah, mm Yeah we've been feeling that a bit I heard there was I forget the guy's name but there was like a writer or something that he had a he had a treasure chest 30 40 years ago, something like that
and uh
I think within the past year
or so.
What?
Yeah, you know, I only read one article about it but I thought they actually listed like specifics of what we're in there.
Yeah. Yeah bottle caps.
But yeah.
But
I mean
especially
and if everyone is going for the same place, you know?
Yeah. Yeah, I can see that, you can see that how long you've been doing a prolific thing.
it's yeah, it's definitely not bad. Yeah.
This,
yeah, I found a couple of them, not a lot, but you know everyone, I think I did one the other week where I was in a spaceship or something
like
that.
They
said
he was like a canister or something
like
that.
They
could
break.
Yeah, that was fun.
Yeah, especially when you don't know what it is. Um
But
yeah, every once in a blue moon, you know, it's like, you know, they want like one wanted like my facebook feed and stuff like that,
It's like
Yeah. You know, it's not often that you find a job that pays that well
and
Yeah. Well, that's that's not too bad. Um Mhm. Yeah, when we were doing um zoom in school a lot of times like, you know, I wouldn't have much to do. I just be observing the class and so I have the surveys going to the back background of the screen minimize salute,
you know?
Oh, she's, my wife is fucking story, but here are down the hall. We have two little kids, so she gets up a lot of time in the middle of the night with that. But it's been a long week actually almost forgot about this and that. I saw the notification
where
we going.
I think they just started doing them again.
yeah. I gotta check because I mean, you know, I always assumed it was per weight.
Yeah, I should do that too because uh uh this is the third wave that I'm doing with them.
I don't know, probably, you know, it's a good question.
The
first one I think I did either two or three. This last one I did three or four So I've at least on five this is at least the 6th.
Go
ahead.
But
Mhm. Yeah. I almost think they would tell us not to be like, you know, they wouldn't send it to us anymore.
You know, I'll be honest. I never read them that closely because it was I mean, you know, one of the first wave, I didn't even know there will be future waves and then this last one, you know they said oh we're going to be doing it again great. But you know, I mean the last one finished I think two weeks ago or something
quick.
Mhm. Yeah, I think the first one I did was I don't want seems over the summer or something so you know it wasn't Yeah
it
really did. Yeah I might do that too. Okay Because I hate to do this for 25 minutes and I get paid.
Yeah I'll take a closer look because I mean it's the same quiz you take every time When you have to re sign up for. I mean they've been pretty good because even there was one where I signed up for one and then I got a quote with work stuff a weird our and so I just couldn't I couldn't get on and you know I wrote them and I said I'm sorry is there any way it's set up for another one? They're really cool about it. Sent me awake right away.
Prime Minister.
What?
What
someone you know
someone that I did it with you? You know she she read it I I never read it but you know she said
you
know
I think she went to better up labs and went on their website because I think there's I'll be honest those like long burbs they at the beginning about and even the debriefing stuff at the end like this is what we're trying to figure out. I almost never read it.
Oh yeah I mean that part I do but in terms of like you can tell when it's just a pretty face you know.
Yeah. Yeah. No I think I had I've been doing this for a few years now And I think I've only had two or 3 rejected.
Maybe
four.
Good.
Yeah. Yeah one I got screened out like one that was I hit it submitted it. And the researcher contacted me later on they said oh we have to reject it because there was a glitch. And you know you never completed the survey which will make all right but you know whatever. Um And then there was another one that was it was one recently like maybe two weeks ago and I got rejected and I'm sorry you didn't pass attention check so we can't use the research. And like you know maybe I missed it sometimes I'm tired when I'm doing this stuff and maybe I missed it didn't respond back. And then like a week later I saw I got paid for it. Which was pretty weird because it was rejected.
Yeah I hear you Right now it looks like the 25 minutes are up.
look