right.
Um, I've been better, but not doing too bad tonight.
Uh, not much doing this. Listen to some music.
Who
I'm from Illinois,
nope.
Just old boy Midwestern.
Mm I did a few times I think. And I got someone from Oregon. I got someone from texas and I got someone from Idaho, I think.
Yeah.
you know, a boy, not much. Pretty much, we're pretty much shut down because of Covid. Mostly
it's bad. We're starting to get like on
an uptick, You know, pretty much, you know, every state, like not as bad as Wisconsin. Like Wisconsin is, uh, is like in dire straits. But you know, pretty much everything is not much opened up around here and everything that is opened up is sitting down again. You know, not that I have, not that I have a problem with that because most of the, most of the stuff that opened up again, we're stuff I wasn't gonna do anyway. So not really
like, but jim's I think might be closing again. But you know, I didn't go back to the gym even when it was open
vaccine
as soon as you can. But
I
probably will take it when I can. But even then you're not going to get it I think don't till for normal people for for um not like a sense of workers or healthcare people until I think like january or february or anything. So we got another got a long cold winter ahead of us.
I understand the concerns and all that stuff.
Um I I work from home so I don't have anything to worry about that.
Um I'm a web search engine, evaluator kind of person. You know, it's just a part time thing. But you know, I I never I never did work out of the house, so not much has changed in that case because of Goldman.
pretty much. You know, it it pays pretty well, you know that they can't they can't. My hours, I wish I could get more hours and what I can, you know could use a little bit more but lot of people that would having trouble working all together in this, so I'm thankful for what I have.
I don't
know
either.
My
dad actually uh you said you went to school. My dad actually is a teacher, but he's mostly he's mostly been we have decent unemployment benefits. So he's mostly that's been doing, you know some part time aid work, you know in the west of stuff just collecting unemployment is it actually would be it would be I think it would it would be more we're making he's making just about as much as he did, you know, teaching
without having to go back to schools right now.
Yeah they offered
my
dad's a substitute teacher so he's not like you know uh official or anything like that They offered I think you know but he doesn't he didn't really he I don't get why he doesn't like it but you know he didn't he didn't really seem to want to do it to resume. I think he like he likes you know being around you know the kids and all that stuff but you know it's not really safe to do right now
I
don't know when his unemployment ones out when that's the case. Maybe he'll go for zoom or something. I didn't ask but he still gets a he still he still gets aid work you know he works with developmentally disabled people so you know you can do that and that pays a little bit too
Um I'm a big deal. Kassar is one of the things I enjoy a lot.
No geo casting is, it's where you use gPS devices to find hidden containers in places. It's like a scavenger hunt, yep.
I'm a big, big
fan
of that.
I mean me and my dad went out for a few uh today actually.
Well
you have to find them sometimes. You know, sometimes there as simple as like, you know, a pill bottle under like a lamp post cover. But sometimes they can be very more, I like the more adventurous ones, You know, if you can, you know, climbing trees and going down storm drains and stuff like that. You know, I like, I like
things to take me out of my comfort zone a little bit.
Yeah. Or there'll be, you know, puzzles you have to solve. We have to like, you know, go to a go to a plaque and like combine letters on the plaque and that will eat you to coordinate or anything. You know, it depends. You know, there's some, you know, there's a, again, it runs the gamut, you know, so whatever you want to do, you can find stuff like, you know, there's, there's a, there's a series of around here which are just basically just film canisters on in lamppost in like walmart parking lots, you know, But then there's like, there's like CASS isn't like, what is the blood and guts in Virginia? Where is you can only is a ridiculously hard puzzle. Cats were, it's only ever been found by like teams of like historians and cryptographers and like, you know, all this stuff because it's like a ridiculously difficult, you know, possible salt. I like it. You know, it's, it's my, and it's also it's one of those things you can do with Covid where you don't really it's you just go out to the woods by yourself, you know, so you get exercise, you know, you're not allowing people, you know and stuff. You can do either when yeah, there's some like it hot spots or anything because it's all outdoors.
Mm Yeah, I enjoyed a lot.
I don't know. I think I think my I think my brother actually was the one who first did it but he gave up on it like immediately. But you know he got to I don't remember. I think we might have um they do the conservation district around here does like intro events and I think we might have picked it up through a come there and they'll explain everything to you and all that thing I think. I don't know. But I started Yeah it was it was 2000 107
I think maybe it's been a ways.
Uh huh. I try I still have a lot of trouble with certain puzzle ones you know but that I have to get hints on occasion or anything but you know it's it's one of those things that can like you know like uh exercise like your brain and your mind. So it's a good combination of you know things and I was like and you always get like a sense of accomplishment doing it which is one of the problems that I found a little bit of this whole pandemic things. It's the day is all just sort of start to blend together a little bit after a while without anything to do.
Yeah that was forest
was the 4th 4th Magee eat, something like that. I heard about that I think. You know, he says uh he said someone just found it, you know, a little while.
But
I've also heard from a a bunch of people who there's a there's a contingency of skeptics who say that it never existed and that it was just basically him like playing a whole because there's no evidence for like, you know, the person who found it.
Like, you know, he hasn't given any interviews, you know or anything. So there's always some people are saying that the whole thing was basically just you know, a game to him or anything. But if someone did find it, you know more power to them.
Yeah, they might have, I don't remember exactly. You know, I I could be I could be mistaken to you know, I I like the I like the concept for geo cast and you don't really eat, you don't get It. Would it would I'd be happy if I could find like you know, tweezer or like you know if one day I just opened out like a box in the woods and it was still like $100 bills. That'd be nice. But you know.
Yeah mostly mostly like the it'll contain swag which stands for stuff we all get but it's just like trinkets you know or just stuff you know it's like I have like memories tied up in some of the stuff I got but it's like you know beanie babies or like you know Mcdonald's toys or anything. There's never You know the most like once I think I found like $5 bucks in a cast once you know? But it depends like sometimes like they didn't do it this year because of pandemic and all. But there's a there's a there's an event like 02 in Wisconsin sometimes called the West Bend Cast pass which uh you find CASS is and then you like fill out like stamps and like punches on like a coward and then you actually get at the end of the thing, you get uh tickets and you get entered into a raffle at the end. So you actually you actually can actually make like I think I I think the prizes like 500 bucks, you know, you'll get like, you know, they will be like uh gifts, gift certificates, new GPS units and stuff like that, you know? So me and my mom used to uh used to do that but we haven't we didn't go this year, we didn't go for pandemic reasons and we didn't go last year because of scheduling conflicts. I think
they don't really doing it. Uh The events anymore. That's kind of a kind of a, I think they still let you do them technically if you're like socially distance, but
like for for mega events there's no way Because like West Venkatapathy
brings
like I think like 500 people or something like that, a lot of people.
not a great idea because especially for the raffle, everyone is just, you know about a stage like in lawn chairs and they have like a big group photo you take. So I don't think any of that would really work right now.
Oh, probably like, you know, who has a month and a half now? I think I like it. You know, I picked it up because uh I was having trouble meeting my hours that I normally get at my job and I wanted something to fill out the addition for that and now that things have opened up and I'm consistently meeting my hours. It's like a little bit of a bonus thing on top of that. You know, you can't make a living off of it I don't think. But you know these these webcams surveys, they pay pretty well and I think I think like total I've made, I don't know about the conversion into like pounds or something. I think I made like about there's a couple 100 bucks I would like a month. Not bad.
And I like I like doing the academic research to you know sometimes it depends some of the ones are very boring but like some of the ones like you know are actually kind of interesting. You know the ones especially the ones that have you like the ones that you can play games with other people and you can get like bonuses
and all that stuff like you know they put you in teens or like to do like problem solving and stuff like that. I think that's pretty cool.
I
did that
one
too
I think. Yeah but and then they had you know the one they maybe it was a different they had you like trying to pack all the stuff and like you know uh container
or something
like
that. You
had
like
you and you got to pack everything to make sure because each thing was worth points and you try to get the most points in anything. I thought that was pretty cool
and I like I like anyone's that have bonuses where you can make a little bit more you know if you do well or anything like that.
I take
most of the ones that are available but then there's always a couple where you know, I have returned a couple of words like they want you to do a bunch of like want work for like very little, you know, money or something like that.
that
that would not happen to me because I don't have facebook feed, but you know um there was this one where they had you, it was I don't remember exactly what it was. Like you had to keep pressing like a space bar when like, I don't know, it was it was something where they wanted you to just like stare at a screen where you couldn't just like ignore it, but you couldn't like, you know it just and and if it was if it paid, you know, as much as these webcams surveys do, I might have kept it, but it didn't really, you know, But there's other ones that we know don't pay that much and take a little bit of time. But if they're interesting I'll take them. Especially because I can, you know, I'm uh with my job the way it is, I can actually like, you know work on that in the background while I do surveys in the foreground. So I can actually get like, you know, pay twice for like the hour or anything. I like my job. But it also but a reasonably trained like you know, monkey could do my job properly. You know, I mean, I'm glad they don't they didn't like outsource it to like, you know that. But you know, it's still I'm I'm I'm one cog in like a humongous machine but it pays very well. So I'll take it
mm It's not it's not like
my like my brother makes like, I don't know like $17 or $18 an hour. It's not that but it's it's above minimum wage.
Good idea.
You know what I want to do as an herb.
I didn't forget
I
marked it on I marked it on a calendar app. I have You know just to make sure because I think this is I think this is my penultimate one. I can do you know because I did five and I think they opted to doing seven.
They just started doing them again. But there's still and I might send a message about it but I think it's still where they accounts the ones you've done in the past and you can't do that. Maybe I should ask them that if it's if it's if you can do seven new ones on top of the five. Everybody done. You know I'd be happy about that.
Yeah I don't I don't know I I they're actually pretty pretty good as far as messaging things so maybe I'll message them after this and see
how many have you done them
that
was going to
The six is the
six
for me. I'll double check maybe there's uh maybe if you in the quiz afterwards
when they say to sign up for the availability I'm going to check again. It was I thought you know it was just it was just you could just do a total of like you know of seven now but I could be mistaken. I'd be happy if I was mistaken.
I think I think they said something like now that if you do it when you reach your limit it's just not gonna appear anymore. But I could be mistaken. I'm not sure I'll check the I might send them a message you know I'll see what the debrief says or anything because I thought it was like that but you know I might have I could have just missed read something. I do that from time to time.
Yeah I think
so. I I think I signed I think they said the it started in Iraq it's not october might have I don't remember I don't remember how long what with the first one I did for this one was when that was
I'll double
I'll double check.
No I think definitely anyone's you do you'll get paid but I I seem to remember they said either you know you're either it's not going to appear after the 7th one or you're not gonna be able to sign up for what I think is what they said. I don't I don't remember exactly they said something about about the limit I think.
Yeah, I've
had a couple where people didn't show up on my end,
you know? But other than that, you know, so it's all been and there's been some connection issues a little bit with like one in uh was the one in California where the person didn't uh didn't have his webcam on, which I don't I don't know if he got paid for that one, cause I don't think that's what you're supposed to do, you know? But I got paid for it. I think the I think the whole point of this is like there they're mapping like facial expressions a little bit when it comes to I don't know honestly, you know, my my parents sometimes asked me, you know, what exactly are they studying? Why are you doing this? And I could we give them an answer, but I also don't really care, you know like I don't I don't like if this is great for research purposes fine if it's
you know someone I don't know collecting this for like deep fakes or something. I don't really care
money.
It's probably
in there
but I probably just skimmed it.
I weighed them sometimes because there's the odd survey where they'll put like an attention check in there, you know, and they want to make sure you don't.
you can. But I I always at least skim that because I would I would think if I was a scientist doing one of these things that I put like an attention check in the intro or in the briefing or anything because I think a lot of people don't read that. So I checked just in case someone decides to actually be like smart or nefarious depending on your definition of the word.
I think
I had,
I think I've only had one and that was because I I got like questions wrong. I mean because I I think that, you know, the questions rewarded in such a way that they were really, really vague, you know? But I wasn't gonna like, you know, fight it was it was for like four hours so I wasn't gonna like, you know, fight with them about that or anything. I didn't think it was
necessarily fair, but I might have made a mistake. So I think I've only been rejected for one I think
Yeah, I guess I I returned a couple that were, so I'm looking for one of the ones looked like it was, they were trying to like, you know, they're not allowed to like screen you out. That's the whole point of why you, you complete all the questions. So I I reported one for doing that, you know, and then there was a couple, I returned because I just realized that they were one was took way too long and then another one that I would turn which would have been good for someone else was they wanted you to like quite a big um detailed like, you know, um paragraph in there about like a very one of the most about a very traumatic experience in your life. And I was like, you know, that that's why I'm in therapy or stuff that I didn't need to. That's not why, you know, that was a little too, I don't want I don't want to think about, you know, really traumatic events in my life for you know, $6 you know,
I was just wanted to make sure that I got over the one minute line just to make certain case it was you know an extra thing or anything so best of luck to you and stay safe in new york with things. Things aren't really good really in any state but just stay safe and all that stuff.