SPEAKER_L: I mean like I used a lot of very like simple manners and I just I don't know, I just I think we all do differently, but so like he has uh so he has like uh but what matters general? And one of them all these different entities and you're saying that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Um Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, I'm good. I'm sorry, I'm almost um I'm like running a little late. So I was running in here. I was just outside and we had a porcupine in our yard so it was very exciting.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's so cool.
SPEAKER_R: It was yeah. Yeah. It's uh my daughter was out on the swing and I hear mama I could see the pork. You kind perfect for my swing. I'm like wow! Really? So I ran out and uh we have like a bunch of apple trees and sure enough there's a porky pine. Just uh I grabbed the picture of it but it's a well if I can. There it is there it is.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's on a tree.
SPEAKER_R: It is.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: It's a
SPEAKER_L: so cool.
SPEAKER_R: oh you wanna Oh yes. Stay away from this doggy. Stay away from this dog. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: know, you don't want
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: that. I
SPEAKER_R: that was my explaining.
SPEAKER_L: don't think I caught your name.
SPEAKER_R: Emily, Emily,
SPEAKER_L: And when
SPEAKER_R: the one
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: the porcupines,
SPEAKER_L: right, I'm Courtney
SPEAKER_R: Kourtney. Nice to be true.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too. And this is uni.
SPEAKER_R: Morning, hi uni. Hey, you know your name? You know what I mean? Yeah. You're playing with Courtney. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: he's a he's quite the zoom star. He just loves looking at the people in the computer. And he uh he sometimes thinks like, oh, maybe they're behind the computer.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah exactly. It's interesting. Yeah. Like when he's actually thinking, you know people Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Um I am I'm originally from philadelphia pennsylvania that
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: area. But um I live in a way northern new york um like up on the Canadian border in a little college town up here. So um we are uh we see porcupines in our yard now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was wondering where where can you see porcupines because I'm in California and uh
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: I've never seen a porcupine except for at the zoo
SPEAKER_R: like the yeah, are you northern or southern?
SPEAKER_L: uh currently southern but I grew up in northern California. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So we have uh I thought at first I thought you were outside your wallpaper, what's behind you? Your backdrop?
SPEAKER_L: fever.
SPEAKER_R: I was like oh my gosh, it's so tropical there but it actually kinda is so compared to here,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: how have you guys been doing with, have you gotten like any effects from the fires or anything where you are?
SPEAKER_L: oh boy. Only with air quality um we haven't had to like evacuate or anything you need is like trying to lay on the computer. But yeah we we just had like some some Arabic poor air quality for like a couple of weeks but now it's kind of like blown over. Um I think some fires are still raging mostly in northern California. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What's
SPEAKER_L: but uh yeah I'm in the santa Barbara right now which is yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm going to college town as well.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, that area is beautiful. Oh my gosh, that's awesome. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: Include your from northern California? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: the bay Area. I'm just south of san Francisco a little bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right, so having lived in santa barbara for long or?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no um I moved here about I guess technically three years ago now I'm a graduate student uh U. C. S. B. And uh so I'm in family housing right now which is really convenient and close to the beach and everything and cheaper much cheaper
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome. You can get around some of that. I'm sure it can be pretty expensive in santa barbara. That's like really expensive, isn't it? It's like to have a house there. They're like, like I feel like I know a bunch of people who have like, I don't know her, like they have a house in santa barbara like Oprah or like
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah Oprah has one here.
SPEAKER_R: 13.
SPEAKER_L: She does a few other celebrities too but I've never seen them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What, what program are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing a PhD in psychology. Yeah I'm interested in like memory research and eyewitness testimony specifically so like seeing that intersection of psychology and the law. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you know like what were you kind of want to go like once you're done with it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I hope to be a professor. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: we really fun to do my own research and everything
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah. help you think, would you stay on the west coast? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my uh my husband is a lawyer and he's uh only certified in California.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Right, so he's got to go. Nice. That's awesome. So is that how you got into uh um like that the idea of the psychology and law interaction kind of like your husband
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: no it's more so mm.
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry, I just cut off for a second. Okay, I think you're back.
SPEAKER_L: more law and order S. V. You kind of inspired me. Yeah so I didn't want to be a cop but I was really fascinated by the psychological aspects of criminals so
SPEAKER_R: What happened?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't want to do forensic psychology because there aren't too many programs that
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: do that. But yeah the one I'm I also wanted to have like a neuroscience component to it so I'm more in a neuroscience program but I hope to apply it to psychology and law. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: about you? What are you up to?
SPEAKER_R: besides getting checking out that porky pine? Um Yeah, so I live I'm from pennsylvania originally. Um My husband, he coaches college soccer, so um and I've kind of done a bunch of different things, like I went to school for
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: like environmental science and then um uh like geographic information systems, like computer
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: mapping and stuff and I did that for a little bit like working at basically the environmental engineering firms kind of where we live because we lived all over because of his job. So we live at like university of florida, the university Wisconsin university Connecticut, university of Rhode island. Um Penn state. And um and now we're up here and there's a couple of little colleges um up here like there's too small to universities up in the town where we are up on the border, so
SPEAKER_L: Green.
SPEAKER_R: it's like where Burlington Vermont is, we're like straight across from there. So we're we go over we're like half an hour from the Canadian border. And so we'll go up to um over the cornwall Ontario that's like where are bigger shops are and stuff. And
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: r have a nice like aquatic center there that we can use even though we're not Canadian citizens, we still get you know the the Discounted rates. Um they're like $44 to use their pool because all of our Canadian friends are paying taxes for it. But um we go shopping there and then we'll go like up to Ottawa to go to museums and stuff so we're um which the border is closed right now so um we can't go
SPEAKER_L: In,
SPEAKER_R: over there now but so yeah we've lived in these college towns all over but we have four kids now and we wanted to settle Down for really like the like since our first child was born and he's 11 now. So um I mean he's starting his third school, he started third different third school here since we got here which is like which was okay but we wouldn't have really wanted it that way but it just till we got settled it just kind of that was sort of the turn yourself so that
SPEAKER_L: No no reason.
SPEAKER_R: was that was just sort of the timing of things so um So yeah, I actually do, so I've actually been home with the kids mostly since our second child was born. Um So I do think some somewhat related to my degree, I worked from home like 20, hours a week. Um it's basically like a data analysts related to like um like artificial intelligence and like internet search. Um So it's it's really flexible though and it's just like doing analysis and feedback and I can I can test and I do some software testing as well, so and that's sort of on the side, but so I typically most weeks have way more work than I like, which is a good good situation to be in. Um
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: That's really flexible, so like home, I usually have at least one kid here with me. I work, I feel like I work all the time, but I don't work that much kind of feeling where I'm working like in the morning and at night and randomly during the day so um But it's a really flexible lifestyle so I like it, I'm hoping to be able to kind of continue to do this kind of stuff. I didn't really think I'd want to be like a like a stay at home mom but like just the reality of having four kids is like just purely the logistics, like we haven't had to do any day care if anyone gets sick, you know now with the pandemic like it's just been amazing. So I'm hoping to be able to like just stay working from home at least for like the next couple of years. So that's
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: what you
SPEAKER_L: old
SPEAKER_R: get.
SPEAKER_L: are your other kids?
SPEAKER_R: uh they are to total so the four of them um there's 248 and 11, you know it's kind of a big spread everything from uh someone who just started pre k the four year old um the two year old who is still home and he'll start when he's probably for. Um And then a third grader and 1/6 grader. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Those are great ages. The
SPEAKER_R: I don't know summer.
SPEAKER_L: do you have a favorite place that you've lived in so far?
SPEAKER_R: Um I you know, I've kind of liked all of them. It's such a such a cop out answer, but I really have really enjoyed all of them for different reasons. Um I've loved um and then I spent a couple summers just summers but lived out in Fort Collins Colorado too, which is another college town with Colorado state. Um But I loved um Madison Wisconsin, where the university Wisconsin is. Uh That was one of my faith, that's like one of my favorite towns in the country. It's like there's these two lakes and the university and the state capital or all. Like on this basic like a little strip of land between the two lakes and it's really bye kable. It's really friendly. It's really fun. It's always on those like list of, if you ever see like the you know like the U. S. News and world report like list of top 20 towns in the country, it's always like sneaks up on there because it's it's just really neat um deep place. But I also really liked um where we lived in Connecticut. Um We when we first got there we rented a house on the lake for a couple for like three years. Um Our first three years there. So um we lived on a lake and our kids kind of started, or two older kids started school there. We still have a ton of friends there. So we were really sad to leave there but we had we really my husband's job there just didn't have really like good stability. So like because it bought a house there um And he was looking to transition from like Division one coaching which is like the bigger like like U. C. Santa Barbara for example like the big D. One schools to division three school where there's just like a lot more better work life balance and um it's not as year round that you get more breaks. Um And the and the big thing was the stability is much better there. They're not trying to like turn over coaches all the time and it's like if you don't win or you lose your job and then like it's just it's just crazy because all like the high pressure that comes with like football coaches and basketball coaches kind of filters down to like the other sports where like the coaches aren't making millions of dollars. So he's been looking to kind of get out of that big like division one world. So he's at Clarkson University up here which is like a small um engineering school pretty much. Um So we we've been coming up here for like uh he's from western new york like Rochester buffalo area, and we've been coming up to, his parents have like a summer house um right on the border up here, we've been coming here for years like to this area in general were always like there's a couple of college towns up there like you're near the Adirondack Mountains and um we'd have like access to the summer house and the cost of living is really low and our kids can they like cross country ski and we've been downhill skiing and um my daughter plays hockey so we like the winter kind of like the solid winter culture, they kind of like it, I like to live in like florida or like southern California or like you know the Adirondacks in or northern Vermont or something like like in between where it's like just kind of gray and cold rain but and.
SPEAKER_L: my goodness. Yeah. Yeah I'm not a huge fan of the snow, but my my husband definitely is, he loves to and um you know just do all of this you know activities in the snow. Like uh I'm a beach girl. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Is he from California to. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: we um we met uh U. C. Davis. Um Yeah and then uh we both uh well we both moved down to santa Barbara once I got the graduate position. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So he's able to work in like that area or nearby or somewhere here, you
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: guys?
SPEAKER_L: got really lucky and um he uh he graduated law school um 2019. So yeah he found a job about like four or five months after graduating in downtown Santa Barbara. So his commute is like 15 minutes so it's really nice.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Nice. So he's not going near L. A. Or anything?
SPEAKER_L: No, no but he was looking there and uh that would have been quite the commute like about two hours
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah. Is that is that how far like for santa? Um I'm trying to think, how far are you from like santa Monica,
SPEAKER_L: Um About like an hour and a half like
SPEAKER_R: is it? Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll you know high up on L. A. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah. Okay. I didn't realize um my brother and his wife and then my other brother, So really, both my brothers live in one's in santa Monica and then one is, he was in santa Monica. He just bought a house in the valley, I guess. It's
SPEAKER_L: Ooh.
SPEAKER_R: got in the valley. So he wanted like a bigger house and he kind of had to like move inland um for that. It's still like crazy expensive, but it's not, you know, not as expensive as santa Monica, where he is. So, um yes, that must be, I don't think I've gone, I've gone from like santa Monica um up to, if you go like north along the coast. Um I thought I went, I was heading towards santa Barbara I guess, but I definitely didn't go um trying to think where we went to before you get to santa barbara. Maybe it was just uh oh my God, I forget um I forget where it was, but it was like the past like pacific palisades and kind of like past that. Maybe I remember looking on the map and being like santa barbara, it looked, it looked not that far from where we were, but now that I think about it, I was looking at California and I don't know what, what scale I was zoomed into so I don't have, I have not been to santa barbara but I looked, I was like, that was beautiful like just with the mountains and the water right there and everything. Mm,
SPEAKER_L: it's super fun and there's so I have two dogs um So we would take them to the dog beach all the time and they have like little wash stations there so that santa barbara is a really like dog friendly place as well, so really easy to be in a small apartment here and yet we can go to a bunch of different places uh with them
SPEAKER_R: Are the other beach towns like his dog friendly or decisions depend? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I would say. Yeah yeah most beach towns I guess are are pretty friendly. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I haven't like seen other dog beaches like that specifically like off leash, like you can take it out on the beach as long as it's unleash. But here in santa Barbara there's an off leash dog dog beach.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's awesome. They got their own little beach there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, and it's it's interesting because we got both of our dogs in sacramento um which is really far inland of California, and so we would take them to lakes near sacramento area, so very still water. Uh and they would be okay with that, but as soon as we move down here and we took them to the beach for the first time, they were like, what is this, like moving water?
SPEAKER_R: yeah chasing me. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so they were they were pretty timid about it at first, but now they're slowly working their way into it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, getting used to it. You guys, do you think you'll try to stay like on the coast or like near the coast you think?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it will depend on, so for my position I would have to like move around a lot. Um But for my husband he can probably just find a firm job wherever I'll be. So yeah, like I I I hope to stay in the university of California system. Um Just because I went to an undergrad institution, I'm here at grad school would be great to next to a postdoctoral position at A U. C. And then finally become a professor at one as well. That's that's the dream. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Nice. That's awesome. That sounds like you got a good, good like experience to build on and like a good plan and your husband's flexible in California big state with a lot of different and the state system is huge. It's got like how many schools but the UC system.
SPEAKER_L: I think it has 11 schools if you're including like maybe the medical the major medical institution UCSF and um maybe the law school uh you see Hastings um But all the other ones are like the typical university B. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. And then your husband that's nice that he can be at different. And is this what kind of law does he do?
SPEAKER_L: um mainly business law so yeah I mean he is still a first year associate so he's a you know just trying to taste as many different types of law um and then decide on one. Uh He definitely knows that he doesn't want to go into criminal um Or like investigative law like where you have to do a lot of like discovery and things like that because he's just been assigned a couple of big projects that require that and he is hating it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of like tedious like going through a bunch of emails of the clients and you know, looking for little things um, at the other side might use against you or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: wow, interesting. So yeah, it's like you're you're being like the investigator investigator attorney. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. But he's uh, yeah, I guess he's not too into it.
SPEAKER_R: Not too into it.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Is you gotta is he back at working in the office now?
SPEAKER_L: Um partly like he'll probably go into the office about one or two times a week. Um, but uh his, his firm is pretty small. It's about like Less than 10 attorneys I would say. So they take turns going in and um, you know, not being around one another and wearing the masks and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And cool.
SPEAKER_L: How about your husband? Is he going to campus like is he still coaching? Um
SPEAKER_R: it's um it's been interesting so he's he coaches soccer so that's a false sport so they would be in season right now. So how it's been going is um he's been uh they've been there's no like season no official season for at least for like N. C. Double A. Division three. Um So which has been good because at the beginning like in august they were kind of trying to figure out like the double hadn't decided yet. So
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: his school was figuring out like do they do some like scrimmages against just teens like around here because there's one of theirs a Sunni school which is like the new york system. Um There's a Sunni school in our town, there's a Sunni school like one town over and there's a ST Lawrence University which is a private school um Like 20 minutes away too. So there's a couple of universities really close by. And he was actually really relieved when they n. c. double. said like you can't play because it just would have been like logistically just so tough. Like there would have been like covid testing for the referees you know for all the players and It's just like it's just not worth it. Like he coaches d. three Division 3 which is like you're not there on a scholarship. He does like recruit and stuff like that still but it's just not it's not it's more about like the student athlete experience not just like the athlete student experience. So it's more focus like on like the well rounded like student athlete it's um not as year round for them. Like they don't have as big of an off season in the spring. So he was relieved to not have any gains, but they can still practice. So it actually he's actually been practicing like the first couple weeks of the semester, he could only practice in groups of five or 6. So he had like 11 different practices a week. So it ends up being like so many small practices, which was kind of tough because you only have so many like a couple of kids at practice and you can't do as much stuff and there's so many practices. So that's like all he did for like the first couple of weeks and then now they're allowed to do like bigger practices and so with more players. So now it's been just like, it's like their off season where they're just they're just practicing and they're still weightlifting. And he's still like running the program and doing like team organization stuff and team building stuff. And he's still like recruiting from afar, you know, for the future and getting emails from interested students and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: contacting them and working with admissions and having kids on campus to visit. So they're still like that stuff going on, it's just all sort of really modified. Uh And then they had uh they just had actually three positive cases on campus which they've been only like one or two. They've been like, they're doing a ton of testing. Um Everyone's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: just been really like following a lot of the protocols with like social distancing and wearing masks and like um they really haven't had a lot of issues of that. Some of the bigger universities have had. Um It's just like a smaller scale. It seems like it's easier to kind of manage. But they just had one freshman, not from his team, but somewhat a freshman who I think was off camp, went like left campus, went to a different part of the state and came back and was positive and then his two roommates are positive and so they kind of, he had to like stop practicing for a week and like they did tons more testing with the school, I think it was limited to this really tiny outbreak of like three students. So that's been, but he can go like into the office right now, he's there on a schedule, you know, to kind of like stagger the employees so he can go in only two days a week right now to do stuff. So he uh he's like, I love the schedule, Tuesday, thursday in the office, it's great. I can't go in the other days, I'm not allowed. So
SPEAKER_L: Uh what about your kids, are they into soccer as well?
SPEAKER_R: um they are a little bit, you know, they, my son, he's played like mostly it kind of just like the town level, you know like kind of recreational level and my daughters played, they just missed like because if we were like in the process of moving and then the summer season was canceled, they've missed like two seasons in a row. But I think like if everything is getting better like they would probably play next summer. Um But they actually like some really interesting my daughter plays, she started playing hockey and uh they both got into cross country skiing, so we've been doing that um We got a ton of skis from someone in new Hampshire that we know who their grandparents were like closing down an outdoor store and they had like tons of ski, so we all like a garage is like a ski shop right now, we've all got like times of skis and extra skis and parts and like extra old and um so they both like cross country skiing and actually my daughter I think she wants to she might not want to play hockey this year which I'm like fine with. Like if she doesn't it's kind of a big commitment like ice hockey, it's more expensive and it's more of a commitment and if she wants to downhill ski more instead so we may do like we like we have a mountain about an hour from here. Um That's the closest downhill skiing so it's like it takes an hour on the dot to get there so it's close enough to do a season pass. So I think we'll probably do more skiing because I don't think there would be like they might, my daughter, one daughter might want to try basketball but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I don't think that's going to happen this year. I think that would be cancelled so and the four year old wants to start hockey which is happening but we're like no you're only four and let's wait until next year. And it's like there's hockey but it's like you know you have to It's uh you have to stay six ft away from everyone. Especially like screaming and drills and stuff like that. Very
SPEAKER_L: no that's adorable, I love it.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah I know, I'm just thinking of like these like kids are there like not to be able to stop, they're gonna be like I'm like having like following the ice because they can't get new york because like the little kids, my daughter did it last year and she was eight and it was like a beginner program because she hadn't played for skated before. And even like the six and seven and eight year olds like at the beginning they're out there all over the place, they're all falling all over there like falling on each other, like that's going to get a little tricky to uh have like four and five year olds out there like skating but they can't get near each other. Oh
SPEAKER_L: make me wear a mask to and uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think they I think they have to have, I forget what it was, I think it was like they won't wear you know everyone in the arena has to have a mask and has to be like seated and like certain states are gonna be marked off or you can sit and all that stuff,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: you can only use a certain entrance, you can't use the locker room. So the kids have to be that's the other thing they're going to be have to be all dressed um to go for hockey so all these equipped padding on and except for their skates and like the argument walking in, like all these little like marshmallows and then I think they don't have to wear a mask on the ice navy. But like as soon as they come off they took off their helmet, have to put a mask on. So I told my four year old I was like next year, how about five start when you're five? That's a better wait, wait it out of the year. We'll go like outside and cross country skiing, downhill ski this year. The court,
SPEAKER_L: that would be cute. Two year old skiing down the hill then.
SPEAKER_R: She would, the four year old did it last year a little bit and it was, she was really cute. It was mostly like a side stepping up a few steps and her skiing and I may have to try to get a hold of, we don't have like a leash or like um got leashes or like the things you can use to kind of attached to your kids. You can ski a little bit better with attached to them basically. But I may have to uh get a hold of one of those for this winter. I think she's ready.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well I haven't heard of one of those before that sounds
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: very convenient.
SPEAKER_R: think they actually are called leashes there. Like it's like a thing the kid wears and the parents can be behind them and you have like you basically two ropes. It's like a harness and and uh, you can you can just ski without being like crouched up and like real up close to them. You can kind of be connected and like control their speed and a little bit and help them steer a little bit and basically keep them from just like going straight down. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah wow that's pretty clever. Very
SPEAKER_R: It's neat. Mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well um
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I actually have to go to another meeting soon.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Sounds good. I got to go check on the porcupine. I doubt it.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. We'll have a great day Emily. It was nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice talking you. Good luck with all your studies.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.