I mean like I used a lot of very like simple manners and I just I don't know, I just I think we all do differently, but so like he has uh so he has like uh but what matters general? And one of them all these different entities and you're saying that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Um Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi.
Good. How are you?
Oh, that's so cool.
Oh, it's on a tree.
That's
so cool.
You
know, you don't want
that. I
don't think I caught your name.
And when
you
All
right, I'm Courtney
nice to meet you too. And this is uni.
he's a he's quite the zoom star. He just loves looking at the people in the computer. And he uh he sometimes thinks like, oh, maybe they're behind the computer.
So where are you from?
No.
Yeah, I was wondering where where can you see porcupines because I'm in California and uh
I've never seen a porcupine except for at the zoo
uh currently southern but I grew up in northern California. Yeah.
Mhm.
fever.
We
oh boy. Only with air quality um we haven't had to like evacuate or anything you need is like trying to lay on the computer. But yeah we we just had like some some Arabic poor air quality for like a couple of weeks but now it's kind of like blown over. Um I think some fires are still raging mostly in northern California. Yeah
but uh yeah I'm in the santa Barbara right now which is yeah
so
I'm going to college town as well.
yeah
the bay Area. I'm just south of san Francisco a little bit. Yeah.
Oh no um I moved here about I guess technically three years ago now I'm a graduate student uh U. C. S. B. And uh so I'm in family housing right now which is really convenient and close to the beach and everything and cheaper much cheaper
Oh yeah Oprah has one here.
She does a few other celebrities too but I've never seen them.
I'm doing a PhD in psychology. Yeah I'm interested in like memory research and eyewitness testimony specifically so like seeing that intersection of psychology and the law. Yeah.
Oh yeah I hope to be a professor. Yeah
we really fun to do my own research and everything
my uh my husband is a lawyer and he's uh only certified in California.
I'm
no it's more so mm.
more law and order S. V. You kind of inspired me. Yeah so I didn't want to be a cop but I was really fascinated by the psychological aspects of criminals so
I didn't want to do forensic psychology because there aren't too many programs that
do that. But yeah the one I'm I also wanted to have like a neuroscience component to it so I'm more in a neuroscience program but I hope to apply it to psychology and law. Yeah.
Well
how
about you? What are you up to?
It
you know?
Green.
No.
In,
No no reason.
definitely
how
old
are your other kids?
Those are great ages. The
do you have a favorite place that you've lived in so far?
my goodness. Yeah. Yeah I'm not a huge fan of the snow, but my my husband definitely is, he loves to and um you know just do all of this you know activities in the snow. Like uh I'm a beach girl. Uh huh.
we um we met uh U. C. Davis. Um Yeah and then uh we both uh well we both moved down to santa Barbara once I got the graduate position. Mhm.
we
got really lucky and um he uh he graduated law school um 2019. So yeah he found a job about like four or five months after graduating in downtown Santa Barbara. So his commute is like 15 minutes so it's really nice.
No, no but he was looking there and uh that would have been quite the commute like about two hours
Um About like an hour and a half like
I'll you know high up on L. A. Yeah.
Ooh.
it's super fun and there's so I have two dogs um So we would take them to the dog beach all the time and they have like little wash stations there so that santa barbara is a really like dog friendly place as well, so really easy to be in a small apartment here and yet we can go to a bunch of different places uh with them
I would say. Yeah yeah most beach towns I guess are are pretty friendly. Um
But I haven't like seen other dog beaches like that specifically like off leash, like you can take it out on the beach as long as it's unleash. But here in santa Barbara there's an off leash dog dog beach.
Oh yeah, and it's it's interesting because we got both of our dogs in sacramento um which is really far inland of California, and so we would take them to lakes near sacramento area, so very still water. Uh and they would be okay with that, but as soon as we move down here and we took them to the beach for the first time, they were like, what is this, like moving water?
so they were they were pretty timid about it at first, but now they're slowly working their way into it.
Um I think it will depend on, so for my position I would have to like move around a lot. Um But for my husband he can probably just find a firm job wherever I'll be. So yeah, like I I I hope to stay in the university of California system. Um Just because I went to an undergrad institution, I'm here at grad school would be great to next to a postdoctoral position at A U. C. And then finally become a professor at one as well. That's that's the dream. Yeah.
I think it has 11 schools if you're including like maybe the medical the major medical institution UCSF and um maybe the law school uh you see Hastings um But all the other ones are like the typical university B. Yeah.
Yeah
um mainly business law so yeah I mean he is still a first year associate so he's a you know just trying to taste as many different types of law um and then decide on one. Uh He definitely knows that he doesn't want to go into criminal um Or like investigative law like where you have to do a lot of like discovery and things like that because he's just been assigned a couple of big projects that require that and he is hating it. Yeah.
It's
a lot of like tedious like going through a bunch of emails of the clients and you know, looking for little things um, at the other side might use against you or something like that.
exactly. But he's uh, yeah, I guess he's not too into it.
No.
Um partly like he'll probably go into the office about one or two times a week. Um, but uh his, his firm is pretty small. It's about like Less than 10 attorneys I would say. So they take turns going in and um, you know, not being around one another and wearing the masks and everything. Yeah.
How about your husband? Is he going to campus like is he still coaching? Um
Hi
No.
Well
Uh what about your kids, are they into soccer as well?
you
no that's adorable, I love it.
make me wear a mask to and uh
no.
that would be cute. Two year old skiing down the hill then.
Oh well I haven't heard of one of those before that sounds
very convenient.
Yeah wow that's pretty clever. Very
Well um
I actually have to go to another meeting soon.
definitely. We'll have a great day Emily. It was nice to meet you.
Thank you.