SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Over time. Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah beat the shit so wow. Yes. Yeah. Yes jesus. Yeah. All right. Yeah no problem. Yeah gindi after women. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah Yeah. Mhm mhm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: I are you
SPEAKER_L: Hi I'm good. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Melanie?
SPEAKER_L: Okay my name is Yasha
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet to do so
SPEAKER_R: hold on, let me let me go over to this other tab and fast forward real quick. I think you're supposed to hit the forward button on that. Okay, mine's head. Okay, well this is easier than I thought. I was worried that this would be like the lighting would be weird or something, so
SPEAKER_L: So is this the first time you're trying this because it's the second time? The for the first two times? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Nobody came. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really? Yeah, this is the first time I have actually, I'm often on on prolific and I've been out with my mom, haven't had surgery and so I was out of it out of the state for a month so I haven't worked for quite a while, so I'm getting back online trying to see what I could find and I was like well this looks interesting, so I was actually really glad that I got picked to find somebody. So
SPEAKER_L: So um where are you from like
SPEAKER_R: originally I'm from Virginia by way of texas and then right now I live in Missouri. I'm not I don't like Missouri very
SPEAKER_L: why
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: is it hot over there?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's human we live by the river in the capital of Missouri so I mean it can be pretty human but just the culture here I don't I don't care for the culture.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: in Chicago and it's pretty humid here too.
SPEAKER_R: is it? I've known people from Chicago and we were actually gonna go up there on a trip a little quick trip last year we didn't end up going but um we were gonna go see against some of the museums in Chicago. But
SPEAKER_L: there's there's a lot of museums here.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we didn't end up going but I don't know that I could deal with the cold up there in the winter. I mean it's cold in Missouri
SPEAKER_L: oh it's called
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: it was annoying. I'm like yeah I'm a Southern person I am not a northern so.
SPEAKER_L: these days it's good it's it's really nice weather spring and um it's great for biking. Like I'm sitting right next to the window so that's why I'm looking outside.
SPEAKER_R: Well I was out there that's why I don't look that great. I was outside earlier doing gardening so I have gardening beds at my house, I've got gardening beds out at the community gardens and
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm helping a friend he's a veteran who just had surgery with his garden so I'm like always covered in sweat and kids.
SPEAKER_L: That's like, just just earlier, because before this call I was like
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: cleaning my parts and I just have one plant which I like reported in. Like I made two of them. So I have the photos. Do you know about that? It was just the leaves. Yeah. So I was
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: cleaning that
SPEAKER_R: have one
SPEAKER_L: and providing
SPEAKER_R: of those
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: in my living room so those are so like forgiving to grow I mean they basically take any kind of abuse that you can back up. Alright my god I just um
SPEAKER_L: It's like you have a dog.
SPEAKER_R: yeah he says he's a rescue dog, he came from texas when I came back up through this last time and he's really close to me he doesn't ever want to he's very
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: nervous
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I think that he was maybe abused at some point in time so I moved my hand and he jumps so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's so cute. I love that. But since I've come here, I haven't like, I had I'm from Pakistan by the way, so I just moved here. Um, I got married and then I moved here in january. So
SPEAKER_R: this year.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, this year, just just
SPEAKER_R: you're like
SPEAKER_L: before the corona.
SPEAKER_R: so you have been here before though, right? Have you ever
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: visited?
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no.
SPEAKER_R: is your first time. You're totally
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I it came in the middle of like the winter, the Chicago. Winter. It was it was in the beginning, but
SPEAKER_R: I would imagine
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: what is
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: the temperature is like in Pakistan all the time Like do you all have like an actual winter, cold winter or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we have all the seasons, but they're not that harsh. Like here it's like snowing four ft in Chicago. But in Pakistan it's not, it doesn't go that as bad as snowing that much, but it's just like healing is like very rare. But I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: guess minus minus five I understand would be like the
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: minimum maximum. Yeah. Sandy,
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from I'm from texas and that kind of sounds like they're like the same kind of well we have extremes down there but we never get more than I mean if we get snow down there like in Houston I mean it's like a big deal and it shuts everything down. But then we have the extreme heat. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: don't like to be
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: cold.
SPEAKER_L: heat in texas. Yeah, I've heard
SPEAKER_R: Human
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: taxes
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: is awful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how's the corona situation, covid?
SPEAKER_R: Oh for well in our area see all my family's down south in texas and they're having the big spikes right now. And I come from like my mom and my, my aunt, my cousin are all nurses. My mom is disabled nurse, but I was down there with her for that month when she had her surgery when all this stuff was coming out and we're all watching the news of my mom, my aunt's coming over every day. She's the nurse, one of the nurses Just to check on because my mom lives in with my 83 year old grandmother and uh like my poor aunt and cousin, I mean they've been out in the field since all this started and they're just like working themselves to an early grave, you know, and they're not getting any kind of like hazard pay or, and they're still sharing like the area they're in there outside of, they had about three hours away from Dallas fort worth, but so they're kind of more of in a rural area. So they're still reusing like masks and shields and stuff and now with all this stuff you know, we were hoping, I think especially people like them, we're hoping that you know we kind of die out but it's not and it's just getting worse down there. So I worry about them. But up here like we don't really have the access to testing I think.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Um And the testing that we have, it's if you don't have insurance like I don't um You know I went to a place I had to drive like 45 minutes away to get tested and I was hoping that it would be the answer jim tests because I try to get blood when I can and I know the giving blood like viruses um actually has been shown to be helping patients that are hospitalized but ours up here are just the nasal swab. So I went to my done I went on my birthday actually June two and so that was good. I felt better. At least I got that done. I I tested negative but we were worried because I've been down in texas and my Mr is a public school teacher who is immuno comprised. He has he was born with really bad asthma. So we've been basically still like I go to my community gardens but my community garden is your way away from people we have there pretty big. So I'm not really worried about going out there and if we go to the stores and stuff around here, we still mask up. But people around here really aren't taking it seriously either. And they're a little bit about I shouldn't have to wear a mask. And against my right
SPEAKER_L: I saw some videos about that. That was, that was a little bit
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: like that's fine if you wouldn't want to wear a mask. But like I realise and admit like I'm a hospice volunteer and we haven't been able to see patients in months. So I'm like, at least openly admit that, you know, you're killing people off potentially by not doing that. Like it makes me so angry. But what can you do? Like
SPEAKER_L: So are the restaurant and other things open around your area?
SPEAKER_R: Our state was pushing, they never wanted to shut down. So our state was pushing to stay open that we did shut down for a brief period. But when they opened up all the bars and stuff and then I'm in the state, I'm sure you've probably heard about it if you listen to or watch the news, the whole lake of the Ozarks tobacco on um, what memorial day weekend? Where everybody went down to the lake, all the students and everything. And yeah, so, and that was from, we were getting people from all over to come into you. And I'm like, why do you want to go there anyway? I mean, I'm not a big party co kind of person anyway. So that just made the situation worse. And we made we made like friggin international news or for that crowd. And this is like Missouri, you know,
SPEAKER_L: I, I saw the video clip of the guy saying, uh, if we get corona, we get corona.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: That was
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: basically the attitude here in the state and I live in the capital city. And so you would think that it be better here, but no living in this capital city in Missouri is like the worst because it's like super Uber like um ultra conservative and like super religious and it's just politics and money runs everything here. It's the worst thing I've ever lived in honestly. So
SPEAKER_L: Overall, so overall in America, what do you think? How's how's life in America?
SPEAKER_R: Way rougher than I think now that when I grew up originally now I grew up late 70s, early 80s. So my family came from, I have an uncle that fought in Vietnam and both of my grandfathers fought in World War Two. Um and it was when I grew up now, I think I was raised a little bit different because like, you know, we were raised in a pretty extreme religion. Um but the one good thing about that religion was it was equality, it matter who you were or what background you were from. Like, we were raised in the Deep South, so which was pretty, so pretty racist back then. But at least like my family learned that like, you know, we we fought against like fascism, You know, we we've lost family members to fighting world wars or Vietnam, but when I came along in like 75, I mean, we were still dealing with Korea and Vietnam at that point. But we had a brief period where when I was growing up, we didn't have any like wartime situation, you know, it wasn't an act of over wars that we were in at that point We had like little skirmishes and whatnot, but nothing. And I think about my son is 27 And the the Iraqi, what do we even call it back then? Like in 94, I don't even remember what it was called then um because it's been so long now, my son is 27 and he was like three or four when that happened. So he's these kids nowadays are these younger people nowadays, they've grown up in really what was a totally different culture than what I did because everywhere they have this longstanding war and these recessions um Back in the 80s, it wasn't a bad time to grow up, as far as economics, you know, everything was booming, it seemed like, but I think my perceptions are based a lot of it on growing up in the time period that I did, but also in the family that I did and not like I don't know, I don't really think things have gotten different. It used to be like in the 80s, let me give you an example Like in the 80s, like indiana jones was like the big, you know um like those that were big movies and back then it was like all about like indiana jones punch nazis, you know? And like now you've got people openly like they don't even care that they're openly racist or openly like white supremacist,
SPEAKER_L: I get your point.
SPEAKER_R: you know, that has been a very big like dismaying factor to me that in american politics are just flat out ridiculous and awful and our social systems here are so bad. I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know you're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: new here and I don't want to like scare you off
SPEAKER_L: no no
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: no it's okay. It's I think it's it's related to the whole, it's it's the situation of the whole world right now. But it's like
SPEAKER_R: suspect
SPEAKER_L: it's like people are going away from the morals that they used to have a long time ago. Like our elders did have some moral values, but these days there there are no values, especially among the youngsters. They have the, I don't care attitude and
SPEAKER_R: but I think that I'm like why should they, you know in a way like I don't know where like my generation went wrong to where we're here now but like a lot of these kids that I mean that are my son's age, they have bad depression. They got you know there's so much stuff going on throwing them and and thank goodness my son didn't grow up in the era. The high school and middle school kids are growing up now where you got to worry about school shootings like being a parent at this time. I don't know. And then how do you explain our president like saying the stuff that I mean, how do you explain that the kids growing up? So why would they have a reason to care or like, you know what I'm saying? It's so
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: things are so
SPEAKER_L: messed
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: up. Yeah. It's messed up. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: So I don't know what, uh, I don't know. I'm I my big hope right now. Is there so much massive social shifts going on? Is that I mean, it's and it's on a wide scale, it's on an international scale, as far as social change and equality issues. And I'm hoping that things actually will change this time, because we've seen these little flares before, like during the Rodney King riots or you know, Michael Brown or you know, just different ones over the years, that stuff has to change. Or else we're at the end of what was America? I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I'm very disheartened right now in the state of America. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I think it's it's what everyone's thinking and saying right now especially and there are like a lot of controversy regarding the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: president and
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: nobody agrees with with what he does so
SPEAKER_R: well, I mean, I'm a pretty blunt person, The guy is just an idiot he should never have been. I'm like seriously, like when that election was coming up, when they said he was one of the, I was like that seems odd to me, but there's no way in heck this man will ever get in, you know? And like I actually went when, when they announced it and I was like this has got to be a joke, this is like really got to be satire because whoever thinks that this man is a great candidate to put in any kind of office and I thought well let's just give him a chance. Maybe it won't be as bad as what I think it's gonna be, oh hell no, this has been worse than what I could have ever imagined happening, you know? Mhm. So yeah, my thing is at this point though, it's gotta get better after this. It has to, you know, it's probably going to get worse for a while, but then you can only go down so far before it starts having to go back up. So that is my hope and I'm just extremely worried. I'm a history buff. And so my two primary loves in history american history at least not even talking about like world history, like the roman empire, but my two big american history loves are the Civil War and World War Two because I have ties familial ties to those. And so I find it fascinating. And so a lot of the discussions I here today about the civil war and the white supremacy attitude really worries me because, you know, okay, I honestly think I wonder if we have to get to the point of another civil war before any of us corrects. You know, I hope not. But all the signs are there and it's not just the signs of the aggression between people today. It's also the signs of like capitalism, I'm a big anti capitalist and those things have just aided. So like I'm worried about the american way of life. If they're even, you know, I'm not american way of life, I don't give a crap away about that. Because I want things in the american way of life means that we subjugate one, four and four. This white bread idea of what America is and I don't want a part of that. What I'm saying is like America has a hole, then will become a fascist
SPEAKER_L: President.
SPEAKER_R: country. And there's no way to like what I worry is what after trump's out of office is there's no way to claw any of this back now. What you, once you've gone past certain standard.
SPEAKER_L: points, yeah
SPEAKER_R: Or like ethics, how do we ever get ethics and government back after all of this? I don't know. Like, I don't know. So I'm worried that we're heading, we're careening toward a second civil war and that there's not anything that and some people want it. They're, they're really gunning for it, you know, like literally. So that's what worries me. Is that, is that what, that's what we're having for before things get better. I don't know. What do you think your nuclear? So what do you think about?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I have like um my observation is more of uh economic point of views, not too much history leader but it's mostly the capitalistic way uh earning here
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and and spending. And it's my general observation is like America kind of uh knows how to take the money out of someone. And if you yeah and if you and if you're rich you're
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you're fine. But if you're like middle class I don't know if if you if you understand what I mean by middle class it's like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: normal
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: normal people so they're going to have a pretty hard time getting a good life and a good life means like at least good education and uh even education after you complete high school it's so expensive. So.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean I have, I have like $100,000 in college loans and so does my mysteries. A schoolteacher
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you
SPEAKER_R: and that was supposed to be like the american dream was you, you go to school, you, you know, you get your degree, go out and get a job and you stay at that job for the rest of your life. That's how it used to be. Like in my father in law, he said, now are my grandparents day, you know, and you, you could afford to have a little house, you didn't have to live extravagantly. But everything now here is so throw away even relationships or everything is in that pursuit of that dollar and
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: life
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: is cheap.
SPEAKER_L: everyone is running out of
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: running for the money and, and, and this is why I think you kind of lose track of the morals and the values like
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the things that really matter, you you lose track of that and you run for the for the money. And I think that's why this is probably why the young generation is getting sidetracked because and like they're just just depression is a mental illnesses because they don't know what really matters and what they're trying to get is even if they do a lot of work, they have worked hard for it and then they get that thing they realized, oh maybe that that's not what we were looking for. So, so I think it's that that's just my general observation when I came here.
SPEAKER_R: Well there's, I think you have to kind of hit the nail on the head there because Mhm. At least what I was saying, um how I grew up, at least back then we still thought that if you work hard enough that if you went to school, if you had all the right things, you know, everything was going to fall into place and then the 90s hit and stuff started deteriorating quickly and it you can't ever I mean, I don't think, I think that's the frustration doesn't matter how hard you work or how good you are, how good you are in your community. Like, you know, there's still no like stability or there's no hope. You know, I think when people lose hope, That's when you can T. two, you know, you that's one of those things where and when your hope is gone, it's almost impossible to get it back. So I don't think that's part of problem to you. They're just frustration and hope and people want things to get better, but they disagree about how that should be done, you know,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: they're not
SPEAKER_R: not cool.
SPEAKER_L: good about disagreeing as well, Like they don't like they get violent when they disagree. They don't, they're not open to opinions either.
SPEAKER_R: I see that and I've been struggling with that to you recently because like I believe, I mean I try to use like when I'm talking to people, I'll try to use like a street epistemology like you know, kind of techniques but it is like some of these issues that we talk about these days are so fiery and people beliefs are passionate are so passionate about them that it's really hard to park the emotion at the door to effectively use, you know, street epistemology and ask questions sometimes instead of just, well you're wrong, you're freaking racist, you know that. So
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: it's more difficult now. And the one good thing I see is that stuff is being laid to bare for all of us to see like police brutality, I mean and wide overreached by police unions and those kind of things, but like we don't have how our healthcare situation here is an abysmal massive problem. You know, there was any any like At one point in time I had over $200,000 in health care debt and it ruined my credit.
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I mean, but what are you gonna do if you're, I mean I had a chronic
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: health condition at the time, so I mean a lot of us are bankrupted by health care problems. What? So you know this, We used to be a better country and I think we can be better again and not like and we're not going to get better by being all like America 1st and all that stupid crap, but we're gonna be better by like my brother, he is, he's very, very wealthy and I am not, let's put it that way. Um he's really big on, well. If you would just do what I tell you to do, then you can be like me and I'm like but you're not
SPEAKER_L: Different.
SPEAKER_R: take into account that I can do a lot of stuff that you can't do. You're really good at making and saving money. Those are not my forte's, but I can grow tomatoes and share them with my community. I can I do hospice volunteer work. That is something that I can do that creeps you out. I can deal with death and I can deal with trauma and grief issues. That is something that you can't deal with it all. So don't make it a situation where you're better than because you have this one skill that I don't have. The whole point of America I thought was that we all have different skills and we all use those different skills. They fit together like puzzles and then that bigger puzzle that we all fit together as a nation is what makes us
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: actually great and work together, but now we don't want to work together
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: they they found shortcuts, they find shortcuts to get money and and they they they see that if you want to reach that
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: up, you just need money. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and that's all that's that's valued here anymore. People, people want to say about the good old days with the good old days were harder than what people remember, but they also they were much more communal when we switched over here to industrialization, Free World War two um to be able to find the world of the war effort in europe that we didn't want to get into yet. Um That's what I mean, basically, so America was industrialized based off or and we made a lot of money doing it and there was, you know, for the people that that did it and made money off those things, they're not going to stop now and now we have to fight like, you know, fund this these ever wars like I don't even know what they're calling it now, Iraqi on Iraqi, whatever the heck it's called. Um we're still doing this stuff and we were still funding the military complex which you know is increasing day by day and now you're going to have the space force to it. Like we got problems here are citizens, we're only as good as our citizenry, you know, so I don't know, and we're cutting off our noses to spite your face because I used to work at um and missions at University of Houston Clear Lake, which is outside of Houston texas and it's a Nasa based school, so it's only upper level institution, It was basically made for Nasa students to kind of help them get their skills that they needed for those jobs. And the majority of our students, there were indian students right now, a lot of those skills students were highly skilled And they would come over here on H1B visas um and a lot of our highly skilled trades down there in Houston were Like Indian students um that came over here to become engineers or doctors or lawyers or or whatever. So our primary base was H1B students and now that Trump's cutting off H1B visas. Oh my yeah, they can't see past the racist ideology that that's actually going to hurt like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: our area that we most didn't cover it here in the US, you cut off student workers and you cut off student education, It's things are just going to get worse, but racism rules today and H1BS gets get shut off. So I don't, I would loan let me ask you a question not to get too, have you ever taken the toefel?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: know what's in the tofu like I prepared for it, but I didn't take it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, okay. See I'm native born and I had the option to take the toefl just because I work there and I was working with my my primary base was international students. So I learned a lot from my students, especially like indian culture, like for the longest time. This sounds dumb, but for the longest time like I didn't know. So when students went like that, I thought they were agreeing with me, right? Because that's what you hear when they went like this, that meant that they were disagreeing with me. Well come to find out its opposite and indian culture when they do this, that means no, they don't agree with you. Well it's more like a it's more like this, but if they mean if they agree with you that it is like this and it took me a long time to figure that out and what I was like, oh my gosh, this makes communicating so much easier. But anyway, I took the Tofel myself just to be able to see how hard I was an english major for like a long time. I used to edit international journals, so I'm pretty good at like the grammar and the, so I thought, well how hard can this be? I hope I flat out flunked the toefel and I'm a native speaker. It's hard.
SPEAKER_L: What it is?
SPEAKER_R: And I keep thinking all these folks that think the international admissions, they're just getting over here to like catch a break. They have no clue how much.
SPEAKER_L: my like my husband applied for PhD here in Northwestern University and it was difficult to get an admission like it wasn't as easy as just filling out application forms and just waiting for the result. It wasn't like that, you had to fill all the forms for all the universities, contact your professors give the G. R. E. And G. R. E. Isn't isn't easy as well like
SPEAKER_R: Well especially
SPEAKER_L: that's tougher.
SPEAKER_R: especially if you've gone to school over in Pakistan where they have to be translated because that's what we would have is to be able to get a
SPEAKER_L: Um Your voice is breaking up by seeing. Yeah. No it's better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like, oh, but so that would take sometimes six months or more for for just to get back a translated transcript. Which was slowed the process down so much. And what gets me is sometimes with indian students especially because they have to I mean well international students have to anyway but they have to have financial backing and sometimes I'm not sure how it is in Pakistan but the culture there is sometimes it takes them a while to be able to get the financial backing and it takes several families that get together
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's the same. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: one person to be able to go. And so you've got a person that's been waiting for two at for two years for admission, they're finally ready to get here and then the U. S. Says no we're not going to take you now. I mean you've disrupted an entire like it's a process.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: People that think that the international students aren't vetted properly. I'm like I don't know how you can vet them anymore properly than what international emissions does. I mean it is an arduous process. So inexpensive the last time. Well I spent a while since I worked there but the last time I worked there they had to have backing Of at least $35,000. So that's a lot of freaking money for any student here to come up with. They have financial backing for let alone, especially when international students are already charged triple the tuition, right? You know? I don't know. I see. Yes, we're going to be faltering for a while. The long term effects of what's happening right now, if we ever recover, it is going to take a very long time. And that that makes me sad for like my son's age and kids younger than him because they had a financial mess afterwards, and not just the financial, but a society that's kind of like grief stricken and broken for a while because people don't get along, they can't even get along with the simplest things anymore. So I'm like, we literally fought war over the Nazi flag and it seems this stuff now just uh holocaust and I are driving me nuts too. I'm like, how can you deny that six million people were, you know, I don't get it, it's like willful ignorance and that drives me insane. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: let's hope for the best.
SPEAKER_R: that's I mean that's all you can do at this point and do what you can. I went to my very first protest ever in my life and it was a black lives Matter protest at our capital because I'm like this is enough. Like I don't know what else to do. Like we tell people to vote all you want, but what else can you do at this point? You have to do something besides sit at home and just bitch about it on facebook. So I was like, all right, I've never done this before. And I went masked up and everything. And I'm not gonna lie. It was a little bit scary because I wasn't really sure we were married by
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: National Guards in in like flat gear. So I was like, I've never had a bad interaction before with National Guard. This could be weird, but it was okay. But you know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: there were a few people who got arrested people who were protesting. Did
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that happen in your
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: area as well?
SPEAKER_R: didn't have that problem here. We had some protests. They weren't protesters and we had a couple people that were arrested later on that night for fighting over on one of our campuses, but it wasn't related to our protests. So that was a good it there's another thing happening tomorrow at the capital and I am kind of worried about it because I've heard rumors that three or 4 groups, armed groups like militia groups are going to be going up to the capitals of protests. And there are groups from opposite sides of the spectrum. So you've got white supremacist groups coming up and then you've got um armed black like neo they're not there. It's like a newer version of black panthers. They don't align with like Black Lives Matter, but it's kind of like a new version of black panthers. It's a little bit, I don't know how to describe it. Anyway, supposedly
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: tomorrow on Independence Day. A lot of these like white supremacist groups are planning on, you know the south is gonna rise again tomorrow and then you've got these black groups that are showing up armed. So I'm if they all show up I've got a feeling it's gonna be bad. So we will see what happens tomorrow. A lot of them are just like blowing smoke, you know? I don't know. But
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: so what are your plans for the Independence Day? You're
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: just gonna stay, stay home?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're going to stay here avoid any, you know, I think I'm going to do tomorrow is I'm going out to my community gardens the weed and pick vegetables and hang out with some of the gardeners out there and swap gardening tips and stories vegetables. So that's all we're doing. And I'm like I said we're still kind of quarantining quarantining anyway because we don't Yeah, I come from a medical family and like I said, I've worked with for years so we can and we can see fireworks from our front pork. So what do you all think I'm not doing?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, nothing. It's
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: not planned anything yet. So I don't know. My husband has a research paper due in a few weeks and he's working even on Sundays and I'm like oh stop, mm,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. See
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: I never went for the PhD because I was like, I know me. I would never like I would never get a master's thesis done. I would just read that stuff along until like. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it takes some nerve.
SPEAKER_R: Well I was thinking you have to really love the topic that you you're doing, but after you've done it for a thesis whatnot that maybe you would love that topic anymore. It might
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: ruin it for you. Oh, I don't know. But yeah, I mean we're not planning any barbecues or nothing. We're just gonna I might make curry tomorrow. I made some chicken potato curry the other day.
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: That was just absolutely to die for. So I might curry tomorrow. I love the way the curry makes my house smell. I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: remember I even like I didn't have any coconut milk but I even used like cinnamon sticks and and it actually gave it like a really nice like deep, you know flavor
SPEAKER_L: aroma.
SPEAKER_R: under can you for it. And yeah, and smoked paprika. I'm in love with smoked paprika. So yeah, I may have to make some of that plus the one pot meal. And even
SPEAKER_L: it's easy
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: dog, I don't think he's ever had correct before until the other night in this way. That's over those curry potatoes. So,
SPEAKER_L: gosh. Okay. So
SPEAKER_R: but uh huh size
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: up well,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry,
SPEAKER_R: so I don't know. But uh, so if if you even if you've done one of these informal, they let us know and like, because I can talk forever. Will they let us know
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: when our minutes
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: our minister up because it's 35 minutes so we're talking. So
SPEAKER_R: okay? So if you're out of here or what do we do?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, we could just uh go to the other tab and I think uh we quick on the yeah click on the next button.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you for talking.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: It was nice.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: was it was
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: really nice talking to you. Yeah, it's uh to be honest, it's the first time I've talked to an American for 25 minutes straight.
SPEAKER_R: Well just you
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: guys stay safe and
SPEAKER_L: Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of friends don't, you know with everything going on right now, not just Corona. Just people are so quick to judge anymore. All of us white people are not like that, either. So just be
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: safe from
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: Corona.
SPEAKER_L: same forever for for everyone, like for every asians as well. So not everyone is the same as they say in the news. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Let's just hope it gets better. But, okay, well, you guys, you guys be safe. It was wonderful
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: to you.
SPEAKER_L: It was, it was awesome. Thank you. Start. Thank
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Bye bye.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Hi.