Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Over time. Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah beat the shit so wow. Yes. Yeah. Yes jesus. Yeah. All right. Yeah no problem. Yeah gindi after women. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah Yeah. Mhm mhm. Hello?
Hi I'm good. What's your name?
Okay my name is Yasha
nice to meet to do so
So is this the first time you're trying this because it's the second time? The for the first two times? Uh
Nobody came. Yeah.
So um where are you from like
why
is it hot over there?
I'm
in Chicago and it's pretty humid here too.
there's there's a lot of museums here.
oh it's called
here.
these days it's good it's it's really nice weather spring and um it's great for biking. Like I'm sitting right next to the window so that's why I'm looking outside.
that's
That's like, just just earlier, because before this call I was like
cleaning my parts and I just have one plant which I like reported in. Like I made two of them. So I have the photos. Do you know about that? It was just the leaves. Yeah. So I was
cleaning that
and providing
that.
It's like you have a dog.
I
don't know.
That's so cute. I love that. But since I've come here, I haven't like, I had I'm from Pakistan by the way, so I just moved here. Um, I got married and then I moved here in january. So
yeah, this year, just just
before the corona.
No,
no, no, no.
Yeah. And I it came in the middle of like the winter, the Chicago. Winter. It was it was in the beginning, but
because
it's
Yeah, we have all the seasons, but they're not that harsh. Like here it's like snowing four ft in Chicago. But in Pakistan it's not, it doesn't go that as bad as snowing that much, but it's just like healing is like very rare. But I
guess minus minus five I understand would be like the
minimum maximum. Yeah. Sandy,
Great.
I've
heard
about
the
heat in texas. Yeah, I've heard
about
that.
Yeah. So how's the corona situation, covid?
What?
I saw some videos about that. That was, that was a little bit
funny.
So are the restaurant and other things open around your area?
I, I saw the video clip of the guy saying, uh, if we get corona, we get corona.
That was
fun.
Overall, so overall in America, what do you think? How's how's life in America?
I get your point.
It's
like
no no
no it's okay. It's I think it's it's related to the whole, it's it's the situation of the whole world right now. But it's like
it's like people are going away from the morals that they used to have a long time ago. Like our elders did have some moral values, but these days there there are no values, especially among the youngsters. They have the, I don't care attitude and
It's
messed
up. Yeah. It's messed up. Mm.
I think it's it's what everyone's thinking and saying right now especially and there are like a lot of controversy regarding the
president and
nobody agrees with with what he does so
President.
points, yeah
Yeah. Um I have like um my observation is more of uh economic point of views, not too much history leader but it's mostly the capitalistic way uh earning here
and and spending. And it's my general observation is like America kind of uh knows how to take the money out of someone. And if you yeah and if you and if you're rich you're
you're fine. But if you're like middle class I don't know if if you if you understand what I mean by middle class it's like
normal
normal people so they're going to have a pretty hard time getting a good life and a good life means like at least good education and uh even education after you complete high school it's so expensive. So.
Yeah. So you
everything
that
everyone is running out of
running for the money and, and, and this is why I think you kind of lose track of the morals and the values like
the things that really matter, you you lose track of that and you run for the for the money. And I think that's why this is probably why the young generation is getting sidetracked because and like they're just just depression is a mental illnesses because they don't know what really matters and what they're trying to get is even if they do a lot of work, they have worked hard for it and then they get that thing they realized, oh maybe that that's not what we were looking for. So, so I think it's that that's just my general observation when I came here.
And
they're not
good about disagreeing as well, Like they don't like they get violent when they disagree. They don't, they're not open to opinions either.
I agree.
What
this?
Different.
Great.
because
they they found shortcuts, they find shortcuts to get money and and they they they see that if you want to reach that
up, you just need money. Yeah.
No.
I
know what's in the tofu like I prepared for it, but I didn't take it.
What it is?
my like my husband applied for PhD here in Northwestern University and it was difficult to get an admission like it wasn't as easy as just filling out application forms and just waiting for the result. It wasn't like that, you had to fill all the forms for all the universities, contact your professors give the G. R. E. And G. R. E. Isn't isn't easy as well like
that's tougher.
Um Your voice is breaking up by seeing. Yeah. No it's better. Yeah.
Yeah it's the same. Yeah.
Yeah.
let's hope for the best.
All
I
heard
there were a few people who got arrested people who were protesting. Did
that happen in your
area as well?
Good
Well
so what are your plans for the Independence Day? You're
just gonna stay, stay home?
I don't know, nothing. It's
not planned anything yet. So I don't know. My husband has a research paper due in a few weeks and he's working even on Sundays and I'm like oh stop, mm,
mm.
it takes some nerve.
that's
Me.
like
aroma.
it's easy
to,
gosh. Okay. So
so
Sorry,
No,
no
our minister up because it's 35 minutes so we're talking. So
yeah, we could just uh go to the other tab and I think uh we quick on the yeah click on the next button.
So
it
was it was
really nice talking to you. Yeah, it's uh to be honest, it's the first time I've talked to an American for 25 minutes straight.
One.
Thank you so much.
It's
the
same forever for for everyone, like for every asians as well. So not everyone is the same as they say in the news. Yeah.
You,
too.
It was, it was awesome. Thank you. Start. Thank
you.
Bye bye.