Mhm Okay. Thanks. Mhm No, because a lot of time. Uh huh Uh huh. Exactly. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Okay. The people, yeah. Hi there. How are you?
Good. So I'm not sure if we're just supposed to talk or if there's any directions.
Okay. Sounds good to me. So I, I guess you are american.
Okay. We have the same
type
of speed.
Yes. Indeed. What state are you in?
Okay. I am in Arizona so it's a lot harder for me than it is for you. Mhm
it's a whole different ball game.
What?
Yeah, it is. Once you're here, I didn't grow up here. I've been here maybe 12 or 13 years. Um and you get used to it. You really do. Like I had that Era. I think it's probably gonna be up to 100 today and I had the
air
on.
I know. Um and I was cold. I had to put it up. I couldn't like even at like 79, I was like, Oh, I can't do it.
All
Right. Right. Are you okay.
Well, I guess you were born in the right place then assuming you were born in Oregon.
you're
gonna okay. And so you move, you move with your family, I guess?
Oh, okay. Okay. Did you go there for a job? Okay.
Beef.
Just spin it on the map.
What
and see what happens. Well, and it was a good choice for you.
Good. That's fine. Because I was looking reading a little news today and there was a map of the states and which states people want to leave. Like if they did surveys like, you know, something like we're doing. Um, and what states people wanted to move out of? And Oregon was one of the ones that was like, yeah, we want to stay here. So
yeah, people like it there.
Same
with Arizona.
you were right, right, right. Where did you start this journey of life? And so you've met? So you've been there since 2013? So that's a good amount of time. You have the next big circle of friends and people that
you hang out with.
Yeah. You have
In a good way.
Okay. I guess. Right. That's what crazy
is.
Well, that's good. That's kind of the point. Hopefully you say stayed safe in most of them. The
right, I showed up for my chat. So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That's always helpful. So what have you been doing to keep yourself out of crazy boredom while we're shut down, you know?
Mhm. Okay. Well with roommates it's kind of difficult to, you know even so with roommates or with a situation where if you have the kids that goes back and forth you're not you can't really it's not you're not isolating you just can't, you know and if you have a job where you have to go to, you know, you just
say
oh that's good. So you can do, you can remote work. Yeah that's great where there's so many people out here, you know like just get the parks and walking around and just you know exercising because we don't believe what else we're going to do and you know soon it's going to get so hot that you can't really go out. Um Yeah but there's a lot of people outside it just just you know to enjoying the weather because you know, I'm sure you've heard, you know, they all, it's a dry heat thing. Well, that's actually true. And you know, 100 degrees is hot but it is not unbearable. You know, maybe if you're a little bit more, you like the cold a little bit more. So for you it might be unbearable.
But
party.
One of my friends said it's like you open the oven and you jumped in like, okay, that's pretty much it. So once you're here for a while you start to feel like I would never get in a pool unless it's over 100 degrees because otherwise it's just too cold. Which is weird too. Thank you here.
What
is
I assume?
Right. And the river is probably always chilly, right. It probably doesn't really warm up that much.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that must be nice. I
just bought a frisbee so we could start playing frisbee because you know you only get something there's only so much walking around you can do. So what did you study in college?
Oh that's nifty. And did you go to graduate school after that or you started
working?
Right. Right. Right. Yeah that's how I was when I got out of college was like now what are you doing something that your degree would correspond? What are you doing something completely separate?
thank
you.
Oh okay. So what's the A. I I don't I don't know what that is. I mean I know what artificial intelligence is but what do
you do
online with
it?
No. Right.
heard.
Oh that sounds kind of need. And so what's it called? I'm gonna write this down. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay. This year. Oh okay. Check. Right because the way we write and the way we speak is quite different sometimes.
So
then
and that's the type of thing that they use with like Alexa and Siri and trying to make that better and whatever you use the google. Oh
I don't actually have either of them but I have a close friend that does so with him a lot when he's talking to it sometimes
he mixes him up like he was not clear if you're talking to Siri or Alexa at
the time you know? But he figures it out you know? Well that's cool. So what is it is it something like kind of similar to this where?
that is really cool. And which what site do you use? What do you like the best?
turk as it like? Burk. Oh okay. What does that mean? What does that stand for?
I
went in december, I went to the Turks and Caicos so that's of course what I was thinking but I'm sure it's well I'm not sure I imagine it doesn't have anything to do with the island. Do you know where they got that Islanders? Have you heard
the Turks and Caicos? It's over the caribbean. Yeah
it
was
super
cool. It was it was the family christmas trip, whereas normally we would be in Dallas um this time we went to Turks and Caicos and so that was awesome and it was right before you know obviously everything stopped moving before the world kind of stopped spinning so
it was
like
No but I didn't know we had a trip planned to go to Barcelona um March 22 or something like that. So we were supposed to leave. So if I remember correctly it was it was a thursday that it was announced like basically we're closing the borders for travel and we were supposed to leave on sunday. Yeah, so the next day we did it through Costco, it was a Costco trip and the next day, you know, gone on the horn and actually got the money back and got refunded. But it was that was like the very last day we could have done it. Um And then we only got the for the air tick for the airfare, we just got you know, you can use this, you can use the money for the next two years instead of the one year or whatever. So we didn't get that back. But we do have the ability. But we were, you know, the whole time like up until right then we're like we're going we're going to go, we're fine, we're healthy, you know? And
then
no, well remember I think Italy started so Italy was the big problem at that. So it was maybe like it was maybe a week and a half after we decided not to go that it started to really migrate in Spain and not only Spain but Barcelona is where it started. So we were like holy moses and we were going to see the person I was going with, his niece was doing a year abroad. I mean semester abroad in Barcelona. So she was like in that mad scramble to get back to the States, you know, because they were, the information was a little jumbled, you know, guess afterwards we figured out that if you're an american citizen, yes, you could certainly come home. But the way
it was, remember originally put out was you have by friday to get home otherwise you screwed. So you know, mad dash and she did end up getting back. But I feel so bad for these kids, you know, the high school seniors and college seniors and you know, it's just a little bit uh a little bit more devastating for them. My daughter is in high school, but she just started, so she's got a couple of years before she, you know, does, you know, look forward to prom or whatever she wants to do.
But I feel bad for
the kids that.
No, no. Right. Because it's not like, you know, this was so strange in terms of anything that we've experienced and really anything in our, you know, modern history, sure we've had recessions, but we know, they came up because of X, y and Z. This, you know, in terms of the economic was sort of forced on us and was like, you know, you couldn't what do you do? There's no way to get around it. So yeah, I feel bad. You know, some of the schools I understand are going to do a graduation, like maybe in october or you know, and this is the colleges that I'm, you know, hearing about if the kids can come back and so that's wonderful, but it's just not the same, you
know?
Good point.
Got it.
it does. It does. And I'm wondering so because I teach college and so my college said we're going to go back in august right? And um
We're going to follow whatever the guidelines are at the time, you know? And so and I'm wondering, you know, you sit in the classroom and it's, my classes are about 40 kids and
there's no room, like you can't do six ft, like, you know, and that's as I've seen, you know, as you go to the grocery store or you know, whatever, I have to do something with my car, you know, something out there a little bit, people cannot do six ft in my estimate. They can't it's not natural. And so like you ask the grocery store worker, like, do you know where X. Is? And they cannot, they're not going to stand and yell to you from six ft apart. I've just I've just noticed it, you know? And I'm not like running backwards, I'm not, you know, I am pretty healthy and I feel pretty good about, you know, what's happening, But I'm like, this is just it's not human, it's not natural, it's not going
to happen,
you
know?
Where do you know
Yeah.
What?
right, right. I mean, I would think certainly there's a ton of information out there, right. And whoever you are, you can find an article to back up what you think, but I would definitely have a hard time with it's not happening. You guys think we're pretty clear that it's happening, what we do about it, you know, you can argue about what we should do about it, how bad it's ultimately going to be, but
I
think
it's pretty
clear it's
happening.
let
me
play with them.
is
different.
No, no, I would think that that would be somewhat clear by now. But again I guess if you just close your eyes or close your ears and only look at whatever news you want to look at but you know and then some of it gets like how we're never going to have the actual numbers never, you know because do I mean even if we had all the tests to test people, is that what we're gonna do? You know? And then people were like I'm not going to go do that and if I have to pay for it, I'm certainly not going to go do that, you know? So there's those people and then the tests are different. My understanding is it's different for whether you have it now versus you have it you have the antibiotics or
antibiotics, so.
Right. Right. Right. And I guess you know now that I'm thinking about it were the numbers that we have from like say the 1918 pandemic. Right. Were those accurate numbers?
Okay.
crazy. Yeah.
Well,
that is really interesting. I never thought about that. So I have um you know two people peripherally well one I know well that have even gotten the virus and then passed on, one was my grandmother. Um she was 101 so she was going from something, you know what I mean, whether it was this or something, something else. Um and then the other lady I know is a real good friend stepmother who was, she's been in a nursing home for maybe the last 10 years cancer dementia and the whole thing. So then I wonder is that really an accurate representation to say that they died of the coronavirus at least at least from my grandma, 100 and one, you know, and I don't know, I don't have an answer to that. You
know
what?
wow, that's pretty, pretty big, right?
Right. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean it doesn't it's interesting I think and you know, having a teenage daughter, I'm certainly really glad to see that it isn't really targeting the younger population. I mean, I don't want to see it target anyone, but you know, obviously we only do things from our own point of view and I really don't want us to target teenagers. Um But I find it interesting, you know that the younger people are not not that they're immune from it, right? You know, even your age bracket um if you're, you know, you're maybe early thirties, twenties or something, I can't do that in my head.
Um Okay. Um you know, your age group two is not really hit hard, doesn't mean that nobody that age is, you know, it's getting it, but really the teenagers are really been um pretty well immune
in a sense. I mean, I know that's the wrong word, but
okay,
Television.
And you know, the longer that written and recorded history goes on, right, we started to learn that things that we thought we knew for maybe 100 or so years, we figure out later it's not we didn't actually know it in the right, you know, we had some break in the chain. And so my assumption is as we go further and further in human history, we're going to see a lot less, you know, declarations of this is what it is. Because over time it's proved to be a little bit different from that. Or you know, you
know.
Absolutely. You know that's funny because when I told the person that I'm dating, when we first met, I said listen, just so you know, there are times when I'll tell you something and I will act as if I know what I'm talking about and I just completely made it up. So feel free to call me out on it because
you just say it with authority because you're like, well, I think I know this and I'm not trying I'm not trying to lie to you. You know, that's why I said, you know, listen, call me out if I'm saying
something
ridiculous because I just say it with as if I know what I'm talking about and then people believe you say like that.
Yeah. Or like you say where you get it from, like I'll say something like so today Reddit told me so letting the person know it's a social media site, you know, a lot of the times like it will just be a link to an article that I'm citing. So it is at least an article or you know, but just to say, you know, so here's where I got this information
from. You do with it what you will and you know, if it makes you feel good, then take it in and feel good about it because it doesn't that world just trying to feel good, you know? Yeah, totally
great.
No.
Right. Right. Right. What a lovely point of view that is. And you're absolutely right. And I think there's a lot to be said for you create your own reality. So if that's not to say like if I'm going to go walk into a room that you know, 10 people have the disease and I can go walk in and say I'm not going to get this right. But if I if I do have that mindset, maybe that does something towards keeping me healthier, keeping me safe for, you know, and that's one of those things where I'm like, well I don't know if it's true, but it makes me feel good to believe I have some, you know control over what happens to me in my life. So there Oh God,
Absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely. I was reading I do like read it a lot, so I was reading something, I read it and you know a lot of the people on there are younger than I am and somebody was saying, Oh, I hear after, you know 30 your, it's all, it's all over and so I was like, listen, I feel great, I'm 50 and I feel great. I wake up and I feel great. Doesn't mean I want to immediately go to the gym when I wake up. I need an hour, maybe an hour and a half before I'm going to go out and run or whatever, you know. But and I said, I said, I really think that it's more so about how you eat what you believe then really even, you know, for me it really even genetic
because my parents are a mess disaster. I'm not, you know, and it's, I got both of their genes, you know?
Um, but I just, I choose to believe that I'm going to age in a way, like my grandmother didn't stay, stay around till 900 or so, and then, you know, peace up. She didn't, she didn't suffer very long. She had, it was pretty quick, you know, she had a fever for, and because she was my grandmother and she hung around for a long time, she maybe was around for a week and then she just like, you know, in her sleep essentially, like for you, it's
hard to think that um you know, he was like, oh, so devastating. It's not, she was 101. She went in her sleep, like,
you know, I'm good for you, you had a great life and I'm happy for you, you know? But of course I would never say that to my, you know, the family members that don't think the same way I do,
some
of us have the same feelings and some of us don't we don't always have to give those that don't have the same feelings as we do our the information on how we feel. Right? Really?
Thank you.
Exactly. And that's what in my opinion that's how we live in a civilized society. You do have to take those other people into account because if I have something I feel very strongly about. I would love for them to take me into account when they're talking to me. So you know you're given you get So I think we're at 25 minutes here.
I think
so. Right because it's my my computer says 1.57. right You hear
in
the same.
Okay. Um So it was lovely shopping with you and do you know what we do now? Do we just go back we leave this open?
What?
Okay. Well it was lovely talking with you and I hope you get yourself outside soon.
I'm gonna go to the beach to but that takes it takes a five hour car ride. But that's what I want to be able to do. I was just like
you
want to be able
to the beach.
Well once you get to the beach and I get to California we will wave to each other from the coast
we'll
go with
100
Because 3000 all the way across the country. Right so let's just say 600 miles
because we don't know either way. So sounds good.
Okay what was lovely speaking with you?
Yeah thank you so much.