I'm good. How? Yeah
I think there was no directions. We're just supposed to like talk about whatever.
I am american.
Here's
some
like you're also american
I'm in Oregon. I live in Portland.
man. Yeah we've been getting a little bit of a heat wave. But Arizona
I like went to Arizona on a road trip once when I was a very little child
and the only thing I remember is how hot it was.
Well
you
know,
guests. Well I'm just like a
cold weather person in general. Like um when I was a kid I would walk to school when it was snowing and jeans and a t shirt. I never want to be like what are you doing? What
about it? I was like I'm just enjoying the nice weather. What's wrong with you?
Oh no I was born in Maryland
as.
Oh no. Um I so I grew up in the D. C. Suburbs and then I went to texas for college and then I came to Portland after college.
I just
thought Portland would be a good place to move, I was like
or I can go anywhere. Um At the time I didn't drive, so like living in a place with good public transit was pretty important. I was like I've never been to Portland before, I guess I'll just fly there with all
my things and see what happens.
Yeah, that was 2013. So who's been going? Well?
Oh we have so many people coming,
Most people I made are transplants. Like
the first
court. The first question you asked someone new is like, so where are you actually from?
Ever
kind of have a circle
list. Yeah. My circle of areas. Um Lots of crazy stuff happens in Portland. I'm kind of
um in both a good way. In a bad way.
I found
that first.
mean I'm still here, so
I have all my limbs.
Well service kind of like my main thing that I do for work. So I've been just like doing that like normal. Um I have a lot of roommates, so I've been spending more time with them.
But
luckily I know, luckily my job is right in this room.
I lived
in texas for four years and it would be like dry heat
was like, I feel like I was baking two deaths. Why just slow baking to death.
But like here in Oregon, everyone does their river floats and it's like the water still kind of cold when we do the river flow
because it
doesn't
at hot.
But like one is really hot outside of the river, we get to enjoy the coldness of the river, we'll still like floating above.
It's
Um I did english and political science with a minor in history.
I
just came to Portland and I was like, I have no idea what I want to do at this point still. So
no, I'm just like doing surveys and like, you know all this stuff available online, like the random ai training stuff. Sometimes it's like I learned a little bit about this thing, but mostly
it
has nothing to do with what I learned.
Have
you
been
one mechanical turk at all?
Well um they have a lot of tasks there that are like, can you
restate this in different ways or like talk about it to the microphone or like ask questions that are a, I can't answer to like train it to be better.
it's all for natural language processing.
Yeah. And the ai has to like learn what that's like in order
to imitate
it.
is terrible in my experience.
Well,
that's
Uh huh. Yeah, it's like you just like grab tasks and when it will be like, okay, you do this for like 10 minutes or five minutes or however long and then you go and do something else. Or sometimes they have a bunch of tasks that are the same way and you can do a lot of them sometimes.
um it was on site mechanical turk.
Um it's a reference to some historical thing that I cannot remember what
it is.
I
I'm
just
different
things.
Well,
it's traveling
so much right now.
Speak
not healthy at that boy.
Work.
Especially
graduating,
graduating into the job market at this point. That's that's got to be terrifying. I just know what what the fact that at all.
I know
it's just completely different and I get it's like
if you have a bunch of people in the dorm together
that's like a lot higher risk, like all that are more separate. But then it still sucks for like hedge.
Okay.
No.
Thank
you.
I
have you on part this weekend and it was a nightmare like
walnut. Yeah. So they had a line like outside because they were only lending a certain amount of people and at a time which is good. But then like in the line known with social distancing and some people were like crying and then the people I was next to uh so I was next um
two older women and a guy and the women were like uh this isn't real, it's not really a problem. It was just like, oh man, I have to Stand here and try not to argue with you guys
for 10 minutes while we're in line.
Or
even
like
it's
the
same as all other diseases. I mean it's just not like from what we've seen in places that have had hotspots, like new york, they don't have refrigerated trucks outside
their
hospitals
for the flu because they don't have enough space for the bodies. They just don't, it's different. You
cannot
you know about what we should do. But it's not just the same as all other diseases that we've had.
In
and the body tests are not that great from what I've heard.
I think the best way we have to actually measure it is by excess deaths because we know how many deaths just occur on a normal year. And like at various times we have that measure. So if we have like the normal variation in death and then we compare that um
to what's happening now. And I think that is how they end up measuring past standing next to. Yeah. So I've seen people talking about that and like in new york right now, that number is like it's twice as high as the official death. And
I don't know how to find these numbers on my own. It's like the way that they're publishes kind of complicated. But
like I've also seen in european country is kind of the same deal. Like they're the official numbers and then excess deaths are beyond that.
Well, I
think it's mainly like, would they have lived longer
otherwise because there are people who are going to die soon and the number, I've seen them from like epidemiologists are looking into it Say that on average it's um an 11 year cut in lifespan for people who die
Because there are there like 101 year olds. But then there are also people who are 50, you know?
28.
But
yeah. And we don't know why like people are trying to figure it out. Of course I follow a lot of epidemiologists on twitter. Mm
I like find that a good way to get information because they're just so open about what they don't know. They're just so much like I think this but I'm uncertain because of this and this or we really have no idea. And like so much more than like if you follow the regular news, people are going to pretend certainty. So that's
why I like the scientists who are just like yeah, so this is what we think. We know. This is what we don't know,
I
think that's just human nature on a certain level to like be certain about things because people want certainty in their lives.
It
What's
next?
Trying to get better at that. Like with just like if I say something like just saying afterwards, okay, I got this from here. I don't know if it's drill. It's just and I feel people are more open to information if you're honest about like how certain you are about it.
It is
people are
trying to feel good. I think that's why there are the people going around being like Covid isn't real, it's because it makes them like feel more safe and secure. Like these women I were talking to their probably like in their sixties,
you know, I really hope, you know, I wish they were doing more to distance themselves, but I also, you know, I hope that they continue to believe that for the entire time that this goes on because that will mean that nothing bad has happened to them or the people they care about.
I think that there is like there is an influence uh of mental health on physical health, so if you're
like feeling less stressed that's going to be better for your actual physical health.
That
To the
It's
people are.
Oh of course
not.
Sometimes you just have to withhold a little bit. You don't want to make other people more upset about the things out there for valid reasons upset
about.
Oh he did it
well.
I
accidentally
clicked out of the timer. Thanks. So
I think we close this somebody
just go, do we close this with the little say here? Yeah. I think we do close this and then we just to the survey.
I want to go to the beach.
It's
like
ever
and a half for me. I want to go.
He asked from a distance of 6,009,000
they
put threes
are open. I don't know.
Yeah. 600 miles.
No why not?
Yeah. Stay cool in Arizona.