And how's it going?
Now I
was just running a little bit behind. I actually just got out of the pool, so just kind of like rushing around to get to the video. Uh huh. Anyway.
Okay. That's interesting right now. I think, uh everyone's kind of struggling with this whole coronavirus and
everything.
How about you?
But
where are you at? Just like general
area?
Yeah, I understand. It's uh, it's kind of hard when there's very loose rules what's going on. I feel like that's how it is here too. In a way, like
people are supposed
to be wearing masks, but no one really is and then there's, you know, certain people that are, but like there's no consistency. So you're just kind of like, I don't know, just trying to figure it out.
good for some reason.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. You were like frozen for a minute so I just shut it down to see if it would work again. Mhm
Yeah, that's weird because it seems like it should be more like normal to be wearing masks going away, like I feel like a majority of people are wearing them here, but they're still, you know, feel that aren't so I don't know, I just kind of wish that people would follow the rules or have been following the rules just so that it
would get over with sooner, I guess people just like kind of like kick it out. But anyway,
it's actually been rising recently um because I'm in florida and there's like certain areas that have been spiking the last couple of weeks, so they've actually started implementing more rules again because the cases have been rising
but I don't know, yeah, it's pretty much in our area, it's been a little bit worse and like a couple of other cities in florida right now, so I don't know, I mean I think it's just because a lot of people were already exposed to it and now it's just kicking in since it's been some time, it's actually like affecting them, so hopefully it won't last too much longer, but it does seem like it's been worse, so. Uh
Hey.
That's
ridiculous.
Yeah. Mhm. That's just terrible that there are even charging people to get tested. My opinion. I mean if you want it to be prevented or for people to get better and stuff, then you need to offer the testing so that they can get treatment. I mean it's just crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
What?
Some weird times we're living in right now.
Thanks.
Um I mean pretty much
just anything outside, it's sunny and hot here almost all the time. So if you like to swim or go to the beach or began boats then it's a great place and so I'm pretty much go swimming a lot or just go to the beach and stuff. That's there's a lot of amusement parks and stuff here too though, like in Orlando there's Disney World and Universal Orlando stuff like that. So you like
amusement parks, It's a good place for that too, so.
Yeah, just if you like being outside, you like sunshine, that's what Lord is. Pretty much, you can go outside and then tell me you want or go to the beach and yeah, just hang out with you like surfing
so. Yeah.
It's hot, very hot, it's like 97° and Sunny,
which is fine. It's pretty hard though.
we get some weird weather like that sometimes, like just random rain here and there, but it usually doesn't last long, it would be like 10-15 minutes, it'll rain and then it goes back to being like completely sunny. So we had some weird stuff. But
I mean for the most part you can
guarantee
it's going to be a sunny day, so. But I think it's just
you
get weird weather patterns because you're so close to the ocean, that type of thing.
Yes. Yeah. Are you guys beaches
all shut down or? No?
Yeah. Our beaches shut down for three months um
and they're just opening back up again, but I don't know if they're going to have restrictions on it or not, since the cases have been rising, they may end up putting more restrictions on again. Um But yeah, they shut them down completely for a long time,
so and then there was like limitations on how many people could be out there to when they did reopen it, but lately it's just been kind of free rein. Uh huh. Yeah.
Hey.
you're right. I don't know. Okay. Oh
everything is good. I mean me, I've been spending a lot of time outside getting, trying to get tan
and then just working from home, stuff like that.
What about
you?
What's that?
I work on like blogging website and like through Pinterest and stuff like that, pretty much just online things, so and I started that right around when all this happened anyway, so it kind of worked out because I was already pretty much working from home. Mhm. So I haven't
had to worry too much about being out and about, which has been nice because it's been crazy anyway, wow.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Whether.
Please.
I know massage therapists
usually be pretty well and like it helps people, which is really cool.
Who?
Yeah, it's tired when you don't really like the people you work with, but if you like the job itself then it kind of works out I guess. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
Oh unfortunately I don't um I actually
really want to get a dog and a cat, but
I live in an apartment right now and I just don't really want to have like cats and dogs in the apartment just because it's kind of a small place and they charge a lot more if you do have pets and stuff. So it's like I'd rather just wait until I'm either renting a house or have a house and stuff. Just, it seems like it would be easier that way. But probably in the next couple of years I want to get a dog
and a cat. Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh.
from
Okay.
No.
There.
Right.
Oof.
mm. That's terrible.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, they're brothers and sisters, so you know, they fight. Okay.
Do you
have,
Do you have us? I do you have siblings?
mm.
All
And
there's,
there's a lot of people talking about doing like homeschooling full time now
because
of this going on, like next year, they don't really want to send their kids back to school or they felt like home schooling was easier in a way. So it's kind of interesting. I feel like there's gonna be a lot of people actually just doing that instead of sending their kids to school, so I don't know.
this
is,
Mhm.
I'm sure that the mask will help, but kids are gonna be close to each other. They're probably going to take them off and mess around and stuff. I mean, you can't control all of that, especially with the amount of kids that are usually in schools. So yeah.
What? Oh
No, I never went to college. I'm actually 24 and pretty much after I graduated, I just started working and I've been working ever since because I just didn't really feel like I wanted to do a specific thing that required a college education, so I just
didn't
do it and I want to waste the money on it. So, um,
but now I'm actually a certified nutrition coach and I just, I did that online, so. Mhm.
I really like it. It's just something I'm interested in. I like fitness and nutrition and stuff like that. So it worked out for me to kind of like take some time and figure out what I wanted to do. Yeah.
Right.
And
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, that couldn't be a good idea though. If you wanted to like
be a massage therapist, actually get your license that way. If you wanted to do your own thing, you could because you have your own license. So, I mean, it's an option for sure. But it is hard though. I mean there are certain people that just like know what they want and they go to school and that's what they do, but
then
other
people just don't know as much, so it's better for them to take their time and figure it out rather than just like going, spending too much money on school and having to be
Yeah.
crowd
Hi.
All
All
apartment blinds don't really hold up very well.
Yeah. I have always wondered that they're not like good quality. They don't really last for anything.
I don't
Um No, I mean not really. I really like baking and cooking, so I've
considered going to school for culinary. Um But the reason I didn't do that is because I know it's very like, I don't know, you have to give up a lot and kind of dedicate your life to it and I love it a lot, but I don't really want to like give up all my time with my family and my friends and stuff like that to work in a kitchen or something like that. You know, I think it's cool but that's it, it's not what I want to do because I care about my relationships too, so it's just kinda hard like feel you have to do one or the other in that situation.
Yeah. I actually have eight siblings. Yeah.
Yeah, I know, that's what everyone says when I tell them. Yeah,
I mean actually.
Really? Oh, that's funny.
Yeah, I'm actually the youngest
of all of them, so yeah,
My oldest sibling is 18 years older than me. Oh yeah.
she's 42.
Um There is pretty much like two years between all the rest of us. There is 14 year gap though, But like everybody else is two years apart.
Um my dad is 64
and my mom is 66. Mhm.
that's okay. But yeah, my mom was in her 40s when she had me. So.
Yeah.
It's pretty crazy though, I don't know how she did it with all of us but
I don't
want
I couldn't do it, I definitely don't want to have them. And again like no thank you, but she actually home school all of us to yeah.
all kind of do different things. My two of my brothers working like construction and like home remodeling stuff and then yeah, a couple
other ones, they don't know, have you ever heard of young living oils? No? Okay so it's like an oil company um like essential oils or whatever and they sell those, they like salespeople for that and I guess they do really well with it, I don't know. Um And then a couple other homework and finance, like banking, stuff like that so and then some of my sisters are just stay at home moms too so they all kind of do different things but yeah.
it is cool.
Do you want now?
sometimes but I think it was more often when we were younger um but now that we're all kind of older and stuff and have our own lives that we don't really fight that much, it's just kind of like we're all just doing our own thing and when we talk we're just kind of catching up on life. So um and that really close with a lot of my siblings so I don't really like have a chance to get an argument with them, I just kind of like talk home and catch up with some type of thing so but it's hard when you have so many siblings to really keep in touch with a lot of them at least like on a close basis. Yeah.
Well
Who?
She's the
So that
kind of makes
hey role.
I mean oh
yeah sounds like a phase that she's going through
I don't know.
Thank
you.
12.
I don't think that's gonna happen. Mm.
Yeah I understand. That's mine. Yes.
All
Yeah.
Sounds like she's a little bit repetitive
Oh I don't know. Mine's like seems off to it's kind of not loading very well for some reason I'm trying to figure out how long it's been too. Huh?
well yeah.
Trying
to
just remember when I logged on.
That
kind
I feel like it's been close to 25 minutes. Is that how long
is supposed to be? I feel like it's close to that but I don't remember because I know I was a little bit late but I was probably only a few minutes late. Right. Yeah.
Okay. So yeah I mean we would be pretty much over the time.
I don't care. It's up to you.
well we can stay on here a few more minutes just to make sure because I feel like we don't have
that. Yeah.
Yeah you are too. I'm silly.
Yeah.
Yes. Okay I'm fine.
I don't know what's my
connection or
if
it's just describing what? Yeah
Thank you little
bit
I don't know about it what's it for?
I haven't seen anything about it but I might it's been a while since I've had talked about,
I'm all about free stuff. Try and get free deals all the time to be honest,
of
course.
And
Oh
Thanks. I'll have to look at that maybe do it
Is
it
is it like a limited time thing or?
have to look it up? Right,
No, I don't have kids. I don't know if I want kids or not, but if I do it's probably gonna be a few years from now. Yeah.
Um I mean I feel like 20, something like that around that age I guess still kind of want to be in my 20s. Um But I also like I don't want it to be too soon because I just I really like
spending time with my husband right now. Um So it's just like, I don't know if I want to add kids into the mix just
yet because we've only been married for 2.5 years and that's a like a good amount of time, but I feel like I would just want more time with Justin I guess for a while so, but probably one more and more like settled down and stuff if we have a house and things it will be more likely we would have kids.
Um No, I actually met him at one of my jobs. Um
He was really good friends with someone that worked there with me and he came in one day and I kind of just connected with him right off the bat and they just hooked us up, like his friend
kind of said, hey why don't you guys like go on a date or something like that and see how it goes? So he asked me out like a couple of days later and like from there it was like history, like we, we knew pretty much that first date that we were gonna get married and you know, be together, we actually got married two months later after we met. Really?
Yeah, it was crazy. Like we felt like we probably look crazy to a lot of other people because it was such a short period of time, but I was always like super picky before I met him about guys and stuff, I just never out of them. They just didn't seem like
the right thing, but when I met him I'm like, yeah, this is the right thing and that's why he felt the same way too. So I was like, okay then why wait, like why wait for years to get married if we already know type of thing and it's been 2.5 years. So, I mean, it seems like it was the right thing to do.
Yeah, that's cool.
Um, at first they were kind of like shocked. Um, because I didn't really know him when I got engaged to him or married. Like they,
so they were really surprised because I think they wanted to be more involved in the process, but for me, I had to make that decision myself. Um, and now that they've gotten to know him and spend a lot more time with them, I mean they're totally for it. They love him and they're happy that we got married, but it took some time just because they didn't know him right off the
bat, But now that they do, they're
good with it. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
a good day.
Do you just accept it?