Yeah. Yeah. All right.
Like they're not gonna show up. I need to leave,
no.
So how is everything going with you, mm.
What
they have in the hospital?
It's kind of the same over here. I kind of
don't like it because they're not strict in my area. They're not implementing enough, you know, rules,
in the
valley. So it's I don't know. I don't like it because it's like every time, you know, you're trying to pick up groceries, it's like everybody's running around free range without any masks and it just gets me annoyed.
Well,
happy.
And then it got me so upset one time because uh my family um was supposed to go to the store to go get some stuff and when they went well, of course they kind of got looked at I guess. That's funny. I don't know why. Hello? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. Mhm. The doctor. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. To think about it. Can't Mhm. Okay. Just I
was like, oh no.
Yeah. So I don't know. As I was saying, uh my in laws were supposed to go get some stuff from the grocery store and they had some masks on but everybody just looked at them like they were weird for wearing masks. So yeah, it was like strange. I don't know why it's like this over here.
Two.
And how the band over there for you? Has it been rising, decreasing, staying the same?
Just stop.
Yes. What would here? They began to do like three testing sites. They used to not have that I guess because they wanted to profit off of it. I was trying to take a test, was it too
Uh 2, 3 months ago And they wanted $300 for one
test.
Exactly. And I was like, that's crazy. You know, like I'm having breathing troubles, I can't breathe for anything. And you guys want $300 for a test just to prove that I'm sick. And then after that, the hospital wants to charge me more bills on top of that for like treating me so I won't die. So that was kind of messed up. And of course I got over with a miracle and they're barely starting to set up free testing sites because especially over here, it's been rising so bad that there's like literally thousands in my little city over here that have it, so.
Yeah,
I'm barely gonna be able to get my free test because of course I'm struggling a little bit again. Um I signed up for a free test over here
and of course finally I got one, but before they were just trying to charge so much or they wanted you to have some type of expensive insurance for you to take it. I don't know, it was crazy.
Yeah. And what
fun stuff is there to do in florida
than expected?
man.
because I've always wondered length about floor and I like, I don't know like the stuff that has I guess.
Well
how's the weather up there today?
so
over here, I'm near the beach and it's fresh, but it's very bipolar over here. So I get confused with the weather One minute it'll be you know sonny but while they're sign out saying there will be like so much thunder and it's confusing and then one minute it just shifts into darkness and I started training so much. Yeah. Mhm
so
I'm
just
thank
you.
What's it called? It's been so long since I've been to the beach and set
what?
Mm No that's that's another thing that I didn't like very much. Um Everybody is free to go over there, splitter von opened again near us. Um Everybody has been running around like nothing's going on and my my own mother may be upset because she went with my brother and sister and she's like it's so packed over here is like spring break and I'm like that's not a good thing.
Theater
personally
for restrictions to start up again because
I don't know, it's just too many people coming over here, like if it's spring break and like I get it, everybody wants to have fun, Right? But this is a pandemic. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And what have you been up to lately, like make house? How's everything? Yeah,
traction. Right.
What
are you doing
from,
what do you do for work? Yeah.
great.
Yeah, what's it called? I'm a massage therapist but my place just got shut down because you know all of this, it's not really like uh fully open because the owners just want I guess stay safe and stuff. So um basically
out of work, so I do this as a side of money, you know? So yeah, what's it called? There's that, but it's been a while that I've been working there like two years. Uh huh.
Yeah. I kind of miss it. I mean people are usually nice there like
there's a little bit here and there like you have your random moments where you get customers that aren't exactly two nice. But other than that I like it. It's
good.
No.
Yeah it's pretty would be over here on days. Um We have a good uh system I guess where it's cheap for you to go ahead and get I guess you're pettis and all your massages and stuff. Um But when it comes to customers sometimes I guess they don't wanna
tip or anything. So like they try going ahead and getting out as fast as they can which I get it like they don't have money sometimes. But I guess it gets to me because other workers of mine, they're like always bickering in my ear, They make a big deal out of it and it's just like, you know sometimes people want to come but you know they don't have extra money for us which is okay, you know? So Okay. Yeah. I kind of don't know actually really like the workers but it's good money and I like it.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah
babies. Mm.
Do you have any pets?
No.
couple of years.
But
Oh that's cool over
here. I guess they don't really make a big deal. They say they charge a fee for pets which is like what, $10 each pet? Um
What's it called? Which I don't think it's too bad. I have three of them running around right now and they're all rescues, what's it called? I have one boy and
two girls. Yeah and
we got our first, what was it a year and a half ago um basically somebody was giving her away because her mother had passed away and there's like nobody to feed the baby, she was supposed to have a mother to be her and she had nobody. So the people that were raising her were bottle
feeding her and they didn't have time for her so they needed someone to take them off her hands. So I took her um It was very hard bottle feeding her because she had the tendency to
like take off the nipple off of the bottle so I would have to go get another for the bottle. Um After that she grew out of it and she's doing real good, she's running around. Um
My second always. My second over here she I got her a year ago I found her in some apartments. Um I was visiting some family and she had a bloody I uh I felt bad I didn't know what was happening to her so I wanted to take her. Apparently the story was she was
in some people's apartment for a while but they got tired of her and they only wanted her inside when they could play with her and just threw her out with no food whenever they didn't want her.
So I took her um also the same thing with my boy um what happened with him I got him fight them to her and it was on christmas day I found him wandering around and he was just there and I tried looking for where he came from and I tried seeing if anybody was missing a cat but apparently nobody was missing anything. So I took him home to a therefore. Oh and
they always
try to kill each other for some reason. Right?
Yeah. And they won't listen to me at all. So that's another thing.
And
what? Mhm.
Uh Yeah, I'm the oldest. I have my brother, he is eight and then I have my sister, she's six. Um I'm 19. Uh
Yeah, I have, what's it called? I don't know. It's a weird time for them because like school got canceled really early for them. So like they've gotten used to that beans full, but it's like they have to expect to go
back again. But uh I don't know like they think this is like a whole I don't know the way of life I guess. Like they're not going to go to school, but yeah,
I don't
know like
they want
to do.
Yeah, I asked my mom what she's doing, but she
doesn't
really know either. She uh I guess like she's never had this happen before, so it's it's weird. Um but I know that they are planning on opening again your schools and it's a little bit frustrating. Um
they're wanting to basically send everybody to school wearing masks, but you know, wearing masks isn't enough because like kids share food, not only that, but like, you know, there's just so many things, right? This is like,
And
you gone to college?
I
mean
what?
that's actually cool. Mhm.
I'm confused as well. I then go to college for the same reason. It's like there's a lot of things I could do, but I don't really know a specific thing that, you know, that's just like appealing or whatever. I don't know. Like that always confused me too. I know my boyfriend had it figured out since the dawn of time. He's always wanted to be a freaking night, but like he's super smart, I can't do that. I'm so bad at Math, I'm bad at science, so it's like we had it all figured out and he got it settled already. So it's like I am always confused on that topic. I've always thought about maybe actually getting my license as a massage therapist because over here they just train you. So it's like to train with them, you stay with them. Um But
I haven't gotten my license, so I'm like I thought about getting my license this way. I could actually maybe branch out to some other kind of job. Um I've also thought about maybe
what's it called? I don't know, I can't think of things but I know I've thought about other stuff. Um But yeah, this is, it isn't working out for me. Also doing a lot of liquid surveys, gets also a lot of things done. Um we on here I make what is it 20 sometimes 30 on a good week, which is just extra money of course on the side. Mhm. Um
But yeah. Yeah.
Thank you.
Is
it
texas?
Square Hey stomach? No. Yeah.
The bad thing about having cats in the apartment is they like to destroy everything? What? Yeah.
Oh my God, she's so bad.
She's already destroyed
all the blinds in my apartment. Will not off. There's still one that's
going strong but I know for sure I have to replace the risk when I'm going away. Okay.
I don't know where he put them here.
Uh huh. It's just like putting paper over the windows. I don't, I never got it.
Okay. Mhm. Okay. Has there been any other work who thought about doing?
Hey?
Yeah. Do you have any something? The act sibling?
Ooh, that's a lot.
My
God, I've never met anybody with that much.
No.
What?
john
I can't do the mouth, but I'm guessing there for some, or 30. So
right there you cut and the others.
proud. And how old are your parent?
what?
I'm trying to do the math on Wendy had kids, but I can't do it.
Well that's cool me.
Mhm.
No, that's crazy. I can't imagine having eight Children. That's, wow. But
that's
people.
What do your other siblings do for work? Yeah.
No.
That's pretty cool. I
don't know how, how I would do it with siblings, do you like like getting bigger sometimes?
Do you get in bigger sometimes like I guess arguments with them?
I don't know. I tried visiting mine um I live
about an hour away from them. Um It's and it's also a little bit hard to talk to my brother. He has autism so sometimes I can't understand him, he has a hard time speaking, but more or less I understand him. He's gotten a lot better with his speaking. Um My sister, she's she's a whole different type of thing because like that little one always wants to fight with me and she's just fix but she'll find any little thing to pick at you because she wants you to know, you know, like she could be,
I don't know, I guess the the dominant world, I don't know
and yeah, she's the youngest,
so
I don't know. Yeah, I don't know if it's just the fact that she's the youngest or she just,
I don't know, but she will always find a way to get on someone's bad side. She she often tells my mom that she's the queen, she's the princess and that she's gonna get what she wants.
No.
It's real bad. And with me, she likes to be mean because I left the house at an early age. Um I didn't want to live with my parents no more. Uh I left the exact day I turned 18 and I moved in with my boyfriend and I guess she kind of resents me for that, because
now she always tells me she's like, I'm gonna steal your boyfriend when I'm older, so you can come back
home,
and I'm like
uh no, no, thank you,
no, thank you. But she always gets me with that comment, I always get a little bit angry.
I'm gonna say your boyfriend and he's gonna
be nine and I'm gonna live happy and you're going to stay at home and mom and brother, and I'm like, okay,
that that sounds like a good plan. What?
No, she's she's crazy, is what she is. Let me see on here. Do you have a timer? Because my timer is a little bit off since I've been waiting here.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. Uh Come on. I'm
I'm very easy about
the time. Good
here.
Yeah. I should have kept tracked on
my phone. I knew. I should have never never trust technology.
I don't know. I don't know how much longer you want to stay on here.
25.
Yeah. It was like maybe they need 67
Yeah. Let me see you. Yeah. All right. So, what do you want to do?
I don't know. I'm scared that I have not done the time. I don't know because my timers off, so I don't know.
Well.
Mhm. Yeah. Hello? You're freezing. Hello?
Oh, okay. It's back. It's back to normal. Um
Yeah, Let's stay on here like five more minutes. Just to be true.
I don't hear. Uh There you go. You're lagging. Sorry. Sorry.
I
don't
know.
I guess. I don't know.
That's
your father. Are you planning on getting the deal? I don't know if the deal's over there for you guys, but it's a free taco bell.
Yeah. Um It's for like, I guess a meal box and you get it for free if you download the app and put it on the ordering.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't had it in years and plus it's free food. So I found a bug. Get it.
Yeah. What's
up?
All of them? I don't know. I thought it was fake at first because I saw it on Tiktok and I looked it up
in a lot of news outlets, I guess. Um,
went ahead and posted about it. And it was confusing efforts because some people were like, oh, you just go through the drive through, they give it to you. But no, it came out that you're supposed to uh get the app and when you get the app, you're supposed to put that meal box, it's called, what's it called right here, wow, it's called a chiluba focus. So you get that and you put it on the app and you go pick it up and it's friends,
which I thought it was crazy. I didn't think it was real black, apparently it's a thing. So
I told
my parents
yes, for today apparently. Uh huh
Do you have any kids?
How old do you think you were going to have kids?
Get the hell.
prevention.
No you guys high school sweetheart unit like differently.
Yeah.
here,
wow. That's a full
Both,
My God. That's crazy.
That's whole. And how did your parents feel about it?
Thank you.
Holding.
All
right. What
it looks like we fill their time. So nice meeting you um,
have a picnic. I don't know how to stop.
Mhm. I don't know. I hope so. All right. Well, nice living.