Yeah. Chicken. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay can you hear me?
Okay that's good. Bye. Uh huh. Mhm. How's it going?
I'm from uh yeah like boston massachusetts. How about you?
Oh cool. I've got sometimes who lived there? I've been there before to mostly san Francisco in san Diego. Yeah.
Yeah I am currently studying astronomy and physics and stuff. What about you?
Uh I go to U. Mass Amherst. Why don't you?
Oh that's cool. Uh Like U. C. Berkeley that's actually one of the colleges I was looking at that I wanted to go because I've got a great um astrophysics program.
That's
Well uh what? You're human?
Oh cool. I'm going to be a sophomore but it took a gap year so I'm like the same age. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay.
Um I don't know I've this is like my third conversation I've had on here usually just talk about like current events hobbies and stuff like that. Do you do anything for fun?
That's cool. Where have you been?
and super cool. Okay.
Um Well I've not traveled much but I would love if I could travel more. I've been all up and down the east coast California and I did a like a stay away camp in Canada to learn french. Um But I'd love to go to like, you know japan or something like that would be cool. Also like europe and Jamaica. Um Mostly I'm into like art and writing and video games.
Okay. I like I played like some of the more mainstream stuff like Overwatch and like Fire Grand fallout. Um I also like like mom terrarium and Minecraft. Um Don't starve, I liked it by daylight a lot. That's fun. All right. Do you play any? But again, Yeah.
Uh That's fair. And they kind of I don't really play them during the school year because I have.
Mhm. I have a couple
of friends
who are,
oh it's um It's a huge school, it's like 30,000 people and we've got like it's like a university so there's a bunch of like the colleges and it's like there's I'm in the College of Natural Sciences, we've got like a business college and we've got um yeah like once for different areas. It's really fun though because there's like Something for everyone there, we've got like 600 different clubs to join and stuff like that. And you know this interest The one thing we're like best out in the country is uh we have the number one dining but uh.
Now uh Well according to.
I know we just. Yeah you see that's good, good I think on it like on niche it's U. C. L. A. Uh Oh they're they're the best dining, this is the best dining halls. The prince to interview or whatever has a mass as it but we get like well they feel like a lot of like on Halloween we all got full lobsters. The yeah
it's
like
mhm. It's I think they go a little overboard honestly. Yeah.
Mhm. It's also nice because it's like more than a like the college town is pretty big but it's not in a very big city like boston anything. Um That's Mayer out and I think U. C. Berkeley is more like that too right or is it in
a bigger city?
that's nice and I wish I was closer to boston for sure. But yes it's nice to not be like the within city but.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah it's definitely a I have a couple of friends who like who went there. Very nice school. What do you think you're going to do with your major?
That's cool. The last person I met on here was like a finance and accounting. Um Okay he was like I had like a kid. Mhm.
But
Oh wow, that's
pretty good
school.
I met some dude from florida who is uh a cashier, he told me that how he got Covid already and I like I got like complications from it and then let the dude I met was the finance and accounting guy who uh you know talked about his kid and stuff. But uh it's kind of weird, I've I've never had any um girls on here, just guys uh
Yeah weird. Yeah it's Brandon with age too because uh
yeah I well they're studying like the dynamics of conversation and stuff, so I think maybe
they just
want to see like I asked how to random people and. Yeah and how they have this like since they have this rate how we feel before and after. Maybe they want to see like have a conversation. Um Big interaction maybe helps people or something. Especially in a time where we're all super isolated. Mhm. Mhm.
Hands that's pretty cool. There's a lot of interesting studies on here.
Yeah. Oh. Um I would love to like go work for Nasa and do research and stuff become an astronaut but that's like
not very likely. Um Champions.
Arab.
I mean it's pretty much the the coolest thing you can do I guess is going is research and stuff like that. Um You know there's also like SpaceX but I've heard that they don't really treat their employees as well. Um
And a
lot
of.
there's.
Yeah that's true, I've got a long way to go before I get hired because I'm only a sophomore and I've got to get my PhD and stuff, but I heard a lot of stratocaster astrophysics majors and stuff uh get into finance as well. It is yeah, because there's a lot of like predicting trends and stuff um in the market, apparently that's because you know very very very high when you get like a PhD in astrophysics, you got a hot math background, you're very good at like patterns and
like
yeah and like data science and stuff like that, so but
Mhm. My dad's a data scientist, so. Mhm. Uh huh.
Yeah, uh he's more like biology and stuff though, but I do some work for him on the side to make money and I do this to make money on, say.
you do any like work outside of school?
Mm That's cool because
my name
I say my name is morgan but
Yeah I can see that like it's it's hard to manage already even during the summer and sometimes it takes like summer classes. I took them like this summer just to get more like I get ahead, I graduate a little earlier. Um mm But it's like this it seems like are you is your school online? I'm guessing, I mean
Yeah I suppose online too and we're probably gonna have asynchronous classes so like we'll watch poor credit lectures and then just do the work whenever, which means that I can just get like most of it done really early in the semester. Uh So I I really hope that that's what they do, I don't want to have to attend zoom lectures.
Yeah. Oh yeah, I do because I live like an hour and a half away. Uh
Oh no, I so I live an hour and a half away. So that would be a three hour commute every day, which I've done before for when I was I used to take community college classes during high school, like dual enrollment and I would like uh do you make that commute? And it was a nightmare. So I live in on the dorms. No problem.
But yeah, are you taking a lot of classes a semester doing like a lighter load because it's on the line?
Yeah, I can see that. What classes are you taking?
That's
Yeah, that's cool. It's right. I
don't
foods. Uh huh. Well I love like seafood a lot. Anything to do with fish, I just totally love so and I like um I make like sushi at home sometimes because I've got like some that
oh um my mom is immigrated here from Jamaica. Uh yeah everyone uh whenever I talk about that and one of these everyone's like surprised because I look very white, but uh my dad is just like his family has been here since like the civil war, so they are very very american.
Yeah, I was like half black, half way. Mhm. Mhm.
it was like a fish markets and stuff about your favorite food.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah when I was in san Francisco I was like the food there is so good. I went to, we wouldn't have much restaurants, I stayed in Japantown uh and went to a couple of like grocery stores and stuff and I just had like all these amazing like snacks and fruits and stuff. But the food is really good.
Yeah, it was a very expensive vacation. Mhm.
So
yeah. Uh News is pretty divisive topic. Um Yeah. Uh huh. I don't really know, I haven't heard much and that obviously there's the pandemic going around which is pretty, so it's been around for five months. It's kind of weird to like be going through history as it happens and I don't like it very fast. Yeah.
Yeah. It kind of sucks to be going to college at this point because everyone talks about how colleges like, oh yeah, it's the best years of your life and you got to stay home for you know, over a year maybe. All right. And I was like um because I know Harvard and MIT and stuff are going to be closed down pretty much the whole year and my school is probably going to follow suit
to me.
Um
Oh no. Um so I'm in between like, like boston and you Matthew masses more like west massachusetts. Um and then you know, MIT and Harvard in boston sits on the coast. Um but I'm like halfway in between both, so it's like an hour and a half to you mess and it's like an hour to boston. But yeah, they
Yeah. I don't even pretty much from the very, from like boston to the very end of the state, probably only take leg three hours so
probably
left.
Oh yeah, I can imagine. I used to think that California was like the same, so I was talking to France and California is like, you can just drive to san Francisco right? And they were like, it's like seven hours away from me. It's just weird to have a, I know the difference between us and it's definitely like, again a massachusetts, it doesn't really have very many like very many groups of people I guess because it's so small. Uh whereas I've heard from my friend in California that you can like different parts of California very differently politically and um you know in terms of like how well officer in parts are and stuff
like that. Uh huh.
Yeah, I've heard of
it.
yeah
dang that's crazy. Well it's yeah like like
here.
wow. I mean I kind of get out of it because here is like super Catholics, there's a bunch of those like really uh like richer private catholic schools and then you get the uh advertise school which uh we have some pretty good schools like the high schools around me are all pretty terrible. The one I went to was uh was it was like a very small school. It was really nice, it's like the second in massachusetts. Um But my friends with like the schools around me and like uh huh there will be like fistfights breaking out at that school like every day kind of crazy stuff like that. So I guess we got like boston and pretty really rich in that area. But out of that it's pretty much all the same in the rest of the state. Like you get some more rural areas but nothing like the south and it's mostly like suburban and forest and stuff.
Uh And to Amsa, it's like an academic sense for the advanced math and science academy.
Yeah it was it's pretty math and science focused. I took like five different, I took like earth science physics, chemistry, computer science and biology in like eighth grade. It was intense.
What?
you guys
live.
Yeah and the other
thing is,
Mhm. That makes sense because a lot of kids from my school will go to like humus and stuff. There are a couple kids who went to U. C. Berkeley. Uh I don't know I'm pretty sure it's too big for you to know any of them but would be cool. Uh. Mhm.
Yeah so like I know like a bunch of people who go there but it's like it's like a sea of people so I okay I doubt that you recognize any of them but yeah I can relate to that. Um Yeah most of the kids from my school end up like staying in stages because it's easier and got some pretty good schools but a lot who don't like go to U. C. L. A. U. C. Berkeley um Those the U. C. Schools. I see a lot of kids from you want to but my school is also tiny. Like my graduating class is about 100 kids.
Yeah. Yeah my school was like it's really really small. Yeah.
Yeah it's a terrorist school.
the us. Mhm.
I can totally relate to that. Like we had to sit three to a bus seat to like because we have to every year we had to prove that we needed like five buses instead of four buses for our school. So we had to like pack in and they were like count us to make sure and send over the numbers so we could just barely get another bus and we were like so underfunded. We didn't even have a
gym or anything.
you didn't
have buses,
jeez. That's insane school. It's weird how like colleges are so like I have so much money at their disposal, but high schools are like, the island has gone America is terrible and they don't have
like any money for anything. And teachers got to buy their own stuff. Mhm. It's nice. I think it's been 25 minutes. Well, it's just like, should be time at least.
Yeah. Well we can talk for a few more minutes just to make sure I like to do the same. Uh Well usually I just like well look up and really? But yeah, I didn't want to keep you, but that seems very fair. Uh Do you have any hobbies other than travel?
Oh, that's cool. Both my answer photographers. What do you like to both my aunts are photographers.
What do you like to ah take photos of?
Absolutely.
Yeah. That sounds awesome. Uh That's really cool. I love going to big cities but always like I'm not, I haven't really tried photography but I've only got my phone camera so like if I get I do a lot of art, if I get inspired by something, I want to take a picture of it. Well the pictures come out really shitty because I'm just
using like my iphone. But no, I'm jealous. That sounds cool. Especially if you go to like a bunch of different countries and uh Yeah, see a lot. But yeah, do you like just do it for fun or do you have like ever take photos for like money and stuff?
That's nice. I do like art sometimes as a job but also like I feel like these kind of hobbies, if you do them for money, they get less fun because you're
always stressed
about.
Oh that's a cool like
that.
That's nice though. It's cool. I've got uh I do like uh yeah black and white. I like, I feel you I mostly do like color stuff because I do a lot of digital art, but I think that my favorite stuff is more the the sketches and the, I know it has a a really cool like aesthetic to, I'm not sure if you can, I'll see this, but
no, it's it's medi bang paint I think.
And
it appropriates
fun but
it's
hard.
I agree. I like I prefer Meadowbank to procreate because it's easier to use, but because like procreate is just like such a learning curve. It's super hard.
Um It's M. E. D. I. B. A. N. G. Medi bang, you should check it out.
Um bang B. A. And G. Yeah. Mhm.
It's like
it's free. Yeah there's
like some ads but you can pay like a one time for you to get rid of the ads but you can use it with ads. Uh It's nice because like it's more like Photoshop and the way that there is more like you can select and like move uh things and like do filters and stuff that that's hard to do and procreate. And you can also like select and then fill. Like procreate is annoys me because you can't just like select areas and then paint tool fill it. But
Yeah you drag it. It's like uh Yeah, but there's no magic wand tool appropriate. It's more for painting. But I do like it.
Oh yeah. I have adobe fresco. I love it. Actually. I do like uh it's have you if you've never tried if you've never tried it like
before?
Oh it is so much fun. I do like watercolor and stuff in there and it's just like real watercolor. I did want to like I didn't want my dad's birthday, did him and my mom and uh it's really fun but I would totally advise playing with it, especially the live brushes because they're like the watercolor will like bleed into the like into the other tools you use in real time. It's so cool. Mhm.
Um I have the newest one I think but it came out like last year or something so and I think the new one is going to come in a couple months. This one will be the older one soon but for now it's the newest. Mhm.
It's
Yeah.
Yeah it's like an expensive at a time. But like but no, it's
it's
different. Yeah, definitely worth it. Especially because I can like have a keyboard for it so I can switch between like just taking notes and then um like sketching down equations or stuff like that, or like writing the notes to myself, which is really helpful.
No, I have a like a case that's like a 3rd party um case that just like uh it's magnetic, so the keyboards blue too and it just connects like the magnetic part of the case. Yeah.
What?
that's true.
yeah,
that
makes sense. Yeah. Mine is like what it does is it will sit like angled.
I can see how that work. I love it for like for school because I don't have to carry around my laptop and I'm just taking notes well. Mhm.
Oh yeah. That's crazy. Thank you for getting, it's like 2:30 there. But yeah. So
yeah. Next thing you too. Good luck with your major