I can't really hear you. Okay. I'm gonna hear you now.
Mm hmm. Where you're from?
California.
you a college student or
no, I'm in business. Where do you go?
and there are currently.
Yeah. I don't
want grouping into like stuff like that. I'm not super big into stuff like that. So I'm not really sure.
I'm in junior. I don't like going to be a junior.
do you have anything you want to talk about? Some specific or an arrow?
I think trust them.
I didn't to, I've been to china japan Australia and you walk and oh my gosh, because I should have done and she like a lot of states. I think the boss. Yeah, boston toward Hawaii ask right, we're again Washington and Nevada. Like what Chicago this fall, no taxes.
What do you like?
Mhm. What games do you play?
I like maybe play some games very much phone I'm asked about. Probably like PC Yeah
and there's like no time. Oh,
what's
up?
What's it like a new mass numbers?
that A B. C. Already? You see late.
Well I think as long as he was like the food it's fine. Right? Like break please. It isn't the best but like I can? T you see all these dining hall befriend secular holiness.
we
do
not have anything like that.
That's me too. And shoot
Fund
it sounds like Oakland so it's creepy but not like you really like, I don't know what it's like really close to the bear, you know like it's in the bear. Yes. Like you just need to like over the bridge to be like san Francisco and stuff like that so it's not
they are all the time.
Mm Am I going to finance or consulting with something like that? Mhm.
Well the last person I met,
it was just like me and I'm shoes like, oh she was a writer. Then I also met somebody from Duke
and then
I
will send them in Oregon state professor. That's interesting where you met.
Really? For me it's like I met all three of them were like maybe all the foreign that cheese. So I get just random.
I'm like, why do you think this to talk like, what do they get from this native
100
patients?
this is
what, what do you plan on doing with your beach
wrong?
Everyone
always talks on working. And so is there going to astronomy?
thank
you. First
have
to get hired. You have to get
hired because you can be thinking.
printing
is,
it's like predictive analytics analytics. He did a nice kind of
room.
That's cool. Mhm.
Um Yeah I like turn out of company but we turned our morgan stone previously like this finance company
and
I'm like I was what were you gonna say?
and then I don't like other finance and consulting and ships to just like bullet finance. Really decided. Doctor Well I like you still want to get started. That was fun. Did I like high school and I do not for a couple of first year in college too. But then I I don't work as much anymore because like it's pretty busy. My dad has as much.
it is.
Yeah wow. Release think us. It's like kind of like it's like like it was kind of like the U. C. System before. Like massachusetts right? Yeah. So like what you pay in state tuition
right? Do you like if you live close to the school to you like room at home or like, like normally at least or do you room in the door?
Morning room.
We must take care like into a mountain classes if I'm doing stand up board. But I'm like, that's not happening anymore. So maybe next year like we'll see.
The largest lake with Salting link Data science. I like business classes. So it was
like managed because like I'm going to focus on like financing consultant, something like more management. These ones, it's just very happy people around. Pretty much.
They
are. Sure foods do you like?
Where is your family? So,
So they're like white light.
wow. You like safe. Well you grew up in boston so there's like must be so much good seafood here. Mm hmm.
I like everything actually because like I'm huge city.
It's like everybody growing up, it was like I'm in the beta. He's like I grew up here and like it was like a ton of different cultures. So like there's like always different kinds of fruity and it's just like very hungry. Very, I'm just like different like your flavors.
But it's expensive.
Let's see.
Do you have any other news you wanted to talk to them?
I don't think anyone likes.
Mm Yes. Harvard like mighty are pretty very close by
two. Mhm.
To like new mask.
I'm not a woman. I like, I think people from like the whiskey, I think in the east coast States are really small. So like I just think like you can just drive across the whole state and like now that's what I think.
You've been
just like
half the time it takes like like the san Francisco like L. A.
that's
the vote. The beard is like really rich and for that it's just like agricultural like martin like the central home and then like there is just like like compared like just like statistically speaking to like farmland and then like you know all the high tech companies and stuff like the income month that is sitting pretty and big. And then even in like the silicones out like these areas where it's like or versus like rich like you know what Apollo out
progress
and produce. Yeah
one side of the city is like super poor on the other side is like really like rich and like it's just a highway in between like the ones I was like Got to protect medium incomes like three times the others.
And it's
like two separate twice. There's a high school that serves all inside the high school. This is the other side.
Which high school did you go to?
Uh I'm so sad to see.
Well
he seems to have when she was like very fancy. Just think a basic thing the same and okay, I like it's about that let's say no no what average is like you it's the beer is gonna be here just I guess because they're like That's got something 50 kids to break the every year. That's
like
we live like really close but not close close. But like while the researchers are lines calling really smart too. So I'm here.
They like
to feel like the area schools go to new cities.
I don't even going up high school. You have classes with a lot of people like in college, like you just never see some people like doing and who they are. Like, you know, even the people in my class. In fact, most of the people,
What's that? I'm smiling. My smell looks funny. You're not a huge school. Thanks so much for 100,000.
It's like a charter school, right?
I'm guessing all the tops always seem to be some like I'm a private charter school. Look at education is not great. Yeah.
I was in, my district is like super underfunded. Mhm.
I
love we don't
have
I used to have one but that my budget cuts and no, we don't live here anymore.
absolutely.
I don't know. I mean really constitute 30 just to make sure. But like. Really? Yeah.
From that photography.
Oh, that's college. Cool.
Why are there Hi Alex home is anything like I don't like about issues friends. I think big deals for them. And then I also what else? Yeah, because I go traveling. So like, like a huge like what photography use? Right, okay. I'm sorry to think I just visiting like sitting because I've been near san Francisco and I can just feel like my interest in things like all right, because like I'm just spontaneously like sometimes I'll just like I'll like wake up one morning and again waiting for san Francisco and I like grab my roommate and then we just go when
we just see what happens.
All
Um That's maybe like a couple of friends with money for january. I just do it for fun.
Well,
I think
I think it depends. Like I think you couldn't do something and then you get paid for it and still enjoy just because you're getting papers and like no need to like like if you have like because like I like I used to do article like what easy. I just but I did like doing my black and white like sketching like in any medium. Like I really story drawing but I'm like I never like he like I never thought it for anything. Like I just can't. That's a sketch here. A little city about him.
16.
What? This is like. Mhm. You think 2" by 4".
That's cool. Is that create?
I feel like I had probe.
I use sometimes were appropriate but I'm just like lazy to use it with
us. You
two
work
make up the same way too easy like Youtubers like they're just like they're just trying then you're done and I'm just trying to figure out how they got trees, You pain.
Mhm. What's the name? My hair. Huh.
N E. G. I. What's that? You ca
No, I'm good.
Is it like Britain?
No.
Thank you, drag it.
What about like Adobe Fresco? Like the new one
I
like having because like as a whole subscription because I bought it like photography, but like I'm just not being used fresco.
Geographic ipad. What's the type? Do you have the new one or the old room?
Uh huh. What do you think of the pencil? Because like, I don't usually stuff end up taking nowadays
like I think yeah,
I think it's nice. It's like expensive.
I think it's
weird.
Did you buy the floating keyboard?
Thank you. I am very magic cure
and this big heavy, he speculated the same boy as I was like, it's like built that way because if it's like when you put it on your lap like the whole thing will just fall off ipad is heavier than the thing. So I have well you just think of balance like
you know, like, like that is like literally just balancing but it's like really
cool. It
was expensive
at the angle. Yeah. Yeah.
Well we talk past 2 3.
It was sure