what happened from the year? Mhm. Not really. Yeah. Right. The same thing yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Morning. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. What the fuck? Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Company the white man on the ground? Yes. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Oh mm hmm. Yeah but yeah. Oh yeah yeah. Uh huh. Yeah yeah mm. But oh oh yeah yeah. Mhm. No. Yeah yeah yeah.
Hi
I'm Kenneth that. How are you?
I'm gonna be showed
up.
What? Yeah.
I right now
I'm
good I wondered it's nice to meeting on Madre. Okay nice to meet you now.
I live in Atlanta
Oh I love
texas.
It's yeah it just turned eight o'clock so I was already up I get up early anyway so. Mhm
how many kids do you have?
I'm
wow that's wonderful.
I don't not yet um my husband and I we we've been trying a little bit, we've been trying but nothing yet. So uh we're looking into IVF
and things like that. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah.
You know, I don't, I don't want him giving it a try, you know, we both really want kids, so we'll give it a try if it happens, it happens. Uh, we're also looking at adoption, adopting um special needs Children, something like that.
Yeah, I think so too.
I was home school, so yeah, and I turned out okay, so you're you're doing, you're you're making
a good choice.
I'm glad homeschooling is great. Public schools a little crazy. So I was glad that I didn't have to go through that. So I'm sure your kids will feel the same way when they're older.
Absolutely.
Right. I kind of feel like schools are too quick to jump and say that a kid needs medication, especially when a kid
is just being a kid and it's like, oh, you're just bothering me, you're just not being a good student, blah blah blah, you need medicine. I don't, I don't like that. I don't,
no.
Well,
Well, if the kids being quiet, the kids doing his work, then I don't see, I don't see any reason why a kid would need to be on medication, especially young, you know?
that's ridiculous. You did the right thing, pulling him out of school then, like you did the absolutely right thing.
you know, that's why teddy.
But
yeah. Uh, you totally did the right thing. I'm all about home schooling for a lot of the same reasons because, you know, schools don't really give focus to kids with dyslexia. They don't get that kind of focus. So it's unfortunate. Um I was I'm dyslexic. Me and my older brother both both dyslexic so we struggled in
school.
And then after he dropped out of high school without his cd, my mom home schooled me and
she kind of the same thing. She was like, okay, we're going to start from here and see how you do. And I started doing better and I ended up you know, honors. Um I did go back to high school for my last year. I was on the honor roll all four semesters.
I did Jared he's saying it did everything because it was like it just clicked for me after my mom spent that extra time. So yeah.
Yeah, it absolutely
does.
Mm.
Yeah. Kids are very mean. They're ruthless. They were pretty
horrible
All
you know I
can well
you can
come,
No not true don't worry. But I like I like to listen to people, I like to talk to people so yeah
Um I did before the pandemic I worked at a Vape shop um and I was a partner there. Um but I don't have an immune system at all. So uh during the pandemic I had to quit work and I have to like stay home but my husband's a stonemason and he's also in school for computer science so we're okay without me working for now but I definitely have to go back to work as soon as this pandemic is over, as soon as it's over after work
I mean
No.
And
the
Yeah it's they have a bunch of stuff that like makes work safer
for
Yeah, that's that's kind of what my husband does too. He'll call me ask what we need when he's on his way home, pick it up. I have to give him the most detailed lists ever.
Yeah. I don't like
the online ordering. They just don't get it right.
They don't know what I like, they don't know my household. I don't like it.
choice. Smart choice.
Seven
Do
you
think?
Yeah. Yeah. I've got to tell mine too like specifically and he's bad about substituting things like if they don't have a specific thing that I asked for, he won't even try to find an alternative.
Now I'm going to change everything. What am I supposed to do? Yeah.
Yes, it is. Yes, babies
great.
Unless she's getting better, at least she's getting better.
Mind you,
you know, they get out there early with the construction work. They really do.
Great.
Yeah. I feel the same way, especially since this started, I realized just how much I cook like, you know, even
for like snacks or something, there's some sort of cooking involved every time. Yeah.
Great.
Yeah, I mean,
You want?
Yes, it joins us.
Ever.
Yeah, it does help a lot, especially with like grocery expenses of like uh clipping coupons is also something that is really helpful whenever the work season slows down. So I do all that too.
No.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, that stimulus was like wonderful.
I I used to love swing sets like that when I was a kid.
I ain't
or stuff like that. So yeah, that was a great choice. Yeah.
You know, I wouldn't risk it either. I don't blame them. Yeah.
Yeah, but you don't know who's wearing masks who can wear masks with watching your hands?
All right, I totally understand.
I totally get it.
Think.
I mean it's a pandemic
and
you have
from the lucian.
well
you're
not confrontational.
Well,
okay, I'm in a couple of your facebook, Yeah, I'm in
that's for like uh the people who do this kind of stuff and then um I'm on Reddit. Uh huh.
Yeah, I do hear it. It won a lot
liver treatment. Okay. Okay.
Well
Well
it was
it was wonderful to get to know you. It was wonderful to talk to you. You have a great rest of your day with your kids.