Hello
how are you? I'm
glad you showed up. Yeah
I
have to
get up early before the kids wake up so I can do this so um we have to chat for 25 minutes. Uh I'm going to just set my timer so that way Yeah.
Yeah goodbye. Make sure we get enough time. But anyway uh how are
you?
um where are you from?
15? I'm in texas
so
uh is it early there where you are? I'm
It's seven here so I just I just got up but
I have three. Um My youngest
wellness for then I have my middle son is 10 and my daughter's 11. So
yeah. Do you have any kids?
compensation.
I see. Um I have some friends that did that and stuff so
don't be good.
That's nice. We home school so yeah
I
get so nervous about it because it's like what if I'm not doing enough you know or what if it's not, you know, you always help out. Uh This is our third year though, so I'm glad I just wish I would have done it sooner and not have been so, you know, afraid or whatever. But it's gone good.
Yeah. When they last went, my was in fourth grade and my no third grade and my son was in second grade. And um, he just was like, they would make me come and pick him up because they said they couldn't deal with him and all that stuff and that he needed to be medicated. But then our doctor didn't think he did and we didn't have any of those problems at home. So that was one of the biggest reasons why I, you know, just just go with it, You know? So,
and we've been fine. So it hadn't been hi.
hmm.
It's
really smart. So it's like, yeah, you know, it's not that he wasn't doing his work or anything. He was just, I don't know, he's real fidgety too. So I guess she doesn't want that either. And you know, but he's
always been that way. He has what hell fidget or whatever. But I just ignore and let them do is work. You know, It's not that he's quiet, he's not really bothering anybody, But, you know. Yeah.
And he was what? Seven at the time. So yeah.
And then my daughter, she has dyslexia and she was barely passing like a lot of her classes, you know, And she had, uh, you know, she wants a dyslexia teacher. Um, sometimes What is that? Okay. Yeah,
cute. And uh uh huh. And she she could barely read or anything like that. And it's just, um, she just needs more time, I think, you know, to figure stuff out and after we got our home um Like I realized she was struggling with just basic math and she was like in fourth grade. So i it's like well we're just gonna stop but I'm going to take it all the way back to just regular addition and subtraction, you know, and just get that down and then we'll move on, you know? So that's what I did. Like I spent the first half of the year just read, you know um going over everything that you know they were behind on and now she reads like a book a week. Yeah, so that really helped her and then starting over with some math, you know and just getting the basics done. I think they just brush like she was passing but she was always like borderline passing. You know, I think she just did enough in class to help but she wasn't really retaining this stuff you know? And I think they just moved on
quickly before she you know caught on. But yeah, that was my school story so
what
the fuck
I understand.
Second.
It's the extra time. It was like all the difference and I couldn't imagine now her have been in school and then being still you know like it's the extra time makes a world of difference. So
I'm
just surprise really.
So but yeah and it's nice to know that you did that because I don't know I don't know why I'm thinking like what if she's missing being in school or something you know? But kids are mean to so she's happy about that because they were always mean to her and stuff so
and
if you're not mean like them, you know, then it's like then they pick on you if you're
the next one, and she was always really nice and soft spoken and shy. So, um, they picked on her. I've always been shy to
surprise
and
stop
us these chats. I'm like, oh, I get so nervous and then when I start talking like, okay, I can do, but before my nerves are so bad.
Do you do any other working stuff besides prolific?
Yeah, I just do a few online sites, you know?
And um because I stay home with the kids in home school, but my youngest since four, and I haven't worked since I was pregnant with him, but I haven't like left my house in six months either. So, uh,
I already stayed home during regular flu season because um, I have kidney problems and then I had one removed and then my other one is at 60% function right now, so I just can't afford to get sick really. And um under doctor's advice, they advised me not to go, you know, to try not to go out during regular flu season. So I've already done that for a few years. I'm like I'm just no there's no
way I
don't even go grocery shopping. My husband does it on the way home from work and he does road construction, but well they do a lot of like um housing foundations and stuff too. And um what he basically does is just operate heavy equipment so, but they got pretty nice equipment nowadays to like it's cold here right now, but they have like heated calves and yeah,
so
and um it's not bad for him because you know, they're out there and they don't have to be by any by each other like his machine like all day and then if they need to tell each other something, they just call each other on the phone used to um uh they used to like talk in person to each other more, but now since this they've um they just call each other on the phone and stuff, we've been okay so far and then he'll get groceries and then, you know, all that before he comes home, so
same. Oh my gosh. Um and sometimes I even have to get pictures and I'm like, oh my goodness. But you know, I always did the shopping on the weekends, like we would go on the weekends and I would always, you know, get everything and then when this started it's like he's doing all the shopping and it's like the first few times I'm like, oh my goodness. You know? And I would do the online ordering. But a lot of times like if you put no substitutes then half your stuff will not be on the list. And then if you put substitutes they'll put stuff like name, you know like
look
deep.
Yeah. So we did that once or twice and I was like I'm not doing this again. So he just does all the shopping. It's
funny. But yeah, it's been what like 67 months now
And yeah and he's getting a lot better. He
just
buys
like the same thing every time now. So I'm like if I need something different or you know that he's not used to I need to just I have to tell him. So
that's how he is too. He's like well they didn't have that like well I need this because I plan out like what we're having for the week really because so I'm no and you know, it just makes my week easier. And so if I have something specific I need, you know, planned out or I ask it's because I need it for dinner that week or something and it's like well I'm gonna have to change my my
and he's like it's not that big of a deal, like
he's like okay, well I planned this stuff out so now he tries to make sure if I have it, you
know, if I ask him for it. So he was like like they just didn't have that like oh
yeah, it's so funny. He just left like right before I got on here. So
I love it.
Yeah, and then he'll get home I think he gets off about six o'clock. so by the time you
get wrong it's about so it's like 30 minutes away from us. So Yeah, so but yeah, I don't I just the kids will get up and then I um you know, we do school and stuff and then I feel like I'm always cooking. Yeah.
Motherfucker.
then like we used to go out and eat, you know, at least once or twice a week, you know, even if it was just getting something fast or at least once every weekend or something and like it's just nonstop cooking. I feel like I'm always cooking soul, do school and then we'll break for lunch and then it takes a little bit longer after that, but not much and then I do breakfast before and then I'll try to work on my you know stuff if I have anything to do and then uh be cooking dinner and then it's time to get ready for me. It's like you know it's like always
cooking but uh I do stuff on here and then I do stuff on amazon and
you do that too. And then I recently started doing grid space calls um does pay pretty well, but I was always too nervous the last two mixers by um I did a lot better so
I just try to um you know help out because winner gets slow for friction. And
um that's why I started doing this because you know since I had my son, I hadn't went back to work and I was a nurse is system before then and I didn't go back to work and um so you know it was fine but during the wintertime it gets slow and then if um you know like the weather gets bad um you know they don't work those days and so um their company is kind of they're good but then sometimes they're not, so like on the bad weather days they'll get their show up time, it's like an hour or two, but they're not allowed to use their vacation time or six days. And so that's why I started um trying to help out so I'll like do this all year and then whenever um you know whether day I hope to have enough money, we'll know whenever his
checks are short, so but it's worked out this is like the third year that I started doing this, so it's been been helping.
Yeah, it's like I just got to, you know kind of help out because the first year before I started doing this um you know we would like kind of struggle and then
um we've been a lot better since you know I found this stuff so was where did I hear about? I was on a facebook mom group I think I heard about it. Somebody said what they did for um you know work at home and I was like but it just kind of all fell together because you know I did that and then um I could be home and then home school the kids you know, so it was pretty nice and then what's a pandemic? It's like well you know we're already home a lot so but I did um when we got stimulants since we were home so much we got a big swing set for the backyard and you know put some stuff out there for them and we didn't have any like they never really played back there before we have a really nice backyard. So, um, we got this big, you know, swing set and it was nice, like one side has like a little looks like a rock climbing wall thing and, you know, it's real cool. And so we invested in that, so that way, um, I was happy for that stimulus for that.
it helps. Like we, you know, got caught up on some things and then we bought the swing set and that was like, so now when the weather, you know, well we got that, it wasn't that hot then, so, uh, that really helped them not being able to go anywhere. So it was nice. Yeah,
you
too.
And we used to go down to the park and stuff, but it's like, you know, we live in a small town, so there's always people at the park, so it's like, I don't really feel safe, you know like
if it's outside, a lot of people say you know it's outside or whatever. But
I just I don't know, I'm just too I guess panicked about
like
we haven't lived here but well we've lived here for about five years and so like
I didn't really meet anybody um when the kids were in school, I had this one girl I talked to and then after we started home schooling she started homeschooling her kids and her kids, I think the year after we did and her kids were around the same age as ours. And we used to talk and stuff in uh her kids used to play with my kids. But I don't know like she used to only talk to me when she wanted to use my printer or like things like that and I didn't notice it at first, but then you know you kind of do and then since all this started like um they've talked to us like one time and then they think we're just weird you know so because we don't go anywhere, you know whatever. But
I
know and
like
you know if you see on face like they still go everywhere and um she wanted to come over I think and use my printer actually during the start of this. And I was like uh no you know uh and I just say my husband because I'm really I get to um you know
worried I guess about confrontation or
anything
warren and so I just said you know my husband really doesn't want anybody. Uh like we don't want to have any visitors. You know how this is going on because you know we don't want to look sick and stuff. And she said okay, well that's the last time they talked to us. And so it's like, you know, I don't really have any friends or anything anymore. So
stay at home and you know, chat. I get on the worker chat. Are you on any working group?
That's just
I'm up there too.
that was our timer.
So
it should be the 25 minutes because I started it when we were already on here. So anyway.
Well,
you
two have a good day. Hi.