SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Hey can you hear me? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: you hear me
SPEAKER_R: I can. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: okay Cool. Um Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hey, I'm like I'm happy someone like shut up last time. Like no one the person I was matched with like didn't come on to this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's a oh that's a bummer, you're like cool you're just probably
SPEAKER_R: With
SPEAKER_L: sitting there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is this? I'm curious what's the painting behind you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: this one. God okay so um I I used to work out, I worked at Starbucks for like 10 years and when I was a barista back in Portland I live in Seattle now but when I was in Portland um one of my regular customers was named bob and bob was someone living with um schizophrenia, paranoid schizophrenia and I'm here had to um undergo um as part of his um conditions of living in this assisted housing was to go through therapy and he did art therapy and he found out he had like a natural talent and so he started making all these paintings and he started showing them in galleries and it was like amazing to see someone like really transform their lives and he was someone that was in every single day in my store and um my husband and I actually met at Starbucks. We work together and we bought yeah we bought a bunch of his painting so like this is one of them and I have another one in my house. Um he passed away a couple of years ago but like they're such like there's so there's such weird but I I love it, I love
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: him.
SPEAKER_R: kind of reminds me of like Van Gogh did all those like uh self portraits. It kind of reminds me a little bit of that almost a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: and that's and that's actually it's interesting because that's he would paint and that was they were inspired by um you know his his view of the world is different than other people not living with mental health conditions. You know he was there was a lot of emotionality in his work and so sometimes they were kind of like this one you know, he this is like an emotion of feeling like there's a lot of sadness in this and a lot of thought and calmness and that's why you know, this kind of conveyed in his paintings. And I think Van Gogh did kind of the same thing because mango struggled with depression and you can see that in some of his self portraits of that kind of melancholy. So
SPEAKER_R: Is it is he is he like a religious, is that is he like a monk? I wondered what the
SPEAKER_L: Oh I think that's just his neck. Yeah, but I was like that like you can't really see it, but the paintings are really like textured,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like it's like the paint on there is like really thick,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: just like he kind of like was able to change his life around. I feel like all too often they don't really get quite as much of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because there's no opportunities because people see like folks living with schizophrenia as like damaged and dangerous when really it's like it's not their faults, like they just there their brain works differently. So how can how can we help them like find something positive, you know, productive. So.
SPEAKER_R: So you and your husband also met a Starbucks never keep. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: We we worked together for a year, we hated each other. Um We have very different styles, so like I I'm actually a graduate student um in social work and I'm I'm a counselor and so I'm very, so much someone who's like in touch with their emotions, loves talking about like mental health and really empathizing with people. And he's a computer programmer. So he's very much like at work, he was always like, I'm not your friend, I'm your boss, like he's very like, whereas I like to talk about it. Uh So we we clashed. Um But he actually, I was having like a really crappy week and I remember distinctly it was like about a year after I started working there, I was having a really crappy week, everything went wrong, the car broke down, my phone broke, like I had worked like nine days in a row and I was exhausted and I was just like so upset and he's just in the back, I'm like in the back room just like I hate life, and he just like comes back and he's just like you need a hug and I'm like yeah and I'm like why is he hugging me? I hate this guy. And then uh he was just like hey do you wanna get a beer after work? And I'm just like okay
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and then I show up and then like we get to talking and we're like oh you're actually not half bad, like you're actually a cool person. And then we from then on we're like okay I guess I guess we're like dating and then Yeah and then this this August will be our 10-year wedding anniversary. So
SPEAKER_R: So what they did he hate you too? Or was it like was it once?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. It was a mutual hatred. It was more like I kind of nothing to him. I thought he was like a total square and I'm just like oh this guy, and he was just like, she's so immature, she's such a like such a hippy dippy, like not responsible, and we realized we're like we kind of saw each other as like caricatures of humans and not actual people. But
SPEAKER_R: And they're like so glad you had such a terrible week to like so what brought you guys
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: together?
SPEAKER_L: know like one of the things that started off is like there was someone I was actually seeing at the time, not like date, like we were like dating but we weren't like serious, but I got like text message dumped uh that I think the day before, and it was like we were going to go to a concert and I was like, hey you want to meet up for dinner before the concert, and he was just like oh I'm actually taking a different person, and I'm like not many, just like no, he's like um I don't think this is gonna work out like over text and I was just like nothing in life is going cry where so um so yeah like all of that, that shit that happens, they're depite hisley like culminated together and created the right moment for that's too like finally be like, oh you know, actually like you as a person actually good person. Although
SPEAKER_R: Good places
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's still those things still like drive each other, like both of us going to kind of crazy, like I'm, you know, someone who very much wants to like talk things out and I like to be like very organized and planned and you know, I also was an educator for a while and so like very much planning mode and he's more like detailed like nitty gritty and just drives me crazy.
SPEAKER_R: like, like it's pretty through to like invite someone to go to event with you and then you like your uninvited like I can't imagine
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like oh
SPEAKER_L: I know right? It's being
SPEAKER_R: it looks like
SPEAKER_L: young person in Portland I guess.
SPEAKER_R: it looks like your your screen disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no it did.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I can still hear you obviously, but
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um Yeah because my my screen is showing up on like I see my screen, I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I hear you so it's probably okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. I don't know what I can do to uh to fix it but I guess yeah, I'll try playing around with it but go well. So
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: now now that I've shared you like essentially a third of my life, I'm uh Okay. Let me see if this
SPEAKER_R: It was an
SPEAKER_L: works
SPEAKER_R: interesting, you have an interesting light so I enjoyed it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh they said your social worker, you so sure I live in Arkansas and we call it like the department of Human services, are you the social worker with the government?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, I actually worked for a nonprofit.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: backing
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, okay. Cool. Um Yeah I work for a nonprofit called Southwest Youth and Family Services. So we, I mean we get funding from Seattle from the city of Seattle city of Durian, from the county, from the state. Um But we also get funding from like United Way, another like non profits of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Um, and we just provide kind of a variety of services. So I work in a department called New Futures and what we do is we kind of provide what's called wrap around services. So you know, kind of whatever families need, whether it's, they need access to money to help pay rent, whether it's food, whether it's um documentation to help with like immigration legal services. We kind of provide a little bit of everything. Um, and I mainly work with um, kids and teens, um, and doing counseling, um, running summer programming. So I also like kind of like a camp counselor slash after school tutor. Um, and starting next week I'm running a mindfulness class for teens. So I'm going to teach kids all about like mindfulness and meditation and self care and all of that.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. He's like I just started practicing meditation like the past couple weeks and it does like you noticed a difference in like my attitude for a stand. I think I'm a little more like collected. I feel like after I do that in the morning. So
SPEAKER_L: What um, what got you interested in meditation?
SPEAKER_R: uh it's kind of multifaceted I guess. Like I have been trying to get into like minimalism so it made sense for me if I'm going to try to de clutter like the material positions I have I should maybe like try to like declutter like my mind as well. And then I'm also like super big into the T. V. So Survivor. I don't have you heard of it? But I love Survivor and like one of my favorite people who played on Survivor it's like now big and meditation. So he's been leaving leading different classes on soon. So I've been kind of joining in on those. So that's kind of like how I've gone to like the daily practice of it, right? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's always cool to see like what kind of draws people into different reasons for for practice. Some of its like curiosity, some of it you see like you know you have a need in your life, you're like I like that decluttering that focusing instead of having this like chaos and like having all this different directional focus, it sounds like you're like I just need to make things easier and simpler and de clutter by physical space as well as my mental space. Uh So uh like have you been able to like kind of cultivate like a practice? Like is there any meditations that you do like on your own or that you follow?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm not like super big into like the more like religious side I guess like buddhism or cow is um or anything like that, so it's not really like experience for me I guess. Um So it's more just like kind of focusing on my breath and like focusing on different parts of my physical environment and just like kind of keeping my thoughts from running a while, they're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like because I have a tendency of like I want to be thinking of what I'm gonna be doing after, I'm like after I'm done with this, I'm like okay I need to go like you know whatever, so trying to focus on the here now, it's kind of what I've been doing so far.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean that sounds like like that's that's all mindfulness is just uh like some for some people it's like really helpful to tie into religious practices like so as soon as I work with like their um their catholic and so mindfulness you know connecting it with prayer, it's something that's familiar so it doesn't feel so woo like what what is it like I often hear from my students, what is this white people nonsense? Um it's like I get it, but I but yeah it sounds like you're like you're finding what works for you and just focusing on like your breath and those sorts of things like that's I mean that's formalized practice as a way of like doing you know setting that intention, sitting in your space, whatever that is. That's cool, that's cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: We were like well you
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: know, we didn't actually invent it, it was I don't know. I don't know. I guess like the buddha so maybe like the like the indians indians created it maybe. I don't know. I don't know where meditation like first like was coined. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think it's something that, I mean meditation is a practice that is like you know we know of like that the meditation that we often practice in like mindfulness is has its roots in daoism and buddhism but in other ways it's kind of manifested in other you know other faiths like like I mentioned with prayer um you know having your conversation with your higher power, you are you know focusing that intention, you know? So there's some little bits and pieces of it. I'm but yeah it's kind of, it's curious to to see like how people conduct with it because you're like oh you know mindfulness is something like when they've done like these like medical studies about how mindfulness like changes the brain, it's like oh there's you know if it has such a profound effect on the brain and it's you know maybe there's some roots in it that we've always had, we just haven't discovered it, you know what I mean? Like we've lost this art of like you know focusing and clearing your mind and
SPEAKER_R: But I
SPEAKER_L: being
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: present.
SPEAKER_R: there's like so many more distractions and I think there were like 30 years ago. So I feel like it's hard to even know how like the amount of like technology and advertisements are like affecting us because you know, it's all been so recently kind of developed so it'll be interesting to you like 100 years and they're like, yeah, you know their attention span decreased by 50% you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I would think of like, I don't know if you watched star trek but
SPEAKER_R: a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: um like part of like like the world of Star Trek is that um like essentially they've gotten rid of like currency. Like they've gotten rid of money and like working for like profit if I recall. So it's like you essentially are just working because like it's something that you're just driven to do and you want to contribute to society Because like I mean they have these like um uh you know like food, you don't have to like cook food anymore. You just press this button. It's like like manifests
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: and so I wonder if like that's part of you know being in the future like well you know, we, we don't have to focus so much on this like striving and doing and and getting shit done, like we can actually focus on like well we already we don't have these like wants and needs and striving so we can just focus on like being a part of something, being our best selves and yeah, I would if they'll look back and be like, oh man, those fools with, you know, what would they do without their Alexa?
SPEAKER_R: I feel like that's
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: interesting. What about that one? I feel like whenever I think of like what things
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: becoming
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: like so automated, I think of like you see the movie like wally with like little robots and they're all like you know I can't get up off their tears site. That's that's definitely your way of thinking about it. The way more positive than like the wally version. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's yeah, that is an interesting perspective of like what future tech will will do for people um Because like, you know, I I used to be a debate team so that was something we talked about is like, you know when the more you automate stuff like it can possibly eliminate jobs, but when you also think about it, like think about like 100 years ago when we started incorporating machinery into like doing mass production, you know, people were like, oh my God, we're like, you know, we're not going to have people be able to craft anymore. And it's like no we didn't, like we just found new ways of like new types of jobs to create what I mean, like for crying out loud, there was someone's job that was just to like wake people up there just like go and knock on door, like, you know, they have these like, they would like these big long sticks that were just like whack a window and be like, hey, wake up and so you know, like my sort of perspective is like there's always going to be new opportunities because I think people just inherently what to, I mean it's part of that same drive of like striving, like people want to do something to feel fulfilled, like people want to be wanted and so whether that's like you know even when even I think when we're feeling like lazy and we're like all I want to do is play video games, but it's like there's a satisfaction in accomplishing something
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: in that drive and so you know that's just like my hippy dippy, a way of thinking of like not going crazy, I think the world this is like burning down.
SPEAKER_R: Anything I think I remember like a paper and was talking about like there was a lot of pushback into automation like fast food industry. But you know I think it's a little bit you know I don't think he yeah he lose jobs in some industry then you make it up to others. I mean I'm sure those machines break like every other day. So then also there's a new job if someone needs to be able to fix those and that's more of a skilled labor. So your opening more skilled labor positions instead of you know instead of you know more unskilled labor positions. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, so in some ways you you just kind of shift, shift the jobs, so instead of focusing on like one thing, you're focusing on providing and sustaining that sort of infrastructure. Sorry, I'm distracted by my cats, I don't know what he has in his mouth but probably nothing good
SPEAKER_R: How many? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: have to. They're brother and sister. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are their
SPEAKER_L: Princess
SPEAKER_R: names?
SPEAKER_L: Princess and Oliver.
SPEAKER_R: This is an Oliver, that's why I love the name Oliver was there like a cartoon character? Oh no it was like all of our company. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But yes, it's a it's a juicy movie um I can't remember. I like I think Oliver was the dog.
SPEAKER_R: no I think Oliver was, Oliver was a cat and he got lost in new york city and it's accepted by this pack of dogs and. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, that's what it was. That's what it was. Yeah. I Oh man, it's been a while since I have seen that movie. I just remember, I think the voice of the dog was billy Joel. That's all I that's all I remember. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So are your cats happy that you've been like um spending more time at home with like so quarantining and like are they like
SPEAKER_L: they will. Oh they love it. They
SPEAKER_R: I did.
SPEAKER_L: love it. They they're they're very like sociable. They uh you know like I like right now I'm in like my little like nook area or I got you know, I got my board games on my couch, I got my window, that's where I do my homework and I do writing my papers and planning and stuff like that and they just like lounge right next to me like the whole day. Like they'll just they're just so excited that they could just like sleep on top of me most of the day. I'm instead of like, before, when, you know, I was out of the house and then my husband was out of the house. So they were like, they have each other. But the fact that we're both home all the time through like sweet, I can bug you all day for treats and food and a tagine. So I have to keep like treats nearby and the laser pointer because otherwise they're just like, now they're spoiled. So
SPEAKER_R: We're gonna
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: have a hard time transitioning whenever you guys are like back to whatever your normal lives looked like before this, they're gonna they're gonna be alone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, whenever, whenever that happens, like that's probably like some distance future type check. Uh, how was, uh, how was Arkansas like handling covid and, and all of that?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think it's actually in my area like I live in the like the very northwest part of it which is like the most populated area Arkansas and it's all relative pieces Arkansas, but the most popular part of my state actually is beginning um pretty bad compared to a lot of places in the south, so a lot of their chickens are loosening up, but it does seem to be increasing the number of cases pretty pretty rapidly, so, but it hasn't.
SPEAKER_L: you, ah, do you see a lot of people were in masks and like maintaining like social distancing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I work some college students, so I'm working in the food industry over the summer and then we all wear masks as like food service employees and they have to wear a mask when they first come in, but then when they get to their tables, you know, they could take them off. I see, I think that actually is, there's been more people than usual wearing face masks and like grocery store shopping that I've seen. So I think has actually been increasing recently. I think there for a while people were tired of it. But I think with increased number of cases here, people are kind of getting back on the ball, which is good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's good. Yeah. It's worrisome when you see places on the news that are like loosening up the restrictions and then you see the spike in cases and it's just like, God, be careful. Like my, uh, my father in law and his wife just moved down to Arizona and Arizona's had like a huge spike in cases. So we're like, please make sure you wear your mask, please be careful going to the store because like you guys are at risk like
SPEAKER_R: and what
SPEAKER_L: old
SPEAKER_R: is walmart
SPEAKER_L: people please.
SPEAKER_R: is what we're still doing? Like um I knew for a while they have like the first hour was like purely for people like of elderly age status and
SPEAKER_L: I think a lot of grocery stores have that. Like, I know walmart has it, we have um, over here we have uh fred Meyer and fred Meyer is kind of like a walmart. Um, but it's local. It's just, I think it's like in Washington Oregon and Idaho and they have the same thing. It's like Tuesday morning from like 6 to 7. It's just like over 65, good job. So yeah, I think that's but you know, then uh I think that actually works because that's typically like knowing all like the older people in my life. Like that's they're like, oh yeah, I'm already up by that time and going to going to the grocery store. I'm like me when I'm like, no, I'm still asleep. You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can have that time.
SPEAKER_R: so like with like walmart, so where I live is like the home office of walmart. So if you just have exclusively Walmarts pretty much they like scale back their hours. And I've heard people like kind of complaining closely like 8 30 now, but also like, I don't really mind it, like, I feel like it keeps me from running to the store like 10 o'clock, you know, I feel like it's a little bit simpler now almost because I know what to expect and I'm like, oh, Get it done by a 13, it's all good. I don't really mind it. The limited hours. Mm
SPEAKER_L: If anything, you could tie it back into your mindfulness of like, and instead of giving all these options for when to go to the store, just whenever willy nilly you, you can be intentional about your time. Be like, okay, well, I know I have a finite amount of time. So that way I can better structure my day and declutter it from having all this freedom of whenever so I can go to walmart before that
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't think about that, but there's actually like, it's probably like 100% accurate. Like I think sometimes having too many options is stressful, you know, like I think sometimes that makes things worse, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I always, I always thought that about like whenever I wrote like papers for school, when when professors or teachers were like, like here's a general topic just right, like 8 to 10 pages about whatever. And I would like stress me out because I'm like about whatever, like just just pick a, pick a topic like no, I can't, I can't have that because then I'm like, do I write, look how how specific do you want me to get? Like I I think sometimes that having that freedom can just mean, you know, just like, okay, where where do I stop? Do I just keep like how do I, how do I get this? And sometimes that like, you know, rules don't necessarily create limitations. It just gives like structure, just like gives that organization as I, sorry, I talk a lot with my hands,
SPEAKER_R: You get
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: my, my family is italian. So I just grew up like constantly like this, I have
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: learn
SPEAKER_R: been,
SPEAKER_L: to this. What was that
SPEAKER_R: did you think you'll go to Italy someday or have you been to Italy?
SPEAKER_L: someday? Um I have all of my family lives um my mom's side, they live in like a small mountainside town outside of Rome Arm And we were actually hoping to go there this year for our 10-year wedding anniversary, but
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I'm, we're gonna hang out in our backyard for your anniversary. Um
SPEAKER_R: fighting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, hopefully, hopefully some someday. Have you ever been anywhere in europe or overseas?
SPEAKER_R: I've been to a couple of countries in europe. I um studied in spain last summer and I say like with a spanish family there, my mom came and met me after the program was done. So I've been to a couple but I feel like they don't really like it didn't like save my curiosity for a lot of the countries that just kind of fed into it. So I'm like, let's go to all the countries, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's so, it's so interesting like I was over a couple years ago in my husband's family is Luxembourg ish. So the small, tiny country in between like Germany France and Belgium, everyone like, no one has any idea what this country is there, Like is it germane and like, no, they're very like, it's a very distinct country and you don't call them Germans because they'll get very angry. Um but remember going, going over there and it's just so weird to see like, you know, you see the ramparts and you see all these castles and structures that are like so old and you think like the oldest thing is like where I live is probably like make, I don't even know, maybe like if you go out, you know, there's like a farmhouse or a schoolhouse, like out out like 30 miles out that's like You know, standing from the 20s. But everything is new. So it's so weird to see all this like old old history. That's why um
SPEAKER_R: It's honestly, I can't even comprehend like that people were walking here like 400 years ago. Like there were people here. Like I can't even comprehend the history behind some of these things.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's, it's unreal. I went a few years ago, I went to um went to Japan uh for about three weeks and I remember going to um this like uh, it's called an onsen and onset like um uh, those natural spring baths um are really big in Japan, like hot springs. Um And so there was, there was this um, like hotel that was, you know, you would go and you stay at the hotel and uh, you'd go bathe in the hot springs. But this hotel had essentially been around since like 980. And like, I can't even like, I'm, I'm just like, it has been owned by the same family
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: and, and it's like, I can't, I can't even fathom like your brain can, like, when you think about like, when something is like a tradition or family business, you're like, oh yeah, it goes back like two or three generations. Whereas over there, it's like,
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how many would that be like 10, 15 generations, that's just before, like any type of modernity. It's so, it's so wild to think about,
SPEAKER_R: But like imagine
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: being born into that family and being like, I really really, really want to be like a doctor and you're like, no, you're going to take over the family business, you know?
SPEAKER_L: right. Like that, that amount of pressure is huge to like continue on with the family businesses. Like, look, we're, we have a Wikipedia page about the, how long our business has been around. Don't screw this up. It's
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: just,
SPEAKER_R: born in the family. You your destiny is already sealed your fate. Is it trying to force your ever born?
SPEAKER_L: it looks like a Disney movie. Like your fate has been sealed. Like you need to continue on with the family destiny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: And you're like,
SPEAKER_R: Happy.
SPEAKER_L: I just want to be a twitch streamer.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. It's like one of those like dramatic like diseases like but dad, that's your dream. That's not my dream.
SPEAKER_L: And then at the end they come together and they find a way of like carrying on the tradition by combining like the new and the old and the family all hug it out like Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't say like you know my
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: family
SPEAKER_L: totally
SPEAKER_R: is like
SPEAKER_L: a Disney movie.
SPEAKER_R: you're disowned, we're just going to have another kid, you know, go find someone else
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like I'm just gonna, I've heard that's actually fairly common in Japan of um adopting like at older ages so that they can kind of continue on with these sorts of traditions of keeping something like in, in the family.
SPEAKER_R: the problem
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: solvers, you know? Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: that was, that was a cool if you had to visit like Eddie anyplace in the world, where would you go? Like say for instance, you had like you had a good budget and quarantine restrictions are all free and you just have like, you know, a ticket to somewhere. Where would you go?
SPEAKER_R: That's a good question I guess. You know it depends on who's coming with me. Is this like a solo trip or
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: is this
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: like or is this a family like?
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's a good point because I think, you know, there's different, different, you know, whether you travel solo travel by, you know, travel with family, there's different restrictions. So like where would you go if you just went solo dolo versus like with friends or with family?
SPEAKER_R: I think if I was going solo, I think it would be cool that I heard of people like kind of doing a super big like scenic route of like Iceland and just like cards kind of going. I think that's like I think that's a pretty safe country so I probably won't be murdered. So I think it would be a good like week long or two people on trip to be about myself. I was gonna go with other people. Like I like traveling my mom a lot so I have to really like to go to Beijing. Maybe. I'm not sure that's on her list though. But if I get to go to the Beijing would be cool. I think it's such a big jump from anything. Like there's such a huge culture like difference than anything. I've been to see a little bit, little bit daunting I feel like
SPEAKER_L: china is another world. Um We had layovers in china and um granted we were in Shenzhen and Shenzhen is, it's close to Beijing, but it's, it's like another populist populated city. Um but we were kind of uh, I mean this show is kind of our Western focus, but we were surprised at kind of the lack of english speakers because it was a major, it was still a major city. Um like No one We met spoke English except like, like a hotel, like the people at the hotel, that was it, no one spoke a lick of english. Um and we made the mistake of getting driving directions to the hotel to show our taxi driver we didn't get them in mandarin, so that was um that was a struggle. Uh, whereas when we were in japan, like announcements at the train stations were all in english and japanese, everywhere you went, everything was in english and Japanese. If you went out, like we stayed at a buddhist temple um
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: for one night and like they spoke very little english but they were very patient. Like I think it was, you know like if you're, if you're out like a countryside it seems to be like people are a little more like life moves a little more slowly, they're they're a little more amenable to people just like relaxing and like accepting of their culture. Whereas like being in a big city in china and you don't know mandarin, they have no time for you, they're they're like they have no patients and um so yeah, I think like china china would be cool. But yeah, it's a like a another world, it feels like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that's kind of like to hold me back is like I don't want to get there and like just be unable to communicate with them at all. Like I think I speak like a little bit of spanish like enough for like through like some, you know, purposeful hand motions and like broken spanish, I can usually get my point across. But even then it's still like a struggle to like accurately tell you what I'm trying to think and say. So I think that's what like I think Russia would be really cool to like to go to ST Petersburg, but the same kind of issue with like, I'm not sure how many english speakers are in Russia, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think Russia might be a little bit better in like the major cities in terms of english speakers, I think that's what I've heard. But yeah Russia would be cool. How are you? Like a similar traveler to your, your mom? Do you both have like the same sort of interest in places to visit and same sort of speed pace?
SPEAKER_R: I think like when we're together on trips, like I think we're really like similar minded. I think uh going to a lot of Asian countries is super intimidating to her. It feels like language barriers. So I don't think she is quite much of interesting traveling to a lot of like uh countries on that continent, but and on the trust we have in together, we are like super similar minded so that I do really enjoy traveling with her when we're on the truth. Are
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you are you and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: your husband? Like you guys are so different or do you guys
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: travel well.
SPEAKER_L: we're so when we travel were very different, were very different. He is very much a uh he he and his mom are similar in how they travel to, they're both super easy going when we're in Luxembourg. Like you know, you know this from being in spain on sunday everything's closed, you're just supposed to take your siesta, you're just supposed to relax and chill. Um I did not like that. I am someone who when, when we travel, I have an excel spreadsheet of where we're going. I have maps, I have very much I plan and I research um I just like to be prepared and so when we went to Japan I made sure that I was kind of like the person in charge and I think at some point I would like try and ease up. But no, we're very different speeds and so sometimes we have to like even plan how we're both going to handle that beforehand. So it
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: might be, I think at one point I was, because we were there for my birthday, he was like, what you want to do for your birthday? And I was like for my birthday, I don't want to play in Jack. Yeah, I want you to just take over. He was just like, well I don't know where to go and I'm like, I to take that burden away from me because like, you know, this is, this is how we're going to try and combine it. And so he just like, okay, let's just walk around. So he's totally cool with like going to museums and just walking and whereas I, and I think it's from like both of my parents, well, mainly my dad, but he was the type to like when we go to Disneyland, get up at six a.m. Make sure we have our breakfast, make sure we do this, make sure we do this. And that's also a doctor. He like he's a surgeon, so he gets up super early, Does this very regimented. Uh And that's that's me when I travel, although we were to husband, I went to Hawaii and I think that was like the one time we both were able to like seamlessly combine our styles of like okay, I will help play in where to get our snorkels and you know where to get picked up our rental car and where to do this and this. But you know in Hawaii you can just, it's island time. You just go and your snorkel and you sit on the beach and then maybe go on a hike and then maybe it's some pok and and it's just that so yeah, we have to find places or be with other people to like there
SPEAKER_R: into groups.
SPEAKER_L: are times and I'm just like, yeah, we're like, I might take a person who is like, okay, you are someone who is like doo doo doo goo goo go. So you're coming with me, we're gonna go do stuff and and Michael, you can go take, you could go take a nap in the sun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I think
SPEAKER_L: So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's going to be so hard for you when your passport expires. We did turn it in like has a little stamps in it. It's gonna be hard for you to give it back, you know?
SPEAKER_L: mm I don't know. Maybe I'll maybe I'll try and Well, so that's another thing is that, so my husband is a dual citizen. Um so he's in the process of getting his passport from Luxembourg, so he'll have two passports. Um So he'll have less time to be able to, you know he has more options because you can you can just pick which passport to use and fill up whereas I don't have that. I don't know, maybe I'll be like can I just keep it and put it in a scrapbook?
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I lost it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. That's not having my mom. Well she actually did lose it so it's justified but she like she just said it was lost and they're like okay, no baby am. I don't think you can lose it, you know? Seven times over the course of seven years.
SPEAKER_L: They're like this is this interesting pattern like always a month before your passport is, do you call I say it's gone.
SPEAKER_R: So lost in the fire, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It's like how many what is going on if there's a fire every like you
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: stay
SPEAKER_R: gonna like
SPEAKER_L: away from flammable materials.
SPEAKER_R: like identity fraud, you know? They're gonna be like, she's selling your passports, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's like uh when I got uh I think it was I I noticed when I got married I had to get I had to get new um Social Security card because I had my my married name on it. And um I remember like kind of going through the whole process because you know, you don't really go to the Social security office very often in your life. Uh but I remember them explained to me that like there you can only replace your Social security card seven times in your life. And I, part of me was just like, What happens after the 7th time? Do you? They just go nope top
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: more for you. No longer american citizen like
SPEAKER_L: yes, sorry you are, you're like that that one guy in that, that tom Hanks movie where he was trapped in the airport for like years. That's you go live in an airport.
SPEAKER_R: You're gonna find somewhere else to live. Go be a Canadian.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Canada will take you in. Canada will take in anyone. They're just like, we're
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: they can make it there like it's so north. Like if they're like, well, if you can finally, he can get to Canada, you deserve to live here, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, like going into Canada ain't too hard. The border guards on the Canadian side are supervised were about maybe like 2.5 hours from the Canadian border. So like Canadian the Canadian um uh border security is like pretty chill. But when you come back around the american border security are like man, they will. Uh my husband came back from a work trip in Bc. And uh I kept joking about because over there they have I've never had them before, but gooseberries are apparently really delicious. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know, but apparently they're not allowed, you can't bring them into the United States. So we rule about like importing fruit. Like
SPEAKER_R: hope you
SPEAKER_L: rehab
SPEAKER_R: thinking like diseases I guess.
SPEAKER_L: the fucking bury, who knows?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just like, there's like, there's like diseases that could carry and it can affect like the local produce. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: I get it. But it's also like I just want him to go to the grocery store, like a bag of grapes, but a bag of gooseberries. I just want to give it a try. And so I kept joking, I was texting and I'm like, bring me back some berries and he is someone who is just like, I don't I can't do that, I can't like that's illegal and I'm just like okay. But apparently um like they when they were at the at the border they were stopped in, their car was completely like searched and then the car by car next to him was like stopped in search and I guess people were arrested for like, who knows what they brought over? So he's just like, see that's why you don't take gooseberries into the U. S. And I'm just like,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That sounds
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: get it.
SPEAKER_R: this sounds like something to eat. Like a Winnie the pooh book. Like that sounds like something. Let me know who eat like gooseberries.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it reminds me of um Willy Wonka, like the snow's berries taste like snow's berries, like it sounds like a made up fruit. Like why is it called a gooseberry? Like does it look like a goose? Because it tastes like goose? Is it eaten by peace?
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Why the name?
SPEAKER_R: Do you have like, yeah, they have like their call it Canadian geese, right? Is that what their official name is? Like Canadian geese, like the eagle. But like maybe like one year like the entire use like maybe therefore they're just like regular berries. And when you're like the entire population of berries was ravaged by use of peace and they're like, well now we're gonna call gooseberries.
SPEAKER_L: I love that. I like that sort of like, it's almost like a like a mythological tale. Um That's I you know, I'm just gonna put that into my my knowledge and just be just tell people that I like that story of gooseberries.
SPEAKER_R: A single only one gooseberry tree was left unscathed and they named it and every gooseberry has come down from that one. Was it like a tree? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: and geese were like you must name it after us or we will continue to ravage the gooseberry or this very population, so you must name it in our honor. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm I know
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: honor our strength and prowess.
SPEAKER_R: I know like in Australia they had like, I think they even called it like a war, it was like a work, it's like all these Amos. He's apparently there was like too many of them. And so they call out like their version of like the National Guard to like take out all these views.
SPEAKER_L: Well those birds are big and scary like
SPEAKER_R: They are pretty. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: uh why why Australia is full of nothing but scary creature, scary alien animals. Right?
SPEAKER_R: let's see if I can. I'd like to look at that right now. But they killed like remember
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: they just like took out of like Australian movie is just too many of them.
SPEAKER_L: cheers
SPEAKER_R: There's snakes relax.
SPEAKER_L: The Great Emu War of like 1779. Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's actually what's called. It's also known as the Great Emu War.
SPEAKER_L: What? That is is bonkers. Um Oh so this is like recent, this
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: barely barely have failed from what google says and the Australian government decided to never get deploys troops against the mighty email. I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: don't know how you
SPEAKER_L: like they're like Art Emma's, you win, you can create your own
SPEAKER_R: they're too strong I
SPEAKER_L: constitutional
SPEAKER_R: guess for their
SPEAKER_L: monarchy. I don't know what they tried, what were they?
SPEAKER_R: Apparently wasn't successful successful fight. It's unfair I guess.
SPEAKER_L: I love that. They they should like make a movie about it or or something about it. That would that would be great. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: listen uh he's like he was the greatest showman. He's I think he's Australian right?
SPEAKER_L: Hugh
SPEAKER_R: Or like it's
SPEAKER_L: Jackman, Yes.
SPEAKER_R: many. I have huge Jackman lead us perfect it make it so don't make it like ironic or humorous at all. Just feel like the most. Yeah like play like a World War Two movie except they're fighting demons.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, or like there is um there's this movie is about a true story called the Something in the Darkness, but it's a val Kilmer and Michael Douglas and it's about this like pride of lions that just starts like murdering people and just take like wiping out whole villages when they have to go in and like hunt these lions down some something in the darkness rationally. But yeah, it reminds me if they did something like that, make it like super dramatic, super serious, almost like a thriller.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like mixing like a little bit like drastic park into it because you know in Mazar so scary like having
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: to drive away and just like a massive emails chasing after this, you know. Deep.
SPEAKER_L: the movie is called The Ghost in the Darkness. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right? I haven't heard that. Sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it came out in like 96. Mhm. It's not bad. It's got a it's got a good story.
SPEAKER_R: Remember I watched it was like I think it was like two brothers and it was like the super dramatic retelling of like these two tiger cubs who are like separated at birth and they're like they're taken in by this is like it was a super dramatic story for what was basically like people adopting tiger cubs. But I'm really really liking that when I was a kid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that, that, that sounds cute and dramatic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or like, you know like Benji movies, like five hours of watching a dog walk around a city, like the dog doesn't even talk.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, Have you seen Milo and Otis?
SPEAKER_R: I was 100% sure you're about to say my own notice. Like she's going to see my little notice
SPEAKER_L: I know. Because like how can you not bring up uh animals just walking around?
SPEAKER_R: or like a Homeward bound. Did you ever watch those?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I distinctly remember when the pit bull gets all the porcupine quills and, and I think that's like animal control, like picks them up and they have to like rescue him. It wasn't the cat and I think the cow was named like sassy or something.
SPEAKER_R: that's right. Yeah, that's right. I don't care what the dogs were called, but I used
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: to watch,
SPEAKER_L: but I think, I remember one of the dogs was voiced by Michael J Fox, I think. Who
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: knows?
SPEAKER_R: was case? I think chase thing
SPEAKER_L: Chase.
SPEAKER_R: was and I don't remember what the older one was without. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: those fucking movies or at least I remember the big good movies.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean they were like heartwarming um Yes. Chance.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Chance.
SPEAKER_R: that's okay. That's not cheese. I think I still have those movies probably somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm pretty sure my mom has like um like the old VHS that had like that plastic clamshell e loud ass big like all the Disney movies came in. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure she has those that joseph VHS player In like my old room. Like it's like a time capsule of like 2003 or something.
SPEAKER_R: I remember I was like 10 or 10 or 12. My mom sold all our VHS and I remember being so upset. You couldn't find like, you know The Little mermaid too and like, you know, Gashes London Adventure on DVD? Like those were only BHS only.
SPEAKER_L: Like because Disney was weird about like releasing like, it's like for like the longest time, you just have to wait till they released it from the vault.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's so stupid. I hate that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's why my mom kept the VHS is also because, you know, she's, that seems like just such a mom slash grandma thing to do is just like keep things for kids, for grand babies. You know, the kids will love this. Like mom, you can, you don't need to hold on to everything. They might like that someday. They might like Babe Pig in the city. Big what is it Babe? Two pig in the city or something.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well, I mean,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you know the record players came back. Maybe it's one in the future of the new hip thing to do would be used to be a
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: chess players.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah my mom still has. I remember when my parents bought us uh a it was like a stereo system that had like a five disc changer in it that you know hold five cds or something. Yeah and it had like the two cassettes so you can like record stuff off. Like you can essentially record from the from cds or or the radio. Um But my mom still has that like
SPEAKER_R: Bill Hi
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: Tech
SPEAKER_L: still how she
SPEAKER_R: four.
SPEAKER_L: she listens to the radio. She doesn't listen to like Pandora or Spotify. She listens to the radio on this like Nearly 30 year old stereo in her office. She was like why do I need to buy a new one? This thing this thing works fine. I can't
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: figure
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: out my computer.
SPEAKER_R: is it like massive to, is it like imagining that being pretty
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: big?
SPEAKER_L: like it's like this big you know? So like I don't know, a few feet wide tall. If yeah
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: sizable like.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Is it quite a space commitment?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but like that's like furniture, what it was like spurt like things in your house. Like it wasn't all about downsizing. Like it was like a it was like this huge massive conversation piece. Like my grandma had this giant um It oh my gosh how to explain it. But it was um it was a stereo but it was like had like carved wood and speakers. Like you've probably seen these from like the sixties and the seventies and then you open up the top and it was a record player and it also had like an eight track like plug in thing. But it was massive and it had great sound but it like was the size of like a dining room table and I had like two giant speakers and it was like, you know, and it had, you know of course pictures on it and like fake flowers and all that sort of stuff. Like it was just like centerpiece and oh, I couldn't imagine that. I, I remember when my mom was trying to clean furniture, she asked me if uh when we bought a house, she was like, hey, do you want to take my china cabinet? And I'm just like, why? Like the like china hutches are essentially giant, like would display cases for like chop skis and knickknacks and oh, you know, there's like weird plates that you put on like the little stands that yeah, like great. You know, great aunt Myrtle of my mom was like, do you want this from? Like why? Why would I? She was like, I don't know, maybe you want to display things like what, like it also weighs like £1000. Where am I gonna put it? What am I gonna do with it?
SPEAKER_R: I mean because I like the way like china looks, I don't having a child, but I like the waste a lot of them look, but like I don't want to carry it around all year so I can easy that like thanksgiving and christmas, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I have uh like two sets of, of china, one is like all Christmas China and one is just like just fancy, you know, like fancy china. Um But like the christmas, when I remember you had a christmas party here and I was like apprehensive about using it because I'm just like, I don't want to do one to break something, and my mom is just like, we'll just set the table and I was like, but we have like, we're going to be like hanging out and like sitting around, you know, playing board games and all that sort of stuff. Like mom, I don't want I want something durable, I don't want something like if it breaks, I'm just like, oh God, like there's this there's there. I think that's such a generational thing of like I'm totally cool with IKEA furniture, you know like if I need to replace it a few years I'll replace it where she's just like I want to pass on this ancient writing desk, that was your great grandfather's and I'm just like no I got cats, they're gonna they're gonna tear that shit up, I'm not even
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: wife
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: bother.
SPEAKER_R: gonna tell me then I'm not going to be able to come home for christmas anymore. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh parents.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I just noticed we've been chatting for like almost a full hour.
SPEAKER_R: Well that went by really fast honestly. Like I didn't even really notice it. Hopefully you didn't have anything like time sensitive you had to do.
SPEAKER_L: No I actually like I had my last final for this week and I turned in my last paper um and now I'm just doing all of my prep work for my like the summer program which starts next week. But I've been doing that and then watching unsolved mysteries on netflix.
SPEAKER_R: I just, I just watched that. It's so
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: so good. It's so
SPEAKER_R: It's so
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: good. I'm so suspicious that things are like, I've been clothing all of our like our drapes every night. He's like, I get so like suspicious. That first episode. That was insane. That's crazy. Oh
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: like that's one of the reasons like I like the original and self mysteries. Like a girl of watching. Like I actually got my my my Bachelor's is in criminology. Like I loved true crime so much. Like I went to school for it um because I loved true crime books, I loved unsolved mysteries and all that sort of stuff. Uh And you know, even though I'm not really involved in that stuff anymore, I still like it's what I like, it's what I like to watch, like I'll fall asleep to that sort of stuff. And it was like uh it's just like and then they found the body in the well and I'm just like,
SPEAKER_R: And they
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: don't know
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: did it.
SPEAKER_L: like how and I'm like it's not that scary and I'm like ghosts and demons and vampires and all that stuff that scares me. But like a serial killer like or even someone like a more likely thing, I'm just like that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But vampires,
SPEAKER_R: eat what I like.
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: I live with my parents uh and I'm going further back to school in the fall and I'm like, maybe we should reactivate ourselves, like our security system. Like maybe we should get that going again, you know, I can mess if I watch
SPEAKER_L: Probably
SPEAKER_R: too much.
SPEAKER_L: a safe thing.
SPEAKER_R: It messes with me. Yeah. But like maybe you should take a break, like maybe I should take a break.
SPEAKER_L: But then you're just like, let me look at the crime data in my city. Let me look at the crime blotter. Let me look at the sex offender registry and see how close like then your sex offender is to my house
SPEAKER_R: I just feel like, you know like the more like I hear about these unsolved mysteries and more I'm like, you know, I was murdered, the police would never solve it. They used to be like, oh they'd be like, oh that's her father, father must have killed her kids clothes. You know like they wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: peter.
SPEAKER_R: ever, they
SPEAKER_L: That's what
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: not yet, baby
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: doesn't
SPEAKER_L: maybe from watching all these shows, you're just like, okay, if something happens, I get kidnapped I can leave little trails of stuff where to give them hints. Like like in the moment where I'm being snatched I'll be like, oh maybe I'll quite type a quick message on my phone just saying I got kidnapped. Look for a white van.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or like, you know like they used to tell you like if you like put in the back of the car to kick out a tail, like you know like I would just, if I had to kick out a tail and I feel like my ankle just like snap, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They actually they have it now in almost all modern cars. Um There are emergency switches to open up the trunk.
SPEAKER_R: Good to know. I'll just feel like is in here somewhere like
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what I'm like,
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: dark.
SPEAKER_R: sweet.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know where shit is. We'll probably just be like, okay, now we're now we're going to knock you out because you're causing too much of a ruckus.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they like shut off back there early. I know like my first car was like a Honda accord and it had like a little, so where the back seat was. I had like a little box that you could open up and like see into the trunk. Like, like pushing that open to be like, let me out of here like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And you're like, okay, maybe I can get out of here and you're just like your heads out and you're like, nope, now, this is
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: awkward.
SPEAKER_R: is I got one shoulder in one shoulder out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Which is this okay the real quick I would like cause more damage to myself and they would ever do to me like, I feel like over the
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: trunk
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: and broken legs or like we left you then you're fine, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, like you were just adding on to the chart to the criminal charges were having to face. Not cool. Stop it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Like I feel like I need to like leave a note for the place to be like, you know, if I ever disappear, I did not just run off with some some random dude be like, no, someone took me. I didn't just run off, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can't plan for that. That's too much work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So funny. Yeah. It's really messing with me though. Yeah, it's so good. I haven't I didn't watch a lot. I didn't watch all the original series, so it was like kind of new to me, but it was so good and so creepy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm glad you get to enjoy it and spook yourself out. Amazing. I remember watching it as like a young kid and clearly like it was not appropriate for like, you know, an eight year old to watch. But my parents were like, what are you watching? And like turn the channel like rugrats, snapping nickelodeons and they changed the channel back.
SPEAKER_R: My mama, she my mom hated uh angelica off regrets. She didn't like she didn't like angelic regrets and then she didn't like chi you like she hated cut you. She thought he was so wine.
SPEAKER_L: I never I like, I I think I was a little too. I was older and I like I didn't get into the eu but I remember watching Kyle you with like, when I would babysit and I would always be like, why does he have no hair? What is the deal?
SPEAKER_R: And that like for a long time I was like, maybe he's like, he has cancer. Like that's what, that's what, that's what young me thought. I was like, you must have cancer and chemo or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Or as like, is he just like a giant child baby? Like, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, maybe. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: We're like, um, was it Teletubbies? The one with, Yeah. With a little television on.
SPEAKER_L: With the tummy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I never understood that. It was such a weird show.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then the with the sun had like a baby face or like the son was a baby.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like the kids you watch that actually regressed, like they actually went back and step in their development.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like they did a lot of like weird baby talk in it. Thank, I don't think they actually used words to communicate. They just really uh like is this for Children? Is this for like newborns? Who is this? Who is there
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: target
SPEAKER_L: demographic?
SPEAKER_R: audience for this. So funny. What is our world?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Indeed. So you're done with um school for for this school year?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We got sent back home in March. So I've been home since then. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and then we are going back to school like in a physical classroom after thanksgiving break. So hopefully I'm really hoping they don't mess with the spring semester because that's supposed to graduate. And I would really like to have like an in person graduation. But they they're a little bit of over reactors at my school. So cautiously optimistic but also like prepared for like kind of the worst too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My uh some of the high school is like in the program, they had to do like a virtual graduation. And it's like I felt so I felt so bad for we and we did a thing where we all got in our cars like because we went after school programs. So all of us like all the teachers like went around to every student, we decorated our cars that we like played music and we did like a drive up graduation. But at the same time I was like, this isn't the same. This sucks. Yeah. And people are like, oh well there's people dying and people are, all these kids are worried about, you know, not having an in person graduation or in person problem. And I'm like, those are huge like milestones in in young people's lives. Like I think it's entirely appropriate for them to be like bummed out to not go to like a physical graduation. Like
SPEAKER_R: I feel,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I imagine imagine it probably feels like like a little bit unlike unfinished business, like with graduations such like a physical moment, we're like, okay, I'm done. Like this is over, this chapter is closed. I wonder if like it's kind of like left kind of cracked, like not quite finished.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It can make it hard to like kind of transition and move on to whatever that next step is like um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: I graduate um from my program, I'm actually in an online program because I go to school in new york city. Um I go to Fordham, but I live in Seattle. Um
SPEAKER_R: About as far
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: from each other.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I chose the program because like they have um like they've been so involved in social work for for so long. Um like they've had like a social work program since like they essentially since social work as a like degree could, like it's one of the oldest programs in the US, but I'm like that's one of the things that I didn't even consider is that like, like, oh you know, well my will my graduation be virtual, like I attend class virtually. But uh well I have like a virtual graduation and part of me is just like that's not a big deal. But then I'm like uh I mean I spent I spent a fortune and so much of my time, like I better get something, I better get some sort of presentation, but now I'm like yeah no it's definitely not happening. Especially
SPEAKER_R: Are you serious?
SPEAKER_L: if. What was that?
SPEAKER_R: When are you supposed to graduate this fall or?
SPEAKER_L: No, I graduate in um april of next year.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, Okay. So, I mean maybe,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But it's
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: also like I live you know I live in Washington and I go to school in you know in my school is in new york city so two of some of the places that have like the some of the strictest uh like sheltering in place orders because actually the where they had the first like the big outbreak in over here was right next to the hospital, where I go for like my primary care, so like if you like yep I I just there is there is no well maybe maybe but and being cautiously optimistic about it, What are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm studying business in Nikon, so I'm hoping well for economics after I graduate, that's the plan getting at this point.
SPEAKER_L: very cool.
SPEAKER_R: Are you like a harry potter fan? Okay, so if he,
SPEAKER_L: are harry potter family.
SPEAKER_R: If you do make it to New York City um for your graduation and you decided to go see like cursed child on Broadway? Like, so they do like every Friday before, before that week's performance, I think either a week before or two weeks before they released 40 tickets for each performance. Um and they're like some of the best seats in the house and they're like $20 a ticket, like super, super cheap is
SPEAKER_L: Ooh
SPEAKER_R: totally random. So you just like, you you on the website, I'll show you like when the next release date for all the tickets are dropped and if you're on there and they'll bring those, like, like so many people to like choose out their tickets. So I try to do it when my mom went to London and we weren't successful, we still managed to find some reasonably priced tickets. But if you do want to go and you have enough time to plan ahead, you should totally try to get some of those tickets because they're really, really cheap and like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: some of the best. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: ooh I gotta I gotta check that out, I was in new york a few years ago and I loved it, I saw
SPEAKER_R: But mhm
SPEAKER_L: what they see. Wicked. Yeah, that's what I saw. Oh, so good, so good. But
SPEAKER_R: I really like plays and, and musicals. Yeah, it's so good. And it decided to go see it. Surely try to that
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like
SPEAKER_R: really good play.
SPEAKER_L: my, my husband's nickname that when we first moved up here, people kept calling him Hogwarts because because he, I mean he kind of like, he looks like harry potter, he's just like kind of a dorky looking white dude with glasses. So uh but he's like, he's obsessed with harry potter. He actually used to uh when the books were like reading released, he would dress up like harry potter and he would go like read to kids that like, you know, borders or Barnes and noble at like the midnight showing, so mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think I was just starting to read them as like the later books came out with my dad used to go to all the earlier books than midnight premiers. He's always like, yeah, I was like A 30 year old dude surrounded by all these Children. I'm sure like a few moms were like, stay away from
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: the door.
SPEAKER_L: what are, what are you doing here sir?
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: What are
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: your intentions?
SPEAKER_R: enjoy these books. Yeah. What are your intentions? Yes, that's right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I do probably, I have like super enjoyed talking to you but I guess
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: it has.
SPEAKER_L: as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done this before like six months ago and the conversation was not nearly as like blew it as it is now. So
SPEAKER_L: Well I am glad for for that experience. I was like I'm not going to talk to someone. And it's gonna be like some of my therapy sessions where I'm just like so tell me how things are going there like fine. And I'm like okay, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: thank you for being such a good conversation partner and being so engaging.
SPEAKER_R: I really enjoyed it was interesting. I feel like I learned a lot about you.
SPEAKER_L: Go. I mean same with you. It was like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Lots of good travel tips to get things to think about if I ever travelled to Japan or china.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And now I know a good place how to get some good, good cheap tickets, decent tickets.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I need, I feel like I tell people that like, I feel like I have this information that I need to share with people about. I want to take its workers child play.
SPEAKER_L: Well you you've shared it? You spread the good news? Yes. Alright,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Um I this is my first time doing this. So like I think after this I just fill out there's like a survey or something. Is that all I do
SPEAKER_R: I think this takes 30 minutes but I bet it won't take that long.
SPEAKER_L: letter Cool. Um I just realised I don't think I ever got your name.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did think that second ago. Yeah. I don't think I forgot your name either. My name's Hailey
SPEAKER_L: Haley, Nice to meet you. I'm Christina.
SPEAKER_R: Christina and I saved you too.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Like yeah, I think I told you about cats names before my own name, so like.
SPEAKER_R: That's not over right.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well um Haley. It was fantastic talking to you, good luck with school and I you know
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: enjoy
SPEAKER_R: we gave
SPEAKER_L: your summer.
SPEAKER_R: researchers plenty of content to review, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I forgot this was recorded. So they get to
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like they never stopped talking.
SPEAKER_L: they're like oh there goes Christina again with moving your hand about.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. We are talking about meditation. They ended on chris childs on broadway like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah cool. What insights does this time? I'm curious like what what they're actually researching? You hear that researchers?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did we fulfill your quota? What you expected, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes. How are we going to show up in your data?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I hope our conversations like specifically cited in their research, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I hope so too. I wonder what kind of like oh conversation partner a said this and conversation partner be talked to talked about harry potter and the cursed child like. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Well I really hope you get to go to new york and have your in person graduation. That would be
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: That's really exciting stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I I hope you get to have your own person graduation as well because like that's such a big part of like finishing off that undergrad in college. Like so I hope you get that and good luck to your future studies. Future travel with mom. Hopefully in some cool country like china.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hope you and your husband have lots of funny stories. You guys just sound like a like a sitcom in the making. Like I feel like getting like write a book about together or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, maybe. Maybe we will. Maybe we will.
SPEAKER_R: how did that become best friends? You know like Romeo and Juliet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, except without the like suicide pact part.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. With a lot more emotional maturity evolved. That's what you're doing. So okay, well have a great day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you too take it easy.