Yeah
you hear me
okay Cool. Um Hi
that's a oh that's a bummer, you're like cool you're just probably
sitting there. Yeah.
this one. God okay so um I I used to work out, I worked at Starbucks for like 10 years and when I was a barista back in Portland I live in Seattle now but when I was in Portland um one of my regular customers was named bob and bob was someone living with um schizophrenia, paranoid schizophrenia and I'm here had to um undergo um as part of his um conditions of living in this assisted housing was to go through therapy and he did art therapy and he found out he had like a natural talent and so he started making all these paintings and he started showing them in galleries and it was like amazing to see someone like really transform their lives and he was someone that was in every single day in my store and um my husband and I actually met at Starbucks. We work together and we bought yeah we bought a bunch of his painting so like this is one of them and I have another one in my house. Um he passed away a couple of years ago but like they're such like there's so there's such weird but I I love it, I love
him.
and that's and that's actually it's interesting because that's he would paint and that was they were inspired by um you know his his view of the world is different than other people not living with mental health conditions. You know he was there was a lot of emotionality in his work and so sometimes they were kind of like this one you know, he this is like an emotion of feeling like there's a lot of sadness in this and a lot of thought and calmness and that's why you know, this kind of conveyed in his paintings. And I think Van Gogh did kind of the same thing because mango struggled with depression and you can see that in some of his self portraits of that kind of melancholy. So
Oh I think that's just his neck. Yeah, but I was like that like you can't really see it, but the paintings are really like textured,
like it's like the paint on there is like really thick,
so.
Yeah, because there's no opportunities because people see like folks living with schizophrenia as like damaged and dangerous when really it's like it's not their faults, like they just there their brain works differently. So how can how can we help them like find something positive, you know, productive. So.
Yeah.
We we worked together for a year, we hated each other. Um We have very different styles, so like I I'm actually a graduate student um in social work and I'm I'm a counselor and so I'm very, so much someone who's like in touch with their emotions, loves talking about like mental health and really empathizing with people. And he's a computer programmer. So he's very much like at work, he was always like, I'm not your friend, I'm your boss, like he's very like, whereas I like to talk about it. Uh So we we clashed. Um But he actually, I was having like a really crappy week and I remember distinctly it was like about a year after I started working there, I was having a really crappy week, everything went wrong, the car broke down, my phone broke, like I had worked like nine days in a row and I was exhausted and I was just like so upset and he's just in the back, I'm like in the back room just like I hate life, and he just like comes back and he's just like you need a hug and I'm like yeah and I'm like why is he hugging me? I hate this guy. And then uh he was just like hey do you wanna get a beer after work? And I'm just like okay
and then I show up and then like we get to talking and we're like oh you're actually not half bad, like you're actually a cool person. And then we from then on we're like okay I guess I guess we're like dating and then Yeah and then this this August will be our 10-year wedding anniversary. So
yeah. It was a mutual hatred. It was more like I kind of nothing to him. I thought he was like a total square and I'm just like oh this guy, and he was just like, she's so immature, she's such a like such a hippy dippy, like not responsible, and we realized we're like we kind of saw each other as like caricatures of humans and not actual people. But
I
know like one of the things that started off is like there was someone I was actually seeing at the time, not like date, like we were like dating but we weren't like serious, but I got like text message dumped uh that I think the day before, and it was like we were going to go to a concert and I was like, hey you want to meet up for dinner before the concert, and he was just like oh I'm actually taking a different person, and I'm like not many, just like no, he's like um I don't think this is gonna work out like over text and I was just like nothing in life is going cry where so um so yeah like all of that, that shit that happens, they're depite hisley like culminated together and created the right moment for that's too like finally be like, oh you know, actually like you as a person actually good person. Although
I mean there's still those things still like drive each other, like both of us going to kind of crazy, like I'm, you know, someone who very much wants to like talk things out and I like to be like very organized and planned and you know, I also was an educator for a while and so like very much planning mode and he's more like detailed like nitty gritty and just drives me crazy.
That's
I know right? It's being
young person in Portland I guess.
Oh no it did.
Okay. Um Yeah because my my screen is showing up on like I see my screen, I'm not sure.
Oh okay. I don't know what I can do to uh to fix it but I guess yeah, I'll try playing around with it but go well. So
now now that I've shared you like essentially a third of my life, I'm uh Okay. Let me see if this
works
Oh thank you. Thank you.
Uh No, I actually worked for a nonprofit.
I'm
Oh yeah, okay. Cool. Um Yeah I work for a nonprofit called Southwest Youth and Family Services. So we, I mean we get funding from Seattle from the city of Seattle city of Durian, from the county, from the state. Um But we also get funding from like United Way, another like non profits of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Um, and we just provide kind of a variety of services. So I work in a department called New Futures and what we do is we kind of provide what's called wrap around services. So you know, kind of whatever families need, whether it's, they need access to money to help pay rent, whether it's food, whether it's um documentation to help with like immigration legal services. We kind of provide a little bit of everything. Um, and I mainly work with um, kids and teens, um, and doing counseling, um, running summer programming. So I also like kind of like a camp counselor slash after school tutor. Um, and starting next week I'm running a mindfulness class for teens. So I'm going to teach kids all about like mindfulness and meditation and self care and all of that.
What um, what got you interested in meditation?
Yeah it's always cool to see like what kind of draws people into different reasons for for practice. Some of its like curiosity, some of it you see like you know you have a need in your life, you're like I like that decluttering that focusing instead of having this like chaos and like having all this different directional focus, it sounds like you're like I just need to make things easier and simpler and de clutter by physical space as well as my mental space. Uh So uh like have you been able to like kind of cultivate like a practice? Like is there any meditations that you do like on your own or that you follow?
I
Yeah I mean that sounds like like that's that's all mindfulness is just uh like some for some people it's like really helpful to tie into religious practices like so as soon as I work with like their um their catholic and so mindfulness you know connecting it with prayer, it's something that's familiar so it doesn't feel so woo like what what is it like I often hear from my students, what is this white people nonsense? Um it's like I get it, but I but yeah it sounds like you're like you're finding what works for you and just focusing on like your breath and those sorts of things like that's I mean that's formalized practice as a way of like doing you know setting that intention, sitting in your space, whatever that is. That's cool, that's cool. Um
Well
Yeah I think it's something that, I mean meditation is a practice that is like you know we know of like that the meditation that we often practice in like mindfulness is has its roots in daoism and buddhism but in other ways it's kind of manifested in other you know other faiths like like I mentioned with prayer um you know having your conversation with your higher power, you are you know focusing that intention, you know? So there's some little bits and pieces of it. I'm but yeah it's kind of, it's curious to to see like how people conduct with it because you're like oh you know mindfulness is something like when they've done like these like medical studies about how mindfulness like changes the brain, it's like oh there's you know if it has such a profound effect on the brain and it's you know maybe there's some roots in it that we've always had, we just haven't discovered it, you know what I mean? Like we've lost this art of like you know focusing and clearing your mind and
being
present.
Yeah. Yeah. I would think of like, I don't know if you watched star trek but
um like part of like like the world of Star Trek is that um like essentially they've gotten rid of like currency. Like they've gotten rid of money and like working for like profit if I recall. So it's like you essentially are just working because like it's something that you're just driven to do and you want to contribute to society Because like I mean they have these like um uh you know like food, you don't have to like cook food anymore. You just press this button. It's like like manifests
and so I wonder if like that's part of you know being in the future like well you know, we, we don't have to focus so much on this like striving and doing and and getting shit done, like we can actually focus on like well we already we don't have these like wants and needs and striving so we can just focus on like being a part of something, being our best selves and yeah, I would if they'll look back and be like, oh man, those fools with, you know, what would they do without their Alexa?
That
You
were
I think it's yeah, that is an interesting perspective of like what future tech will will do for people um Because like, you know, I I used to be a debate team so that was something we talked about is like, you know when the more you automate stuff like it can possibly eliminate jobs, but when you also think about it, like think about like 100 years ago when we started incorporating machinery into like doing mass production, you know, people were like, oh my God, we're like, you know, we're not going to have people be able to craft anymore. And it's like no we didn't, like we just found new ways of like new types of jobs to create what I mean, like for crying out loud, there was someone's job that was just to like wake people up there just like go and knock on door, like, you know, they have these like, they would like these big long sticks that were just like whack a window and be like, hey, wake up and so you know, like my sort of perspective is like there's always going to be new opportunities because I think people just inherently what to, I mean it's part of that same drive of like striving, like people want to do something to feel fulfilled, like people want to be wanted and so whether that's like you know even when even I think when we're feeling like lazy and we're like all I want to do is play video games, but it's like there's a satisfaction in accomplishing something
in that drive and so you know that's just like my hippy dippy, a way of thinking of like not going crazy, I think the world this is like burning down.
Yeah. Yeah, so in some ways you you just kind of shift, shift the jobs, so instead of focusing on like one thing, you're focusing on providing and sustaining that sort of infrastructure. Sorry, I'm distracted by my cats, I don't know what he has in his mouth but probably nothing good
have to. They're brother and sister. Yeah.
Princess
Princess and Oliver.
But yes, it's a it's a juicy movie um I can't remember. I like I think Oliver was the dog.
Yes, that's what it was. That's what it was. Yeah. I Oh man, it's been a while since I have seen that movie. I just remember, I think the voice of the dog was billy Joel. That's all I that's all I remember. Mhm.
they will. Oh they love it. They
love it. They they're they're very like sociable. They uh you know like I like right now I'm in like my little like nook area or I got you know, I got my board games on my couch, I got my window, that's where I do my homework and I do writing my papers and planning and stuff like that and they just like lounge right next to me like the whole day. Like they'll just they're just so excited that they could just like sleep on top of me most of the day. I'm instead of like, before, when, you know, I was out of the house and then my husband was out of the house. So they were like, they have each other. But the fact that we're both home all the time through like sweet, I can bug you all day for treats and food and a tagine. So I have to keep like treats nearby and the laser pointer because otherwise they're just like, now they're spoiled. So
like,
Yeah, whenever, whenever that happens, like that's probably like some distance future type check. Uh, how was, uh, how was Arkansas like handling covid and, and all of that?
you, ah, do you see a lot of people were in masks and like maintaining like social distancing?
Yeah. That's good. Yeah. It's worrisome when you see places on the news that are like loosening up the restrictions and then you see the spike in cases and it's just like, God, be careful. Like my, uh, my father in law and his wife just moved down to Arizona and Arizona's had like a huge spike in cases. So we're like, please make sure you wear your mask, please be careful going to the store because like you guys are at risk like
old
people please.
I think a lot of grocery stores have that. Like, I know walmart has it, we have um, over here we have uh fred Meyer and fred Meyer is kind of like a walmart. Um, but it's local. It's just, I think it's like in Washington Oregon and Idaho and they have the same thing. It's like Tuesday morning from like 6 to 7. It's just like over 65, good job. So yeah, I think that's but you know, then uh I think that actually works because that's typically like knowing all like the older people in my life. Like that's they're like, oh yeah, I'm already up by that time and going to going to the grocery store. I'm like me when I'm like, no, I'm still asleep. You
can have that time.
If anything, you could tie it back into your mindfulness of like, and instead of giving all these options for when to go to the store, just whenever willy nilly you, you can be intentional about your time. Be like, okay, well, I know I have a finite amount of time. So that way I can better structure my day and declutter it from having all this freedom of whenever so I can go to walmart before that
time.
I always, I always thought that about like whenever I wrote like papers for school, when when professors or teachers were like, like here's a general topic just right, like 8 to 10 pages about whatever. And I would like stress me out because I'm like about whatever, like just just pick a, pick a topic like no, I can't, I can't have that because then I'm like, do I write, look how how specific do you want me to get? Like I I think sometimes that having that freedom can just mean, you know, just like, okay, where where do I stop? Do I just keep like how do I, how do I get this? And sometimes that like, you know, rules don't necessarily create limitations. It just gives like structure, just like gives that organization as I, sorry, I talk a lot with my hands,
it's
my, my family is italian. So I just grew up like constantly like this, I have
to
learn
to this. What was that
someday? Um I have all of my family lives um my mom's side, they live in like a small mountainside town outside of Rome Arm And we were actually hoping to go there this year for our 10-year wedding anniversary, but
I'm, we're gonna hang out in our backyard for your anniversary. Um
Yeah, hopefully, hopefully some someday. Have you ever been anywhere in europe or overseas?
Yeah, it's so, it's so interesting like I was over a couple years ago in my husband's family is Luxembourg ish. So the small, tiny country in between like Germany France and Belgium, everyone like, no one has any idea what this country is there, Like is it germane and like, no, they're very like, it's a very distinct country and you don't call them Germans because they'll get very angry. Um but remember going, going over there and it's just so weird to see like, you know, you see the ramparts and you see all these castles and structures that are like so old and you think like the oldest thing is like where I live is probably like make, I don't even know, maybe like if you go out, you know, there's like a farmhouse or a schoolhouse, like out out like 30 miles out that's like You know, standing from the 20s. But everything is new. So it's so weird to see all this like old old history. That's why um
yeah, it's, it's unreal. I went a few years ago, I went to um went to Japan uh for about three weeks and I remember going to um this like uh, it's called an onsen and onset like um uh, those natural spring baths um are really big in Japan, like hot springs. Um And so there was, there was this um, like hotel that was, you know, you would go and you stay at the hotel and uh, you'd go bathe in the hot springs. But this hotel had essentially been around since like 980. And like, I can't even like, I'm, I'm just like, it has been owned by the same family
and, and it's like, I can't, I can't even fathom like your brain can, like, when you think about like, when something is like a tradition or family business, you're like, oh yeah, it goes back like two or three generations. Whereas over there, it's like,
I don't know how many would that be like 10, 15 generations, that's just before, like any type of modernity. It's so, it's so wild to think about,
but
right. Like that, that amount of pressure is huge to like continue on with the family businesses. Like, look, we're, we have a Wikipedia page about the, how long our business has been around. Don't screw this up. It's
just,
it looks like a Disney movie. Like your fate has been sealed. Like you need to continue on with the family destiny. Yeah.
And you're like,
I just want to be a twitch streamer.
And then at the end they come together and they find a way of like carrying on the tradition by combining like the new and the old and the family all hug it out like Yeah. Uh
it's
totally
a Disney movie.
Yeah, like I'm just gonna, I've heard that's actually fairly common in Japan of um adopting like at older ages so that they can kind of continue on with these sorts of traditions of keeping something like in, in the family.
Thank
that was, that was a cool if you had to visit like Eddie anyplace in the world, where would you go? Like say for instance, you had like you had a good budget and quarantine restrictions are all free and you just have like, you know, a ticket to somewhere. Where would you go?
Good
point.
I mean that's a good point because I think, you know, there's different, different, you know, whether you travel solo travel by, you know, travel with family, there's different restrictions. So like where would you go if you just went solo dolo versus like with friends or with family?
china is another world. Um We had layovers in china and um granted we were in Shenzhen and Shenzhen is, it's close to Beijing, but it's, it's like another populist populated city. Um but we were kind of uh, I mean this show is kind of our Western focus, but we were surprised at kind of the lack of english speakers because it was a major, it was still a major city. Um like No one We met spoke English except like, like a hotel, like the people at the hotel, that was it, no one spoke a lick of english. Um and we made the mistake of getting driving directions to the hotel to show our taxi driver we didn't get them in mandarin, so that was um that was a struggle. Uh, whereas when we were in japan, like announcements at the train stations were all in english and japanese, everywhere you went, everything was in english and Japanese. If you went out, like we stayed at a buddhist temple um
for one night and like they spoke very little english but they were very patient. Like I think it was, you know like if you're, if you're out like a countryside it seems to be like people are a little more like life moves a little more slowly, they're they're a little more amenable to people just like relaxing and like accepting of their culture. Whereas like being in a big city in china and you don't know mandarin, they have no time for you, they're they're like they have no patients and um so yeah, I think like china china would be cool. But yeah, it's a like a another world, it feels like.
Yeah, I think Russia might be a little bit better in like the major cities in terms of english speakers, I think that's what I've heard. But yeah Russia would be cool. How are you? Like a similar traveler to your, your mom? Do you both have like the same sort of interest in places to visit and same sort of speed pace?
that's
Well
no,
we're so when we travel were very different, were very different. He is very much a uh he he and his mom are similar in how they travel to, they're both super easy going when we're in Luxembourg. Like you know, you know this from being in spain on sunday everything's closed, you're just supposed to take your siesta, you're just supposed to relax and chill. Um I did not like that. I am someone who when, when we travel, I have an excel spreadsheet of where we're going. I have maps, I have very much I plan and I research um I just like to be prepared and so when we went to Japan I made sure that I was kind of like the person in charge and I think at some point I would like try and ease up. But no, we're very different speeds and so sometimes we have to like even plan how we're both going to handle that beforehand. So it
might be, I think at one point I was, because we were there for my birthday, he was like, what you want to do for your birthday? And I was like for my birthday, I don't want to play in Jack. Yeah, I want you to just take over. He was just like, well I don't know where to go and I'm like, I to take that burden away from me because like, you know, this is, this is how we're going to try and combine it. And so he just like, okay, let's just walk around. So he's totally cool with like going to museums and just walking and whereas I, and I think it's from like both of my parents, well, mainly my dad, but he was the type to like when we go to Disneyland, get up at six a.m. Make sure we have our breakfast, make sure we do this, make sure we do this. And that's also a doctor. He like he's a surgeon, so he gets up super early, Does this very regimented. Uh And that's that's me when I travel, although we were to husband, I went to Hawaii and I think that was like the one time we both were able to like seamlessly combine our styles of like okay, I will help play in where to get our snorkels and you know where to get picked up our rental car and where to do this and this. But you know in Hawaii you can just, it's island time. You just go and your snorkel and you sit on the beach and then maybe go on a hike and then maybe it's some pok and and it's just that so yeah, we have to find places or be with other people to like there
are times and I'm just like, yeah, we're like, I might take a person who is like, okay, you are someone who is like doo doo doo goo goo go. So you're coming with me, we're gonna go do stuff and and Michael, you can go take, you could go take a nap in the sun. Yeah.
So yeah,
mm I don't know. Maybe I'll maybe I'll try and Well, so that's another thing is that, so my husband is a dual citizen. Um so he's in the process of getting his passport from Luxembourg, so he'll have two passports. Um So he'll have less time to be able to, you know he has more options because you can you can just pick which passport to use and fill up whereas I don't have that. I don't know, maybe I'll be like can I just keep it and put it in a scrapbook?
Okay, I lost it.
They're like this is this interesting pattern like always a month before your passport is, do you call I say it's gone.
It's like how many what is going on if there's a fire every like you
stay
away from flammable materials.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like uh when I got uh I think it was I I noticed when I got married I had to get I had to get new um Social Security card because I had my my married name on it. And um I remember like kind of going through the whole process because you know, you don't really go to the Social security office very often in your life. Uh but I remember them explained to me that like there you can only replace your Social security card seven times in your life. And I, part of me was just like, What happens after the 7th time? Do you? They just go nope top
I
yes, sorry you are, you're like that that one guy in that, that tom Hanks movie where he was trapped in the airport for like years. That's you go live in an airport.
Yeah. Yeah. Canada will take you in. Canada will take in anyone. They're just like, we're
just
Yeah. Yeah, like going into Canada ain't too hard. The border guards on the Canadian side are supervised were about maybe like 2.5 hours from the Canadian border. So like Canadian the Canadian um uh border security is like pretty chill. But when you come back around the american border security are like man, they will. Uh my husband came back from a work trip in Bc. And uh I kept joking about because over there they have I've never had them before, but gooseberries are apparently really delicious. Yeah,
I know, but apparently they're not allowed, you can't bring them into the United States. So we rule about like importing fruit. Like
rehab
the fucking bury, who knows?
Yeah. So
like
I get it. But it's also like I just want him to go to the grocery store, like a bag of grapes, but a bag of gooseberries. I just want to give it a try. And so I kept joking, I was texting and I'm like, bring me back some berries and he is someone who is just like, I don't I can't do that, I can't like that's illegal and I'm just like okay. But apparently um like they when they were at the at the border they were stopped in, their car was completely like searched and then the car by car next to him was like stopped in search and I guess people were arrested for like, who knows what they brought over? So he's just like, see that's why you don't take gooseberries into the U. S. And I'm just like,
I
get it.
Yeah, it reminds me of um Willy Wonka, like the snow's berries taste like snow's berries, like it sounds like a made up fruit. Like why is it called a gooseberry? Like does it look like a goose? Because it tastes like goose? Is it eaten by peace?
Okay. Why the name?
I love that. I like that sort of like, it's almost like a like a mythological tale. Um That's I you know, I'm just gonna put that into my my knowledge and just be just tell people that I like that story of gooseberries.
and geese were like you must name it after us or we will continue to ravage the gooseberry or this very population, so you must name it in our honor. So
to
honor our strength and prowess.
Well those birds are big and scary like
uh why why Australia is full of nothing but scary creature, scary alien animals. Right?
But
cheers
The Great Emu War of like 1779. Mhm. Uh huh.
What? That is is bonkers. Um Oh so this is like recent, this
is
it?
So
like they're like Art Emma's, you win, you can create your own
constitutional
monarchy. I don't know what they tried, what were they?
I love that. They they should like make a movie about it or or something about it. That would that would be great. Mhm
Hugh
Jackman, Yes.
Yeah, or like there is um there's this movie is about a true story called the Something in the Darkness, but it's a val Kilmer and Michael Douglas and it's about this like pride of lions that just starts like murdering people and just take like wiping out whole villages when they have to go in and like hunt these lions down some something in the darkness rationally. But yeah, it reminds me if they did something like that, make it like super dramatic, super serious, almost like a thriller.
But
the movie is called The Ghost in the Darkness. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it came out in like 96. Mhm. It's not bad. It's got a it's got a good story.
that, that, that sounds cute and dramatic.
Oh my gosh, Have you seen Milo and Otis?
I know. Because like how can you not bring up uh animals just walking around?
Yes. I distinctly remember when the pit bull gets all the porcupine quills and, and I think that's like animal control, like picks them up and they have to like rescue him. It wasn't the cat and I think the cow was named like sassy or something.
No,
but I think, I remember one of the dogs was voiced by Michael J Fox, I think. Who
knows?
Chase.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean they were like heartwarming um Yes. Chance.
Chance.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure my mom has like um like the old VHS that had like that plastic clamshell e loud ass big like all the Disney movies came in. Yeah,
I'm pretty sure she has those that joseph VHS player In like my old room. Like it's like a time capsule of like 2003 or something.
Like because Disney was weird about like releasing like, it's like for like the longest time, you just have to wait till they released it from the vault.
Yeah. Yeah. I think that's why my mom kept the VHS is also because, you know, she's, that seems like just such a mom slash grandma thing to do is just like keep things for kids, for grand babies. You know, the kids will love this. Like mom, you can, you don't need to hold on to everything. They might like that someday. They might like Babe Pig in the city. Big what is it Babe? Two pig in the city or something.
And
what?
Oh my gosh. Yeah my mom still has. I remember when my parents bought us uh a it was like a stereo system that had like a five disc changer in it that you know hold five cds or something. Yeah and it had like the two cassettes so you can like record stuff off. Like you can essentially record from the from cds or or the radio. Um But my mom still has that like
that's
still how she
she listens to the radio. She doesn't listen to like Pandora or Spotify. She listens to the radio on this like Nearly 30 year old stereo in her office. She was like why do I need to buy a new one? This thing this thing works fine. I can't
figure
out my computer.
It's
like it's like this big you know? So like I don't know, a few feet wide tall. If yeah
sizable like.
Yeah but like that's like furniture, what it was like spurt like things in your house. Like it wasn't all about downsizing. Like it was like a it was like this huge massive conversation piece. Like my grandma had this giant um It oh my gosh how to explain it. But it was um it was a stereo but it was like had like carved wood and speakers. Like you've probably seen these from like the sixties and the seventies and then you open up the top and it was a record player and it also had like an eight track like plug in thing. But it was massive and it had great sound but it like was the size of like a dining room table and I had like two giant speakers and it was like, you know, and it had, you know of course pictures on it and like fake flowers and all that sort of stuff. Like it was just like centerpiece and oh, I couldn't imagine that. I, I remember when my mom was trying to clean furniture, she asked me if uh when we bought a house, she was like, hey, do you want to take my china cabinet? And I'm just like, why? Like the like china hutches are essentially giant, like would display cases for like chop skis and knickknacks and oh, you know, there's like weird plates that you put on like the little stands that yeah, like great. You know, great aunt Myrtle of my mom was like, do you want this from? Like why? Why would I? She was like, I don't know, maybe you want to display things like what, like it also weighs like £1000. Where am I gonna put it? What am I gonna do with it?
I have uh like two sets of, of china, one is like all Christmas China and one is just like just fancy, you know, like fancy china. Um But like the christmas, when I remember you had a christmas party here and I was like apprehensive about using it because I'm just like, I don't want to do one to break something, and my mom is just like, we'll just set the table and I was like, but we have like, we're going to be like hanging out and like sitting around, you know, playing board games and all that sort of stuff. Like mom, I don't want I want something durable, I don't want something like if it breaks, I'm just like, oh God, like there's this there's there. I think that's such a generational thing of like I'm totally cool with IKEA furniture, you know like if I need to replace it a few years I'll replace it where she's just like I want to pass on this ancient writing desk, that was your great grandfather's and I'm just like no I got cats, they're gonna they're gonna tear that shit up, I'm not even
wife
and
bother.
Oh parents.
Mhm,
wow.
I just noticed we've been chatting for like almost a full hour.
No I actually like I had my last final for this week and I turned in my last paper um and now I'm just doing all of my prep work for my like the summer program which starts next week. But I've been doing that and then watching unsolved mysteries on netflix.
It's
so good. It's so
good.
That's
like that's one of the reasons like I like the original and self mysteries. Like a girl of watching. Like I actually got my my my Bachelor's is in criminology. Like I loved true crime so much. Like I went to school for it um because I loved true crime books, I loved unsolved mysteries and all that sort of stuff. Uh And you know, even though I'm not really involved in that stuff anymore, I still like it's what I like, it's what I like to watch, like I'll fall asleep to that sort of stuff. And it was like uh it's just like and then they found the body in the well and I'm just like,
it's
just
like
like how and I'm like it's not that scary and I'm like ghosts and demons and vampires and all that stuff that scares me. But like a serial killer like or even someone like a more likely thing, I'm just like that's fine.
But vampires,
you know.
Probably
a safe thing.
But then you're just like, let me look at the crime data in my city. Let me look at the crime blotter. Let me look at the sex offender registry and see how close like then your sex offender is to my house
peter.
That's what
But
but
maybe from watching all these shows, you're just like, okay, if something happens, I get kidnapped I can leave little trails of stuff where to give them hints. Like like in the moment where I'm being snatched I'll be like, oh maybe I'll quite type a quick message on my phone just saying I got kidnapped. Look for a white van.
Yeah. They actually they have it now in almost all modern cars. Um There are emergency switches to open up the trunk.
I don't know what I'm like,
it's
dark.
I don't know where shit is. We'll probably just be like, okay, now we're now we're going to knock you out because you're causing too much of a ruckus.
yeah. And you're like, okay, maybe I can get out of here and you're just like your heads out and you're like, nope, now, this is
just
awkward.
huh.
They're
like,
yeah, like you were just adding on to the chart to the criminal charges were having to face. Not cool. Stop it. Yeah.
Yeah, I can't plan for that. That's too much work. Yeah.
Well, I'm glad you get to enjoy it and spook yourself out. Amazing. I remember watching it as like a young kid and clearly like it was not appropriate for like, you know, an eight year old to watch. But my parents were like, what are you watching? And like turn the channel like rugrats, snapping nickelodeons and they changed the channel back.
I never I like, I I think I was a little too. I was older and I like I didn't get into the eu but I remember watching Kyle you with like, when I would babysit and I would always be like, why does he have no hair? What is the deal?
Yeah. Or as like, is he just like a giant child baby? Like, I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, maybe. Oh.
With the tummy. Yeah.
Yeah. And then the with the sun had like a baby face or like the son was a baby.
Yeah. Like they did a lot of like weird baby talk in it. Thank, I don't think they actually used words to communicate. They just really uh like is this for Children? Is this for like newborns? Who is this? Who is there
like
demographic?
Yes. Indeed. So you're done with um school for for this school year?
No.
Yeah. My uh some of the high school is like in the program, they had to do like a virtual graduation. And it's like I felt so I felt so bad for we and we did a thing where we all got in our cars like because we went after school programs. So all of us like all the teachers like went around to every student, we decorated our cars that we like played music and we did like a drive up graduation. But at the same time I was like, this isn't the same. This sucks. Yeah. And people are like, oh well there's people dying and people are, all these kids are worried about, you know, not having an in person graduation or in person problem. And I'm like, those are huge like milestones in in young people's lives. Like I think it's entirely appropriate for them to be like bummed out to not go to like a physical graduation. Like
that
Yeah. Yeah. It can make it hard to like kind of transition and move on to whatever that next step is like um Yeah,
I graduate um from my program, I'm actually in an online program because I go to school in new york city. Um I go to Fordham, but I live in Seattle. Um
But
yeah, but I chose the program because like they have um like they've been so involved in social work for for so long. Um like they've had like a social work program since like they essentially since social work as a like degree could, like it's one of the oldest programs in the US, but I'm like that's one of the things that I didn't even consider is that like, like, oh you know, well my will my graduation be virtual, like I attend class virtually. But uh well I have like a virtual graduation and part of me is just like that's not a big deal. But then I'm like uh I mean I spent I spent a fortune and so much of my time, like I better get something, I better get some sort of presentation, but now I'm like yeah no it's definitely not happening. Especially
if. What was that?
No, I graduate in um april of next year.
Yeah. But it's
also like I live you know I live in Washington and I go to school in you know in my school is in new york city so two of some of the places that have like the some of the strictest uh like sheltering in place orders because actually the where they had the first like the big outbreak in over here was right next to the hospital, where I go for like my primary care, so like if you like yep I I just there is there is no well maybe maybe but and being cautiously optimistic about it, What are you studying?
very cool.
are harry potter family.
Ooh
that's
ooh I gotta I gotta check that out, I was in new york a few years ago and I loved it, I saw
what they see. Wicked. Yeah, that's what I saw. Oh, so good, so good. But
And I'm like
my, my husband's nickname that when we first moved up here, people kept calling him Hogwarts because because he, I mean he kind of like, he looks like harry potter, he's just like kind of a dorky looking white dude with glasses. So uh but he's like, he's obsessed with harry potter. He actually used to uh when the books were like reading released, he would dress up like harry potter and he would go like read to kids that like, you know, borders or Barnes and noble at like the midnight showing, so mhm.
Like
what are, what are you doing here sir?
What are
your intentions?
mm
hmm.
You
as well.
Well I am glad for for that experience. I was like I'm not going to talk to someone. And it's gonna be like some of my therapy sessions where I'm just like so tell me how things are going there like fine. And I'm like okay, so
thank you for being such a good conversation partner and being so engaging.
Go. I mean same with you. It was like
yeah. And now I know a good place how to get some good, good cheap tickets, decent tickets.
Well you you've shared it? You spread the good news? Yes. Alright,
cool. Um I this is my first time doing this. So like I think after this I just fill out there's like a survey or something. Is that all I do
letter Cool. Um I just realised I don't think I ever got your name.
Haley, Nice to meet you. I'm Christina.
All right. Like yeah, I think I told you about cats names before my own name, so like.
All right, well um Haley. It was fantastic talking to you, good luck with school and I you know
enjoy
your summer.
Oh yeah, I forgot this was recorded. So they get to
like
they're like oh there goes Christina again with moving your hand about.
Yeah cool. What insights does this time? I'm curious like what what they're actually researching? You hear that researchers?
Yes, yes. How are we going to show up in your data?
I hope so too. I wonder what kind of like oh conversation partner a said this and conversation partner be talked to talked about harry potter and the cursed child like. Uh
Thank you.
I I hope you get to have your own person graduation as well because like that's such a big part of like finishing off that undergrad in college. Like so I hope you get that and good luck to your future studies. Future travel with mom. Hopefully in some cool country like china.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe we will. Maybe we will.
Yeah, except without the like suicide pact part.
Yeah, you too take it easy.