Hey can you hear me? Yeah
I can. Yeah.
Hey, I'm like I'm happy someone like shut up last time. Like no one the person I was matched with like didn't come on to this. Yeah.
With
is this? I'm curious what's the painting behind you? Mhm.
It
kind of reminds me of like Van Gogh did all those like uh self portraits. It kind of reminds me a little bit of that almost a little bit.
Is it is he is he like a religious, is that is he like a monk? I wondered what the
that's
I'm
just like he kind of like was able to change his life around. I feel like all too often they don't really get quite as much of it.
So you and your husband also met a Starbucks never keep. Mhm.
It
All
So what they did he hate you too? Or was it like was it once?
And they're like so glad you had such a terrible week to like so what brought you guys
together?
Good places
like, like it's pretty through to like invite someone to go to event with you and then you like your uninvited like I can't imagine
like oh
it looks like
it looks like your your screen disappeared.
Yeah, I mean I can still hear you obviously, but
I mean I hear you so it's probably okay.
No.
It was an
interesting, you have an interesting light so I enjoyed it.
Oh they said your social worker, you so sure I live in Arkansas and we call it like the department of Human services, are you the social worker with the government?
Oh you're
backing
That's cool. He's like I just started practicing meditation like the past couple weeks and it does like you noticed a difference in like my attitude for a stand. I think I'm a little more like collected. I feel like after I do that in the morning. So
uh it's kind of multifaceted I guess. Like I have been trying to get into like minimalism so it made sense for me if I'm going to try to de clutter like the material positions I have I should maybe like try to like declutter like my mind as well. And then I'm also like super big into the T. V. So Survivor. I don't have you heard of it? But I love Survivor and like one of my favorite people who played on Survivor it's like now big and meditation. So he's been leaving leading different classes on soon. So I've been kind of joining in on those. So that's kind of like how I've gone to like the daily practice of it, right? Yeah,
Um So I'm not like super big into like the more like religious side I guess like buddhism or cow is um or anything like that, so it's not really like experience for me I guess. Um So it's more just like kind of focusing on my breath and like focusing on different parts of my physical environment and just like kind of keeping my thoughts from running a while, they're
like because I have a tendency of like I want to be thinking of what I'm gonna be doing after, I'm like after I'm done with this, I'm like okay I need to go like you know whatever, so trying to focus on the here now, it's kind of what I've been doing so far.
We were like well you
know, we didn't actually invent it, it was I don't know. I don't know. I guess like the buddha so maybe like the like the indians indians created it maybe. I don't know. I don't know where meditation like first like was coined. Huh?
But I
think
there's like so many more distractions and I think there were like 30 years ago. So I feel like it's hard to even know how like the amount of like technology and advertisements are like affecting us because you know, it's all been so recently kind of developed so it'll be interesting to you like 100 years and they're like, yeah, you know their attention span decreased by 50% you know,
a little bit.
But
I feel like that's
interesting. What about that one? I feel like whenever I think of like what things
becoming
like so automated, I think of like you see the movie like wally with like little robots and they're all like you know I can't get up off their tears site. That's that's definitely your way of thinking about it. The way more positive than like the wally version. Yeah.
for
Anything I think I remember like a paper and was talking about like there was a lot of pushback into automation like fast food industry. But you know I think it's a little bit you know I don't think he yeah he lose jobs in some industry then you make it up to others. I mean I'm sure those machines break like every other day. So then also there's a new job if someone needs to be able to fix those and that's more of a skilled labor. So your opening more skilled labor positions instead of you know instead of you know more unskilled labor positions. So.
How many? Yes.
are their
names?
This is an Oliver, that's why I love the name Oliver was there like a cartoon character? Oh no it was like all of our company. Yeah,
no I think Oliver was, Oliver was a cat and he got lost in new york city and it's accepted by this pack of dogs and. Yeah.
So are your cats happy that you've been like um spending more time at home with like so quarantining and like are they like
I did.
We're gonna
have a hard time transitioning whenever you guys are like back to whatever your normal lives looked like before this, they're gonna they're gonna be alone.
Um I think it's actually in my area like I live in the like the very northwest part of it which is like the most populated area Arkansas and it's all relative pieces Arkansas, but the most popular part of my state actually is beginning um pretty bad compared to a lot of places in the south, so a lot of their chickens are loosening up, but it does seem to be increasing the number of cases pretty pretty rapidly, so, but it hasn't.
Yeah, so I work some college students, so I'm working in the food industry over the summer and then we all wear masks as like food service employees and they have to wear a mask when they first come in, but then when they get to their tables, you know, they could take them off. I see, I think that actually is, there's been more people than usual wearing face masks and like grocery store shopping that I've seen. So I think has actually been increasing recently. I think there for a while people were tired of it. But I think with increased number of cases here, people are kind of getting back on the ball, which is good.
and what
is walmart
is what we're still doing? Like um I knew for a while they have like the first hour was like purely for people like of elderly age status and
I
so like with like walmart, so where I live is like the home office of walmart. So if you just have exclusively Walmarts pretty much they like scale back their hours. And I've heard people like kind of complaining closely like 8 30 now, but also like, I don't really mind it, like, I feel like it keeps me from running to the store like 10 o'clock, you know, I feel like it's a little bit simpler now almost because I know what to expect and I'm like, oh, Get it done by a 13, it's all good. I don't really mind it. The limited hours. Mm
And
I didn't think about that, but there's actually like, it's probably like 100% accurate. Like I think sometimes having too many options is stressful, you know, like I think sometimes that makes things worse, so. Yeah.
You get
that.
Have
you
been,
did you think you'll go to Italy someday or have you been to Italy?
No
fighting.
I've been to a couple of countries in europe. I um studied in spain last summer and I say like with a spanish family there, my mom came and met me after the program was done. So I've been to a couple but I feel like they don't really like it didn't like save my curiosity for a lot of the countries that just kind of fed into it. So I'm like, let's go to all the countries, you know?
It's honestly, I can't even comprehend like that people were walking here like 400 years ago. Like there were people here. Like I can't even comprehend the history behind some of these things.
That's crazy.
You know?
But like imagine
being born into that family and being like, I really really, really want to be like a doctor and you're like, no, you're going to take over the family business, you know?
You're
born in the family. You your destiny is already sealed your fate. Is it trying to force your ever born?
Oh
Happy.
Uh huh. It's like one of those like dramatic like diseases like but dad, that's your dream. That's not my dream.
I wouldn't say like you know my
family
is like
you're disowned, we're just going to have another kid, you know, go find someone else
the problem
solvers, you know? Yeah. Mhm
That's a good question I guess. You know it depends on who's coming with me. Is this like a solo trip or
is this
like or is this a family like?
I think if I was going solo, I think it would be cool that I heard of people like kind of doing a super big like scenic route of like Iceland and just like cards kind of going. I think that's like I think that's a pretty safe country so I probably won't be murdered. So I think it would be a good like week long or two people on trip to be about myself. I was gonna go with other people. Like I like traveling my mom a lot so I have to really like to go to Beijing. Maybe. I'm not sure that's on her list though. But if I get to go to the Beijing would be cool. I think it's such a big jump from anything. Like there's such a huge culture like difference than anything. I've been to see a little bit, little bit daunting I feel like
That's
Yeah. I think that's kind of like to hold me back is like I don't want to get there and like just be unable to communicate with them at all. Like I think I speak like a little bit of spanish like enough for like through like some, you know, purposeful hand motions and like broken spanish, I can usually get my point across. But even then it's still like a struggle to like accurately tell you what I'm trying to think and say. So I think that's what like I think Russia would be really cool to like to go to ST Petersburg, but the same kind of issue with like, I'm not sure how many english speakers are in Russia, so
I think like when we're together on trips, like I think we're really like similar minded. I think uh going to a lot of Asian countries is super intimidating to her. It feels like language barriers. So I don't think she is quite much of interesting traveling to a lot of like uh countries on that continent, but and on the trust we have in together, we are like super similar minded so that I do really enjoy traveling with her when we're on the truth. Are
you are you and
your husband? Like you guys are so different or do you guys
travel well.
That's
into groups.
You know, I think
it's going to be so hard for you when your passport expires. We did turn it in like has a little stamps in it. It's gonna be hard for you to give it back, you know?
I think
yeah. That's not having my mom. Well she actually did lose it so it's justified but she like she just said it was lost and they're like okay, no baby am. I don't think you can lose it, you know? Seven times over the course of seven years.
So lost in the fire, you know?
They're
gonna like
like identity fraud, you know? They're gonna be like, she's selling your passports, you know?
No
more for you. No longer american citizen like
You're gonna find somewhere else to live. Go be a Canadian.
And
they can make it there like it's so north. Like if they're like, well, if you can finally, he can get to Canada, you deserve to live here, you know?
Yeah.
hope you
thinking like diseases I guess.
Yeah. It's just like, there's like, there's like diseases that could carry and it can affect like the local produce. Mhm.
In
the
Mhm. That sounds
like
this sounds like something to eat. Like a Winnie the pooh book. Like that sounds like something. Let me know who eat like gooseberries.
Thank you. Yes.
Do you have like, yeah, they have like their call it Canadian geese, right? Is that what their official name is? Like Canadian geese, like the eagle. But like maybe like one year like the entire use like maybe therefore they're just like regular berries. And when you're like the entire population of berries was ravaged by use of peace and they're like, well now we're gonna call gooseberries.
A single only one gooseberry tree was left unscathed and they named it and every gooseberry has come down from that one. Was it like a tree? I don't know.
Mhm I know
like,
I know like in Australia they had like, I think they even called it like a war, it was like a work, it's like all these Amos. He's apparently there was like too many of them. And so they call out like their version of like the National Guard to like take out all these views.
They are pretty. Yeah,
let's see if I can. I'd like to look at that right now. But they killed like remember
they just like took out of like Australian movie is just too many of them.
There's snakes relax.
that's actually what's called. It's also known as the Great Emu War.
So
they
barely barely have failed from what google says and the Australian government decided to never get deploys troops against the mighty email. I
don't know how you
they're too strong I
guess for their
Apparently wasn't successful successful fight. It's unfair I guess.
listen uh he's like he was the greatest showman. He's I think he's Australian right?
Or like it's
many. I have huge Jackman lead us perfect it make it so don't make it like ironic or humorous at all. Just feel like the most. Yeah like play like a World War Two movie except they're fighting demons.
Yeah. Like mixing like a little bit like drastic park into it because you know in Mazar so scary like having
to drive away and just like a massive emails chasing after this, you know. Deep.
Right? I haven't heard that. Sounds interesting.
Remember I watched it was like I think it was like two brothers and it was like the super dramatic retelling of like these two tiger cubs who are like separated at birth and they're like they're taken in by this is like it was a super dramatic story for what was basically like people adopting tiger cubs. But I'm really really liking that when I was a kid. Yeah.
Yeah. Or like, you know like Benji movies, like five hours of watching a dog walk around a city, like the dog doesn't even talk.
I was 100% sure you're about to say my own notice. Like she's going to see my little notice
or like a Homeward bound. Did you ever watch those?
that's right. Yeah, that's right. I don't care what the dogs were called, but I used
to watch,
when
was case? I think chase thing
was and I don't remember what the older one was without. Yeah,
those fucking movies or at least I remember the big good movies.
Oh,
that's okay. That's not cheese. I think I still have those movies probably somewhere.
Mhm
I remember I was like 10 or 10 or 12. My mom sold all our VHS and I remember being so upset. You couldn't find like, you know The Little mermaid too and like, you know, Gashes London Adventure on DVD? Like those were only BHS only.
Yeah, that's so stupid. I hate that.
Uh Well, I mean,
you know the record players came back. Maybe it's one in the future of the new hip thing to do would be used to be a
chess players.
Bill Hi
Tech
four.
Is
it,
is it like massive to, is it like imagining that being pretty
big?
It's
yeah. Is it quite a space commitment?
I mean because I like the way like china looks, I don't having a child, but I like the waste a lot of them look, but like I don't want to carry it around all year so I can easy that like thanksgiving and christmas, you know?
And
then
you're
gonna tell me then I'm not going to be able to come home for christmas anymore. Mhm.
Mhm,
mm. Yeah.
Mhm.
Well that went by really fast honestly. Like I didn't even really notice it. Hopefully you didn't have anything like time sensitive you had to do.
I just, I just watched that. It's so
crazy.
It's so
good. I'm so suspicious that things are like, I've been clothing all of our like our drapes every night. He's like, I get so like suspicious. That first episode. That was insane. That's crazy. Oh
my gosh.
And they
don't know
who
did it.
I
eat what I like.
I live with my parents uh and I'm going further back to school in the fall and I'm like, maybe we should reactivate ourselves, like our security system. Like maybe we should get that going again, you know, I can mess if I watch
too much.
It messes with me. Yeah. But like maybe you should take a break, like maybe I should take a break.
I just feel like, you know like the more like I hear about these unsolved mysteries and more I'm like, you know, I was murdered, the police would never solve it. They used to be like, oh they'd be like, oh that's her father, father must have killed her kids clothes. You know like they wouldn't
ever, they
would
not yet, baby
doesn't
Yeah. Or like, you know like they used to tell you like if you like put in the back of the car to kick out a tail, like you know like I would just, if I had to kick out a tail and I feel like my ankle just like snap, you know?
Good to know. I'll just feel like is in here somewhere like
where
is
sweet.
Yeah, they like shut off back there early. I know like my first car was like a Honda accord and it had like a little, so where the back seat was. I had like a little box that you could open up and like see into the trunk. Like, like pushing that open to be like, let me out of here like,
so
this
is I got one shoulder in one shoulder out. Yeah.
Which is this okay the real quick I would like cause more damage to myself and they would ever do to me like, I feel like over the
trunk
and broken legs or like we left you then you're fine, you know?
Like I feel like I need to like leave a note for the place to be like, you know, if I ever disappear, I did not just run off with some some random dude be like, no, someone took me. I didn't just run off, you know?
So funny. Yeah. It's really messing with me though. Yeah, it's so good. I haven't I didn't watch a lot. I didn't watch all the original series, so it was like kind of new to me, but it was so good and so creepy. Mhm.
My mama, she my mom hated uh angelica off regrets. She didn't like she didn't like angelic regrets and then she didn't like chi you like she hated cut you. She thought he was so wine.
And that like for a long time I was like, maybe he's like, he has cancer. Like that's what, that's what, that's what young me thought. I was like, you must have cancer and chemo or something.
We're like, um, was it Teletubbies? The one with, Yeah. With a little television on.
I never understood that. It was such a weird show.
I feel like the kids you watch that actually regressed, like they actually went back and step in their development.
The
target
audience for this. So funny. What is our world?
Yeah. We got sent back home in March. So I've been home since then. Uh,
and then we are going back to school like in a physical classroom after thanksgiving break. So hopefully I'm really hoping they don't mess with the spring semester because that's supposed to graduate. And I would really like to have like an in person graduation. But they they're a little bit of over reactors at my school. So cautiously optimistic but also like prepared for like kind of the worst too.
I feel,
I imagine imagine it probably feels like like a little bit unlike unfinished business, like with graduations such like a physical moment, we're like, okay, I'm done. Like this is over, this chapter is closed. I wonder if like it's kind of like left kind of cracked, like not quite finished.
Mhm
About as far
from each other.
Are you serious?
When are you supposed to graduate this fall or?
Okay, Okay. So, I mean maybe,
I mean
Oh, I'm studying business in Nikon, so I'm hoping well for economics after I graduate, that's the plan getting at this point.
Are you like a harry potter fan? Okay, so if he,
If you do make it to New York City um for your graduation and you decided to go see like cursed child on Broadway? Like, so they do like every Friday before, before that week's performance, I think either a week before or two weeks before they released 40 tickets for each performance. Um and they're like some of the best seats in the house and they're like $20 a ticket, like super, super cheap is
totally random. So you just like, you you on the website, I'll show you like when the next release date for all the tickets are dropped and if you're on there and they'll bring those, like, like so many people to like choose out their tickets. So I try to do it when my mom went to London and we weren't successful, we still managed to find some reasonably priced tickets. But if you do want to go and you have enough time to plan ahead, you should totally try to get some of those tickets because they're really, really cheap and like
some of the best. Yeah.
But mhm
I really like plays and, and musicals. Yeah, it's so good. And it decided to go see it. Surely try to that
really good play.
I think I was just starting to read them as like the later books came out with my dad used to go to all the earlier books than midnight premiers. He's always like, yeah, I was like A 30 year old dude surrounded by all these Children. I'm sure like a few moms were like, stay away from
the door.
You
can
enjoy these books. Yeah. What are your intentions? Yes, that's right. Yeah.
Okay.
I guess I do probably, I have like super enjoyed talking to you but I guess
it has.
Yeah, I've done this before like six months ago and the conversation was not nearly as like blew it as it is now. So
Yeah.
I really enjoyed it was interesting. I feel like I learned a lot about you.
Mhm Lots of good travel tips to get things to think about if I ever travelled to Japan or china.
I feel like I need, I feel like I tell people that like, I feel like I have this information that I need to share with people about. I want to take its workers child play.
Yeah.
I think this takes 30 minutes but I bet it won't take that long.
Yeah, I did think that second ago. Yeah. I don't think I forgot your name either. My name's Hailey
Christina and I saved you too.
That's not over right.
I think
we gave
researchers plenty of content to review, you know?
They're
like they never stopped talking.
Yes. We are talking about meditation. They ended on chris childs on broadway like
Yeah. Did we fulfill your quota? What you expected, you know?
Yeah. Well I hope our conversations like specifically cited in their research, you know?
Well I really hope you get to go to new york and have your in person graduation. That would be
That's really exciting stuff.
Yeah. I hope you and your husband have lots of funny stories. You guys just sound like a like a sitcom in the making. Like I feel like getting like write a book about together or something.
how did that become best friends? You know like Romeo and Juliet.
Yeah. With a lot more emotional maturity evolved. That's what you're doing. So okay, well have a great day.