SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And that's why I had my heavens turned off as a guitar.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm denita. Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: Tanika.
SPEAKER_R: danica.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. ***. I'm a loser.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: lisa Alicia. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh here we are. In this weird grand experiment. Why not?
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah. Life is short.
SPEAKER_L: Sure why not? Hey we get paid for it, right? I mean not that
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: wrong.
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that you're not a lovely person
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and I would love to spend time with you but
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: no, it's no, I get it. I
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: understand
SPEAKER_L: I'm saying?
SPEAKER_R: the motivation.
SPEAKER_L: You know what I'm saying? But like what does it say about us that like We'll talk with a complete stranger for $15 hey can
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: could be worse.
SPEAKER_L: It could be worse. It could be worse. I wonder what, I wonder what kind of an experiment it would be If you went to some place like I don't know like a restaurant and stood at the doorway and said I'll pay you $15 if you sit down and have a meal with this person that you've never met before. Probably
SPEAKER_R: I would probably
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: I would probably prefer to just reimburse my Neil at that point.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I'd be fine. Well depends on the restaurant, let's be honest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's my Donaldson. You have $15?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm gonna need the $15.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna need $15 to sit in Starbucks. I mean in Starbucks and McDonald's for 25 minutes. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. So we're supposed to work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh So what do you do
SPEAKER_R: I'm a substitute teacher. I usually would
SPEAKER_L: one?
SPEAKER_R: be at work, but this week is the first full week of school after the winter break, so all the teachers are in, so that means I get a break,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I'm a graduate student too. So back
SPEAKER_L: tempted.
SPEAKER_R: to study. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Fantastic. I'm so delighted for you.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: What are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm doing dual certification for early childhood education and special education. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Fan?
SPEAKER_R: huh. Thank you. It's, I'm already tired of the first week so can't wait. I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: always I'm
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: always playing my vacation.
SPEAKER_L: I um my my master's degree is in um in teaching and I have my certification in K. 12 and in english and then my PhD is in theater so I'm I'm a university professor. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: again it I get it. I know that tired. I know that first week of school tired especially it's intense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh like I'm gain like I'm trying to like we arrange my schedule again because now my classes I do my classes online so
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: all my
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: life sessions with my professor in my classes taking place one day after another instead of one day break and then another day so after rearrange when I'm gonna get all my whole like in and still have some form of life again. So that's gonna be like another couple of weeks of readjusting and then I'll get into my group and before you know finals. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: yep. I remember.
SPEAKER_R: I mean you know you know what it's like but unlike the other end.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yes I'm telling you the other side is wonderful. I remember when I took the very last exam that I knew I would ever have to take in my whole life. You know, like that moment where it was like I'm done now, I just give them, I never have to take them again. This is amazing. It was a very good feeling.
SPEAKER_R: but now you have to grade them
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't give them that makes it so much easier.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah fair point. I just want I don't know when that point is going to be for me while I take my wife Suzanne. But when it happens, it's just gonna be amazing. It's just not gonna be the same because I'm I'm this is my second semester. So
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Yeah, you have a little ways to go, don't you? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my programs 2.5 years, like, so,
SPEAKER_L: but you're doing some really good things. Like I'm really like I try to teach my students, you know, you have to re evaluate what your schedule looks like. You have to think about your time management, you have to, you're doing all that stuff, you're doing great.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. I don't know if I'm doing great because like, I'm I feel like the winter break, I just, just as soon as my last, like, my last day of school was, I was like, and um it's like close my
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: laptop, don't look at my school email for a month, don't look at my school schedule. I don't, I've already registered like a month ahead. So it's like, as soon as that happens, as soon as that last has happened and it was like, okay, bye. See layers. Like, talk to my laptop. I'm going to sleep for the rest of the holiday, don't talk to me. So now I'm like, now I'm back to work mode is like, what am I doing with my life?
SPEAKER_L: I so feel that right now. Like I don't, it's like, I don't know if you've ever driven a manual stick, manual transmission car, but like, you know when you put it in the wrong gear in the car, just cause I don't want to do this. Yeah, that's where I am right now to, we just got back this week for uh, you know, the teacher meetings and you know that, you know, and it's the, the onslaught of all the things that I have to solve immediately just happened, started immediately. Like I would go back on contract with this past monday and it was like my email started filling up. I'm not done with my break. Give me a minute please.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, it's like when you get the emails,
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: it's like, oh, here's all the stuff you have to do is like, oh yeah, break is over.
SPEAKER_L: small virus
SPEAKER_R: Like, like it does it like I feel like as humans, I was like, it's not like we're robots, we can't just snap into it. I would prefer more gradual approach today's. But unfortunately I don't think that's possible. My and analyzing. So is this like, you just have to like all this, deal with it and then I'll just deal with it.
SPEAKER_L: Well, and you know, I have, I'm the, I'm the head of the theater program and so, and I'm directing the semester as well. So I have,
SPEAKER_R: the right one production.
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing guys and dolls, good show, It's really fun, good good oldie, but goodie. Um, but then, you know, I have like sent out the rehearsal schedule and I sent out all the, you know, and then immediately the I feel like the students are in the same place where all of a sudden it's like whoa, I gotta work. I've got to learn my lines, I got to do, I don't know if I can do this and like then you get that onslaught as well, like as soon as you put out into the world, things that have to get done and they panic as well. It's delightful.
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: pleased.
SPEAKER_R: I almost like, I almost felt like a cousin theater in college personally because in high school, not even high school, let's just go back junior high school. I went to give them to the talented junior high school and they put me in computer science by tried out for that and are and theater and, and apparently my analytical brain said very much judge my scores for computer science all the way up. So both those planes did not work out for me. And then in high school we had a program during my freshman year for, you know, like these theater performance to come in and teach us improv and stuff. And unfortunately that closed down after most software year. But at least for freshman year, I was able to do like an import production of like a play that we created ourselves. And
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: it was like, it wished I had lasted longer because it took me out myself a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: business.
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't exactly in high school that I chose like in new york, you get like an opportunity to like try out with the specialized schools and then everything else. If you don't make it to those schools, you just go to the old school near to you. So, and for the school zone to me was vocational school for me. So I had to go there. So I was not exactly in high school, I wasn't exactly fond of, I wasn't with me in love with my classmates, my classmates definitely what in love with me. So
SPEAKER_L: that sounds all too familiar.
SPEAKER_R: I that's really why I feel like I became a teacher and eventually, eventually, like I went kind of around that decision through college, but I feel like the reason why can't I ended up in education falling
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: is because I've said, I've always knew that my teachers were kind of like my saving grace. I didn't have a lot of friends in high school, didn't have a lot of friends in junior high school. All elementary school because I was bullied all the time being the sensitive kid. So, and it wasn't for my teachers being encouraging and have understanding the type of person I was and you know, saying you're like, don't try to listen to them, just do your best you can and focus on what you're doing because you have potential. Like I wouldn't have gone to worry I am and that's very sensitive. I'm trying not to cry, but every time I talk about it, get sensitive about it.
SPEAKER_L: No, that's an emotional
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: thing. Should feel that. Yes. Right.
SPEAKER_R: but thank you. Thank you childhood trauma. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, But you know what brought you to this place, right? Like, I mean, I feel like I felt the same way I didn't come to teaching right away either. I um, I went all around, you know, I thought I was going to be an actor. It turned out to be a director, which is fine, I'll do that instead. But um, it was, I went along and roundabout way and then um, I um, I, I was on a radio show, I was a producer of a radio show on the radio show got canceled and I thought to myself, okay, so how do I do the thing that I love and you know, still eat and I thought, well maybe I should teach, which is a terrible way of starting it right? Like yours is so much more beautiful than lovely way of approaching it. And then I thought, okay, so how do I figure this out? And I went and volunteered as a classroom teacher at the Hennepin County Drug Court GED School. So it was this really cool innovative program where in Hennepin County Minnesota if you are convicted of a drug crime and you don't have your high school diploma you got sentenced to school. And it was run by this man named joe Brown. Absolutely incredible human being who had this vision that you know if we can help you get your G. D. And then get you into vocational school or get you into college or wherever the next step is you're not going to be a return offender and it works brilliantly. It's very cool. But I figured you know I mean I'll go I'll go teach the hardened criminals and we'll see how this goes and you know if I can do that maybe I could teach others and I loved it. It was everything like the ability to find um we had a lot of undiagnosed special needs, special education needs, which is, you know, huge, like when you talk about the um you know, being bullied and feel like they felt that and really that was a lot of the reason they ended up where they had been and it was just so incredibly rewarding, it's just, it's gorgeous, you know, when you see someone's life absolutely turn around because they figure out that they're not dumb and that they can learn and that they're like the world suddenly opens them, that was like amazing, I loved it, and so then I went back to school and became a real teacher
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. But yeah, you brought up like that. You would, you would you start working with these criminals and you know that they have like music rather than the ladies are diagnosed. Question needs a lot of those have like, I've learned that a lot of this tends to happen is that you just count like joe And teachers tend to see these troublemaking times and instead of going that may not, there may be something off there or there wasn't enough to go. Maybe ask when I. E. P. They go, they're troublemakers and this kind of drains until this this child's mind that they are troublemaker. They cannot be changed and then they go to jail. So I have like and which is kind of like a little bit while I really am getting into special education to the other reason is because the first couple of years of some and they put me in the special education classrooms to cover for those teachers because they have to go to I. E mails all the time. So hanging I'm hanging around these kids and like they need the help. They and they are the some of the like, coolest, like, sweetest Children I've ever had, right?
SPEAKER_L: I love my kids,
SPEAKER_R: It's like, you just have like, they have problems, They have issues, but it's not like problems, not like they're bad kids, they're just
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: kids out. It's like, it's just a kid. It's like this is just Tommy. He has autism. What Tommy is also really smart and really funny and like, and like, and because and also I have family who have, who have such as that special needs as well. So it's kind of like, we kinda had, it's like a little bit like if you're going to teach, you might as well go something like a little bit more familiar with not like enough familiar with joe ahead, but like Russia needs, I feel like they need it more, especially since they seem to be so misunderstood and like, like, let me, like for example, my brother has asked for this. We find out about this when he studied, we did not, we did not, we don't know where the MS, like diagnosis or the misunderstanding when throughout his whole childhood, I just start all my life. My brothers is kind of like kind of quirky, but it's not like different. He's like, he's like, he's not like a special needs kid. He's just my bloody, just a little, he just has a different personality. No, he definitely has asperger's, It definitely explains certain things about him. And like I don't want the confusion and emotion that my family felt at the beginning of that diagnosis to happen Two under the child's family when they're 30 and they find out that their school didn't figure it out. It's like, what's this? Well, I just would rather like breaking south sooner and then they know how to deal with it and prosecutors because of because my breast flying uh not fine like period like not by in spite of the asperger's like he's fine. So I just want
SPEAKER_L: great, they're fun and interesting and terrific conversationalists I find because they have really interesting information to share, I love them,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. If you talk to my brother, if you just mentioned something about what you're probably talking era more than like like he's probably more knowledgeable about certain teams and like ESPN is and so
SPEAKER_L: Right, right, yeah, I um I have, I haven't asked me right now that I just adore him, he's a freshman this year and he went, we have a special school here in Tampa that's kind of designed around the arts for special ed kids, the entire schools is um students with challenges and what they teach through and then they have kind of become, it kind of started sending their kids to my university and it's awesome. Um I love them, they're amazing, but zack for some reason and I don't understand this entirely, was told that he was severely autistic at some point in his life and it's stuck in his brain and he's not, I mean I think when he says that he thinks he's broken and he's not, he's amazing. Like the amazing voice actor. Like can do any cartoon voice, you could ever imagine ever. He's going to have a wildly successful career. I just know this, um, great person to talk to has great social interactions, really just lovely human. He asked me, he asked me stuff comes out when you do something like mentioned musical and then it all comes out and starts. He knows every lyric to every musical ever written in the entire universe with some exceptions in the older days, which I love to, to throw it of, you know, like you don't know this musical, he goes and obsesses over it for a while.
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: It's,
SPEAKER_R: you and you will now.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, you will know it now. Yes. He's playing Nathan Detroit in guys and dolls. I'm really excited about it because uh, what, what we discovered last semester, he was the understate, but for the first for the fall show and he knows every single line of the show in about two weeks. So I'm excited because as I explained to Zack, you know, we, if, if he's double cast with another actor and so if he's not on stage and somebody gets sick, we're just gonna put exactly there, he'll do it, it's fine. And he's delighted, like he's just glowing with this, you know, it's not, it's not something that hinders him, it's a superpower, like this is how we're framing it now, you know, like reframing this idea, you're not broken your exceptional, let's use it and get out there and use it as a skill, I mean for crying out loud, you know, all the lot is water. I love that kid.
SPEAKER_R: And I like that you're pregnant as a superpower because I feel like sometimes kids get not even like special needs kids but like any kid who's like framed as different as like you have a problem. You're not, you're not good enough because you're not normal. And I hate that because
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: true,
SPEAKER_R: even it's because even I got that when I was like be much recess like your like your to quiet you probably too much than that. I think about it too much and you're not that means you're not gonna make it because you're clearly not strong enough. No, I'm just know at this point like I'm quiet because I like listening to people and then if I'm able to talk, I want to have a well freed opinion. Then this talk nonsense and I cry like it's insensitive and an epidemic and if I don't have any relief with someone that would just make me a monster. I want to have my empathy. So it took me like
SPEAKER_L: absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: it took me years to kind of we frame it that way because again bullied so you kind of feel for so long that the person that you are wasn't good enough to be anyone to anyone. So it takes you a lot of time to this kind of reconcile ever found yourself and that's me as an adult, reconcile this with myself. I don't want kids to deal with this because they don't deserve it.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: This is what you teach kids not to bully into kind of working your differences as something that's part of you, not something that meets you an outsider.
SPEAKER_L: Right, Absolutely, you know and I know I'm a complete stranger but just like so many positive things towards you, do you know what I'm saying? Like, ugh, I am so delighted that you exist in the world to do that
SPEAKER_R: See
SPEAKER_L: because it's important, this is like critical, critical work that you and I do and just Yes, yes, So you know, you get $15 but a little encouragement for me to keep going. We need
SPEAKER_R: I bet Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: when you
SPEAKER_R: I needed
SPEAKER_L: want to know.
SPEAKER_R: no like know what I think, I hear it it this way because it was time it's like that first week of going back to school and you just kind of look at the service and all your assignments you go. So I'm rethinking this whole teaching thing maybe if I just got this work at Starbucks, I might just be a franchise mickey fire like coffee. Yeah, it was like
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: this is like I was like, it's nice to have met you and someone who understands, I mean, I don't understand what I'm going through in some way because right here because my mom understands all the grab stuff as opposed to um and it comes to like the fact that I'm going to school post because she's done it so many times. But like, I feel like my mom has like has had like four different careers throughout my whole childhood. So she's gone to school so many times.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: So he understands that. But it doesn't understand like the weight of it when it comes to it. The fact that I was going, once I go to school as a student, I have to then flip it back and go and go as a teacher and you all that in the real world. Almost immediately as a substitute, I'm doing this in practice just to kind of hone my skill some more and like no one, uh, no one understands that besides like other teachers and all the other teachers that my district are much older than me. So I don't relate to them. I'm definitely what it's either, I'm much older than I am much older than all the tenure teachers. I'm also, but I'm older than now. Like the incoming substitutes who are coming from school because I look because because I decided to a career change in between like call like after college and decided to do the sure. I feel like a while and then I decided I hate it. It's like why am I doing this to myself? I don't wanna, I don't wanna cold call a bunch of businesses to for look for a little to no success. So I jumped away back. So like what this upping and that's kind of how it will happen. So
SPEAKER_L: Really kind of very similar to what I did to write like a career shift. Well let's try teaching hey, but you know what I think is really interesting as I'm talking to you is that you know there are there are bad teachers you and I both know this we've met
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: but for me what I'm sensing from you and I think is so critical is that this is your calling, you know what I mean? Like it's just a deep, deep set like this is what you're supposed to do kind of thing. That is really cool. Really
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it this way I should just Because you say that it's a calling for me and to me I don't even I'm not even 120% sure. Like I feel like you are to me, I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: feel like in my house like you could do so many 20. I get Like you think the 20 million things, why is it teaching? Why why is it like, it's like it's like you didn't even like school for so long. Why do you want to go back? It's like it was like I've done I've done like you said you grew up but just not really sure. I did a college radio and I want and I right okay, it's just a copy right now. But this year I've made a kind of a goal to actually have write a book and like, so published. And
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I don't, But the problem is I have like 20 million ideas. I have to narrow
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that down.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I know that very well.
SPEAKER_R: So it was like, it's like why is the teaching, why is that as a teaching? And it's like because and I argue with myself, it was like, you know why it's teaching you really like, you like heads and you you like kids, you like work with them. Even if they annoy you, sometimes it's like, it's like, you like, like and you don't mind the work, but you can do the work. Why are we fighting over this? So I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: feel like maybe
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the maybe a few years of therapy will probably like we work all that power, but
SPEAKER_L: I that's what I was, that's what I'm responding to. I think when I say that I feel like it's your calling is that I hear you talk about your kids that you work with and it's yeah, that's it, right? Like I could hear the joy it brings you and I can hear how you're helping them and it's just it's that little, you know, it's like the two columns of the wheel clinking in together. It's yeah, it's your mom welcome
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: to the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: have like I have kids that I've worked with, that I've been subbing in their classes. Each grade that I've seen them grow from like first to like fifth. Like there's like a like a few like that like third grade and I'm going into sixth grade this year. It's like every time I see it in the hallways like mrs mrs just like, oh my God, how you you grow what what happened over the summer? You were you were this high. I have first graders that I'm now form now. It's like how we say and they look like this says, do you remember me? It's like I know your I know your name but you don't look like the same first grade that has hung out with. You're definitely and and the kids and I and all the kindergartners because we only have two schools that do kindergarten, they have to transfer to the one of the other schools to do first. They tend to transfer to other schools to do the first two sets. They come, they come in and then they looked at me said, MS, as I was in this, like I was in the school, do you remember me in the first grade? And I was like, I remember you, are you so tall at first
SPEAKER_L: Open
SPEAKER_R: grade?
SPEAKER_L: Right. No, Gosh. Yeah, I never taught anything lower than 6th grade, but
SPEAKER_R: 06
SPEAKER_L: my middle
SPEAKER_R: Grades. Well,
SPEAKER_L: schoolers, Oh I love my middle schoolers, but like the difference between 7th and 8th grade, like that summer transition Oh my gosh, it's like there's a whole nother person shows up in your classroom and you're like uh what happened to the cute little kid at last year all of a sudden you're the snarky adult, I don't even know anyway.
SPEAKER_R: I can't just like, I have to I just explain sometimes and most of, and most of the types of my experience, but it's it's great. It's like, oh, it's like we're already done with school mentally, we're gonna go to seventh grade, like next year we're done. It's like, it's like you're not done. Did you still have to be in this classroom for six hours with me? So let's make the best of it. So neither of us hate each other and some like some like my something I've worn, like my selling voice, like throughout, it's like every great, my voice gets a little bit more deeper. I live a lifestyle like, like Canada was like, hi boys and girls, we're going to do this today and they're like,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it's great. Like boys and girls, ladies and gentleman, we have some like, here's the assignments, it's on the board, let's get because at that point you should know what you're doing.
SPEAKER_L: Right. You would hope,
SPEAKER_R: you would hope. And
SPEAKER_L: I teach
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: called
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: kids and sometimes they don't know, So I'm just going to say
SPEAKER_R: okay, trust me, I remember college, I definitely didn't know what was doing and I, it's like, I like, I feel slightly bad with some of my profession just because I definitely was like, I'm trying the best I can, but I don't understand what you're saying sir. So I'm just going to be quiet for this for this portion of the class work. This
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: is a hack because I'm most likely for my cases because I was definitely studied for another class for something else for most of my classmates because
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I know they lived because I know that look at the bar rooms, they were definitely doing something else. I definitely wasn't having fun. You all my friend happens on the weekend and even then I'm probably still doing homework. So, so
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yes, Well, I'm I'm delighted we got to meet. This is kind of fun. I feel like this is fate somehow.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I needed this so I feel
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like can help me so much.
SPEAKER_L: Good. I love that, That makes me happy because it gives me I feel like I've accomplished something today, It's
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: the Yeah yeah quote I had this week was and I don't think I remember it forbade it was like every time you look, every time you teach someone something, it changes them forever. So I feel like I've wanted something so I feel like I'm gonna change forever.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's beautiful, thank you. That's gorgeous. I love
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a good quote. I'm probably going to think that somewhere, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: cross find somebody cross stitch that they're a little cross stitch thing of that.
SPEAKER_R: that's what that's it's for. We'll find something up because I cannot do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Well, I think we've passed our time.
SPEAKER_R: You are.
SPEAKER_L: We are, we're at 31 minutes
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: money.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't agree to last as long.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I really went by, like, I actually just I had turned my iPad on to time it, you know, because I'm terrible time and I just turned it on and like how that happened. I was like, it was like 10 minutes, like I was like, you know how we're doing? Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: that went so quickly.
SPEAKER_L: I know. It's really formal. Doesn't
SPEAKER_R: this is fun.
SPEAKER_L: don't, Yeah, I wish you were down closer. I would be like, hey, let's have coffee. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, well,
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: it's been really nice. I've had so much fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this was really fun.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so I'll let you go.
SPEAKER_L: I wish you all the best, all
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: the best,
SPEAKER_R: you so much.
SPEAKER_L: all the best. Go
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: luck
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: with your style.
SPEAKER_L: the things. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: That would be just fabulous. I divisive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, I will.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: Bye