right.
Yeah.
Hello?
Tanika.
Yeah. ***. I'm a loser.
Thanks
Nice to meet you.
Oh here we are. In this weird grand experiment. Why not?
Sure why not? Hey we get paid for it, right? I mean not that
you're
not
not
that you're not a lovely person
and I would love to spend time with you but
like
what
I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? But like what does it say about us that like We'll talk with a complete stranger for $15 hey can
you?
It could be worse. It could be worse. I wonder what, I wonder what kind of an experiment it would be If you went to some place like I don't know like a restaurant and stood at the doorway and said I'll pay you $15 if you sit down and have a meal with this person that you've never met before. Probably
more.
Right. I'd be fine. Well depends on the restaurant, let's be honest.
Yeah I'm gonna need the $15.
I'm gonna need $15 to sit in Starbucks. I mean in Starbucks and McDonald's for 25 minutes. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Uh So what do you do
one?
Thank
you
tempted.
Fantastic. I'm so delighted for you.
What are you studying?
Fan?
I
don't know.
I um my my master's degree is in um in teaching and I have my certification in K. 12 and in english and then my PhD is in theater so I'm I'm a university professor. So yeah
again it I get it. I know that tired. I know that first week of school tired especially it's intense. Yeah.
I'm
sorry.
yep. I remember.
mm. Yes I'm telling you the other side is wonderful. I remember when I took the very last exam that I knew I would ever have to take in my whole life. You know, like that moment where it was like I'm done now, I just give them, I never have to take them again. This is amazing. It was a very good feeling.
Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah.
So I don't give them that makes it so much easier.
Mm. Yeah, you have a little ways to go, don't you? Yeah,
but you're doing some really good things. Like I'm really like I try to teach my students, you know, you have to re evaluate what your schedule looks like. You have to think about your time management, you have to, you're doing all that stuff, you're doing great.
Well,
I so feel that right now. Like I don't, it's like, I don't know if you've ever driven a manual stick, manual transmission car, but like, you know when you put it in the wrong gear in the car, just cause I don't want to do this. Yeah, that's where I am right now to, we just got back this week for uh, you know, the teacher meetings and you know that, you know, and it's the, the onslaught of all the things that I have to solve immediately just happened, started immediately. Like I would go back on contract with this past monday and it was like my email started filling up. I'm not done with my break. Give me a minute please.
Good
small virus
Well, and you know, I have, I'm the, I'm the head of the theater program and so, and I'm directing the semester as well. So I have,
I'm doing guys and dolls, good show, It's really fun, good good oldie, but goodie. Um, but then, you know, I have like sent out the rehearsal schedule and I sent out all the, you know, and then immediately the I feel like the students are in the same place where all of a sudden it's like whoa, I gotta work. I've got to learn my lines, I got to do, I don't know if I can do this and like then you get that onslaught as well, like as soon as you put out into the world, things that have to get done and they panic as well. It's delightful.
So
pleased.
good
business.
that sounds all too familiar.
And
No, that's an emotional
thing. Should feel that. Yes. Right.
Hey, But you know what brought you to this place, right? Like, I mean, I feel like I felt the same way I didn't come to teaching right away either. I um, I went all around, you know, I thought I was going to be an actor. It turned out to be a director, which is fine, I'll do that instead. But um, it was, I went along and roundabout way and then um, I um, I, I was on a radio show, I was a producer of a radio show on the radio show got canceled and I thought to myself, okay, so how do I do the thing that I love and you know, still eat and I thought, well maybe I should teach, which is a terrible way of starting it right? Like yours is so much more beautiful than lovely way of approaching it. And then I thought, okay, so how do I figure this out? And I went and volunteered as a classroom teacher at the Hennepin County Drug Court GED School. So it was this really cool innovative program where in Hennepin County Minnesota if you are convicted of a drug crime and you don't have your high school diploma you got sentenced to school. And it was run by this man named joe Brown. Absolutely incredible human being who had this vision that you know if we can help you get your G. D. And then get you into vocational school or get you into college or wherever the next step is you're not going to be a return offender and it works brilliantly. It's very cool. But I figured you know I mean I'll go I'll go teach the hardened criminals and we'll see how this goes and you know if I can do that maybe I could teach others and I loved it. It was everything like the ability to find um we had a lot of undiagnosed special needs, special education needs, which is, you know, huge, like when you talk about the um you know, being bullied and feel like they felt that and really that was a lot of the reason they ended up where they had been and it was just so incredibly rewarding, it's just, it's gorgeous, you know, when you see someone's life absolutely turn around because they figure out that they're not dumb and that they can learn and that they're like the world suddenly opens them, that was like amazing, I loved it, and so then I went back to school and became a real teacher
I love my kids,
Well,
great, they're fun and interesting and terrific conversationalists I find because they have really interesting information to share, I love them,
Right, right, yeah, I um I have, I haven't asked me right now that I just adore him, he's a freshman this year and he went, we have a special school here in Tampa that's kind of designed around the arts for special ed kids, the entire schools is um students with challenges and what they teach through and then they have kind of become, it kind of started sending their kids to my university and it's awesome. Um I love them, they're amazing, but zack for some reason and I don't understand this entirely, was told that he was severely autistic at some point in his life and it's stuck in his brain and he's not, I mean I think when he says that he thinks he's broken and he's not, he's amazing. Like the amazing voice actor. Like can do any cartoon voice, you could ever imagine ever. He's going to have a wildly successful career. I just know this, um, great person to talk to has great social interactions, really just lovely human. He asked me, he asked me stuff comes out when you do something like mentioned musical and then it all comes out and starts. He knows every lyric to every musical ever written in the entire universe with some exceptions in the older days, which I love to, to throw it of, you know, like you don't know this musical, he goes and obsesses over it for a while.
It's,
oh yeah, you will know it now. Yes. He's playing Nathan Detroit in guys and dolls. I'm really excited about it because uh, what, what we discovered last semester, he was the understate, but for the first for the fall show and he knows every single line of the show in about two weeks. So I'm excited because as I explained to Zack, you know, we, if, if he's double cast with another actor and so if he's not on stage and somebody gets sick, we're just gonna put exactly there, he'll do it, it's fine. And he's delighted, like he's just glowing with this, you know, it's not, it's not something that hinders him, it's a superpower, like this is how we're framing it now, you know, like reframing this idea, you're not broken your exceptional, let's use it and get out there and use it as a skill, I mean for crying out loud, you know, all the lot is water. I love that kid.
It's
true,
absolutely,
No.
Right, Absolutely, you know and I know I'm a complete stranger but just like so many positive things towards you, do you know what I'm saying? Like, ugh, I am so delighted that you exist in the world to do that
because it's important, this is like critical, critical work that you and I do and just Yes, yes, So you know, you get $15 but a little encouragement for me to keep going. We need
when you
want to know.
Oh that's hilarious.
That's
Really kind of very similar to what I did to write like a career shift. Well let's try teaching hey, but you know what I think is really interesting as I'm talking to you is that you know there are there are bad teachers you and I both know this we've met
but for me what I'm sensing from you and I think is so critical is that this is your calling, you know what I mean? Like it's just a deep, deep set like this is what you're supposed to do kind of thing. That is really cool. Really
What?
What?
What?
Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I know that very well.
that
that's
I that's what I was, that's what I'm responding to. I think when I say that I feel like it's your calling is that I hear you talk about your kids that you work with and it's yeah, that's it, right? Like I could hear the joy it brings you and I can hear how you're helping them and it's just it's that little, you know, it's like the two columns of the wheel clinking in together. It's yeah, it's your mom welcome
to the
crazy.
Open
Right. No, Gosh. Yeah, I never taught anything lower than 6th grade, but
my middle
schoolers, Oh I love my middle schoolers, but like the difference between 7th and 8th grade, like that summer transition Oh my gosh, it's like there's a whole nother person shows up in your classroom and you're like uh what happened to the cute little kid at last year all of a sudden you're the snarky adult, I don't even know anyway.
It's
Right. You would hope,
I teach
called
kids and sometimes they don't know, So I'm just going to say
No
What?
Mhm Yes, Well, I'm I'm delighted we got to meet. This is kind of fun. I feel like this is fate somehow.
What?
Good. I love that, That makes me happy because it gives me I feel like I've accomplished something today, It's
just
Oh, that's beautiful, thank you. That's gorgeous. I love
cross find somebody cross stitch that they're a little cross stitch thing of that.
Yeah, Well, I think we've passed our time.
We are, we're at 31 minutes
money.
I know, I really went by, like, I actually just I had turned my iPad on to time it, you know, because I'm terrible time and I just turned it on and like how that happened. I was like, it was like 10 minutes, like I was like, you know how we're doing? Oh my gosh.
I know. It's really formal. Doesn't
don't, Yeah, I wish you were down closer. I would be like, hey, let's have coffee. Okay.
You know?
Yeah, this was really fun.
I wish you all the best, all
the best,
all the best. Go
and
all
the things. Thank you.
Yeah, Yeah, I will.
I
know,