huh. Yeah.
And that's why I had my heavens turned off as a guitar.
Um I'm denita. Nice to meet you
danica.
but
lisa Alicia. Oh,
nice to meet you too.
What? Yeah. Life is short.
You're
not
wrong.
What?
That's
No,
no, it's no, I get it. I
understand
the motivation.
It
could be worse.
I would probably
I would probably prefer to just reimburse my Neil at that point.
Yeah. It's my Donaldson. You have $15?
What?
Yes. So we're supposed to work.
I'm a substitute teacher. I usually would
be at work, but this week is the first full week of school after the winter break, so all the teachers are in, so that means I get a break,
but
I'm a graduate student too. So back
to study. Mhm.
Thank you.
Um I'm doing dual certification for early childhood education and special education. Uh
huh. Thank you. It's, I'm already tired of the first week so can't wait. I'm
always I'm
always playing my vacation.
that's
Yeah. Oh like I'm gain like I'm trying to like we arrange my schedule again because now my classes I do my classes online so
all my
life sessions with my professor in my classes taking place one day after another instead of one day break and then another day so after rearrange when I'm gonna get all my whole like in and still have some form of life again. So that's gonna be like another couple of weeks of readjusting and then I'll get into my group and before you know finals. Yeah
I mean you know you know what it's like but unlike the other end.
but now you have to grade them
so.
Yeah fair point. I just want I don't know when that point is going to be for me while I take my wife Suzanne. But when it happens, it's just gonna be amazing. It's just not gonna be the same because I'm I'm this is my second semester. So
yeah, my programs 2.5 years, like, so,
thank you. I don't know if I'm doing great because like, I'm I feel like the winter break, I just, just as soon as my last, like, my last day of school was, I was like, and um it's like close my
laptop, don't look at my school email for a month, don't look at my school schedule. I don't, I've already registered like a month ahead. So it's like, as soon as that happens, as soon as that last has happened and it was like, okay, bye. See layers. Like, talk to my laptop. I'm going to sleep for the rest of the holiday, don't talk to me. So now I'm like, now I'm back to work mode is like, what am I doing with my life?
it's like, it's like when you get the emails,
it's like, oh, here's all the stuff you have to do is like, oh yeah, break is over.
Like, like it does it like I feel like as humans, I was like, it's not like we're robots, we can't just snap into it. I would prefer more gradual approach today's. But unfortunately I don't think that's possible. My and analyzing. So is this like, you just have to like all this, deal with it and then I'll just deal with it.
the right one production.
this
is
I almost like, I almost felt like a cousin theater in college personally because in high school, not even high school, let's just go back junior high school. I went to give them to the talented junior high school and they put me in computer science by tried out for that and are and theater and, and apparently my analytical brain said very much judge my scores for computer science all the way up. So both those planes did not work out for me. And then in high school we had a program during my freshman year for, you know, like these theater performance to come in and teach us improv and stuff. And unfortunately that closed down after most software year. But at least for freshman year, I was able to do like an import production of like a play that we created ourselves. And
it was like, it wished I had lasted longer because it took me out myself a little bit.
I wasn't exactly in high school that I chose like in new york, you get like an opportunity to like try out with the specialized schools and then everything else. If you don't make it to those schools, you just go to the old school near to you. So, and for the school zone to me was vocational school for me. So I had to go there. So I was not exactly in high school, I wasn't exactly fond of, I wasn't with me in love with my classmates, my classmates definitely what in love with me. So
I that's really why I feel like I became a teacher and eventually, eventually, like I went kind of around that decision through college, but I feel like the reason why can't I ended up in education falling
is because I've said, I've always knew that my teachers were kind of like my saving grace. I didn't have a lot of friends in high school, didn't have a lot of friends in junior high school. All elementary school because I was bullied all the time being the sensitive kid. So, and it wasn't for my teachers being encouraging and have understanding the type of person I was and you know, saying you're like, don't try to listen to them, just do your best you can and focus on what you're doing because you have potential. Like I wouldn't have gone to worry I am and that's very sensitive. I'm trying not to cry, but every time I talk about it, get sensitive about it.
Yeah, that's
but thank you. Thank you childhood trauma. I don't know.
Mhm. But yeah, you brought up like that. You would, you would you start working with these criminals and you know that they have like music rather than the ladies are diagnosed. Question needs a lot of those have like, I've learned that a lot of this tends to happen is that you just count like joe And teachers tend to see these troublemaking times and instead of going that may not, there may be something off there or there wasn't enough to go. Maybe ask when I. E. P. They go, they're troublemakers and this kind of drains until this this child's mind that they are troublemaker. They cannot be changed and then they go to jail. So I have like and which is kind of like a little bit while I really am getting into special education to the other reason is because the first couple of years of some and they put me in the special education classrooms to cover for those teachers because they have to go to I. E mails all the time. So hanging I'm hanging around these kids and like they need the help. They and they are the some of the like, coolest, like, sweetest Children I've ever had, right?
It's like, you just have like, they have problems, They have issues, but it's not like problems, not like they're bad kids, they're just
kids out. It's like, it's just a kid. It's like this is just Tommy. He has autism. What Tommy is also really smart and really funny and like, and like, and because and also I have family who have, who have such as that special needs as well. So it's kind of like, we kinda had, it's like a little bit like if you're going to teach, you might as well go something like a little bit more familiar with not like enough familiar with joe ahead, but like Russia needs, I feel like they need it more, especially since they seem to be so misunderstood and like, like, let me, like for example, my brother has asked for this. We find out about this when he studied, we did not, we did not, we don't know where the MS, like diagnosis or the misunderstanding when throughout his whole childhood, I just start all my life. My brothers is kind of like kind of quirky, but it's not like different. He's like, he's like, he's not like a special needs kid. He's just my bloody, just a little, he just has a different personality. No, he definitely has asperger's, It definitely explains certain things about him. And like I don't want the confusion and emotion that my family felt at the beginning of that diagnosis to happen Two under the child's family when they're 30 and they find out that their school didn't figure it out. It's like, what's this? Well, I just would rather like breaking south sooner and then they know how to deal with it and prosecutors because of because my breast flying uh not fine like period like not by in spite of the asperger's like he's fine. So I just want
Yeah. If you talk to my brother, if you just mentioned something about what you're probably talking era more than like like he's probably more knowledgeable about certain teams and like ESPN is and so
If
you and you will now.
And I like that you're pregnant as a superpower because I feel like sometimes kids get not even like special needs kids but like any kid who's like framed as different as like you have a problem. You're not, you're not good enough because you're not normal. And I hate that because
like
even it's because even I got that when I was like be much recess like your like your to quiet you probably too much than that. I think about it too much and you're not that means you're not gonna make it because you're clearly not strong enough. No, I'm just know at this point like I'm quiet because I like listening to people and then if I'm able to talk, I want to have a well freed opinion. Then this talk nonsense and I cry like it's insensitive and an epidemic and if I don't have any relief with someone that would just make me a monster. I want to have my empathy. So it took me like
it took me years to kind of we frame it that way because again bullied so you kind of feel for so long that the person that you are wasn't good enough to be anyone to anyone. So it takes you a lot of time to this kind of reconcile ever found yourself and that's me as an adult, reconcile this with myself. I don't want kids to deal with this because they don't deserve it.
This is what you teach kids not to bully into kind of working your differences as something that's part of you, not something that meets you an outsider.
See
I bet Yeah,
I needed
no like know what I think, I hear it it this way because it was time it's like that first week of going back to school and you just kind of look at the service and all your assignments you go. So I'm rethinking this whole teaching thing maybe if I just got this work at Starbucks, I might just be a franchise mickey fire like coffee. Yeah, it was like
this is like I was like, it's nice to have met you and someone who understands, I mean, I don't understand what I'm going through in some way because right here because my mom understands all the grab stuff as opposed to um and it comes to like the fact that I'm going to school post because she's done it so many times. But like, I feel like my mom has like has had like four different careers throughout my whole childhood. So she's gone to school so many times.
So he understands that. But it doesn't understand like the weight of it when it comes to it. The fact that I was going, once I go to school as a student, I have to then flip it back and go and go as a teacher and you all that in the real world. Almost immediately as a substitute, I'm doing this in practice just to kind of hone my skill some more and like no one, uh, no one understands that besides like other teachers and all the other teachers that my district are much older than me. So I don't relate to them. I'm definitely what it's either, I'm much older than I am much older than all the tenure teachers. I'm also, but I'm older than now. Like the incoming substitutes who are coming from school because I look because because I decided to a career change in between like call like after college and decided to do the sure. I feel like a while and then I decided I hate it. It's like why am I doing this to myself? I don't wanna, I don't wanna cold call a bunch of businesses to for look for a little to no success. So I jumped away back. So like what this upping and that's kind of how it will happen. So
definitely.
I feel like it this way I should just Because you say that it's a calling for me and to me I don't even I'm not even 120% sure. Like I feel like you are to me, I
feel like in my house like you could do so many 20. I get Like you think the 20 million things, why is it teaching? Why why is it like, it's like it's like you didn't even like school for so long. Why do you want to go back? It's like it was like I've done I've done like you said you grew up but just not really sure. I did a college radio and I want and I right okay, it's just a copy right now. But this year I've made a kind of a goal to actually have write a book and like, so published. And
I don't, But the problem is I have like 20 million ideas. I have to narrow
that down.
So it was like, it's like why is the teaching, why is that as a teaching? And it's like because and I argue with myself, it was like, you know why it's teaching you really like, you like heads and you you like kids, you like work with them. Even if they annoy you, sometimes it's like, it's like, you like, like and you don't mind the work, but you can do the work. Why are we fighting over this? So I
feel like maybe
the maybe a few years of therapy will probably like we work all that power, but
Like
I
have like I have kids that I've worked with, that I've been subbing in their classes. Each grade that I've seen them grow from like first to like fifth. Like there's like a like a few like that like third grade and I'm going into sixth grade this year. It's like every time I see it in the hallways like mrs mrs just like, oh my God, how you you grow what what happened over the summer? You were you were this high. I have first graders that I'm now form now. It's like how we say and they look like this says, do you remember me? It's like I know your I know your name but you don't look like the same first grade that has hung out with. You're definitely and and the kids and I and all the kindergartners because we only have two schools that do kindergarten, they have to transfer to the one of the other schools to do first. They tend to transfer to other schools to do the first two sets. They come, they come in and then they looked at me said, MS, as I was in this, like I was in the school, do you remember me in the first grade? And I was like, I remember you, are you so tall at first
grade?
06
Grades. Well,
I can't just like, I have to I just explain sometimes and most of, and most of the types of my experience, but it's it's great. It's like, oh, it's like we're already done with school mentally, we're gonna go to seventh grade, like next year we're done. It's like, it's like you're not done. Did you still have to be in this classroom for six hours with me? So let's make the best of it. So neither of us hate each other and some like some like my something I've worn, like my selling voice, like throughout, it's like every great, my voice gets a little bit more deeper. I live a lifestyle like, like Canada was like, hi boys and girls, we're going to do this today and they're like,
it's great. Like boys and girls, ladies and gentleman, we have some like, here's the assignments, it's on the board, let's get because at that point you should know what you're doing.
you would hope. And
if
I
okay, trust me, I remember college, I definitely didn't know what was doing and I, it's like, I like, I feel slightly bad with some of my profession just because I definitely was like, I'm trying the best I can, but I don't understand what you're saying sir. So I'm just going to be quiet for this for this portion of the class work. This
is a hack because I'm most likely for my cases because I was definitely studied for another class for something else for most of my classmates because
I know they lived because I know that look at the bar rooms, they were definitely doing something else. I definitely wasn't having fun. You all my friend happens on the weekend and even then I'm probably still doing homework. So, so
I feel like I needed this so I feel
like can help me so much.
Why
the Yeah yeah quote I had this week was and I don't think I remember it forbade it was like every time you look, every time you teach someone something, it changes them forever. So I feel like I've wanted something so I feel like I'm gonna change forever.
Yeah, that's a good quote. I'm probably going to think that somewhere, but yeah,
that's what that's it's for. We'll find something up because I cannot do it.
You are.
Oh my gosh.
I didn't agree to last as long.
that went so quickly.
this is fun.
Okay, well,
it's been really nice. I've had so much fun.
Okay, so I'll let you go.
Thank
you so much.
Good
luck
with your style.
That would be just fabulous. I divisive.
All right. Thank
you.
Bye