SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Actually, mm. Where were you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. By the way I'm looking yeah. Unfortunately. Well this is a great program. Yeah. Yes. Uh huh. Because in other words well yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh what? Okay. Okay. Mhm. Not a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I remember chris mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. You know? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Thank you. Yeah. Right before I Beautiful. Yeah. No. Yeah. What? Please give me everything. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Because my goal yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Uh huh. Policy. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh I'm sorry about that. Just straight. Never probably no problem. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah wow. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: huh I'm happy someone should look this time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you've been waiting a while?
SPEAKER_L: Well I had uh I think yesterday that they scheduled and no one ever connect me so I was like oh well yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's just bring but how do you now?
SPEAKER_L: best. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing great, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Very good. Let me just woke up so
SPEAKER_R: I miss
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: those guys, those guys happen before I had Children. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Or they young? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: my youngest is there's 2.5 so she is an early morning riser more than my others even I Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: probably, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, they tend to have like a lot of energy when at that age, so
SPEAKER_R: yep. And they get into everything, yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: literally everything,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. You know, I have like a lot of nieces and nephews, I'm always like running, I was always like running around after them when they were kids, so it's just like uh Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's our phone now, their energy suckers but they're fun. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay, not
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: have, no, I used to work with like newborn babies like as a photographer. They're like a photographer. They're so cute and their handful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yes they can't say what's wrong so they just kind of crying correct because their life was interrupted, we happen to me it was dark and nice, I got to nap whatever I wanted to. Um
SPEAKER_L: like they're not happy about being outside, they're not happy about like anyway,
SPEAKER_R: they're like the noises are much louder out here,
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Just like if I'm not with my mom, like no, we're not doing it.
SPEAKER_R: it makes sense why um people use water therapy you know where you can immerse yourself and your ears because you know when you were in the wound that was your life you heard everything through that sound of the water movements all around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've seen those before. They're like dark pas of water.
SPEAKER_R: Yes and you can even do it in your own bathtub if you're able to like close off things and they do it for therapy.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I mean if you have migraines and stuff, that's why it helps to close everything off. It kind of takes you back to, you know, you don't have anything grabbing all your senses at once. It's just kind of a calm, peaceful place to be. I know they use it in therapy, they use it in both mental and physical health therapies. Um The tanks you're talking about, you can go to actual therapists and they'll do the big water tanks where you can go okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: And I always want to do it but you know, it costs money so
SPEAKER_L: mhm. Like anything having to do with like self care and like mental health, it's gonna cost a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Yeah. Yeah. There are some of the hardest things I think to get a hold of.
SPEAKER_L: And oh my God, do you mind? Yeah, my dog is trying to get in. I'll feel bad. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: downstairs helping right now. I can hear her. That's a job for somebody else right now.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like it's always like the little dogs.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I have a little bit, yeah, she's like a
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: she's a part rat terrier
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: mix,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: she has something else in her. Her mom was a beagle and they said her dad was ended up being some kind of rat terrier mix so she looks like she's got like a little legal face and the rest of her is like a giant puffball. She got the coloring of a rat terrier but she has long hair. Yes, I swear it looks like a border collie only like this big uh huh
SPEAKER_L: No, like
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what he makes of her dad was but she's got some something in her.
SPEAKER_L: She has long hair.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she's got long hair. I was I didn't expect it to her at all. I thought she'd be short haired like you know like the beagles or even like a rat terrier right there is a short hair too. I have no idea. She's a little her tail alone. Like I said her tail looks like a border collie tail and she's a little bitty thing. Her tail is almost as long as she is in bush's.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. No, my dog I suspect is a beagle terrier mix just because he has um eagle coloring, but his hair is like, it's kind of medium, it's not like long or short, and his tail's been snipped, so Okay, where
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: he?
SPEAKER_R: got our from farm friends and they raised vehicles as farm animals. So they usually always bred her with another beagle so that they would get the full blooded cups and they said
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: that she had gotten with someone down the roads. They, they gave away all the puppies for free and stuff, so we get one of those
SPEAKER_L: One of us.
SPEAKER_R: so we're not real sure what makes her dad was, but we knew her dad had bacteria in him. They knew that much, but I didn't know much else. The mom was full blooded bagel though, so she using everything she can be, she's just very possessive of like she believes that yard out back is her yard, even if our kids are playing in it. She it's her yard and she's annoying. So she's down there like complaining and protesting there in my yard there in my yellow, he's
SPEAKER_L: no, that sounds like my cat more than a dog.
SPEAKER_R: Cats are possessive. Yeah, cats
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are because yeah,
SPEAKER_L: no, like she has one chair and if
SPEAKER_R: hold
SPEAKER_L: you sit
SPEAKER_R: on,
SPEAKER_L: in it you're basically like in her territory was like no, don't do that.
SPEAKER_R: yep, that sounds like a cat cats do that. Sometimes cats have a room and they're like, no, this is my room,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And she's like over like a back bedroom upstairs and we're just like no you're not doing that now.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Animals are funny. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: What's interesting about this experiment is that they wanted to have a conversation for 25 minutes and like, I've never had a conversation over two minutes long, so Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I can, but like um pointers would be helpful, but there's no wonders
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. You know
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: person to person if you lay out a thing in front of me. I'm like okay, I can maybe talk about that for a little bit, but
SPEAKER_L: mhm And all the, like in the little synopsis thing that they had before, they said that they would give you some questions, let them start their questions.
SPEAKER_R: well no started questions. They just want to observe us like rats in a lab. Mm
SPEAKER_L: I'm like okay like a little figure it out from here
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel it. Mm
SPEAKER_L: mm Yeah what do you do besides like take care of your kids?
SPEAKER_R: I home school full time. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh that is
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: you. People care of my kids and doing things like prolific is what I do with my life besides church.
SPEAKER_L: like this is it hard, like trying
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: to home school? No.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's really not. I was home school so maybe that helps. But like, I mean, I think people can overcomplicate it sometimes and there's just so many resources out there between internet and you know, actual book learning that there's just unlimited resources thankfully. Yeah. I mean you can pretty much home school for next to nothing anymore because of the internet availability and the programs, there's a couple of programmes
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: are completely free. So we're like K through 12. So I mean, yeah, you can home school pretty easily and pretty cheaply if you want to do, I'm kind of one of those resource bombs. I'm the one that connects other moms to find those helps. Especially right now it's helpful to have when everyone is literally home schooling their kids right now.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh You know like for some of the parents in mind it was a pretty big transition, so I used to just like
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine. And I'm one of those that I'm not going to sit here and fluff your butt and tell you, oh my gosh, it's so easy and you should just figure out because a lot of these moms are like suddenly home working full time plus home schooling full time. And it's which home schooling the way that I home school is different. But probably they also because they're given a
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: certain amount of packets and things and things got to go places and get back to their teachers and the kids gotta zoom their teachers and then they got to assume their bosses and I can't imagine how maddening that must be here, how it is to juggle all of that, especially just like all of a sudden
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Because you're
SPEAKER_R: listen.
SPEAKER_L: having to learn new technology, you're having to give a different schedule.
SPEAKER_R: huh Well and besides families having enough say like computers available or whatever, you know for their kids plus themselves, I mean everything has to rely on
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the internet at that point, I can't imagine how much that would completely upset your whole entire life to have to get a homemade routine because
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: mine got to be gradual and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: because I made this decision a long time ago, so my kids have always been home schooled, so it wasn't like I was trying to juggle a full life and you know full work schedule plus kids all at once. Like I can't imagine
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. Like I can't even imagine having kids live alone, like having to homeschool them and like make sure that they need to get everything that they need in order to say go to the secondary education or like survive for that matter. The also after like probably home school, you're able to teach them more like real life stuff compared
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: to in school.
SPEAKER_R: very important to me. Yes and that's really important to me. Hands on. Learning is so important. Like my kids are being taught to cook full meals, not
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: this minute, I feel like I'm teaching them elements. Say like my daughter is learning how to cook desserts right now. I know that's not vital, but that's something that will motivate her. Well motivate her to make a batch of cookies, motivator, make her own eggs in the morning. So people in those things, she's 11.5 and she said, I've taught her how to use a coffee pot. I taught her how to, you know, there's a lot of things that taught her, I've taught how to use the laundry machine. Both washer and dryer. Yeah. And the little guy, he's seven and he um, he gets lesser test that G but he really loves cook with you. If you bring you, look, he wants to come cook with you. He's the one I think that wants to be like, he's like, I'm going to be a shift. I'm like, okay. He wants to be like big time. So yeah, it is the cool part about that is yes, I can teach them life skills as well.
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: Things that they may not be able to learn in a traditional
SPEAKER_L: sorry?
SPEAKER_R: school setting.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yes, I know I took home at and I think we learned how to make biscuits candy and no bake cookies and that's kind of like big sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They don't have comics really anymore in schools. I kind of cut that out of the law schools and that's a lot more of a extra curricula.
SPEAKER_L: Not and then I wonder like why we're so low and throwing of education.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well that's another thing I try to tell parents if they really, I mean just no matter what school studying your kid is read with your child as much as you can, they should be reading books. You need to be in books. I mean there's so much education to be found in books and it's so good for your brain. There's been huge studies done, huge studies done on both reading to your Children honestly out loud and then reading to themselves and to each other. It's very very good for them. It grows their brain. So
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: I mean something as simple as reading, making sure the kid is reading every day is important.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like we've been getting away from that with like the increasing technology just because I'm a 90s kid. So like I remember we've been in a circle like we had to like look at the stars, a number of books in order to pass tests in order to like passport, like pass our classes And I would like took tests in middle school to determine our reading level. I was on a college level reading, but I was in like 7th grade.
SPEAKER_R: yep, and that's how I know that I used to be, I don't know how it is now, but yeah, I agree with you that I feel like technologies that and I hope that kind of becomes revamped after all of this, I hope this entire time um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: of the, you know, just with everything that we come back with, the educational revamp, the kids have different needs and that our education needed an overhaul. We need to go back to some of those hands on type things, the home X. And the reading hours and things like that. I mean I know they do do some reading. I'm sure they do plenty of reading but I mean I think that we need to put our focus less on technology and more on hands on books in our hands. There's something about it. I I still have a thing where I have tons and tons and tons of Kindle books but I still need a book and I would prefer to have a book in my hands over a candle book
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so different.
SPEAKER_R: it is different. It most definitely is. And they've shown that like only digital can rewire your brain if you never take the time to actually just like sit and read an article in your hands or you know with an actual written piece of newspaper or whatever it may be. It is completely different for your brain and a lot of that has to do with the waves of technology and all that stuff. An entire about the whole thing down.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I don't know, just like
SPEAKER_R: I I was very much and I just came to uh um when I was schooled.
SPEAKER_L: mm I just felt like bring back the dewey decimal system. God, because like I remember having to like social library for like books and getting completely lost. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, we have a reading long to, yep, I was so proud of that thing and you know, I like, yeah, you know another book I fill
SPEAKER_L: Next.
SPEAKER_R: out my log even more. I had at one time I had a long that was like pages and pages long and I would read like whatever I could just to get on that log. Well my mom wasn't real strict about it. So it was like I read every single kid book that we had on our shelf and we had lots of books but I was just like you know, one of more things on my list. So, so I read all the little bitty books too. I read everything.
SPEAKER_L: like I was a kid, I was always like excited for the summer reading list a little bit for like english classes. I was just like uh it's something to look forward to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I have a serious love for reading and I reflect that in my style of teaching and influencing my kids, I'm all about classics to like I will let my kids read fluff also because it's not fair to them to be like, no, all you have to read is this whatever. So I keep plenty of, you know, fluff and fun stuff around too. But I'm trying to develop them a nice library of classics and kind of hunting those out when I go to throw stories. That's what I do. I go to the shelves with books and I dig and find someone square off thing, they don't need it. Uh, someone's old books, they don't know, it does make me happy.
SPEAKER_L: Like what would be your favorite classic?
SPEAKER_R: Um, probably still anne of green Gables, it's like typical old school story of a girl who was like me who was different than everybody else. You know, she was the different girl, but it was in a good way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm gonna look like you've never walked. I've never like red and green gavels like and like, I know they like maybe like a lot of movies and things like never like gravitated towards it. It's
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: movies,
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: the original movie series was so good. That was like one of our classic favorites was the movie serious too. Great Story.
SPEAKER_L: much. I don't know. I always like, we started with like pride and prejudice as like cliches. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: pages is one of my favorite thing. Yeah, that's, I mean that's one um I really like the BBC um kind of mini series with Colin Firth found that to like the video version. I will watch that one like over and over again. I'm a big thing.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. That is like the Great Gatsby I remember was super like super popular with like our classes, an animal farm, animal problems. Really weird.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Let's say in the 90s there was a lot of animals, a lot of strange. I don't like the book flop of art of our age animals and oh, goose bumps. Yeah, we christian kids want a laundry goes. So we, we had our own type of like science fiction. So it wasn't like, my parents were super strict, like, you know, you won't believe that goose bumps, they work your stuff as well as says, yeah, you're not reading this. Uh
SPEAKER_L: You know, I still feel like the response was really like terrifying. Honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Well I I kind of looked into them for my kids and I ended up playing around because I'm like, no, those things, I can see why my parents passed on this because they are kind of there that level where I'm not real comfortable. My kids, no. Is there just so many other things than to read? So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What a cock? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: I could, I could see that beagle face. I can see it. This is he's got the vehicle beds.
SPEAKER_L: True. You like so spoiled.
SPEAKER_R: It's hard not to spoil a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: know. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my goodness, yep, I can see the beagle and I loved it is beagles are sweet taste,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So it is like very she's very skittish because I remember when we first got him, it took like a month to get him to just like come to me without like remembering.
SPEAKER_R: that's the right carrying him. Yeah, we're right here and that's, she gets skittish too. I thought, oh, I always wanted a beagle always. So I got me a beagle mix, but the right terry took over all of that dog. I swear she is the possessive, skittish, crazy little thing if you can get to chill her butt out. She, she's, you know, she's a sweet dog. But yeah, she's like kicked.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Oh no. Yeah, go to yeah or go. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Oh yeah. So spoiled my God.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we made it well in a minute.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even check. I know they gave us a counter somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So technically that start to look for you get well, mindset. 31 and
SPEAKER_R: but until they told us that if we don't, We don't talk the whole 25 then get compensated. But Jose. Yeah, mine doesn't. Where's my camp today? Mine says like five seconds left. But like I had like two minutes, I want to say pride before I started to chat. So if we talk a couple more minutes we're probably good. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Oh, how you know? Uh
SPEAKER_R: we made a shit, my thanks to talk about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I thought that would be an issue, but it's like, okay, this works. What's what?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a talkative person. I don't know, you get me going on something. I will go on, especially my passion it by like home schooling or whatever. Classical fiction, whatever. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: No, like I'm introverted most of the time, so like, like I have a hard time with like small talk, but it's like as soon as you find something that like I have a lot of knowledge about, I'm like, oh yeah, let's do it. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Are you in the music at all? Right. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: the black, my taster kind of everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's a good way to be a time to. I was right, my family was like the musical family, we were all about music. Yeah, we used to get together sunday afternoons and sing together and like different part harmony. Oh
SPEAKER_L: God.
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: Like I'm a clock
SPEAKER_R: my parents would pop a giant thing of popcorn and we would all sing him sunday afternoons.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: me funny.
SPEAKER_R: I still want to do that with my kids, but I trying to get them all in one room and doing something like this. Yeah, they're not but they are definitely starting to get into music, which is making me very happy just uh they like singing and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was acquired kid too, so I'm just like give me harmony and I'll be like so happy.
SPEAKER_R: North asshole. It's fun to have to start having a little bit of that in my own house with the ability to, my daughter can at least carry the main and then I can do the harmonies and stuff. Yeah, it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Look a good thing to incorporate will also be like an instrument to just because it'll also like work their minds to
SPEAKER_R: yep. I am big on that. I play guitar and we have words and that's something she's trying to learn his keyboards. But eventually I would like for her to learn the guitar because the guitar, I feel like it's not necessarily a typical female instrument. It sounds strange but like in high school I was the girl playing guitar,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: and it was my thing. Yeah, so I want to give her that or pass that on to my kids to at least in some part always said I wasn't going to like force an instrument in a way that was like, okay, you are going to have all these lessons and you're going to, you know, I want to do something they can love. Like that wasn't forced on me either. And I think that develops more allowed me to develop my own tastes in music and allowed me to go at my own pace of learning and things like that. I mean, I knew people that their kids could play like concert pianist when they're little bitty. I mean that's cool and all and I know that, um, a couple of them, at least one of them went on to use that later in life as far as like they had, you know, students themselves and she's just a really amazing musician in person. But I decided for my kids, I wasn't going to try the same with sports. I also haven't like pushed them into different types of sports because I feel like you can kind of lose the point of it. So I mean exercise is great, but I would prefer that their exercise b exercise, you know, trying to push them into this thing or that thing and see, you know, if they're gonna like it or not even
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then it also becomes like a waste of money and like,
SPEAKER_R: like that's the thing is you don't want to waste your money, so you kind of push your kids to make sure that they perform because you want to save money is always out of it. Yeah, I'm a pretty chill home schooler. I'm my kids do things that they do things based on the things that they love, truly love and if your kids really love something, they're going to go for it and they're going to sell at it rather than big question to something
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Rather than just like spinning the wheels
SPEAKER_R: Like I have a daughter that does ri I have zero art skills, not
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: she's not gonna learn from me. She is learning that all completely from books and videos and
SPEAKER_L: Every
SPEAKER_R: she's learning that from somebody else because not me, I cannot
SPEAKER_L: Happy.
SPEAKER_R: even draw a stick figure, barely, my
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: drawing looks like potatoes. We've said that before. My kids love one of, one of our favorite fun thing to do is to turn on youtube. There's a Youtube channel where a guy and his son go step by step through creating something and they like that and we'll turn
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: truth.
SPEAKER_R: and we'll do like a challenge and they love when mom is part of the challenge because mine looks like potatoes and they're pretty amazing. Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: It's like the kid version of bob ross except like frustration.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. We do Barbra's to definitely watch Barbara several times to Yeah. And we do a lot of nature shows that they learn. There are so many resources now. Like netflix has so many nature shows. So my favorites are like the british ones. Those cracked me up is hysterical. So we we enjoy that. Well sometimes turn it on an afternoon during like quiet time that time. And my daughter like she retains that stuff. I don't even know how I call her. My little encyclopedia. She retains everything she hears if he hears it or reading in the book, she remembers it. I'm like more power to you. I don't remember anything anymore
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You're
SPEAKER_R: since
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: I've been told I don't remember nothing.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I used
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: to memory.
SPEAKER_L: same. I feel like when you're that young, like your brains are like so quick every
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: week.
SPEAKER_R: a stupid memory. I could remember stuff from like when I was anybody and since I have kids, I don't remember what I'm doing tomorrow. I have to make myself reminders for everything.
SPEAKER_L: saying I'm like, I don't even have kids, so I'm just like, if I ever have kids, like I'm gonna be in trouble.
SPEAKER_R: I think that it's just I don't know old people going I don't know it's safe and that to me a long time ago. Mhm Well this has been delightful and awesome. Thank you for the amazing chat partner
SPEAKER_L: Like I can go. I'm glad like you would like to for engaging.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: like talking. Yeah I love talking to Well it's kind of my jam. Well as you see I don't get much interaction outside a little bit of kids so when I do I go for it.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks, What's going on,
SPEAKER_R: So we are at 11:02 I think we're probably about good now. Oh it
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: says 720 over so I think that we're good on that then on the extra time. Okay 7 27 minutes went fast. I got for another seven minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah. Well, it was a pleasure talking with you.
SPEAKER_R: It was a pleasure doctor. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Like a hard to get interesting conversations because I don't spend a lot of time around people that at my age so it's like uh that's not it.
SPEAKER_R: Well sometimes people my age can be knowing. I don't know like I don't like to talk about things I like to talk about. I'm all about like culture and art and music and all the I was the kid in high school going to the concerts for the music experience. I was the one playing guitar and thinking I was gonna be a rock star so and I can be a little bit weird because you know and some
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: of the things that I enjoy. But
SPEAKER_L: no sad the same except instead of music, I was like really into animated and like japanese culture.
SPEAKER_R: I'm on a date tonight now that I'm older than I was. You know like I said that was the whole territory we didn't get into and your younger son. But I am now more. Yeah my kids are, my kids are into like Pokemon and all that stuff. They're like a Yukio cook mod. There are little starter nerds. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like those are the classics.
SPEAKER_R: yes exactly. Yeah. Their dad was he's he was big into the enemy and all that stuff. So they got that from his said more. Oh
SPEAKER_L: That's good though. Your kids are going to be like super well rounded.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so. I hope so. Yeah. People can have stereotypical views of homeschoolers been anymore. That's just I mean there's just a plethora of things for kids to be involved with. If you allow your kids to be involved with them. You know they'll turn out like average everyday kids. My kids like Minecraft and all that. Like everyone else's kids. But they also will talk to you about classic literature. At least the middle one we'll talk without stopping about that kind of thing and
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: art.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think that's amazing to have them have like that knowledge right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because when they get older and it falls out of their brain then help with some of it will stick.
SPEAKER_L: mhm And I'm not just like addicted to their phones.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Already I've already told them. Yeah we're not getting phones,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know until they are much much much older and you know even then we're it's gonna be some flip phones or not. We're not nonsense of having phones and you're seven years old. I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't get a phone until I was 16 and
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And it was a phone you played snake on. It was a Nokia. Everybody had to nokia phone. Our phones said you had the type like 50 things on a tiny little thing just to get one word. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Try to explain but multiple times to get to the leather.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. Yes. No I want f okay I have to go completely forward. Four. Uh huh. I don't know how we got fast on those but we did we did learn how to express on those. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Remember
SPEAKER_R: And I had yeah I had my five friends. I was a lot of sex. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like the texting competition back then were like 10?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. All that's how text speak was created because you know all the buttons man we had to have something to shorten it a bit mm
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Kids these days don't even know.
SPEAKER_L: No, it makes me so like
SPEAKER_R: When kids. Why about things they have to do or don't have or what I'm like guys yet, I didn't even have a gameboy. Like not until much later. Like you know those are things that got later. But you know, all kids have access to like that kind of stuff. Now.
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: Y'all get candles. We didn't have anything like that. As kids. We just didn't, We have made a speech beacon teaches typing. That's what we had. Yeah. That kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are 12 minutes over I think we interviewed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: wait, no. You said you were into music, What kind of music do you listen to?
SPEAKER_R: Hi listen, I have been into a plethora of music. Um Yeah, when I was younger, I was in high school I was forced into like Van Halen and more like the hard, classic rock and stuff like that. So I listen to everything from harder stuff to christian stuff and your mellow hints.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I don't know. When I was in high school I was like seriously into animals. It was like a lot of like japanese art, like japanese um rock artists and then there was also like the alternative stuff. So that ended up being kind of in that um post rock genre. Like post like post hardcore genre. So like sales and it was like um there's some system of a down there was some
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's like my best friend. She was listening to all that stuff. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: that was like those are still her favorite. She's into like five finger death punch and all that. She likes that. Is there here jane. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I was a part of a small group for a while and sold them like my play was shifted to kill song and kim walker.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: And So like I have like three like old MP three players with just like completely different mix. It's awesome. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: What's your counter say on your side. Mind tells me we have plenty of time.
SPEAKER_L: My says. Yeah. 45 minutes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Right. All right. And then Hey, we talked for an extra 15 minutes. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Burnaby. Like happy about it.
SPEAKER_R: they better be happy about it. We're not wearing people so there better be happy you have plenty of, let's do
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: family.
SPEAKER_L: not going to like analyze for whatever reason. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's been a pleasure talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: It's good talking to you
SPEAKER_R: I hope you have a good rest of your day and get a weekend.
SPEAKER_L: and to like have fun with your kids,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, totally. I'm gonna go outside with them and sit in the sun to be some
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: vitamin D. Outside,
SPEAKER_L: it's, I mean it's not too hot. Oh God, like you're in the south, it's horrible outside.
SPEAKER_R: not even the midwest. So it One day it might be like freezing cold and the next day it's like 80 90. That's how it's been. That's how May has been. May has been strange. We have a tornado warning or it's like fall weather the next day. It's weird. It's been a weird couple of months between that and you know, all this inside stuff. It feels like we're living in the twilight zone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This is a little, Yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well you have a good day.
SPEAKER_L: It's uh