Mhm.
you've been waiting a while?
that's just bring but how do you now?
I'm doing great, how are you?
I miss
those guys, those guys happen before I had Children. Yeah.
my youngest is there's 2.5 so she is an early morning riser more than my others even I Mhm.
Okay,
yep. And they get into everything, yeah
literally everything,
it's our phone now, their energy suckers but they're fun. Mhm
mm.
yes they can't say what's wrong so they just kind of crying correct because their life was interrupted, we happen to me it was dark and nice, I got to nap whatever I wanted to. Um
they're like the noises are much louder out here,
it makes sense why um people use water therapy you know where you can immerse yourself and your ears because you know when you were in the wound that was your life you heard everything through that sound of the water movements all around. Yeah.
Yes and you can even do it in your own bathtub if you're able to like close off things and they do it for therapy.
I mean if you have migraines and stuff, that's why it helps to close everything off. It kind of takes you back to, you know, you don't have anything grabbing all your senses at once. It's just kind of a calm, peaceful place to be. I know they use it in therapy, they use it in both mental and physical health therapies. Um The tanks you're talking about, you can go to actual therapists and they'll do the big water tanks where you can go okay.
Yeah.
And I always want to do it but you know, it costs money so
I agree. Yeah. Yeah. There are some of the hardest things I think to get a hold of.
downstairs helping right now. I can hear her. That's a job for somebody else right now.
Yes, I have a little bit, yeah, she's like a
she's a part rat terrier
mix,
she has something else in her. Her mom was a beagle and they said her dad was ended up being some kind of rat terrier mix so she looks like she's got like a little legal face and the rest of her is like a giant puffball. She got the coloring of a rat terrier but she has long hair. Yes, I swear it looks like a border collie only like this big uh huh
I don't know what he makes of her dad was but she's got some something in her.
Yeah, she's got long hair. I was I didn't expect it to her at all. I thought she'd be short haired like you know like the beagles or even like a rat terrier right there is a short hair too. I have no idea. She's a little her tail alone. Like I said her tail looks like a border collie tail and she's a little bitty thing. Her tail is almost as long as she is in bush's.
yeah,
we
got our from farm friends and they raised vehicles as farm animals. So they usually always bred her with another beagle so that they would get the full blooded cups and they said
that she had gotten with someone down the roads. They, they gave away all the puppies for free and stuff, so we get one of those
so we're not real sure what makes her dad was, but we knew her dad had bacteria in him. They knew that much, but I didn't know much else. The mom was full blooded bagel though, so she using everything she can be, she's just very possessive of like she believes that yard out back is her yard, even if our kids are playing in it. She it's her yard and she's annoying. So she's down there like complaining and protesting there in my yard there in my yellow, he's
Cats are possessive. Yeah, cats
are because yeah,
hold
on,
yep, that sounds like a cat cats do that. Sometimes cats have a room and they're like, no, this is my room,
that's good. Animals are funny. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm.
I can, but like um pointers would be helpful, but there's no wonders
some
person to person if you lay out a thing in front of me. I'm like okay, I can maybe talk about that for a little bit, but
well no started questions. They just want to observe us like rats in a lab. Mm
Yeah, I feel it. Mm
I home school full time. So
thank
you. People care of my kids and doing things like prolific is what I do with my life besides church.
No,
no, it's really not. I was home school so maybe that helps. But like, I mean, I think people can overcomplicate it sometimes and there's just so many resources out there between internet and you know, actual book learning that there's just unlimited resources thankfully. Yeah. I mean you can pretty much home school for next to nothing anymore because of the internet availability and the programs, there's a couple of programmes
are completely free. So we're like K through 12. So I mean, yeah, you can home school pretty easily and pretty cheaply if you want to do, I'm kind of one of those resource bombs. I'm the one that connects other moms to find those helps. Especially right now it's helpful to have when everyone is literally home schooling their kids right now.
I can imagine. And I'm one of those that I'm not going to sit here and fluff your butt and tell you, oh my gosh, it's so easy and you should just figure out because a lot of these moms are like suddenly home working full time plus home schooling full time. And it's which home schooling the way that I home school is different. But probably they also because they're given a
certain amount of packets and things and things got to go places and get back to their teachers and the kids gotta zoom their teachers and then they got to assume their bosses and I can't imagine how maddening that must be here, how it is to juggle all of that, especially just like all of a sudden
listen.
huh Well and besides families having enough say like computers available or whatever, you know for their kids plus themselves, I mean everything has to rely on
the internet at that point, I can't imagine how much that would completely upset your whole entire life to have to get a homemade routine because
mine got to be gradual and
because I made this decision a long time ago, so my kids have always been home schooled, so it wasn't like I was trying to juggle a full life and you know full work schedule plus kids all at once. Like I can't imagine
that's
very important to me. Yes and that's really important to me. Hands on. Learning is so important. Like my kids are being taught to cook full meals, not
this minute, I feel like I'm teaching them elements. Say like my daughter is learning how to cook desserts right now. I know that's not vital, but that's something that will motivate her. Well motivate her to make a batch of cookies, motivator, make her own eggs in the morning. So people in those things, she's 11.5 and she said, I've taught her how to use a coffee pot. I taught her how to, you know, there's a lot of things that taught her, I've taught how to use the laundry machine. Both washer and dryer. Yeah. And the little guy, he's seven and he um, he gets lesser test that G but he really loves cook with you. If you bring you, look, he wants to come cook with you. He's the one I think that wants to be like, he's like, I'm going to be a shift. I'm like, okay. He wants to be like big time. So yeah, it is the cool part about that is yes, I can teach them life skills as well.
Things that they may not be able to learn in a traditional
school setting.
Yeah. They don't have comics really anymore in schools. I kind of cut that out of the law schools and that's a lot more of a extra curricula.
Right. Well that's another thing I try to tell parents if they really, I mean just no matter what school studying your kid is read with your child as much as you can, they should be reading books. You need to be in books. I mean there's so much education to be found in books and it's so good for your brain. There's been huge studies done, huge studies done on both reading to your Children honestly out loud and then reading to themselves and to each other. It's very very good for them. It grows their brain. So
I mean something as simple as reading, making sure the kid is reading every day is important.
yep, and that's how I know that I used to be, I don't know how it is now, but yeah, I agree with you that I feel like technologies that and I hope that kind of becomes revamped after all of this, I hope this entire time um
of the, you know, just with everything that we come back with, the educational revamp, the kids have different needs and that our education needed an overhaul. We need to go back to some of those hands on type things, the home X. And the reading hours and things like that. I mean I know they do do some reading. I'm sure they do plenty of reading but I mean I think that we need to put our focus less on technology and more on hands on books in our hands. There's something about it. I I still have a thing where I have tons and tons and tons of Kindle books but I still need a book and I would prefer to have a book in my hands over a candle book
and
it is different. It most definitely is. And they've shown that like only digital can rewire your brain if you never take the time to actually just like sit and read an article in your hands or you know with an actual written piece of newspaper or whatever it may be. It is completely different for your brain and a lot of that has to do with the waves of technology and all that stuff. An entire about the whole thing down.
I I was very much and I just came to uh um when I was schooled.
Oh yeah, we have a reading long to, yep, I was so proud of that thing and you know, I like, yeah, you know another book I fill
out my log even more. I had at one time I had a long that was like pages and pages long and I would read like whatever I could just to get on that log. Well my mom wasn't real strict about it. So it was like I read every single kid book that we had on our shelf and we had lots of books but I was just like you know, one of more things on my list. So, so I read all the little bitty books too. I read everything.
yeah. I have a serious love for reading and I reflect that in my style of teaching and influencing my kids, I'm all about classics to like I will let my kids read fluff also because it's not fair to them to be like, no, all you have to read is this whatever. So I keep plenty of, you know, fluff and fun stuff around too. But I'm trying to develop them a nice library of classics and kind of hunting those out when I go to throw stories. That's what I do. I go to the shelves with books and I dig and find someone square off thing, they don't need it. Uh, someone's old books, they don't know, it does make me happy.
Um, probably still anne of green Gables, it's like typical old school story of a girl who was like me who was different than everybody else. You know, she was the different girl, but it was in a good way.
The
movies,
the original movie series was so good. That was like one of our classic favorites was the movie serious too. Great Story.
pages is one of my favorite thing. Yeah, that's, I mean that's one um I really like the BBC um kind of mini series with Colin Firth found that to like the video version. I will watch that one like over and over again. I'm a big thing.
Mhm Let's say in the 90s there was a lot of animals, a lot of strange. I don't like the book flop of art of our age animals and oh, goose bumps. Yeah, we christian kids want a laundry goes. So we, we had our own type of like science fiction. So it wasn't like, my parents were super strict, like, you know, you won't believe that goose bumps, they work your stuff as well as says, yeah, you're not reading this. Uh
Well I I kind of looked into them for my kids and I ended up playing around because I'm like, no, those things, I can see why my parents passed on this because they are kind of there that level where I'm not real comfortable. My kids, no. Is there just so many other things than to read? So.
Yeah,
I could, I could see that beagle face. I can see it. This is he's got the vehicle beds.
It's hard not to spoil a
little
Oh
my goodness, yep, I can see the beagle and I loved it is beagles are sweet taste,
that's the right carrying him. Yeah, we're right here and that's, she gets skittish too. I thought, oh, I always wanted a beagle always. So I got me a beagle mix, but the right terry took over all of that dog. I swear she is the possessive, skittish, crazy little thing if you can get to chill her butt out. She, she's, you know, she's a sweet dog. But yeah, she's like kicked.
Yeah,
I don't even check. I know they gave us a counter somewhere.
but until they told us that if we don't, We don't talk the whole 25 then get compensated. But Jose. Yeah, mine doesn't. Where's my camp today? Mine says like five seconds left. But like I had like two minutes, I want to say pride before I started to chat. So if we talk a couple more minutes we're probably good. Mhm
we made a shit, my thanks to talk about.
I'm a talkative person. I don't know, you get me going on something. I will go on, especially my passion it by like home schooling or whatever. Classical fiction, whatever. Mhm.
Are you in the music at all? Right. Yeah,
I think that's a good way to be a time to. I was right, my family was like the musical family, we were all about music. Yeah, we used to get together sunday afternoons and sing together and like different part harmony. Oh
that was
my parents would pop a giant thing of popcorn and we would all sing him sunday afternoons.
That
was,
I still want to do that with my kids, but I trying to get them all in one room and doing something like this. Yeah, they're not but they are definitely starting to get into music, which is making me very happy just uh they like singing and stuff. Yeah.
North asshole. It's fun to have to start having a little bit of that in my own house with the ability to, my daughter can at least carry the main and then I can do the harmonies and stuff. Yeah, it's fine.
yep. I am big on that. I play guitar and we have words and that's something she's trying to learn his keyboards. But eventually I would like for her to learn the guitar because the guitar, I feel like it's not necessarily a typical female instrument. It sounds strange but like in high school I was the girl playing guitar,
you know
and it was my thing. Yeah, so I want to give her that or pass that on to my kids to at least in some part always said I wasn't going to like force an instrument in a way that was like, okay, you are going to have all these lessons and you're going to, you know, I want to do something they can love. Like that wasn't forced on me either. And I think that develops more allowed me to develop my own tastes in music and allowed me to go at my own pace of learning and things like that. I mean, I knew people that their kids could play like concert pianist when they're little bitty. I mean that's cool and all and I know that, um, a couple of them, at least one of them went on to use that later in life as far as like they had, you know, students themselves and she's just a really amazing musician in person. But I decided for my kids, I wasn't going to try the same with sports. I also haven't like pushed them into different types of sports because I feel like you can kind of lose the point of it. So I mean exercise is great, but I would prefer that their exercise b exercise, you know, trying to push them into this thing or that thing and see, you know, if they're gonna like it or not even
like that's the thing is you don't want to waste your money, so you kind of push your kids to make sure that they perform because you want to save money is always out of it. Yeah, I'm a pretty chill home schooler. I'm my kids do things that they do things based on the things that they love, truly love and if your kids really love something, they're going to go for it and they're going to sell at it rather than big question to something
Like I have a daughter that does ri I have zero art skills, not
she's not gonna learn from me. She is learning that all completely from books and videos and
she's learning that from somebody else because not me, I cannot
even draw a stick figure, barely, my
drawing looks like potatoes. We've said that before. My kids love one of, one of our favorite fun thing to do is to turn on youtube. There's a Youtube channel where a guy and his son go step by step through creating something and they like that and we'll turn
that
on
and we'll do like a challenge and they love when mom is part of the challenge because mine looks like potatoes and they're pretty amazing. Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
Yeah. Yeah. We do Barbra's to definitely watch Barbara several times to Yeah. And we do a lot of nature shows that they learn. There are so many resources now. Like netflix has so many nature shows. So my favorites are like the british ones. Those cracked me up is hysterical. So we we enjoy that. Well sometimes turn it on an afternoon during like quiet time that time. And my daughter like she retains that stuff. I don't even know how I call her. My little encyclopedia. She retains everything she hears if he hears it or reading in the book, she remembers it. I'm like more power to you. I don't remember anything anymore
since
I've been told I don't remember nothing.
I used
to memory.
had
a stupid memory. I could remember stuff from like when I was anybody and since I have kids, I don't remember what I'm doing tomorrow. I have to make myself reminders for everything.
I think that it's just I don't know old people going I don't know it's safe and that to me a long time ago. Mhm Well this has been delightful and awesome. Thank you for the amazing chat partner
I
like talking. Yeah I love talking to Well it's kind of my jam. Well as you see I don't get much interaction outside a little bit of kids so when I do I go for it.
So we are at 11:02 I think we're probably about good now. Oh it
says 720 over so I think that we're good on that then on the extra time. Okay 7 27 minutes went fast. I got for another seven minutes.
It was a pleasure doctor. What do you do?
Well sometimes people my age can be knowing. I don't know like I don't like to talk about things I like to talk about. I'm all about like culture and art and music and all the I was the kid in high school going to the concerts for the music experience. I was the one playing guitar and thinking I was gonna be a rock star so and I can be a little bit weird because you know and some
of the things that I enjoy. But
I'm on a date tonight now that I'm older than I was. You know like I said that was the whole territory we didn't get into and your younger son. But I am now more. Yeah my kids are, my kids are into like Pokemon and all that stuff. They're like a Yukio cook mod. There are little starter nerds. Yeah.
yes exactly. Yeah. Their dad was he's he was big into the enemy and all that stuff. So they got that from his said more. Oh
I hope so. I hope so. Yeah. People can have stereotypical views of homeschoolers been anymore. That's just I mean there's just a plethora of things for kids to be involved with. If you allow your kids to be involved with them. You know they'll turn out like average everyday kids. My kids like Minecraft and all that. Like everyone else's kids. But they also will talk to you about classic literature. At least the middle one we'll talk without stopping about that kind of thing and
art.
Yeah. Because when they get older and it falls out of their brain then help with some of it will stick.
Yeah. Already I've already told them. Yeah we're not getting phones,
you know until they are much much much older and you know even then we're it's gonna be some flip phones or not. We're not nonsense of having phones and you're seven years old. I don't think so.
Exactly. And it was a phone you played snake on. It was a Nokia. Everybody had to nokia phone. Our phones said you had the type like 50 things on a tiny little thing just to get one word. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yes. Yes. No I want f okay I have to go completely forward. Four. Uh huh. I don't know how we got fast on those but we did we did learn how to express on those. Uh huh.
And I had yeah I had my five friends. I was a lot of sex. Yeah.
Yes. All that's how text speak was created because you know all the buttons man we had to have something to shorten it a bit mm
Kids these days don't even know.
When kids. Why about things they have to do or don't have or what I'm like guys yet, I didn't even have a gameboy. Like not until much later. Like you know those are things that got later. But you know, all kids have access to like that kind of stuff. Now.
Y'all get candles. We didn't have anything like that. As kids. We just didn't, We have made a speech beacon teaches typing. That's what we had. Yeah. That kind of stuff.
are 12 minutes over I think we interviewed. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah,
Hi listen, I have been into a plethora of music. Um Yeah, when I was younger, I was in high school I was forced into like Van Halen and more like the hard, classic rock and stuff like that. So I listen to everything from harder stuff to christian stuff and your mellow hints.
Yeah. That's like my best friend. She was listening to all that stuff. Yeah,
that was like those are still her favorite. She's into like five finger death punch and all that. She likes that. Is there here jane. Okay,
Thanks.
What's your counter say on your side. Mind tells me we have plenty of time.
Right. All right. And then Hey, we talked for an extra 15 minutes. Uh huh.
they better be happy about it. We're not wearing people so there better be happy you have plenty of, let's do
family.
Well, it's been a pleasure talking to you.
I hope you have a good rest of your day and get a weekend.
Yeah, totally. I'm gonna go outside with them and sit in the sun to be some
vitamin D. Outside,
not even the midwest. So it One day it might be like freezing cold and the next day it's like 80 90. That's how it's been. That's how May has been. May has been strange. We have a tornado warning or it's like fall weather the next day. It's weird. It's been a weird couple of months between that and you know, all this inside stuff. It feels like we're living in the twilight zone.
well you have a good day.