that's what
I'm hanging in there, can't play. Yeah
yeah I can hear you pretty good. How about me?
deal.
No this is uh it's kind of my first time doing this about
you
that's pretty neat. That's that's cool. Where
are you from?
I'm
in New Orleans,
that's what it's uh it's pretty neat. I've always wanted to visit Seattle, you know like uh here a lot of grunge up there and all that and all that cool stuff.
that
makes
sense.
That's probably a smart move. Um I
feel like that's becoming the new kind of thing. Everybody wants, you know like everybody wants to be away from the metropolitan area because it's just so packed, you know
and it is it's just prices are going up and up and there's all this land like out in the middle of nowhere that it's like hey it's cheap so why not?
Yeah that's cool. Do you guys have a lot of like outdoorsy stuff in Seattle Sweet,
that's
neat.
Oh geez, I don't sound fun.
Mhm. Yeah, I'm not a fantasy snow, I've never lived anywhere up north, but like a few times it snows here, it's like it's like a natural disaster, like everybody's like doesn't know what to do
man.
There you go, That sounds cool. How have
you been there before? Uh
There you go. Cool.
just uh rolling around traveling, you know? That's awesome. Um
I've been cooped up man, it's kind of crazy. Um Just like all these plans like um I was actually gonna go to Los Angeles for the hell of mega tour um Like with uh follow Boy and Green Day and all that and Weezer
and
it's like a triple triple play and then like the interrupters are gonna be there. Uh but luckily it's been rescheduled to next year, so you have time to buy tickets.
Yeah. The hell of mega ture.
Yeah, they and they keep on coming back and doing new stuff, so it's like sweet, you know,
some of
the company.
That's
like, it's like one of those things, I feel like in like 30 years it's gonna be like back in my day we went. So weezer and green day on the
july is uh in Los Angeles Police. Yeah, they're all over the place. Mhm.
Nice.
There
you go. That's awesome. Yeah, they have one closer to me in like texas or whatever, but my girlfriend's family lives in California, so it's like a nice excuse to go like visit them.
No.
Are you are you a musician?
No?
that's uh that's what I do at night, I guess. You know when I have to work with computers all day and then I had night musician by night, struggling
musician at night too. I work to fund my music so I can just like play more. So
that's pretty much it.
That's
yeah, there's a lot of things like that, you know, they just add up and I found that especially with musical
stuff like just start is the thing and just go for it.
There's
there's
Yeah, you look like looking back on it like I could have done this because then that really, you know, set set apart like 15 minutes a day and like just try an instrument, you know like like a little like that's a really cheap like low key board, you know, it's like 100 bucks, you know? Um uh
it's uh same for anything like if it's guitar anything like you'll be like amazed how much you grow like just by that little bit you know it's like But I do lessons and stuff like that and the biggest thing is consistency. Somebody that plays a lot like you've got a lot but consistently will do like 10 times better than somebody that just kind of like it's better to spend 15 minutes a day than like five hours on the weekend. Like on one saturday. You know I
found.
The negotiations.
I do I work at an I. T. I do like pretty much jack of all trades like um like
networking servers, desktops, laptops, printers sometimes. Uh
So I do enjoy networking the most because kind of like it's fun and you don't really have to deal with. It's
like the way I see you're like building the road like the digital road so it's kind of unique and different like that so I just dig that. And um then again I feel like if I did that full time my favorite thing is working with people to you know so it's like I'd probably be like I can't do this like don't put me in a cubicle you know? How about you?
It's
That's awesome, awesome. Yeah python is really good for um like very
versatile language. It's it's funny um There's so many languages that have like resurfaced over the years like when I was younger it would be like well who needs javascript you know? That's stupid you know? And then now it's like oh you do javascript come here boy, you know you're
hired. You know you just you
just Sprinkle your resume with a bunch of like buzzwords like. Yeah I do know Js you know I'm a good agile you know like just call it a day.
that makes sense. That's probably the uh smart way to do it because I wouldn't want to go to like into classes right now.
I
think I'm doing some online stuff but like I don't I don't want to go.
that's
That's
what
what
university does that
that's
not
I heard you
man.
I
know
Yeah that's how I felt like I just turned 29 so I'm like oh keep telling us like at least I'm not 30 but I know it's not it doesn't really make a difference you know it's
like
All
that
That
man.
Uh Yeah it was uh we didn't really do much this year. Just uh hung out for my birthday and like what to eat, like everybody wanted to take us to you so it was like at least we're like doing the whole like in new Orleans everything is kind of like half shut down so like you can't you can't have like occupancy and stuff and like you have to wear a mask unless you're like cheering food basically. So uh like I try to stay away from uh like there's a few places that are like just packed crowded like sardines and it's like I don't want to be anywhere near there. Um But everybody's like for me and my girlfriend have a birthday three days apart so we just we like its like ok like they wanted to take us out of, my brother wants to take us out. It's like oh you know it was just back to back to back. I feel like a game like £20
from that week. I'm just like oh God I literally was like I did it was like well what do you want to have? Like I don't want to eat anything was like three, it was like five days after my birthday and I'm like I'm just I'm just done. Can we just not eat every Yeah.
There are phase.
That's
good.
that's
that's
rough.
Mhm. Yeah I'm really disappointed that we didn't um I would have rather had like a hard shutdown for like 3-6 months and just called it a day you know and then um um like been done with it or like so minimal. It doesn't matter. But
I think New
Zealand
Well USA # one. Yeah. Yeah that's that's the one thing I'm disappointed. It's like it's like I've heard it both ways and it's just so rough you know? I don't know how you feel about things or whatever. I just like I don't really care anymore. It's just I wish it was just like we could do something altogether and just move past it. It's like we're just stuck and it kind of sucks and dragging everybody down, you know?
Exactly. Not even acknowledge that there's like some psychological effects so we will get like claustrophobic with like it feels a little different but it's like man at the end of the day like okay well that's your right to not wear it. That's your right to stay home to or get kicked out of wherever. All right. Mhm. Mhm.
All right. I've been wanting to get like a little travel trailer or whatever and just like run away and it's like I can't get one right now because of everything. You know, everything's just rough right now and then like the not only like with that, everything is like double what it should be like prices are through the roof because everybody has the same idea as me I guess. You know like
everybody
wants to get away. So it's like oh man, So it's like yeah, yeah you're approved but it's like it's 13% interest now. It's like what it's like
this is already it's already double the price of what it was like the same unit is like, you know 50% more. I was like oh this is a $15,000 train now, it's like 2025 it's like cheese. And then on top of that they're like well the lenders aren't doing the same interest rates anymore, they're doing them at like 13 plus or whatever. They started 11 now. And I'm like, man, I really makes you wish because I went through the process and I just didn't like couldn't find one that I really, really wanted and I was like, I'll just wait, you know, till you know, prices will come down. And then Covid happened,
it
was like jeez, because I've gotten approving everything was like okay yeah, it's like 4.5% and it's like okay, cool, that's not that bad. You know? I'm like I'll do it and it's like okay now now you're screwed. Like uh Because that's a lot, man, like, like percentage interest like makes the payment obnoxious. Like it like I think it doubled or tripled the payment amount because over 10 years so that adds up. Yeah, mm. Uh
I'm waiting for everybody. Like, when this is all over, everybody's like, alright, I'm done with my trailer and like there's an overflow of use trailers, I'm hoping. Hopefully.
Uh Yeah, that and I think it was cars man, like I went um my car craft, I was trying to buy a car and they're like, I went to like three different dealerships and they're like, yeah, no, we're sold out of used vehicles newer than 2000 and five. Like we have no vehicles on the line like, but I see like 50 cars, they're all paid for, and I'm
like
Uh huh.
I
think
that's
I think it's um I think it's slightly better now because it was like in that that March to like uh like june july was pretty bad than august, it started like kind of having inventory again, so I think it shouldn't be too bad, but it was like used prices are all like I ended up buying a new truck that I couldn't buy a used truck for the same price. Um So I was just kind of like, I was just confused, like it didn't make sense, It's like it just the numbers just didn't add up. Like people are selling used like 2000 and like 14 trucks with the same price that I could get this new truck from a buddy of mine that has a dealership. So I was like
everybody has been buying cars. It's weird like I guess the stimulus check and the unemployment, that's what my friend said because what with the unemployment, the amount of income that people got injected Is enough to qualify for like up to like $150,000 car, $100,000 car technically because the payments would be like I don't know like $1,000 a month on $100,000 car you know stretched out. Um.
Yeah I mean like program
I
got
like
at least. Uh
it was crazy man, I didn't qualify for any of it. And uh we had so many customers like there's like a dentist for example like he had a like front to front desk ladies. He's like I can't get anybody to come work the desk because they're making more like three times more than what I pay him too come in. So like so like I can't get anybody to come work. So I was like that's crazy when you think about it like man these these like everybody's getting like more than I make working like an I. T. Job you know? So it's
like it's like
right, I don't know the qualification of unemployment qualifications kind of them. I think like it should have been like a blanket kind of thing like like they should have forgiven your one job or whatever that you quit or whatever it was.
Well that's uh that's good then I guess it's a one
way to look at
it.
that's a good way of looking at it. You say you're like are you recovering or you have some issues
or
how cool.
Mhm.
That's
good.
mm hmm
that's
it's
too
accessible.
Does
this work?
Sweet.
Yeah man, I'm proud of you do. That's cool.
up the good work.
I know that's
rough.
That's
man it's uh well it's good that you remember that stuff, I mean, I don't know, people spend too much time like thinking about like keeping up with the jones or whatever, like, like thinking like, oh, well my buddy or like, oh, this guy on facebook is doing this and like, wow, he's 30 and like, look how he has like, all this nice stuff or whatever. And like, you know, like I get stuck in that too. Like, I'll see all these people on instagram with like 50 guitars and stuff. I'm like, oh
man, you know, we're just just things like that, you know? And it's like, oh man, I'm so behind. But at the end of the day, I think what really matters is you kind of, you really just kind of compare yourself to your old to you because it's your race. You know, it's
not
like everybody else is posting like themselves in their highlight reel, you know? And you're comparing your
like absolute
worse
to
that and it's like easy to get caught up in that.
All
okay. Like they'll
try
to be happy.
All
that's
definitely an issue. But it's a social media is pretty bad, man. Like I'm pretty convinced it's pretty toxic for the human race. Like, um just it hits that reward center, you know, in your brain and it it can cause a lot of issues like even like with the comparing yourself things like kind of thing, all that, you know, just seeing like, even if unless you really think about it, like how, you know, somebody write that posts, all this fake stuff Like especially like teenagers that can't that are still growing, like can't differentiate. They they see this stuff and they're like, oh yeah, it's normal to be like 19 and have a Lamborghini or whatever. You know why don't why don't I have a frickin mansion or why am I not? You know like all these things to there is no good from it you know like I guess you could say it inspires or it can but like to have that much of it, I think it's just kind of much because when you bury yourself in it
tough.
I'm like
and then like you see like your friend like moved moved you off your top off their top like you go to school and actually like dude you took me out like what's your problem? You
know we're like we're like
oh this girl put me put put like like some random doodle like a state should put you on her top aide dude what the fuck? And I'm like
dude I don't even know like what's your
front?
we thought we were bro's brother, you know my girl? I'm like what like all that stuff.
It really is. Uh
how
is it
looking
good for
me?
it was a blast
man.
Uh Good luck and everything and uh it was a pleasure. Thanks
man. Take it easy.