good, how are you doing?
Can you hear me all right on this?
yeah we're all good. Have you done
one of these before?
I
did one in lake back in august and it was pretty cool. Talk to some lady from texas I think.
Get
away to make like 50. I'm in Seattle. What
about you?
Oh nice. That's pretty
Yeah it's kind of been crazy this year just with everything. But I kind of got out of the heart of the city though. I I was right in the downtown where everything was getting crazy in protests all the time and smashing windows so I kind of like a few weeks ago moved like an hour out of the city just for a few months
I
was like I'm
tired of this,
correct?
yeah and it's so expensive there it's crazy.
Mhm. Yeah and it's like you know take advantage of the nature up here.
yeah it's like it's all everyone does
Except
now it's getting to the rainy season which today was really nice but the 10 day forecast it's literally written every day so
No you just have to take it. Like I used to live in a different city that got a lot of snow though so I'll take grain over snow.
that's like Seattle because it hardly snows here and when it does like this city shuts down.
Meanwhile my hometown we can have feet of snow in the city is still running. It's like a yeah you can I want to move down to like san Diego.
and it was awesome.
Yeah. When it launched here just on a trip for I was there for a couple weeks because I ended up not taking my flight home. I was like you know what, I'm going to stay here and then with texas for a while and then ended up in Seattle again and I was just like, because I'm in Seattle now.
It is what it is. Yeah.
Yeah, it was fun. I can't really do that this year.
Well, I
didn't even care about this would be awesome.
Okay, I'm gonna cut up, what's it called?
Yeah, I'm definitely gonna look that up because followed boy was in a jam when I was a teenager.
Yeah, I didn't heard them
while,
but That's awesome. Like Green Day two and Wheezer.
Yeah, that's awesome. I'll definitely check it out.
Yeah. Oh yeah, cool. It's in july.
Oh, they're doing it in Seattle to Okay,
well if I'm still here,
I'm going to that.
Yeah, the next time is it's not even that expensive. Okay, thank you. This is definitely
doing this.
No.
Are you? Well, you have like instruments behind yourself, assuming?
No.
That's awesome.
I want to learn piano at some point. It's been
one of my plans for years and I've never done anything about it.
christ
when
I used
to have like a piano in the house, I lived in years ago and I was there for four years and I kind of started and then I stopped and like, well that was stupid. I should have done it.
was something like that now. Would that be cool? Yeah.
that makes
sense. You'll have to check and do it. What do you do for like,
what's your work? Computer
Okay.
Yeah,
mask
I'm studying computer science and like coding.
I mean I thought well I know python and stuff but I'm just getting back into a lot of stuff
version.
true.
No.
Well I mean a lot of it was like just Googling stuff anyway and it's like I don't have to do something. It's like I'm sure someone has come up with this code so I can just copy and paste it into your, it's like yeah it's fine. I like it so just doing like online stuff for now and then see where that goes.
You
know.
No well then I'm gonna do the W. G. You. Program which is all online and it's all self paced competency based. You just pay for six months and get as many classes done as you can in that time. You can just test out of stuff so
you can do it a lot faster because I never did my area or anything like college wise, so I can just like test out of all the like english and maths and stuff like
that and focus on the stuff I need. Yeah, so that's what
I'm working
on.
It's called
Western
Governors University And they just have, I mean there's one base in every state, I think it's mostly based in Utah that I just do the Washington one. Yeah, yeah, I'm probably gonna start that in a couple months because after finish some pre recs like calculus is a pre Iraq and stuff like that, Just easing into stuff. I kinda, I just turned 30 this year and my twenties was out of control. Like I actually just wanted to like, yeah, I'm in recovery like finally sobered up and stuff so it's like I literally, I'm starting over like, it's like,
take
it serious. I'm an adult now. Like I
should have
been adult for many years. But
Comes
fast. The last year in your 20s goes quick. Yeah, it's soft to turn 38. Like my birthday was in March and it was like, right, when everything closed,
I'm like,
there's a big old birthday, everything closed so I couldn't do anything. And
you know,
I was just like sitting at my apartment. I had at the time with like my roommate and was just like, what do you do? Like Yeah, whatever.
Job.
That's awesome. Yeah. Our places are still like, I don't even know what phase we're in right now. But like Washington,
our governor was on top of it. Like from the beginning, we were one of the first
to
completely shut down. But we also have the right by Seattle is Kirkland where all the first cases first happened in the U. S. So it was kinda like
weird
what's happening
and then it was like spread and it's like there goes yeah I'm like this will only be a few months and freaking it's gonna be another year.
some countries did and then they're all doing golden now and us
is
having record cases right now. It's like yeah you dropped the ball. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah it's I don't know it's stupid that like health is like a political issue. I mean don't make anything a political issue but it's like no this is actually a pandemic thing. Like you're not proving a point by not wearing a mask in public. It's just proving to be an asshole. Like it's like it's just a map, you can breathe.
Well now that's one here. It will be a lot easier. Just not go anywhere anyway.
I don't recall that thing
of everyone. Yeah.
jeez.
Uh That's that's
about timing.
Well maybe not sure. It'll be better.
that could be true.
It's
like mhm
That's bad. I need to because I haven't had a car because I've been living in Seattle and I like that would have been a pain to have one because I was supposed to work and everything, but now that I'm often like the suburbs somewhere, I'm like, it sucks not having one, but freaking you haven't even started looking yet, so that sucks. Apparently
I should
start looking
at.
That's hard. And especially weird because everyone started working from home for a lot for the most parts.
I have a lot of friends. We're making much more money off the unemployment. Then they were making up their job and I was like that I didn't get any. I was like, this sucks.
And
I was
trying
to serving job because I've been a server and bartender and it's like everything closed right when I was looking for work and I didn't qualify for unemployment because before that I had quit it. I was just like, yeah, I got screwed. I got the stimulus so that worked. But
But yeah, everyone's getting like an extra 600 a week on top of their unemployment. I was like, this is stupid now. Sure.
That's
yeah. I don't know how that works. That was that was too much money
honestly. I've never even tried so I should have but I didn't have rich or anything so I was just like whatever, it's fine because I was living somewhere for free and I was just like I didn't eat it and I probably would have spent it on bad stuff like drugs and alcohol, so it's like whatever. Mhm.
Just
tell
myself anyway, so I didn't need that anyway.
Yeah, I'm
gonna treatment.
Sure.
Yeah, addiction.
It's not my
first time but definitely my last because yeah,
I'm doing like uh huh. I did a like I had to do a detox and then a rehab and now I'm in like a nine week, I'm like living in an apartment but I go to classes every day there so it's kind of like an outpatient but I've taken drug tests and stuff and it just kind of eases you back into life freaking I just
went dark
paths in Seattle. That's why I also like love Seattle because I was just like I couldn't
stay
there. Yeah. Just the scene I was involved in and in talks with people
and
stress not just miss out and making sure
right next to a uh nature reserve going runs and stuff. Yeah. It's awesome. I wish I might try picking up snowboarding or skiing because that's what everyone keeps wanting to do when it gets closer to winter because there's so many mountains around here too. But it's no so much that I'm just like not really wanting to go to that. Yeah.
And I
think it
feels something
it is. I don't know if you've dealt with anyone that has it, but it's freaking, it's crazy how me and like the other people, my friends here just like completely through our lives away and then you like sober up and get clean after a few weeks and I mean it's been like almost a few months now, but I'm just like, what was I doing? Like that was not a life worth living and then I have all these goals, like the coding and everything that I've got right back
into and it's like, yeah, A little further behind in life that I want to be some 30. But I somehow remember most python and everything. I was like doing it the other day. I was like how my brain not like lost this. Yeah.
obvious.
I'll take
point.
You know
something
about
it?
Yeah, I don't even look at facebook anymore so it's just like such it's such be a slight, I'll see people posting stuff and then I'll be like,
it's people that I'm hanging out with and I'm like you're miserable. Like it stop pretending that you're like happy. Like I don't know, I mean I try to be happy and stuff but like, I don't know
have
the threat
of all these pictures about like going on trips and stuff all over the world and I'm like I'm sitting with you in Seattle,
you haven't gone anywhere. Like who are you trying to impress? Like random inter people? And he's like, it just makes me feel better about myself. I'm like, okay, that's the whole issue that I don't want to delve into
like some psych.
definitely. Yeah. Our age group is the one that like, yeah, probably was really damaging because my space was huge when we were like teenagers. Like I just remember all the drama from that and people like rearranging
their top eight friends and like idea with friends and moving someone and it's just like, it's
all a bit like
I know.
its strength.
No,
no,
no. Uh
So dumb. But so true like.
All right. Looks like, Oh yeah, it's been 25.
Well, good.
Thanks. So yeah, 27 over the counter.
It's
fun
to travel with you
that
you think?
Yeah. Have fun down there. Thank you so much appreciate it.