Are you crazy? Okay, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, you start with that and in another month. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. No. Mhm. Yeah. Have a question. Yeah. Hello? Uh No. I think mom wanted to order pizza tonight again, so we're just gonna do that. Yeah. We're gonna probably get like, dominoes again. Uh Okay. We'll get some for you to then. All right. Let me what? Why? Oh, okay. That's what. We'll still order you some so you can have some tomorrow. Would you want some tomorrow? Everything? Okay. So, we'll just order for us then? Okay. I love you. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Right. Uh huh. Right. Hello? How's it going?
I'm doing well. Um do you care if I'll start a timer for us? Just that we know comes up cool. All right. We're good. How's it going?
My
name
is Jesse, Gina
Jesse.
I'm over here in Arizona. How about you?
All right on. So, have you done one of these before? This is the first time you've done these conversations?
I
don't
know.
This is actually my yeah, that's the third one. I think I've done I did to others. I don't know. I think they were like a while ago. It was more than a few weeks ago.
But
Yeah. Did you have a, do you have good luck with the conversation partners?
That's good. So how's how's life treating you over in Arkansas?
Right. Yeah, pretty much just staying quarantined and everything.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Um Yeah, we're I've got a mom in the house who is over 65 so you know, we're uh oh right, I'm sorry she's not 65 yet yet. I I qualifier though, you know, she's in that high risk category so we're trying to be very careful. Uh
Oh yeah. I mean that's that's where I've always been. I like this is my like childhood home now. I own it like it's it is what it is. We've always been sort of a family unit. So
how about you? Do you have any uh interview family?
How long have you been in the U. S.
Hi there.
Hi husband. I'm jesse. Mhm.
There's
what kind of what kind of if you don't mind me asking, what kind of work does your husband do?
I'm an I. T. That's crazy. I'm like I'm like your basic tier one guy. I work for a university as like their their tier one sort of like call center support for like everyone students staff faculty. So Yeah doing that for like six years.
So
so like I've the nice thing about my job is that like I'm very much one of those people that like I'm not so much career driven like I'm more I'm more life oriented. Like I don't I don't make like the most money in the world being an I. T. But I make enough like I have like the perks of the job which is you know I get to clock out you know I don't I don't I'm not like constantly on call if something breaks like I'm not the
guy they
call. So you know I do really I do a lot of the basic stuff you know basic customer support I'd say like while my role is I. T. Like I'm much more like a customer service representative. You know what I mean? Like that's that's where my skill sets are is
just
talking to people.
you know. Yeah I do basic stuff, password resets you know make sure you try restarting your computer, try a different
web browser. All that you know basic stuff like any of the any of
the real real text stuff I say for the higher ups you know like that's they get paid the big bucks for fixing that stuff. That's probably what your your husband more specializes in. Right.
Yeah. I imagine like probably like keeping keeping the internet you know, working or the network all that
stuff.
So that that definitely seems like more of that like higher tier category that Yeah I just avoid because like I just I don't want the pressure. I'm very
much like
I like I like the I like the lifestyle I have at the moment affords me to pay my bills, have some spending money and and I don't have to I don't have to have the added stress of you know the higher income level. What
about you? What do you do?
All
no.
So that's like a family is like a family owned laundromat or something?
Very cool. Our people, it's like, I mean is that has that been hurting because of the pandemic?
What
has that has has their business like been hurting because of the pandemic? Or are they still doing?
Like, like the small business loans and stuff. Good.
So you guys,
you guys
that that's good. That's good. Well, are things picking up now are kind of returning to normal?
Arizona is like, I don't know if you know much about over here, but like, we're like the opposite. We were just like, hey, precautions, what are those? We don't need those. So like
yeah, it's just, it's just dumb. Like people just are are without masks everywhere and you know, we've got we've got spikes in cases. It's yeah it's cool
falling
about
Korea.
Was
that what was that?
Um The what list? Sorry?
right. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Portland is where? Yeah, they like all the riots and stuff are going on as far as I can so we don't have much in the way of like riots or anything going on here. But it's just like the the precautions people are taking. It's like we've gotta I feel like we've got a big group of those people who are like, you know, masks inhibit my freedom. Like
really like come on,
just help.
Yeah, I mean a lot of people do but like there's also plenty of people who don't and it's, you know, some some businesses are saying, you know, please leave if you're not wearing a mask, but it's not like eight mandated policy right
now. It's up to individual businesses now to like establish a policy, you know, so you know it is it is what it is honestly like I've I haven't really been out of my house and since Covid started like, like except for like very, you know, necessary things I suppose. But uh I work from home anyway, I was working from home before this whole thing struck and then it became even more like a primary thing. So
yeah. Yeah we had we had telecommute setup thankfully like my job was already accommodating that so that was good already placed. Once this started, I didn't have to go into the office. I was going in the office like one day a month. And so like all that all that changed was that that didn't happen anymore like so. Okay.
Yes, it's very nice and like my my girlfriend or I mean I don't know, she's I call her girlfriend because neither one of us are really interested in getting married, but like we've been together, We've been together for like almost 10 years now so you know
whatever
I guess I'll just call her my girlfriend still, but she's a teacher, so she's been on, she's like an elementary teacher and she's been on her summer break. So it's been nice being at home with her the whole time and Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah, so it's
nice she's getting stressed out now because she's getting like they're getting back to school and like they're they're trying to figure out how to do it remotely and safe. And meanwhile like the university I worked for like they're going to actually resume in person
courses.
Yeah. I don't know why. Yeah. Welcome to Arizona.
I know. I am not really looking forward to the calls that we're going to be getting probably. So. Yeah.
Yeah, my university is pretty big. So like um they still have a pretty significant student population for like summer courses online coursework. Um
Like right now it's kind of almost the start of the main sort of fall semester. So it's kind of like our rush period, people are all calling in to get everything set up for the semester and it's busy. So I guess that's good. I've got job security but it's also
like kind of nerve wracking. Like why are we doing this? But plan I guess we'll see how it plays out.
You had anybody like impacted by a covid like, you know, anybody who's gotten it or anything like that or everything good and healthy. Yeah.
That's good. That's good. You
you said you're
from.
Yeah. No thankfully like knock on wood, like nobody,
nobody's caught
it yet. So in my family or even friends,
so that's that's been a blessing. Um So you said you're from the Philippines, Do you have any family back there that you still communicate with?
how how are things over there? Like are they are they covid and everything problems too?
Is it bad
president?
yeah. Just kind of like a sort of mandated lockdown.
I mean
that
that sounds scary in its own right to be honest. Like do they make sure like people get groceries and you know
what?
Okay, well I hope they are doing okay and stay healthy through all this.
God. You know what? Like
I am so my job being at home um I also work nights so I'm like I'm like a four p.m. To three a.m. Shift person. Uh Yeah I've been that way for I'm just a night owl. That's just that's
by for my hours. Uh So but you know a lot of times it slows down pretty dramatically towards the end of the night. So I just have like have time between calls and stuff. So I was just looking for ways to like earn a little extra income here and there between calls and stuff like that. And I don't even realize, I don't remember exactly how I came across prolific. I think I was just searching like you know all those goofy articles you see like quick ways to earn online. Like there was
like one of those actually seemed reliable and had a link to prolific and I started reading it like it's like an actual research site. Like I tried some of those other like, You know, you take online surveys and they're starting to get paid pennies and they're all really dumb and boring.
You just watch ads for 15 minutes to make three cents and I'm just like, this isn't worth it. But these prolific studies are actually a more interesting. They give me opportunities like this and they pay a lot better. So we win. How about you? How did you, how did you come across it?
Brown.
Oh yeah. He probably, he probably picked some up to occasionally like in between. Like maybe all calls are, you know, on that's cool. Yeah. I mean like when it averages out like, and I think it's, you know, it seems to earn me about an extra 80 90
bucks a month, you know, on average, So
I'm not gonna, I'm not just a bill. So like that's, it's fun enough. gives me a little extra spending money for date nights if we ever have those again.
All right. All right.
Yeah. No. Yeah, I'm not doing any of that. Like it took a while like it was it was about three months into the whole, you know, once it really kicked up. And God was it March now? Like she's
like, I we like I like heavily locked us down like in the house with guys like we're not like no one's allowed over. We're not going anywhere. Like we're order are great trees online. Like literally we would we started like we've never done this before. But now I don't think we'll ever go back because none of us like the grocery store, we just
started doing
like the ordering groceries and they have they done to you So
like we get an order of groceries. I'd go out there and sit on the porch and I just like wipe everything down with like core Ocs. And then like in the fridge like we were, I was, we were so like on lockdown because I just wanted us as safe as possible. And then uh, yeah, after about three months or so like we started to kind of like loosen things up a little bit. Like, you know, some, we had some friends over,
we said 6ft apart or masks just to have some cultural interaction and we would like order some takeout, but we still don't do anything crazy like go to a restaurant or go out somewhere, you know, for for casual fun or anything like that. So it's just not worth it to me. I don't know. It's
as soon
as I get
God. Right. And then of course like what, like right after that, like the memorial day, like Everyone beaches and then like July four and all that like, and then there were spikes like there's no correlation there. You think folks like stay at home wear masks, like stay away from it. It's not that hard. Like come on.
That is if people just did that for like a couple of months, right? Like we would have already been through this probably it would have been done,
dealt
with, but
I know. I it's almost like Children, right? Like I don't, I don't have Children, but like, you know, it's like, yeah, I'm like, okay, I realize you don't want to be told what to do, but like, please understand that you have your best interests at heart here like away from each other. You know, I'm not gonna do that. You can't tell me what to do in american like.
yeah everywhere like oh my god they're the worst. Oh
Or like
people who like the like the dude bro's who just like freak out because like Costco tells them to please leave because they're not
man, you don't have any rights, it's about constitutional. No it's a private business like
we can ask
you to
leave
if you want. Like I
don't I don't
know.
I
feel
like what?
Yeah I'm just like are you serious? Like you're you're a literal like adult having like a temper tantrum right now people
are literally trying to like save lives like really? Really because you just have to have like your your box of wine or something like. Oh yeah it's
I don't think I've ever been more like embarrassed to be an american in my entire life than like right now.
No, right, like
it's like, okay. Yeah, like I guess, but like, do you really want the right to just be stupid? Like, Okay, like good for you I guess like oh,
congratulations. Like and the thing that like, it goes from just being like silly and and just obnoxious for like that person is just being really dumb to like, like really, really angering like when, like, okay, so your irresponsibility is now going to cause like, somebody else or maybe like, you know, added pressure to our poor health care workers who are like
in the trenches of this thing just because you want to have your freedom, like just shut up, wear the mask and like let's get let's like, get this over with, you know,
like uh anyway, sorry, I'm a bummer sometimes.
Yeah, I mean like, like how how do they act in the in the Philippines? Like like like obviously they've got the whole lockdown thing going on but I don't know like our people this stupid over there too.
yeah we got we got everybody beat on the stupidity here in America.
This is this is my this is my girlfriend jennifer say hi she's been
dealing with, she's she's trying to get her laptop in her computer all set up for her teaching job. And it's like literally like they start back on monday right where they're going to be doing everything remotely and
like right before the next week starts like her like work issued laptop breaks down so now
she's like scrambling to try and work with the I. T. Department figure out what they're gonna do and uh it's like really it's gonna happen yesterday so we get it taken care of before the weekend, nope. Well,
yeah. Yeah. They're gonna they're gonna give her replacement on monday and you know, she'll have to figure it out like day of for the class and we'll figure it. I mean it's fourth grade. They'll be all right. They'll just be excited to be doing something. I'm sure. Do
you have any kids?
Do you want me asking,
what about pets?
Are
you are you are you not a pet person? No dogs, no cats.
That's fair. Yeah,
it's better than
them
just being
alone in the house.
Yeah. Well, so if like ideally if you if you had the time and like the resources would be cat or dog or something
else.
Yeah, I'm the dog person, jen's the cat person, but
I
have won her over to dog side a little bit. But then again she's also she's also kind of won me over two cats side a little bit too. So I guess it's just give and take.
Uh So we have a dog and then we kind of have a cat, there's there's a stray cat that's kind of just in the neighborhood and she kind of adopted us. So uh yeah, so you know she gets let into the house and gets fed and then she like now is at us when she wants to go back outside and wander her territory. Um So yeah we've got Goldie's or cat little stray cat and then uh my my little old doggy is a hobie because she was also a stray. She like wandered up to our house one day like 13 years ago. Um No collar,
no chip or anything. And so we just named her hobo. That was my stepdad's name for. And she is she is adorable. She's she's just the cutest little like Chilis dog on the planet. So she's like, she's like 13, 14 now though. She's getting up there
shopping, we've only got about like three minutes left, so it's almost it's almost time. Uh
What was that?
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. I hope you guys uh you know, stay safe through all this and uh what do you got you guys got any like big dinner plans or any big events coming up?
Oh, Popeye, I think we're I think we're ordering pizza today. I think we're doing a special
we're doing a special movie night kind of thing. I got my step dad where he's coming over, we're all gonna be masked up. We're gonna do like some some pizza and wings
All right, Well, I think well, I think I'll let you go. It was nice talking to you.
You
take care, Bye.