SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What? Okay. Mhm. We've been having Mhm. You know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Mhm. How are you today?
SPEAKER_L: God, How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: But I am just going to finish one sentence if you don't mind typing really quickly. All right. How's your day going?
SPEAKER_R: It's going pretty well. I went to sleep pretty wait this so like I'm kind of tired.
SPEAKER_L: Are you where are you like, what time zone are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in pacific time zone, so it's nine a.m. Over here. What
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: I am I'm in South Dakota, so I'm in central time. Um Yeah, so this is just kind of middle of the work day for me. I'm taking an early early lunch to do this and earn a little extra money.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: What do you what do you work as?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm a social media manager for a telecom. Kind of like a Comcast or uh I don't know who you would have, where you're at. Probably Comcast. So it's similar to that, but its regional to the midwest and then we also have a sports network.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm currently a college student. So Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Boom.
SPEAKER_R: I'm just yeah, everything's online though, so like I don't know, it's just like whatever like I'm just trying to get through it I guess. Um I don't know. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I think that's all you can do right now like it's just so hard just like get through this and I don't know I feel like a lot of us are just kind of waiting for normal life to start again. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I don't know like it's been I don't even know when Cortina started. It's been like so long. It's kind of become like the new norm I guess. Like it's really weird. I'm
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: really has. So what are you studying? What's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: your major,
SPEAKER_R: studying molecular Biology right now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: good for you? Awesome. That is way out of my wheelhouse.
SPEAKER_R: Uh What did you uh What sorry? Uh Sorry? Uh
SPEAKER_L: No, no worries. And I'm actually going to turn on my do not disturb too
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. What did you major in in college?
SPEAKER_L: um english education. So I did teach high school english for a few years out of college and I mean I think this is true of most of us now and going to the future, I just had kind of a round about way where I did different jobs and got into different areas and finally ended up in social media but like I went to college and like 98-2002, so social media wasn't didn't even exist back then, so people are like, Oh did you study in college? And like no, the internet was fairly like I that studies social media, so just kind of learned as I went and yeah, here I am.
SPEAKER_R: How did you get like all your teaching credentials and stuff like that when you took? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yep, I talked for three years out of college, so do you think you'll go on and get like your master's and doctorate or what do you want to do with your degree?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure like I really like the like the sciences and stuff like that, but like I'm not sure if I want to pursue like my PhD or like a masters in Biology because like, I don't know, it's a lot of years. But yeah, I'm not sure. I want to do a three degree, but like maybe I want to go into like research and like, I don't know, I'm really actually interested in like cancer and stuff like that. So I want to do like research on like cancer and how do I, you know, develop cares and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool. I've been, who's in his in pharmaceuticals? He was Organic chemistry. Um So yeah, just a really cool area
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: to go into where you can make a huge difference for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have you sorry
SPEAKER_L: Oh sorry, I was just gonna ask if you have done
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: this study before, like this interview thing.
SPEAKER_R: um I got offered it um like a month ago, but I didn't do it the first time because like, I don't know, I just didn't feel like doing it. So this time I just did it for whatever reason. Have you
SPEAKER_L: I have. I um last time I like maxed out the number of chats that I could do. I think it was like six. So that was really interesting. Like chat with all different kinds of people and just have like really different experiences. I mean everyone was super pleasant but sometimes it was a little painful because people
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: you want
SPEAKER_L: just harder to talk to. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just it's just different talking online, like the dynamics are different. So yeah, it's the same thing in the classroom, like, you know, it's not the same as the classroom in person. Like everyone is just, I don't know, ever, mostly people just have the camera and mic muted and like whenever you try to go into like group work or why talk to the teacher like it's just not the same. You don't have any like human, like real human like queues to pick up on some, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's a really good point. I feel like for a long time people were saying well in the future we're going to do like everything online, like school online and work online.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: And I think we're learning really quickly that it's valuable. It has
SPEAKER_R: this is just
SPEAKER_L: but definitely does not replace interaction. And do you feel like it's exhausting to be in classes online all day? I'm in meetings like this all day and I'm exhausted.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Just sitting in one place all day. Like you like obviously it's not good like you you weren't supposed to sit in one point. You weren't made to sit in just one place and just like stare at a screen all day. So you know. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My step count is crazy low since I started working at home and now I don't know, you can't see behind me, but it's snowing here.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um It is literally cool at the end of my outdoor adventures for a while, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I live in California so I don't get that much snow if at all. Yeah. But I mean the temperature is decreasing, but that's really the cost that I'm going to get to any like cold weather.
SPEAKER_L: capture,
SPEAKER_R: Although
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: been it's been raining recently. So I mean, I guess it's that
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: in southern or northern California?
SPEAKER_R: in southern California. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I have family in ventura, that's actually where I'll be for christmas if if everything works out with covid and stuff, but um yeah, I love visiting there in the winter because the weather is just so
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It's kind of crazy how like out of hand covid got so quickly like in like the winter, like when you like the turn of 2019 to 2020 like there were like barely any coronavirus coronavirus cases in the U. S. Like I saw like on the pho like health website and like it's only like four cases in like Washington and like uh, and some other states like in the pacific northwest. But then like, I don't know man, like it just started spreading like wildfire. Like I guess it was just downplayed to how bad it was. And like there's some also like this bad planning. I'm like people's parts I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, totally, and like, I mean, honestly, like my state, I'm in
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: South
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: Dakota and Like we're doing nothing. There's been no lockdown, no mask mandates and they're doing it on purpose because like, freedoms like that whole argument, but the numbers are so bad here right now, like we have like a 40% test positive rate. I think they'll refuse to do anything. And it's just like, not only are we hurting ourselves
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: but we're hurting other people because we're spreading it everywhere because people aren't they're not taking it seriously or they're like so afraid of losing their freedoms which is I don't know, kind of list in my opinion.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't, I don't know when it comes to this. Like, I think you just have to bear with it and like follow the regulations and we'll all get this together and like everybody will be out of this sooner if everybody follows the rules. And like I'm almost certain that it would have been like much better if not completely over if we just like did it from the start. No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, totally agree. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you had, have you heard any news about the vaccine? Because I recently saw an article that says it has like a 90% success rate. But like I don't know what to believe anymore because like you and be either like super-like biased or like, like just out of the blue like it doesn't even make sense. So I don't even know what to like fall for credible news anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I follow this epidemiologist on instagram which sounds totally sketchy but I swear it's not. And she said like a notable thing is that they're announcing this to be a press release. So we haven't actually seen like the science that there claiming so we just need more information. And then I was talking to a coworker today and he said that he had read that the back this vaccine needs to be stored at like Something crazy like -120°.. So it's like how are they going to distribute that widely if it needs that kind of really specialist protocol for storing it? I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I also read that there's going to be like a phase of how they like administer the vaccine. So like they were going to target like public health workers first and then the elder way and then like the other general population. So yeah, it's gonna be a huge logistical task because I don't know why dude, like you have to do a lot of planning to like uh like administer it, like do you want it to be like, hey there's a bunch of questions with it to like how are you gonna like administer it? Like how like is it gonna be like uh like the flu vaccine where you just go in and like get it or like how is it going to work? Like there's a bunch of like variables I guess.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. And I think to like each state is coordinating their own response, Right? And like I said, my state is doing very poorly because we basically don't have a response though. How are they going to like, how do they coordinate with the States and like a state like California might be much more organized and helpful in a state. Like mine is probably just going to be like a mess. You know what I think we have. So I don't know. I Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Wait
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: and see it I guess.
SPEAKER_R: what are you, how well to your best guess? How much longer do you think this is gonna go on for? Yeah, all
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I think through through the winter and into spring, early summer
SPEAKER_R: but I was just
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: thinking
SPEAKER_L: sure. So working with the, with the sports network were like forecasting like one live sports are going to come back and stuff like that. And it's like we're
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: looking
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: into february,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: but we're we don't really think that they're saying they're going to
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: sports, but we're like, it's probably
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't.
SPEAKER_L: going to end up being canceled because we think numbers are just going to keep going up,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know some regional, I know some high schools near me that have like their sports team opening up because I know like my old high school football team is having practices right now and the same thing with the marching band. So, um, yeah, I think there, I think, well, I know their plan was to just delay practices to winter, but like I don't know how that's gonna work out because I don't know, I haven't been keeping up with my high school news, but I don't know if they're getting tested or anything or if there is social distancing, but like, I don't know. I don't know if it's a good idea really, But
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So in our area we have had high school football, but not college football, so that's all we've had to again, we're a sports network, like Fox sports. So the only thing we've had to broadcast is high school football, which is fine. It works. Um But yeah, like the kids are only
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: another
SPEAKER_L: tested
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: if they get sick and of course playing football, they don't have like they're not wearing masks, they're just wearing their helmets. Um and the coaches are wearing masks sometimes, so I don't I don't know, it's really interesting and all these sports are like so close contact, like can you imagine basketball and the way people like breathe on each other? And I don't know, we'll see at least football's outside, but basketball
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: is going to be another another story.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. I'm wanting to stay optimistic so hopefully it'll all blow over relatively soon. But by my college estimate like I'm not going back to, I'm not deworming until like at the earliest like summer 2021. So, you know,
SPEAKER_L: I think that's probably a safe guess. Do you miss being on campus?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like, I don't know, I just, there's so many like the campus was so beautiful and like I don't know like I got to just like go out and like do stuff whatever and now I'm just like cooped up in my room, I can't really do anything.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds really hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but like I don't know like I think that the first I think when we first went into court and I'm like yeah maybe this will blow over soon, like maybe I'll go back to college like after one quarter and like as the mud started dragging and like yeah it's not happening for a pretty long time, I'm not going back. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I mean the good news is as soon as they can, they probably will send you guys back because colleges, like I was reading that colleges need to have students on campus to like make their money basically. Like they're losing money with distance learning. So, and I mean I loved being on campus in college. I thought it was an amazing experience.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: I can totally see why you want to get back to that.
SPEAKER_R: do you uh for prolific, do you do you just do this alone or do you have any other white side uh Working gigs? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just do this. Um right now I are you on Reddit at all?
SPEAKER_R: I yeah I'm pretty like uh yeah I go and write pretty awfully.
SPEAKER_L: I was talking to someone in one of my other sessions and he said there's a separate it called Beer Money and that that has really good suggestions for other things to do. But I mean for me like this is about all I can fit into my schedule. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I knew like other like just like general survey websites but like they're not as good as prolific. Like you know how profits basically like the gold standard of these kind of websites? Yeah. Yeah. So like maybe I maybe used to do like other survey websites when I have more free time but like like um maybe if you've heard of like swag books or like you me or something like that, But like I don't really do that anymore because it takes, it's really like time consuming and like you get disqualified a lot. So like. Yeah it's sometimes it's worth it. Like sometimes like in a short story I could get like $5 real quick But then like if you spend like hours on it, like you're probably gonna get like maybe an additional 50 cents if you're lucky. So yeah it's chump change. Uh
SPEAKER_L: And that's just not worth my time for me. I feel like like you said prolific is gold standard and like I know that's like academic stuff for the most part. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: trust that their ethical and they're going to use my information like the way they should and not sell it. So I don't know, I like prolific.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I respect their platform and like how they enforce like minimum basically wage for their surveys. It's it's really cool and it helps out the participants. What?
SPEAKER_L: You know, How did you find out about it?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I was on I was on the Reddit for swag books which which links the Reddit for beer money in their side post. So they went to beer money and then like yes and then I went to the sites that their Reddit suggests that I saw prolific and I signed up because it was highly recommended and I don't regret it at all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: found it um because I had a friend who is a professor at the beginning of the pandemic, she was like, hey, like I know a lot of universities are going to do research around covid and so if you want to earn a little extra money, like this platform is a really good way and you'll be helping with research too. So I don't
SPEAKER_R: Monday.
SPEAKER_L: know. Like you said, I've been really happy with it. So,
SPEAKER_R: When did you start out with? Like?
SPEAKER_L: um, so like mid March, right? When all this stuff started going down and I was like, you know, I've been working this whole time and things have been fine, but I'm like, that would be nice to build up a little bit of a cushion, you know, just
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: thinking
SPEAKER_R: always nice to have some extra money here and there.
SPEAKER_L: for sure, especially when
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: do?
SPEAKER_L: so uncertain with everything that's going on.
SPEAKER_R: Have your finance has been well during the pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, like I said, my work has stayed the same. Like I feel super lucky my, my
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: company has committed to like no layoffs and known for lows during the pandemic. Um, so yeah, it's just more like just trying to be careful and build up that nest steak. How about you? Are you working outside of doing this stuff?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was trying to find jobs that fit around my schedule but like I think the only time shift that really work with my schedules are like railway weight shifts like that maybe midnight to like three or something. And like I don't know if I'm willing to like commit to that because I'm gonna be like super exhausted and then I have other responsibilities to tend to. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's hard when you're in school.
SPEAKER_R: maybe. I mean my time managers, my time management is admittedly pretty bad. So I want to prove on that. I'm sure I could balance it if I tried hard enough. But at the current moment like I don't know, I'm pretty unmotivated to get any work done.
SPEAKER_L: I was just gonna say you don't sound super motivated to,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: but I mean that's good. Like I don't mean that in a negative way because that means you don't need it that badly. So I mean that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean but I I have to find a way to pay college eventually. So I might want maybe when campus opens up I'll find like a work study job, like the right barry or something. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: sure
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Um Did you follow the election pretty closely?
SPEAKER_L: I did. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I had this like little watching party with my friends and we were watching like state by state. It was it was fun I guess. Yeah. But I was it was a really close election like I don't know it was close to that. I would have liked it to be really
SPEAKER_L: I completely
SPEAKER_R: dr
SPEAKER_L: agree. And yeah, take it how you want. But I was kind of disappointed that it was that close. It was like, it should not even be this close, but it is what it is. I'm interested to see what happens in the next month or so with like all the legal challenges and all that stuff going on.
SPEAKER_R: I don't like some of the claims they have have like really small numbers like maybe seven and maybe like a minimum of seven and then like a maximum of like maybe 7000 disputed votes. But then those states have like Over like 2,030,000 we'd uh ballot count for biden. So like I don't know how it's gonna play over so I don't think it will. You know like I think biden has a reasonable weight in those states. And even if they take it to court, like if they added to trump's total, I don't think it's gonna surpass biden's numbers, so I don't know what the case is for.
SPEAKER_L: no. I agree in historically like recounts have not usually change the outcome of what was called and what, what they found in the first go around. So I think it's just like delay tactics and also to like get their base riled up. So and it's working. I live in that we're old right now. I mean like where I'm at, it's a lot of people who are like that. So
SPEAKER_R: I watched the video about the about the legal proceedings and like they stated that it's probably not going to change the results of the election, but like it sets a bad precedent in the future. Like I don't know how to word it because it's been like a while since I watched the video, but like yeah, I don't I don't know if I agree with the cases because like if this happens again in the future and like yeah, I don't know. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I totally agree. And again, like, I think it's just like continues to divide people and get like, I don't know, I just see people I know who I otherwise thought were pretty reasonable just accepting these outlandish claims that don't really have like much support for them. And I'm like, why? Just just because you're a guy lost I down of, it's frustrating. It's frustrating to live in the midwest right now. My dad that yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know. This year has been a crazy one to say the least. Like it's, there's been so many things that's been going on, it's hard to keep track of really? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. There was this really funny Tiktok video I saw where it was like, have you seen like those God, an angel tic Tac. And the one I saw was like, Did
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: you get all the events scheduled for the 2020s? And he was like 2020? And I was like, what 10 years of events into one video? That was really funny.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah. Well, I'm not, I don't know, I don't use social media that often because I generally like to just hang out in person really. Like maybe I'll send a text to like my friends if I'm bored or something. But generally I just like to hang out in person and do other stuff, But
SPEAKER_L: Good for you. It's just
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: like if I didn't do it professionally, I would love to be on it a lot less. So
SPEAKER_R: long have you been at your current occupation for?
SPEAKER_L: six years. So yeah, just kind of starting to feel like I know what's going on.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. How did you transition from being a teacher into being like a sports like uh into a sports network?
SPEAKER_L: Um like I said, I mean it was kind of a winding road, but so my degree in my background is english and writing. So I kind of got into more writing type positions and then I first started in this company as a content writer and then they needed someone to do the social media piece. So I transitioned into that, so that's the super short explanation, but basically through writing and marketing. Yeah, so, but I don't have a marketing degree either, so just kind of learn as I go.
SPEAKER_R: that's, I mean like you just make you take the opportunities as they go. Really? That's how life really works.
SPEAKER_L: yep. So what do you like
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: to do?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um I really love playing games. It doesn't really matter like any type of games. It could be sports, it could be like card games and board games. Like really like anything that has a bit of competition in it really because I like winning.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But most yeah, I can't play sports with any of my friends though. I used to I used to do swim but before
SPEAKER_L: Well, cool. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: so I would love to get my son and to swim and he's four. How old were you when you really got into it?
SPEAKER_R: Um my first joined club swim when I was in like second grade and then I stuck with that. I took a year break when I was in Middle School I think 8th grade. And then I just I joined my high school swim team for all four years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So he's not like Too old to start at like 4, 5, 6.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: You know how birds like golf? They're like start them really young, so they, I don't know, so I just feel like like, should I have done something already?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like there were the better, but it's always not wait to start like you can start whenever. Really. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, cool. Well I sat a timer and we're at a time, so it was nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, have a good one.
SPEAKER_R: You too
SPEAKER_L: Bye.