Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. What? Okay. Mhm. We've been having Mhm. You know? Yeah.
God, How are you?
But I am just going to finish one sentence if you don't mind typing really quickly. All right. How's your day going?
Are you where are you like, what time zone are you in?
So
I am I'm in South Dakota, so I'm in central time. Um Yeah, so this is just kind of middle of the work day for me. I'm taking an early early lunch to do this and earn a little extra money.
So
um I'm a social media manager for a telecom. Kind of like a Comcast or uh I don't know who you would have, where you're at. Probably Comcast. So it's similar to that, but its regional to the midwest and then we also have a sports network.
Yeah. How about you?
Boom.
I think that's all you can do right now like it's just so hard just like get through this and I don't know I feel like a lot of us are just kind of waiting for normal life to start again. So
it
really has. So what are you studying? What's
your major,
good for you? Awesome. That is way out of my wheelhouse.
No, no worries. And I'm actually going to turn on my do not disturb too
um english education. So I did teach high school english for a few years out of college and I mean I think this is true of most of us now and going to the future, I just had kind of a round about way where I did different jobs and got into different areas and finally ended up in social media but like I went to college and like 98-2002, so social media wasn't didn't even exist back then, so people are like, Oh did you study in college? And like no, the internet was fairly like I that studies social media, so just kind of learned as I went and yeah, here I am.
yep, I talked for three years out of college, so do you think you'll go on and get like your master's and doctorate or what do you want to do with your degree?
absolutely. Yeah,
that's really cool. I've been, who's in his in pharmaceuticals? He was Organic chemistry. Um So yeah, just a really cool area
to go into where you can make a huge difference for sure. Yeah.
Oh sorry, I was just gonna ask if you have done
this study before, like this interview thing.
I have. I um last time I like maxed out the number of chats that I could do. I think it was like six. So that was really interesting. Like chat with all different kinds of people and just have like really different experiences. I mean everyone was super pleasant but sometimes it was a little painful because people
were
just harder to talk to. So
that's a really good point. I feel like for a long time people were saying well in the future we're going to do like everything online, like school online and work online.
And I think we're learning really quickly that it's valuable. It has
but definitely does not replace interaction. And do you feel like it's exhausting to be in classes online all day? I'm in meetings like this all day and I'm exhausted.
Yeah. My step count is crazy low since I started working at home and now I don't know, you can't see behind me, but it's snowing here.
Mhm. Um It is literally cool at the end of my outdoor adventures for a while, so yeah.
capture,
are
you,
are you
in southern or northern California?
I have family in ventura, that's actually where I'll be for christmas if if everything works out with covid and stuff, but um yeah, I love visiting there in the winter because the weather is just so
Oh, totally, and like, I mean, honestly, like my state, I'm in
South
Dakota and Like we're doing nothing. There's been no lockdown, no mask mandates and they're doing it on purpose because like, freedoms like that whole argument, but the numbers are so bad here right now, like we have like a 40% test positive rate. I think they'll refuse to do anything. And it's just like, not only are we hurting ourselves
but we're hurting other people because we're spreading it everywhere because people aren't they're not taking it seriously or they're like so afraid of losing their freedoms which is I don't know, kind of list in my opinion.
Yeah, totally agree. Yeah.
So
Yeah. Well I follow this epidemiologist on instagram which sounds totally sketchy but I swear it's not. And she said like a notable thing is that they're announcing this to be a press release. So we haven't actually seen like the science that there claiming so we just need more information. And then I was talking to a coworker today and he said that he had read that the back this vaccine needs to be stored at like Something crazy like -120°.. So it's like how are they going to distribute that widely if it needs that kind of really specialist protocol for storing it? I don't know.
absolutely. And I think to like each state is coordinating their own response, Right? And like I said, my state is doing very poorly because we basically don't have a response though. How are they going to like, how do they coordinate with the States and like a state like California might be much more organized and helpful in a state. Like mine is probably just going to be like a mess. You know what I think we have. So I don't know. I Yeah.
Wait
and see it I guess.
I
mean,
I think through through the winter and into spring, early summer
for
sure. So working with the, with the sports network were like forecasting like one live sports are going to come back and stuff like that. And it's like we're
looking
into february,
but we're we don't really think that they're saying they're going to
have
sports, but we're like, it's probably
going to end up being canceled because we think numbers are just going to keep going up,
you know what I mean?
Uh huh. So in our area we have had high school football, but not college football, so that's all we've had to again, we're a sports network, like Fox sports. So the only thing we've had to broadcast is high school football, which is fine. It works. Um But yeah, like the kids are only
getting
tested
if they get sick and of course playing football, they don't have like they're not wearing masks, they're just wearing their helmets. Um and the coaches are wearing masks sometimes, so I don't I don't know, it's really interesting and all these sports are like so close contact, like can you imagine basketball and the way people like breathe on each other? And I don't know, we'll see at least football's outside, but basketball
is going to be another another story.
I think that's probably a safe guess. Do you miss being on campus?
That sounds really hard.
I mean the good news is as soon as they can, they probably will send you guys back because colleges, like I was reading that colleges need to have students on campus to like make their money basically. Like they're losing money with distance learning. So, and I mean I loved being on campus in college. I thought it was an amazing experience.
So
I can totally see why you want to get back to that.
I just do this. Um right now I are you on Reddit at all?
I was talking to someone in one of my other sessions and he said there's a separate it called Beer Money and that that has really good suggestions for other things to do. But I mean for me like this is about all I can fit into my schedule. How about you?
And that's just not worth my time for me. I feel like like you said prolific is gold standard and like I know that's like academic stuff for the most part. So
I
trust that their ethical and they're going to use my information like the way they should and not sell it. So I don't know, I like prolific.
You know, How did you find out about it?
found it um because I had a friend who is a professor at the beginning of the pandemic, she was like, hey, like I know a lot of universities are going to do research around covid and so if you want to earn a little extra money, like this platform is a really good way and you'll be helping with research too. So I don't
know. Like you said, I've been really happy with it. So,
um, so like mid March, right? When all this stuff started going down and I was like, you know, I've been working this whole time and things have been fine, but I'm like, that would be nice to build up a little bit of a cushion, you know, just
thinking
for sure, especially when
things
are
so uncertain with everything that's going on.
Yeah, I mean, like I said, my work has stayed the same. Like I feel super lucky my, my
company has committed to like no layoffs and known for lows during the pandemic. Um, so yeah, it's just more like just trying to be careful and build up that nest steak. How about you? Are you working outside of doing this stuff?
It's hard when you're in school.
I was just gonna say you don't sound super motivated to,
but I mean that's good. Like I don't mean that in a negative way because that means you don't need it that badly. So I mean that's good.
sure
I did. How about you?
I completely
agree. And yeah, take it how you want. But I was kind of disappointed that it was that close. It was like, it should not even be this close, but it is what it is. I'm interested to see what happens in the next month or so with like all the legal challenges and all that stuff going on.
no. I agree in historically like recounts have not usually change the outcome of what was called and what, what they found in the first go around. So I think it's just like delay tactics and also to like get their base riled up. So and it's working. I live in that we're old right now. I mean like where I'm at, it's a lot of people who are like that. So
I totally agree. And again, like, I think it's just like continues to divide people and get like, I don't know, I just see people I know who I otherwise thought were pretty reasonable just accepting these outlandish claims that don't really have like much support for them. And I'm like, why? Just just because you're a guy lost I down of, it's frustrating. It's frustrating to live in the midwest right now. My dad that yeah,
for sure. There was this really funny Tiktok video I saw where it was like, have you seen like those God, an angel tic Tac. And the one I saw was like, Did
you get all the events scheduled for the 2020s? And he was like 2020? And I was like, what 10 years of events into one video? That was really funny.
Good for you. It's just
like if I didn't do it professionally, I would love to be on it a lot less. So
six years. So yeah, just kind of starting to feel like I know what's going on.
Um like I said, I mean it was kind of a winding road, but so my degree in my background is english and writing. So I kind of got into more writing type positions and then I first started in this company as a content writer and then they needed someone to do the social media piece. So I transitioned into that, so that's the super short explanation, but basically through writing and marketing. Yeah, so, but I don't have a marketing degree either, so just kind of learn as I go.
yep. So what do you like
love
to do?
Yeah, that's awesome.
Well, cool. Okay,
so I would love to get my son and to swim and he's four. How old were you when you really got into it?
Okay. So he's not like Too old to start at like 4, 5, 6.
You know how birds like golf? They're like start them really young, so they, I don't know, so I just feel like like, should I have done something already?
Well, cool. Well I sat a timer and we're at a time, so it was nice chatting with you.
Yeah, have a good one.
Bye.