Hello? Mhm. How are you today?
I'm pretty good.
It's going pretty well. I went to sleep pretty wait this so like I'm kind of tired.
I'm in pacific time zone, so it's nine a.m. Over here. What
about you?
No.
What do you what do you work as?
Oh, I see. That's cool.
I'm currently a college student. So Yeah,
I'm just yeah, everything's online though, so like I don't know, it's just like whatever like I'm just trying to get through it I guess. Um I don't know. Uh
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know like it's been I don't even know when Cortina started. It's been like so long. It's kind of become like the new norm I guess. Like it's really weird. I'm
sorry.
I'm
studying molecular Biology right now. Mhm.
Uh What did you uh What sorry? Uh Sorry? Uh
Yeah. Uh huh. What did you major in in college?
How did you get like all your teaching credentials and stuff like that when you took? Yeah.
I'm not sure like I really like the like the sciences and stuff like that, but like I'm not sure if I want to pursue like my PhD or like a masters in Biology because like, I don't know, it's a lot of years. But yeah, I'm not sure. I want to do a three degree, but like maybe I want to go into like research and like, I don't know, I'm really actually interested in like cancer and stuff like that. So I want to do like research on like cancer and how do I, you know, develop cares and stuff like that.
huh.
Right.
Have you sorry
if
um I got offered it um like a month ago, but I didn't do it the first time because like, I don't know, I just didn't feel like doing it. So this time I just did it for whatever reason. Have you
Do
you want
Yeah. It's just it's just different talking online, like the dynamics are different. So yeah, it's the same thing in the classroom, like, you know, it's not the same as the classroom in person. Like everyone is just, I don't know, ever, mostly people just have the camera and mic muted and like whenever you try to go into like group work or why talk to the teacher like it's just not the same. You don't have any like human, like real human like queues to pick up on some, you know? Mhm.
what?
this is just
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Just sitting in one place all day. Like you like obviously it's not good like you you weren't supposed to sit in one point. You weren't made to sit in just one place and just like stare at a screen all day. So you know. Mm hmm.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah. I live in California so I don't get that much snow if at all. Yeah. But I mean the temperature is decreasing, but that's really the cost that I'm going to get to any like cold weather.
Although
it's
been it's been raining recently. So I mean, I guess it's that
I'm
in southern California. Mm hmm.
I don't know. It's kind of crazy how like out of hand covid got so quickly like in like the winter, like when you like the turn of 2019 to 2020 like there were like barely any coronavirus coronavirus cases in the U. S. Like I saw like on the pho like health website and like it's only like four cases in like Washington and like uh, and some other states like in the pacific northwest. But then like, I don't know man, like it just started spreading like wildfire. Like I guess it was just downplayed to how bad it was. And like there's some also like this bad planning. I'm like people's parts I guess.
Have
fun.
Come on.
Yeah. I don't, I don't know when it comes to this. Like, I think you just have to bear with it and like follow the regulations and we'll all get this together and like everybody will be out of this sooner if everybody follows the rules. And like I'm almost certain that it would have been like much better if not completely over if we just like did it from the start. No.
Have
you had, have you heard any news about the vaccine? Because I recently saw an article that says it has like a 90% success rate. But like I don't know what to believe anymore because like you and be either like super-like biased or like, like just out of the blue like it doesn't even make sense. So I don't even know what to like fall for credible news anymore.
I also read that there's going to be like a phase of how they like administer the vaccine. So like they were going to target like public health workers first and then the elder way and then like the other general population. So yeah, it's gonna be a huge logistical task because I don't know why dude, like you have to do a lot of planning to like uh like administer it, like do you want it to be like, hey there's a bunch of questions with it to like how are you gonna like administer it? Like how like is it gonna be like uh like the flu vaccine where you just go in and like get it or like how is it going to work? Like there's a bunch of like variables I guess.
Mhm.
What
what are you, how well to your best guess? How much longer do you think this is gonna go on for? Yeah, all
of
you.
but I was just
thinking
let's
go
what?
Come
on.
I couldn't.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I know some regional, I know some high schools near me that have like their sports team opening up because I know like my old high school football team is having practices right now and the same thing with the marching band. So, um, yeah, I think there, I think, well, I know their plan was to just delay practices to winter, but like I don't know how that's gonna work out because I don't know, I haven't been keeping up with my high school news, but I don't know if they're getting tested or anything or if there is social distancing, but like, I don't know. I don't know if it's a good idea really, But
just
another
one.
man.
Mm hmm. I'm wanting to stay optimistic so hopefully it'll all blow over relatively soon. But by my college estimate like I'm not going back to, I'm not deworming until like at the earliest like summer 2021. So, you know,
yeah, like, I don't know, I just, there's so many like the campus was so beautiful and like I don't know like I got to just like go out and like do stuff whatever and now I'm just like cooped up in my room, I can't really do anything.
Yeah but like I don't know like I think that the first I think when we first went into court and I'm like yeah maybe this will blow over soon, like maybe I'll go back to college like after one quarter and like as the mud started dragging and like yeah it's not happening for a pretty long time, I'm not going back. Uh huh.
Well
you know
do you uh for prolific, do you do you just do this alone or do you have any other white side uh Working gigs? Yeah.
I yeah I'm pretty like uh yeah I go and write pretty awfully.
Um I knew like other like just like general survey websites but like they're not as good as prolific. Like you know how profits basically like the gold standard of these kind of websites? Yeah. Yeah. So like maybe I maybe used to do like other survey websites when I have more free time but like like um maybe if you've heard of like swag books or like you me or something like that, But like I don't really do that anymore because it takes, it's really like time consuming and like you get disqualified a lot. So like. Yeah it's sometimes it's worth it. Like sometimes like in a short story I could get like $5 real quick But then like if you spend like hours on it, like you're probably gonna get like maybe an additional 50 cents if you're lucky. So yeah it's chump change. Uh
I
think.
Yeah. I respect their platform and like how they enforce like minimum basically wage for their surveys. It's it's really cool and it helps out the participants. What?
Um Well I was on I was on the Reddit for swag books which which links the Reddit for beer money in their side post. So they went to beer money and then like yes and then I went to the sites that their Reddit suggests that I saw prolific and I signed up because it was highly recommended and I don't regret it at all. Yeah.
Monday.
When did you start out with? Like?
It's
always nice to have some extra money here and there.
What
to
do?
Have your finance has been well during the pandemic?
What?
Um I was trying to find jobs that fit around my schedule but like I think the only time shift that really work with my schedules are like railway weight shifts like that maybe midnight to like three or something. And like I don't know if I'm willing to like commit to that because I'm gonna be like super exhausted and then I have other responsibilities to tend to. Yeah. Yeah,
maybe. I mean my time managers, my time management is admittedly pretty bad. So I want to prove on that. I'm sure I could balance it if I tried hard enough. But at the current moment like I don't know, I'm pretty unmotivated to get any work done.
All
Yeah, I mean but I I have to find a way to pay college eventually. So I might want maybe when campus opens up I'll find like a work study job, like the right barry or something. Uh huh.
Mm. Um Did you follow the election pretty closely?
Yeah I had this like little watching party with my friends and we were watching like state by state. It was it was fun I guess. Yeah. But I was it was a really close election like I don't know it was close to that. I would have liked it to be really
dr
I don't like some of the claims they have have like really small numbers like maybe seven and maybe like a minimum of seven and then like a maximum of like maybe 7000 disputed votes. But then those states have like Over like 2,030,000 we'd uh ballot count for biden. So like I don't know how it's gonna play over so I don't think it will. You know like I think biden has a reasonable weight in those states. And even if they take it to court, like if they added to trump's total, I don't think it's gonna surpass biden's numbers, so I don't know what the case is for.
I watched the video about the about the legal proceedings and like they stated that it's probably not going to change the results of the election, but like it sets a bad precedent in the future. Like I don't know how to word it because it's been like a while since I watched the video, but like yeah, I don't I don't know if I agree with the cases because like if this happens again in the future and like yeah, I don't know. Okay.
Yeah. I don't know. This year has been a crazy one to say the least. Like it's, there's been so many things that's been going on, it's hard to keep track of really? Yeah.
Well,
Mm. Yeah. Well, I'm not, I don't know, I don't use social media that often because I generally like to just hang out in person really. Like maybe I'll send a text to like my friends if I'm bored or something. But generally I just like to hang out in person and do other stuff, But
how
long have you been at your current occupation for?
Uh huh. How did you transition from being a teacher into being like a sports like uh into a sports network?
that's, I mean like you just make you take the opportunities as they go. Really? That's how life really works.
Come
on.
Mhm. Um I really love playing games. It doesn't really matter like any type of games. It could be sports, it could be like card games and board games. Like really like anything that has a bit of competition in it really because I like winning.
Yeah. But most yeah, I can't play sports with any of my friends though. I used to I used to do swim but before
Oh
Um my first joined club swim when I was in like second grade and then I stuck with that. I took a year break when I was in Middle School I think 8th grade. And then I just I joined my high school swim team for all four years. Yeah.
No.
Yeah, I feel like there were the better, but it's always not wait to start like you can start whenever. Really. Yeah.
Yeah. You too.
You too