Yeah, can you tell us what you say? Oh, okay. Yeah. Hi,
it is going well, this is, this is interesting
not
to specifically know what I just started doing these surveys
through prolific and uh, amazon turk, are you do you do that as well?
Mhm. Yeah, it's definitely better than turk.
yeah, and like the ones, I mean, it just doesn't, they don't pay as well, like, they're all like penny, it's like, it's like doing penny slots versus,
they're like gambling. That's not equate to that, you know? But
my
well, I mean, I would imagine I'm someone that likes to talk, so
what
we hear. So I know that's the last like 25 minutes or so, but it should be easy. Yeah, so my name is Gabe.
All right. Um, yeah, right now I, I live in Rochester new york, so I just moved here last year, um, by coach, soccer at the University of Rochester, so that's kind of my job right now.
Yeah, yeah, so that's why uh yeah, I was in, living in Pittsburgh working at a school called Westminster College, um a little bit north of the city um for I was there for eight years and I just took the job in Rochester last august, so yes, definitely has ever been in new york or now. Okay.
Yeah, well everyone, but that's all anyone cares about new york city, man, that's cool. Yeah, I grew up going to new york city sometimes just because I grew up in Philly, so it's like a train ride away, you know, it's easy to get through,
so.
so you're a pacific Northwest or
that's cool. We recruit so at University of Rochester, it's like a national school, so we recruit kind of all over the country and we have a few, a few girls on the team are from the pacific northwest, like from Washington or from Oregon from Idaho or like new york tomorrow. So we definitely have players from those areas. So I'm a little familiar, not super familiar only with like the major cities obviously. But
no,
it's on my bucket list. I've been, I've been in nor cal that's probably the closest pacific west. I've been in sacramento and san Francisco but not anything further north. So
I I love to visit like Seattle or Portland and uh
I
know,
I say I have some dinner too, but yeah, um I love to do that and I'm definitely someone that likes to travel. Um I was actually, our team was in Portugal when all the coronavirus stuff hit so I was really dark situation to be in. Yeah, so we left March 7th and then trump, made like the travel, the travel restriction type thing or maybe March 11th or 12th and we didn't come back to the 14th. It was really bizarre. But uh yes
that's
Yeah we were worried about that so we we got out luckily um it was really it was really clear like you kind of misspoke because like he said on like a Wednesday or thursday and we were we just got to Lisbon at that time but we couldn't change our flight because there were about 30 of us, you know it's hard to get, it was hard to get that many people on a new flight with everyone trying to get out. But uh it was a little hectic but we also flew through Toronto so that was interesting as well because we flew so getting to Canada wasn't an issue but we were worried about the bus going from Toronto over the border in new york and then getting the rock. So they freaked
out at first. Like we got to the border, they were like where are you coming from? We're like Toronto and they're like, well Toronto somewhere and as soon as we said Portugal they're like, oh man, like yeah, they kind of freaked out.
It only took maybe 30 minutes. Like luckily no, no one has symptoms. So
you know, it wasn't issues in that sense, but it was definitely, you know, parents were freaking out, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, I can yeah, I can tell you
it sounds like you're a parent like you I'm sure you would be like nervous, you know, if you chose you were abroad during all this, you know? But Portugal's
only like 70 cases when we were there, you know, like in the whole country at the time,
so
they were really relaxed while we were there. Like no one, you know, they took it seriously but they weren't necessarily worried because they didn't, the numbers weren't where it was
like
in the space, so.
Yeah, New york's in the face and it's a four phase thing. We're in phase for as of the 26th of june so just a few minutes ago, but now the governor is like basically having the final say on on what happens county by county. So I think it's because new york city accounts for such so much of new york's numbers and so like they're like upstate in Western, new york are not as bad. So it would be interesting to see what happens compared. But the city is bad. Like new york city is bad
on one
of
the
schools,
not
politics
now,
not not a whole lot just because it changes so much, like, it's more about like, like for me, I I normally work a lot of soccer camps and stuff locally and nationally, so those have been put on hold and then some of them are coming back, so I have to know the rules for the guidelines coming back, but those come from the county and the state, so I just wait to hear from them. Um I feel like I was in Pittsburgh last week and like for them there and they do it by colors like that, like they had a red phase, Yeah, they're in green right now, but uh their numbers spike so much from when they opened up that they actually just closed back down everything,
which is kind of bizarre,
so I'm curious if that's going to happen also, like people like in their phases are gonna, you know, go backwards once things if they start to go south.
I think that's gonna be a trend nationwide, like
everyone that's opening up is also going to go, we should have done that, you know,
just come
back.
Yeah, I mean I've been getting out of it. I so for one of my I would also coached club soccer and I've been furloughed for that, so I've honestly benefited from that because of the cares act money and everything else. I'm making more money.
So
yeah, so I've been from that in the university um still been employed, but I'm going on a scheduled furlough for the month of july, like july six dogs first, they're doing that like I don't know necessarily what the reason is, but um it's benefiting some of like are part time staff, like some people around nine month contract, so they wouldn't normally worked over the summer, but they furloughed those people so they can get the cares act money over the summer.
So
that was interesting tactic, but I know that they're running an issue now, like people don't want to go back to work, you know, it's like there are, they're getting unemployment that cares act money and they're like why would I go back to work when it's not safe? And so it's been interesting.
I think the protesting and stuff is definitely like uh taking over like the news and what's going on, especially in Rochester,
it made national
news, so that's kind of been like at the forefront here versus uh
Yeah.
I've been I'm like zoomed out to be honest. Like I I feel like zoom fatigue is real. So uh I've been on zoom every day anywhere from like 2 to 6 hours like
with
creams or doing presentations
like for coaching stuff or webinar. So it's like, you know, I didn't really stop from that sense. So it's been different, you know, definitely being like outside coaching so that, you know, it was nice. The first like two weeks I quarantined.
I'm like, I can't believe I got to be, I
got
to
go
out
tonight.
Yeah. You know, But
I know
some
people are.
Do
you
want
this
one?
Is
it,
what was their, what was their ruling on like um you know that the students have to necessarily do their homework and stuff, finish out the semester. They just say like, hey, your
grades won't be affected.
Good.
bob.
This video,
So
what are some of them packed in it?
appreciate
it
you
know?
Come
on.
Yeah I took my sister I've through nieces and nephew and my one sister was telling me that their school district is talking about what they're gonna do come like august september then this is in texas but they're worried because like you know it's interesting uh take they were worried about like custodial staff. Like if one of them gets it, if one of the test positive and they have like 16 custodians on staff then they have to like all of them after quarantine. And then like if they can't clean. So then if if some of them have one or some of them get sick then they can't building if they can't clean the building and the kids can't come in. So it's like what do you do? And then the hybrid model is also, it's not a really good option because again you still run the same risk as soon as someone tests positive, then you're gonna have to go online. So then it's like you just go back to online, but you know then you're talking about like especially with younger kids like daycare babysitting, you know who watched the kids or you know what if you're a parent that has to go into work, what do you do with your kids? They got
there's too many problems that they're going to run into.
People
Zach
Leadership.
No.
I think in cities they're going to have to find a way to have kids go back because just especially like in low income areas, people are not able to afford it and they and they rely on school for like lunch and you know that that's two meals for those kids. That now in a lot of schools still found ways to get those meals to those kids. You know, they would like bust them and stuff. But you know, I don't know how it's gonna work for another calendar year of you know, them doing it or
the government chip in money or something like that to help you know, fun things like that because people are relying on like free and reduced
meals for the kids.
Yeah. Or a thing about online like, you know, if you want to do, if you're doing homes, if you know, if everything is going to be digital then what if someone can't afford wifi or does that become like, you know, government funded where they're going to cover the cost of wifi or a computer? Like, you know, now you're talking about like what if these people don't have these things, you know, kid that has no computer, no wifi access, what are they supposed to do? You know?
That's
Every parents are dreading the idea that they're gonna have to teach their kids at
all.
In
the
parking
lot.
Everybody.
But you're, you know, you're, you know, you're you're the parents so you don't know anything anyways, you know, that's
like the standard kid, the parents get that. They're like, you don't you know, you could literally saying the same thing the teachers saying, but you know, because you're saying it it's not, you know, not true. They don't care. Yeah.
Here's
what
we
just
did.
Oh yeah. That's a great age. Especially for a boy.
That's
the tough
part
two.
the social
part
huge. Right. Yeah social part is huge. You know like my one niece and nephew they're seven and like they hadn't seen kids their age and you know a couple of months like what does that do developmentally for a kid like they're just like you know then in one of a phone you know like they're not snap chatting or seeing social media yet. So it's like I'm curious how people are handling that with kids because they're just itching for human contact. Yeah and then back to the school then what do you do with young kids? Like you know you want them to social, you want a nine year old kid to social distance. Good luck
with
that.
Yeah it's not gonna materialistic. So
high
school
kids.
Thank you.
you
gotta do.
Yeah. Uh Those are the people that at risk man. They gotta worry, you know? It's reality.
it's true. Some
people are getting
upset
like
yeah, yeah. Isn't that true to write, you take something that most people are like
well
just be hanging out but now that you took it away from there, like I need to, you know to do this now, like you weren't doing it before, but now it's taken away from you. You want to go and do something. Yeah
was the
Reagan
go
ahead.
I was just like in Rochester like you know people are still like going out, there's a lot of like outdoor stuff to do so people are just so they were out and about during quarantine and now that things have opened up, like it's, you know, they're wearing people, you know, in new york, you have to wear a mask to go in places, you know, you can't just people monitoring that, so that's been different bike in Pittsburgh when I was there, man, it was like a free for all, it was like option. Yeah, and that's why I think things got worse because people are just like, I'm not gonna wear my mask, I'm not what I want and then now you see, you know, cases have gone way up and interesting
this
is
great.
Yeah.
that
so I feel bad for the essential workers, they had to work in those environments because they put themselves at risk big time and they're still getting paid the same. Yeah, Or like, you know, like other people are not working and making more money than them. It's like, is that right? Problem?
It's
people,
correct.
No,
but it's not, it's not like horrible. People are just like want to hang on to, you know, they're like, you know, you took it away from me now I'm going to complain. You know, I gotta know it's annoying. I don't mind wearing it. I know, especially like, so my girlfriend, her sister has stage four breast cancer and so she said like big time, right? You know, and I think about her like what I'm doing is I'm like, all right. Like is it comfortable for me? No, but there's people like her out there that, you know, like your parents, like people have to be mindful of others. But I do think like in other countries that hierarchy is more respected than in America, like respect your elders. Like it's called the ultra as well. Like you see this, you know, dynamics, you know, in America sometimes I don't know if that exists to the same level.
That's something,
if you take the angle of like this is what I'm doing and not this is what you should be doing. I think sometimes people are open to that, right?
He's
not
necessarily
put throwing it down the throat. She's just saying, hey, this is why I do it, you know?
Damn
jealous
of that.
Yeah. She around other people because I'm like, man, if I, if I was like not if I was in the outdoors and I wasn't necessarily close to people, I would not be wearing a
mask.
but I just
like you can, I feel like it's like okay to do that, you know
there?
careful.
I love
you.
Mhm. Yeah, I know. My dad's like that he's like itching for like human contact. So like when, you know, he's just like anyone they can talk to, it's like, hey what's up, what you doing out here, you know?
Uh He's so I grew up in the philadelphia area, so he still lives there, my mom still lives there. Uh I really only have like an aunt and uncle and two cousins that live there and the rest of my family is like just spread out however Jersey to texas to florida to uh and where else Rhode island, but nowhere west coast, I don't have any west coast family.
Yeah I would love to move to southern California and I would definitely love that.
That would be awesome. Although
I've
been to Hawaii twice and I was like, man I you know, I want a great place that would be to live as well.
Nice five hour flight.
know, but I love the west coast. It's so funny when you talked about from the west coast, they always just say east coast like they're never specific. They just say yeah he's like, you know east coast could be like michigan
for all the uh.
Yeah. I feel like everyone, the east coast like nose like California. They could, they would name like states people in the west coast, just a east coast that you know, it could encompass the whole damn thing. You know. It's kind of funny.
The indian is pretty much dead center. It's pretty good. It's gonna be pretty close, you know,
buying
stake.
Some
people say
that makes sense. Yeah, the middle is the middle is pointless to be honest. There's not much more about the middle other than like texas always to be in the south. But you know, there's not much going on. You got to be in the coach, florida's nice to bear.
So
it's
hot.
Yeah. What's
what's the temperature like in the in Washington right now or you
live?
Oh that's perfect. Yeah. Not
too hot because out
here it gets hot, let's say it's like, I feel like people are saying that it gets hot even in Rochester, it's like it'll be like 90 degrees, you know, coming. You know it gets it gets pretty hot, but like where you live but I don't think it gets so hot right?
I mean.
Mhm.
Thanks. So
they
got kicked on this this was like the last two weeks like a c time had to happen. Yeah it's too hot.
That's so interesting. I never thought that about their
Pulling
off
that's funny in europe. It's like man they don't have the cooperation, europe don't have air conditioning. That's
what it reminds me of. Like you know you can go somewhere if you go to europe in the summer there's like no A. C.
It's great.
Yeah. That's funny. Yeah.
I definitely definitely want to do it. Now look
at us,
we made.
That's awesome. We went over hopefully they use this. So now what do you just X out of this window and go back to the other one?
Thank you. Yeah,
lets
his
I didn't
suggest.
Great.
Yeah. Worth it though. And this is funny. I found this like it's called there's a Reddit called Beer Money and that's uh you know about that. Okay.
No problem.
Come on.
me too.
Yeah, it's easy money, man. I'll take it. I'll be doing nothing
else.
All