Hello. How's it going?
Have
you done this before?
all
I don't I just go through prolific.
I could never get approved for amazon turk. I don't know why.
yikes.
No this is fine.
I've done this one other time so it's it's fun you know as long as somebody likes to talk it goes really fast.
that's good.
That's good.
Game. Hi I'm misty.
and that's why you moved back there. What's your job?
decades ago I went to new york city and that's it. I've never been to any other part of new york. So I I know that there's so much more than the city.
See
I'm out in Washington state so it's really funny. I have this really skewed perspective of the east coast. Like I can never remember what state. I'm always like surprised where things are. Like my ex husband is from Virginia. So I know okay I got where Virginia is where in D. C. And all that. We we got all that but then everything else I'm like where's pennsylvania? Where is new york? I should know. It's not that hard. I look at a map all the time but
I am I'm born and raised here in Washington. Never lived anywhere else.
Have you ever been out
to Seattle?
I
definitely you know I always people always come to like just Seattle and like you mentioned Portland they're close enough they're not that far of a drive away from each other. You might as well go to both of them because they both have such unique characteristics to them. Make sure
my
son's getting dinner here.
Was
it hard to come back? Because I know I had some friends and family that got stuck. I had a friend that got stuck down in south America for weeks and weeks before he could come home because that country had closed its borders and wouldn't let them out.
every
great,
that's good.
yeah, that had to be hard sitting on the other end, hoping your kid gets back into the country,
great.
can't imagine.
Oh that's
good,
so
bad,
see I'm outside, I'm not a couple hours from Seattle, but you know, Seattle Kirkland, where everybody was like that's where all the national focus was, right in the beginning and so it was kind of freaky now the county I live in is we're really good, our stats are really good and we're just kind of staying where a couple counties below where Seattle is, but we're feeling the effects of what's happening up there because it's just driving the numbers up in the States so much that they're keeping us all locked down more and more, but we're slowly getting out there, but if people don't do what they're supposed to do, we're going to go back to, do you guys do the phases? I'm not sure how new york is doing it, Are they phasing it?
Oh yeah, it's crazy.
Do
you
stay
on
top
of all of that information? Like do you, is it something that you input daily news, read the news check on it every day? I'm obsessed. I will confess. So I look at everything
every day.
Oh got it,
so
we we've got, big County is ready to go back a phase,
Them
yeah that's what I
see.
So that does that mean that you've been stuck at home no work or you've been able to get out a little bit?
that's
good. Good
that's
good.
that's hard.
what is
it?
Oh anything else? Yeah yeah I
haven't I have a couple of jobs and I haven't stopped working I mean I know how lucky I am, I really really do but it's just like okay I haven't had a break, everybody's like at home and doing their thing and like I'm still working so
my
gosh
hey
Like
you
got
to
do
something,
My
big
thing
was
having my big thing was having my kid at home so you know because one school stopped in March then they just, you know, and I understood the school districts didn't have,
they
didn't
know what to do. And
so
he was in high school and they just, they fumbled the ball a lot. They really did, but I really don't blame them because
they didn't, nobody
planned for it
now.
They pretty much gave everybody a pass. They really did. He he got grades that he should not
have gotten. But I'm just like, you did not work for those dudes. So he was he was struggling not really liking it and everything. But yeah, they just, they just basically passed everybody. He now I have a niece that had lots of zoom classes and did things like that. He had not one single
video conference for, you know, 60 days with any of his teachers or anything like that. One of his teachers never contacted him for 60
days, so like, what are you guys doing, you're just sitting at home, right? And I know there
were tons
lots of teachers out there, we're really making the effort and I know they were contacting their students, they were trying to find the kids
that
they had lost
contact
with, I know school districts, there was some kids, they never made contact with the a phone or email or anything the entire time, those are the kids that got lost, right, and that is horrible, but I was just like, wow, they really did not do a lot, so I have no idea what paul is going to be like, or I don't think they're going to start up in person classes here
in september,
because we start in september,
So
it's it's amazing, so one of my main jobs as as a nanny, so and I worked for two different families and they were all, two of the families had doctors, or two of them had doctors in a physical therapist, and a veterinarian in them, so they were all essential workers, they all had to go to work. Um So yeah, it was interesting, I'm watching other people struggling with the childcare issue and you know, it's yeah, the people I work for can afford me basically and I know that most families can't and I know how important school is and I know how important daycare is, but what about the people that are watching all those little kids? Right. The janitors, how many, how many
people that put their kids in daycare? It's the grandma, the
home daycare that takes care of the kids with grandma there, you know, and it's just I don't
I don't know what the answers are. I truly don't I don't have any solutions, I'm just trying
to sit back and hold down the forward as much as I can.
I know,
Great.
Oh absolutely, and I know that around here they did that they're doing it all summer long, they're still doing meals for the kids all summer. But again, it's the the access to it. I talked to somebody the other day and they said it was the first time they've gone to the grocery store in eight weeks because they rely on the bus and the bus is stopped running. So you know, I hadn't even thought about that, I hadn't even thought about someone that that's their whole affects the whole ability to get around and function in life and they don't have a bus to get anywhere.
It's it's a tough one and I know, I mean I live in more, I just live in a standard suburban area and all of our kids have chromebooks from elementary to high school, they all have chromebooks from supplied by the school district, and I know not every school district can do that and can't afford it. So how, you know, I'm actually an experienced home school or I home school my kid until he went to high school, and it's not easy. It's
not it's not,
it's tough
and I know that I know they're finding out how hard it is because a lot of people aren't used to butting heads with their kids
over
that
stuff, It's hard enough with
homework, but then when you're trying to get the information in their head so that they're learning it, it's
a whole another thing. Oh God,
my gosh.
Right. You just don't have the, that's
like my son, we're
making dinner and he was telling
me all these
things I
need to be doing in the future, that would change and be better. Just like, oh my God, I'm making you dinner. Shut up! I know how to do. Oh yeah, it's it's super fun when they're 16.
he's awesome. I love him to pieces, but he has been stuck in this house, you know, since March. He's gone out to the grocery store a couple of times and to my sister is a couple of times, that's it hasn't been anywhere, he has had no friends over nobody to see, I don't know,
you
know,
and
I worry about his mental health, he's fine, he's happy. he can just sit on his computer all day and chat
and play
games.
I
don't,
I don't know how,
that's like one
of the little
girls
I watched, she's 19 months old and we went to the farmers market, you know, masked and socially distanced
at the farmer's market, but another guy was there with his little baby
and
you could just tell he was desperate for contact with other parents and other kids and you could just see it. He just really wanted to talk and we kind of let the babys circle around each other because there generally pretty safe and everything. But yeah, you just see it from every age range. I haven't seen my parents since february, you know, I haven't gone to see him because they're 77 years old and they go out and do their shopping and everything. But I mailed them masks and you know sanitizing gel and get mad at them when they go out too often. But they're pretty much homebodies so I don't feel too bad about it. But
yeah, absolutely. We just keep telling them just stay at home and watch tv like you used to do it, that's what you did before. Right? So
you
don't
find that jazz
things up and do something new?
That's
not
So
did
you have go
ahead?
Okay. Good. You're fine.
They are governor just announced this week statewide the mask requirement and of course, you know people were all upset. But my thing is is I look at what other countries have done and how they've been successful or not successful. My number one thing is Hong kong like Hong kong has had seven deaths, right? This incredibly densely packed city has said seven deaths and they said they did a study and
during
the
early morning commute, they had 97% mask compliance. So it, you know, it to me that just, that works. That makes sense to me. The 12 people wearing masks, the idea that you're going to transmit anything to each other is really low.
And I mean I work also in a grocery store and I really, you want to watch me dodge customers that are sometimes because it
just kind of tells me that if they're coming in without a mask that you know, they're not showing appreciation for all the workers that are there and they're having to deal with, you know, hundreds and hundreds of customers every single day.
Right. Exactly. And it's not fun. I mean, I see these people saying, I put a mask on, I couldn't breathe after a minute, I'm like, oh my gosh, I work for nine or 10 hours and I get it, it's not fun, I I do a kind of a heavy lifting merchandising type job and it's busy, busy, busy, I go straight for nine
hours
and I take breaks, I go outside and take my mask off, there's nobody in the aisle for a while, I take it off and just take a couple breaths, but
I get it, it's it's not
fun at all, it really isn't.
Oh, yeah, I totally feel it like it doesn't at all, so, yeah, and that's my that's my philosophy that I've always been about, is protecting other people. My sister, she's a writer actually, and uh she has a lot of, you know, she has a broad base of, of readers and she knows that there's a large portion of her her reader group that,
you know, let's just say it's just like America is divided down the line on, on two sides of the political spectrum. And so she just gently tries to say, hey, you know, this is why I wear a mask. This is why I do what I do. Because I'm trying to protect, you know, my elders. I'm trying to protect my community and my family and friends and like our parents. Yeah, the number of cancer things with them and heart stuff. It's just ridiculous. The number of things that they have that could cause an issue. So she just gently tries to educate them everything. I don't know if it works at all, But she tries, you know,
Right. Yeah.
She
just
tries to,
She's on a very socially distance trip to Yellowstone right now
because
all
the all they're doing is staying in the trailer camping and staying in the trailer and just doing, you know, the things where they're away from everybody. So everywhere she posts all of her pictures, all of her pictures are masked, you know, at old faithful, here's my picture at old faithful. I'm all masked. We've seen a little examples here and there.
They
mask around other people. Yes, yes. But you know if they're just hanging outside their trailer in the campground and stuff, they're not masking.
So
yeah, no, I do too. I mean I get out and walk every day with the little girl that I watch and
we talked to all the neighbors, we all stand about 10 ft apart. Talk to each other from across the street because even there a lot of those people are working
from home and like, oh, hey,
there's the
baby, let's go talk to the baby. They're excited to see other people and be out there and
talk their ear off exactly now. Where's he at?
Car and see. You need to get somebody shipped out to the west coast. Then you have all these excuses come out and visit and
oh, that's fun. We, my father in law lived in the long beach California. So we went there all the time.
It was
great.
Yeah. Just a quick little hop over from the west Coast hawaii.
Yeah. Still lives twice. Yeah.
It's
blur. It's a big blur for me. Yeah.
My sister lived in indiana for about eight years and I was always like, now, where is that? How far are you over here? You know? Because I was called at the midwest and she's like, okay. Oh
I
know, I'm good
all the way up until Colorado done lots of travel, all the way over to colorado Montana, all of that South Dakota, North
Dakota
West, I'm good. Everything else. It's a big blur.
Well, see, I'm the only thing I've ever done is like, I've gone to Disney World, oh, I've gone to a family reunion in florida too. So just when it was like the worst season,
I think it was july in florida
and
I, yeah, I don't want to repeat that. That
was pretty,
you
know what? We're gonna have a great fourth of july, it can be like 77 degrees.
Example,
we
well yeah,
it'll get that hot, it just doesn't stay that hot for long so we had a couple of 85 degree days last week. And um
and then it will it will hit some nineties. Yeah we'll get into nineties this year. But what's funny is like not because it doesn't happen that often, 90% 95% of people don't have air conditioning. Oh yeah that's what everybody that moves here is like where's the air conditioning like oh sorry we don't do that because you don't need it. You just really don't need it for probably like 15 20 days a year when you actually do.
am
lucky. The
Yeah. See so yeah when we hit 85 it was I had I have all my windows open and the fans blowing in and it's survivable.
So yeah when you come out to Seattle and Portland, make sure you come out during the summer and find find a good time. September is a good time actually to, because it's the end of summer and it's
usually
we have really nice weather Junes. Yeah. So.
No.
Mm hmm. So yeah.
Just imagine that out here in Washington.
it's culpable. I promise my province.
Well, hey,
we've
almost we've had almost 30 minutes.
you do, Let me see. So as soon as let me double check here, um let's see. What do we got our timer there. Okay.
And then,
yeah, I think that
I'm trying to remember what we did last time. I I think we just x out of it and then that ended, it ended
the
conversation and then you go back
and you take a survey. So don't forget that survey part. It's a little longer than you. You plan on like 15 plus minutes, so.
Yes, they do. So that's pretty fun. Yeah. So keep an eye on prolific. There's definitely some fun um, fun uh, surveys on there and I got hooked early into the covid ones. They just send them every week and yeah,
I put it all in my travel fund. That eventually will happen again one time. So anticipating
for next year. All right. Well, it's great to chat with you.
Keep an eye out for these surveys and they come up again because they're fast. Easy money.
We'll take
it. All right. Well, hey, have a good night. I'm gonna go eat my dinner and see how it turns
out. Talk to you later. Bye.