Heidi, how are you?
That's
I'm good. My name is Casey.
Nice to meet you too.
Pretty good. Pretty good.
It's rainy,
rainy and cold.
Green bay. Wisconsin.
How about you?
did.
Yeah and now I think it said that it felt like it was 36 though so
it is still no coat for me. It's got to get at least another 10 degrees colder. But
um I had to walk to a friend's house yesterday and um feed her cats and I think it was snowing a little bit. It felt like it
good.
Yeah I don't count that. Mhm.
No no it's not fun snow
both.
Yeah.
Yeah I'd like to visit there someday. It seems
like it
price.
Well right now it's probably not a good time for summary. We went from a relative being a relatively safe place to live till two recently. We've had shootings and murders and like family annihilator is in this area and just like murder suicides and it's nuts there's
like
It's kind of all over, it's been the east side and west side. And I live in Bellevue which is like a smaller part like not in the main city. And we've had I think we had a murder suicide and um we've had a couple of shootings over here too.
know. I'm hoping once the election is over, stuff comes down.
I know I know I don't know whether to get a gun or not. It's scary. I live in a an apartment building which is locked so at least there's that.
Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. Well Green Bay is so small. It's
not.
Uh huh. Not really. Like I used to live in charleston south Carolina and um which I think was like the murder capital of the U. S. When I lived there, which was terrible. But uh, I don't know. I think we have like 200,000 people in Green Bay, but
hmm. I think
people think bigger because we have the professional football team.
Yes. Yeah. Oh no. Small town. Yeah.
Oh
Uh, somewhat um, who does Jackson? They'll have
drug wars. Are they professional book?
Mhm.
I
okay. I'm not, I'm not as familiar with them. It is by being in a very small town with a professional football team. It's a huge pain in the ass though. The traffic is absolutely terrible because you get an influx of like, I think that stadium holds 100,000 people. The town
cannot support that many people. And they're after like with all the terrorist stuff, you know, they bring in like, oh, I think I lost you.
I lost, you know, I lost your uh
picture.
Yeah. That's weird.
I wonder.
okay. Good. Good. Well, I'm okay with it.
No, it just turned to like I see a silhouette. Okay. But I'm sure they can see both of us. So that's all that matters. Huh?
Weird.
Did
you, yeah, like in the very bottom of your little square. Oh, now you're back. Now you're back.
You're good.
me too.
Would you?
Yeah, I think that's all that matters.
I did four for the last batch and I've done one. Well, you're my second one for this one. How about you?
I like it because I mean, you know, compromise. So I don't get much contact with other people.
So
it's nice.
Um, I was I was I was home, what was it? I was home for March until except him. No. Yes, september 13th and my mother brought Covid home and
I got Covid I got covid pneumonia and I was hospitalized for five days and then was really sick for uh another, I don't know, three weeks after that. So
well I haven't been as careful now because I've got some, well they don't know if you have immunity or not, but I saw my rheumatologist today and yeah, so I told him I have been places, he said just be really careful.
Oh yeah, it's absolutely terrible. The pain is unimaginable and um like with the disease I have I have a systemic scleroderma and I have to be on hydroxychloroquine and I have been for the last five years and my rheumatologist thinks that that helped because it's an antiviral and that had already built up in my system so much. So I already had that counting for me. And they gave me remdesivir and they also gave me um the real high powered steroids too. But they were they were really afraid to give me the plasma because of the graft versus host because of my immune system. They didn't want to kill me with plasma. So it's crazy.
It was in the covid unit. So it was watched a lot closer. Yeah.
And I was
Oh, I was really lucky because actually um Wisconsin has been the worst for covid lately in my area has been really bad. And had I gotten sick two weeks later, I might not have been hospitalized because of the illness I have, I'm sick enough that I'm not a priority for helping. You know? So like if they were to need to put me on a ventilator, but they had other healthier people, I wouldn't be put on a ventilator. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So I was lucky, I got sick when I did. Mhm.
Oh yeah, it's pretty bad right
now.
Yeah. They built a field hospital in Madison recently that they're transferring people to. Uh huh. So
there's a huge drinking culture here and I think that's part of our problem here, I can't drink, I've been on meds that make me where I can't drink, but people go to bars and restaurants and people don't always want to wear their masks here and they're just they're kind of stupid and then our our what is it? I don't like the our government keeps going against our new governor um trying to like he'll put in mask mandates and they keep trying to get them dropped and um the stay at home orders, they've tried to get them dropped and stuff like that, like he's trying to protect us and then the government is um trying to get all that stuff dropped. But we had a we had a Republican governor for a really long time and then when the democratic governor got in like most of the government up here I think is Republican and they've been able to go against him for a lot of the stuff and the only way he has been able to do anything was emergency orders.
Yeah. So all of these people you know who want to go out and drink and do all this stuff don't realize that it's just for their own protection, so
I don't
know.
Yeah, mask mandates, you
cannot
go anywhere without a mask mandate.
Oh everybody's heard about your governor de Santis Right. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh
I love the story.
I was reading something about him and having chest pains before I came on here. I was like, oh God, good stuff reading.
I just need to like shut my eyes but not watch the news or anything.
It's terrible.
I know, I know it's so funny like most people I'm sure know who they're voting for right now. I don't think they need to like hit people over the head with all this stuff for all the political ads on all the tv shows now and uh huh
it pays to have the hulu plan with no.
Oh they're wonderful. Yeah.
and
they
need to do,
I don't watch it but I'll listen to uh Canadian talk radio sometimes and it's funny how they talk about like stuff going down here.
But
I know I was I was reading something recently where they were saying that um that when they go up to like their small talk in europe with their friends consists of America you know what's going on so yeah
and now we need the help now. Yeah.
No now
and I hope it doesn't like I hope you know whether biden gets voted in or trump has to leave in for eight more years. I hope it doesn't take too long to repair the relationship with other countries
after what happened. Yeah.
it makes me nervous that we have an okay relationship with uh Russia
and Iran is now trying to interfere in the election and it's all those scary countries.
Yeah definitely don't want anything to do with them.
So.
Have you have you ever seen um The Handmaid's Tale?
Yeah it was a classic book. Um I think it's an rand. Uh
Yeah but the shows on hulu it reminds me so much of what's going on right now. It's crazy. I've watched the entire series and they filmed in Canada so they had to back up till next year for the next season but it's worth a watch. It's
yeah it's
brutal but it's a good series.
definitely.
the kind of like a dystopian society. Um It's kind of like what would happen if the Cuban in people in the really really religious people took over the US by force
you
know?
So. Uh huh.
Oh it's scary. They think that they think that there's some kind of democratic set that has satanic pedophiles or something, It's just bizarre
and then I Uh huh
Oh yeah, you should look that up. It's it's not, its real nuts. Yeah.
It Really? Oh no, they haven't sided with the democrats, they're waiting for the democrats. They like they wanted to hurt the democrats, but it um it should be sci fi, but unfortunately it's not and there's like there's a woman that's running for office um that they think might get in, that believes all this stuff that's running for, I think Senate.
Yeah. Yeah, it's just you really should have to have a mental exam for you get
in.
Mhm. You should live on this planet, you know?
it is, it is,
I know, I'm scared for the people who might lose their insurance if they get rid of the affordable care Act two.
This
yeah, I have uh I have Medicare, okay, so I don't have to worry about that. But people that would be terrible for people who might lose it.
He
said
pretty right now because it's expensive. But
then
they are but that was the woman that they're trying to get in for the Supreme Court got elevated to another level of something. Um Today, I don't know how that works. She hasn't been voted in completely, but she got elevated to the next level of whatever that being confirmed is and they're really hoping that she will be the swing vote for that so
get rid of that
overturn that. Yeah and overturn a lot of the stuff that um they haven't been able to overturn because of um ruth Bader Ginsburg was liberal and now they've got more conservatives and liberals on the Supreme Court I guess or they will.
Yeah so
I don't know leverage. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um I sit in my house and I watch tv.
Yeah and go to doctor's appointments and physical therapy and stuff like that. Yeah.
Oh mm.
Um I have since I was sick since I started to feel better I probably shouldn't be doing that but I don't know it emboldened me a little bit. Yeah.
Oh no no
nothing.
Oh no no I have been to a restaurant like once or twice but they have I know the restaurants where they have places where you can sit like way away from everybody and I only go with people that I like my mom or a friend, you know people who I'm sure aren't sick. Well my mom gave it to me but so I'm not so sure
about her.
Um She works with clients in their homes. Yeah.
wow. Do you get take like do
you?
No.
Oh my God I do that all the time that they set um safe. Mhm.
True.
Oh yeah like all my groceries mr Liburd that I do.
Instacart is great.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah you can get some weird stuff like a spirit Halloween store even is even on Instacart which is weird. Yeah.
Yeah I was real surprised when I saw that on there.
Yeah they do yeah.
No.
yeah Instacart has a really good like you go on to the Instacart app or online and then you pick your store and then it has everything they offer. Yeah.
Well okay so let's let's say it's Costco um it's not gonna be everything Costco offers like you know how they have like storage bins and then they anything ridiculously big they don't have on there. Um
Like the storage bins and stuff you can't order on there and it's Sam's Sam's will deliver that stuff.
no
no.
Yeah.
Yeah and you don't actually have to like I have a I have a membership to both of those stores but you don't actually have to have a membership to shop it either on Instacart.
No it's higher. But even if you like if you shop online at either one of those stories that's higher too.
So it's right about what the prices are online.
Even with the membership if you buy Stefan either one of those stores online it's more expensive and it comes right out and says it shipped prices higher.
Yeah or like this I shouldn't say shit like it's a places it's not the it's not the service shipped. But like if you order things online from Costco it's just going to be more expensive than if you just go in the store. Yeah. Yeah.
But
I'm
um for Instacart if you go on there it will it'll have like a little I think it's got like a little I with a circle around it. And if you hit that button it says whether the prices are higher than in store. Like we have places like Festival and pick and save or not higher but like Costco sam's um there's a place I don't know if you have mired down there. Myers
higher. Um I don't remember where else they have like different places. A lot of places are higher but not too much higher. But it's worth it if you don't want to be exposed to people in a grocery store.
yeah.
All
Yeah. The first store I went to after I had like come out of hiding but I was right on top of somebody in line and I had forgotten you know just the last time I had been in the story you didn't have to do that and I just completely forgotten and that store didn't have the little things
on the floor
from idea. Yeah.
No.
Yeah I was like wait close Walgreens. Right.
Well that's good.
That's cool. We'll do that too.
Oh yeah they're better off I'm sure.
Oh yeah well that's good. Yeah.
that's good.
It was leaving you.
I'll try.
Well good.
Yeah it was I had fun.
I know yeah I enjoy them
thank you.
no it'll just keep getting worse hopefully slowly.
they are. I've just got to keep taking my chemo and my malaria meds and hope for the best
yep that's what hydroxychloroquine is. Yeah.
it can but if you've been on it for a long time um it kind of helps. Yeah it can kill you if you all of a sudden go on it it's dangerous
and
it can ruin your eyes to I have to have exams every year to make sure I don't have retinal texas city. Okay.
the master Danger. Read it for sure.
Yeah. Well you can't not go medicated with it but I don't know. Gotta do what you gotta do. Right. Mhm.
and I just got Social Security so it took me almost three years. Yeah.
No no definitely not because I haven't been able to work for a really long time so but yeah,
at least to have it now, it's good.
But yeah it was super nice talking to you.
It's
34 day, yep.
yeah you enjoy your night too.
Thank you.
It was nice bye.