Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Well wherever I turn your Halloween stuff yeah. Mhm. Yes I need bringing too much tv uh you need a waste referring to be wonderful girl mystery friend. The one that's going in the world. A blank walls. Mhm. That's fine. Tell me I want that so no because then I started getting the window so it's dark. You know your daughter right there? No I didn't just close the door I don't want to get it I don't want him to come in.
Good. My name is bob
how are you today?
Casey. It's nice to meet you. A
how's your day going today?
Pretty good.
Crazy.
Oh rainy and cold. We're just friends here. Where you where you located at?
Oh I'm gonna get cold there Whatever
I'm in florida Jacksonville florida. So it is hot and rainy here. It just rained a little bit ago just real quick. So but it didn't cool it down at all. What's
what what's the temperature there? Ooh
yeah that's that's a little cold
before it is. Have you had snow yet?
So that was
your first snow for this year or?
Yeah it didn't accumulate is what you're saying.
No
just just kind of there. Yeah I I used to live in Montana so I know what it's like to be cold and so um
I like the warm weather now.
I think
I
don't think I've ever been to Green Bay yet.
Is that
all over the city or just certain areas
wow. Getting old too close for them. Mhm. Get closed. Yeah
that we'll see we'll know in about 12 days how everything turns out and it gets real violent or it just gets better. Yeah
At least you feel a little secure then then people can't get in and maybe cause trouble. That's that's good thing. Nice.
I mean, Jacksonville is somewhat, you know, there's certain parts of the town where there's a lot of violence going on, you know, a lot of murders and stuff and I don't understand it, but you know, I try to stay away from those areas of town, but we're kind of like, we feel like we're on the safer side of town.
I think
it's not big.
It was bigger than that. Mhm.
And it's
exactly Green Bay packers.
that is, I mean, I wouldn't think the town that size could support it. Yeah, I mean, we're about a million people here in Jacksonville, so it is a lot bigger and we have a football team, but you know, it's not a good football team, but um
we do, Are you familiar with that football at all or? No,
The jack wires?
not. Mhm.
They
lose they lose a lot of games. Okay, So.
probably,
no, I'm still here. Can you see me?
But you
can hear me? But you lost the video? Yeah.
Yeah, because I can still see you and hear you.
And my video, my video shows that it's on. I mean, I see myself in you. Mhm.
I mean is your screen black or what?
I have.
Yeah, maybe at the end, I know when they ask the questions afterwards, we might have to, you know, just tell him there was a problem with the video, partially. It might come
back.
It
might just be the internet then is slow somewhere between us, you know, between one of us. Yeah, my little square. I have a little red button, A
dot,
so that shows that it's recording.
Yeah. Have you done these before? Okay, so how many have you done now?
Uh this is my fourth one now to this is my fourth one total. A couple of other ones canceled out in the past week. You know where they didn't one of them did come online like they were supposed to and then one canceled right at the last minute at least I can let me know. So that was actually yesterday. So I think this is an interesting concept of what they do, it's all worth it. Yeah,
I
understand.
Yeah it's pretty good. I bet you're really making sure you stay home now most definitely.
Ooh.
Well I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah. Yeah because you might, you know I know they have said that you can't catch it again but supposedly they somebody has caught it before again. I mean I heard that has happened. So I was like, wow, but you're probably the first person I've ever talked to that's actually had it and got to be that sick and so you know, it's good insight. You know, we try and be careful ourselves and um and we take it very serious still.
Yeah. So you had to spend five days in the hospital? Was that I see you or is that just in the hospital in general?
That's that's that's good. But but
but go ahead. I'm sorry.
They make them kind of, they make them kind of choices. Huh, wow.
Back when the cases were lower and and so you, as Wisconsin that you said they saw they've seen an increase now been getting worse.
Oh,
hospitalizations and all that and they're all getting filled up
To. Yeah. So then yeah it sounds like it's pretty bad there then. Is that attributed to think to the winter coming, you know, people being indoors now or Thank you. Yeah.
To enact emergency, Yeah, declarations. Yeah.
So
they
do they have current restrictions going on now in the in the state
just
about
okay. And that's it. They've opened up everything else and like here in florida everything is open and of course the governor here doesn't believe that mass though either.
Uh
I wish he was up for re election this year but he's not and it's just like really like a guy that doesn't have a clue actually just looked about an hour ago to see what the cases were today and they're up to like 5700 today. And just last week we were getting down to the 2000 range. So it's been going up, it's going to go right back, keep, keep on going up because our governor says, hey, open everything up, do what you wanna do, you know, he's, but he's trump's friends, so mm
another whole totally different area. Yes.
Uh huh, mm hmm.
If
I do, yeah, I don't watch the news, I might recur headlines real quick and that's it. I just move on. I'm just tired of listening to all this.
Yeah. Yeah,
Beyond things where you don't see the commercials and all the ads and uh actually last night I did watch the news, but I watched the BBC news.
I feel I get a little bit better perspective and I don't have to hear all the other stuff in between, you know? So if
I
want
you do you watch it
isn't it? You get to
see another country's perspective of what they Uh huh. And it's a shame that it's gone that way though.
Yeah it's it's a shame because you know the U. S. Was that great country before that everybody looked up to and could you know expect to get help from and you know they were they were the leaders now it's like everybody's put their hands up and say stay away from us.
you know nobody I don't think anybody is rushing to come help us right now.
I think we burned some bridges along the way and that was a problem.
I agree.
agree totally. And you know I I don't know who's going to get into office you know I just like you know just hope the best person gets in there and does something about all this, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm. Yes, North Korea,
you know
so yeah, I don't know. But we you know we make enemies of the good ones and that's a shame. Mhm.
I don't think so. What is handmade Handmaid's
Maybe with her?
I got you lose so maybe we'll take that
and
it's a good series to watch and um
nice only always open to something different, you know and and new um
what
it was
like
so they would that's what it would be like. That's kind of perspective they're trying to put put across. I might watch it cause I'm not real familiar with the Cuban on what they are.
And bizarre.
They're just they're bizarre. I know that they're supposed to be their extreme left. Right,
I I probably will because I keep on hearing about it but just like I don't know who they are, their name pops up and you know and it's supposedly that they're subsided with the democrats and stuff and I'm like well who are they?
For a senator wow
I
like that
should just be a normal person that lives, you know that should be elected, you know not all these politicians that you know, I don't know what they're doing or just they've got their own causes that they want to go after it, our whole political system I think is a mess right now,
I don't know what where that will ever change, you know?
Yeah because that's they're still
fighting on that, right?
You know who
rely
on, pardon?
I
thought I know that they were fighting it but I thought this they're they're still in the courts, right? Mhm
Be the swing vote to um
overturn it,
yeah, the kind of stack the other way now. Mhm.
Mhm
I just say, you know we'll see, oh
it's so do you normally, what do you do it in Green Bay normally
enjoy like that is what you do mm
Mhm
You get out and about in Green Bay or
I mean you get you get tired of being cooped up all the time, you know you have to get out and do your things and you know find something to do, just don't do the dangerous things just you know find you know things that are, you know like go to the park, go for walks somewhere, uh don't hang out in bars and stuff,
you
know if you don't drink but that's just not a safe place to be, even if you don't drink, mm hmm.
Does
she know where she got it from or?
so that may be a good, good starting point? Yeah, we haven't been out to eat since like february.
No,
no,
no.
it's it's not 100% safe. And that's why I, you know, say no, you know, unless it's, you know, I'm very confident in that it's, you know, it's going to be safe and no, it's easier to eat at home, make your own food, you know, take
when you go to the stores. Oh,
A friend of mine has her has done that way too. She hasn't, she only place she goes to her doctors and stuff and then she has everything delivered at home and uh
yeah, I think that's who she uses to Instacart and uh I was like that's a good thing then but I see them in the stores all the time Instacart whose there's another one out there to oh shit okay that was the other one I see like in Target and stuff so it's gotta be good business for them.
Yeah that's I wouldn't expect that from them.
So they must they must have a website then. Yes. Did they have a website?
because I was like how do you know what to order from Spirit Halloween If unless you can actually
see it mm.
Is it does it have like everything that's in the store or do they limit what's available in insta cart that you can order?
No.
That kind of stuff like what like a big tv or something, Not
a Costco but
if you want to order you know their meats or their vegetables, uh frozen frozen stuff, they have that all on there. Huh. Yeah, I
didn't know if the car did Costco? That's good to know.
Mm and you get do you get membership pricing or do they, do they put a surcharge on it then?
What?
Okay without a membership then?
an actual store price because they have to make their money. Yes, I understand that.
bringing what about it? Like
the order for like you said Sam's
club or walmart or something?
No.
Exactly. That's exactly something we might have to use as if things get worse again, you know think about utilizing a sort
of fat right now. We take every precaution when we do go the story, you know we take sanitizer with this and you know where our math, you know, we try and be as safe as we can when we're going there. Um try and stay away from you and hit him hours when they're not as busy too. That's the big thing because you've got
so many people who don't care and they just crowd around you, they don't care. Yeah, that's uh that's the problem with going to a store.
little
things on the floor.
the person say anything or that you just
all sudden recognize that yourself. Mhm
the only reason I say that this guy was in a target and I was paying one time and uh and this other guy that was right wedding next came right up right up next to me to start putting this stuff there and I had to say, can you please back up, you know, because I don't have a problem, I'll tell you, you know, back up. No. You know, and he understood, you know because he didn't know I wasn't done yet. I was still waiting, you know, finalised the bill and it was just like you know just wait wait what markings for but we're don't care actually was in a walmart earlier and there was two guys that came in there and they didn't have a mask on and actually the store employees were trying to escort them out. What surprised me because I thought walmart didn't care anymore that they were they required but they weren't going to enforce it. But apparently a couple of people that were working and they're decided to ask them to please leave.
You know? I was
Yeah, I understand you like Costco most definitely, you know because you know you have a membership there, they can tell you you know anything they want because you remember, so if you don't want to follow the rules, don't come in our store and there's a lot of stories that are like that and um but some of the stories, they don't enforce these let people come in, you know, you don't got a mask on. So well man, you know, we we do all of our safety precautions. I have two kids um in home home school right now because of that too. Um because we weren't safe with, you know, even though our governor says open the schools up, you know, it was a mistake to close the schools working here and you know, we're watching, watching the cases, go on the different schools around us and stuff and say, see this is what happens and Yeah,
and they're they're they're doing pretty good in it, you know? So we've gotten used to it because we did it end of last year, you know, for three months so nothing to get restarted on it, they're in their second quarter now, so let's continue on until it gets better.
Got to play it safe still. Yeah.
Mhm. Well it was nice meeting you I think are
yep you stay stay warm up there in Green Bay.
I did learn a lot from you today, that was part, I did learn a lot a lot about
Green Day and some other stuff so it was very very good, interesting conversation and
yeah it's always fun to do these and you know and just if you can take something away from it, great. Yeah,
so okay um stay safe, I hope you feel better, you know? I hope they keep on getting better. Yeah
nothing is going to improve over time for you and no
I hope so. But there hopefully they're taking good care of you. That's the big point then.
you take a malaria meant
I heard about that one that they were used to. They thought it would work for Covid but then they said no it kills people
Is
it
Yeah that's um that's something else that I learned. No. Well
yeah. Well it sounds like you got some pretty heavy things heavy medications that you're dealing with and wow your brave person tell you that much.
But you need to keep your spirits up right keep your spirits up go for another. Yeah
should be that way now.
Yeah I shouldn't take that long I've heard it does but it shouldn't so sorry to hear it but
that's good. Mhm. So
yeah it was nice talking to you too and uh if you do another one, enjoy it and uh yeah and enjoy the rest of your
you're after is this afternoon there? See what is it for 40? Is it
40? So it's 4 40 here? So yeah you're still in your afternoon. Okay,
yep. All right. Yeah.
Thank you for the for the talk to. It was nice.