Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes, I mean, Yeah. Mhm. Okay. It's for about five minutes. Oh, okay. Yeah, but the burden. What anybody out there. Mhm. We still have time. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. God, I can't believe. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yes. Why does it say archiving on I haven't had a conversation yet. Blue.
How you doing?
Good. Certainly. I was wondering if they're ever gonna hook
me up
with anyone.
I tried yesterday and had some problems so they rescheduled me for today. Yeah,
I do some I mean, I do it out of boredom.
Yeah,
It was the offset some of the spending, Yeah.
Yeah. It's
extra spending cash.
You know, every conversation, it seems like I have with video chat right now is just depressing when I'm talking with everybody back home. I live in florida, but I'm originally from New Jersey, which is where all this started and we're now the second ground zero. I guess you'd call it. I mean the whole state right now is basically shut down. You know, It's not funny,
I
think you're becoming numb to the numbers. That's the impression I'm getting. I mean for me, I I lost my cousin, he was 42
six
months older than I than I am in no underlying conditions, He did work in a hospital, but uh he never had any health problems in his life and he died early on from this and
being in florida, I couldn't even fly on for the services. So I
know you know personally, so you know, but there are people, they don't wear masks spreading
all over. We had 5000 cases today, 9000 yesterday and
Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
they
had no
idea what
they
were dealing with.
I
do it out of respect for everyone because florida,
we
do
have a lot of senior citizens down here stroll. You know, they're the ones who are really scared at, you know catching this because they are susceptible to it. Um But we also have a young population who doesn't care, so you've got those mixed and it's kind of you know stores throwing people out and you know sometimes it gets a little ugly but we'll get through it. So where are you from?
Georgia? Okay, nice.
I live in Delray Beach, right about Balka. I got family in Boca and uh I like Delray Beach a little bit more plus the prices were better. I mean my place in bulk, it probably would be almost double for what I paid for here and I was able to buy it for cash so and I can't be that 42 no mortgage. Uh
Yeah, I mean
I was sitting there and I looked at the numbers I want, I want to upgrade at some point in the future I can, but you know, it's got everything I need. I got two bedroom, two bath. It's a condo right across from the pool, the clubhouse. I don't have to mow the yard. Thank God because I work at toward Miami and uh, by the time I get home, the last thing I want to do is more manual labor. We're even pay for it. I mean landscaping services make a killing down here because you know, with the rain, grass is always grown.
There
is, but there's, to be honest with a lot of it is like puds and communities, um, where you pay an H. O. A. Fee and you know, they bring landscaping crews into, uh, you know, take care of the yards because our community part of its condos and then we have single family homes on the other side that are all part of the same community. But um when it comes down to mowing the lawn and stuff like that, that's all taken care of by outside contractors, which, you know, it's kind of a good deal for them. I don't know how much more they pay, but you know, not happen to, you know, worry about it. You know, that's
thing for me.
Good.
No,
my family's actually from New Jersey about 45 minutes outside of new york and I used to work on port network for the L. A. I'm a longshoreman and I got hurt on the job up there and I recovered. But when I got back I was sitting there, I was like, you know, my body is not gonna be able to handle the cold anymore. So I moved to florida and you know we had port Miami. It's a little bit of a hike as far as the commute. But when I do work, especially right now we're not allowed to work consecutive days because you know we're going up on ships and everything so they have tests and everything else we have to go through constantly and you know we're on one day off one day and then Miami is about an hour life. But it's always an adventure driving down there. It's basically a madhouse. Yeah.
Yeah. I got warned about it when I
you know I called up my friend because he's the guy that would get me the job and he was sitting there is like you know Miami is a zoo, right? I'm like yeah my God, don't care. I'll make the best of it. I'm not, all that got to do is go to the pier and then jump back out on the highway and
it's still even once you get on the interstates and everything else I mean it's a it's a nuthouse but yeah you know it's good money, good benefits.
What about you, What do you do
Yeah that's the number I keep hearing is 14 days. No you know my uh union just sent out a thing with this you know the summer coming up now fourth of july weekend telling everyone that you know do not travel to florida because if you do you can't go back to work for two weeks after you get home. They got a quarantine. Yeah I mean like I said they're doing a lot of safety type
of things.
Well
I l. A. We cover every uh every peer from nova Scotia all the way down in Houston. So you know all those peers in between, they sent that a thing. You know? Stay away from florida. Stay away from texas. Stay away from Arizona. You know I think there's nine states they put on it and you know they were just letting them know, you know if you do go there and you come home you gotta stay quarantined for two weeks, you're not allowed to go back to work. So they are being careful. I mean
it can be a pain sometimes and when we are at work because we will be sleeping you know at work so guys will be sleeping in their cars and everything and that always makes it fun when we have to go to the ship and you got to figure out where everybody is. And we could be working with anywhere from like 6 to 10 guys on the ship and the cars are scattered everywhere so we use cellphones. But some guys are deep sleepers and you know you know it's always an adventure. I'll just leave it at that but we still get it done normally. You know we got uh cots and inflatable mattress and stuff like that. We're all sleeping within 15 ft of each other but under the circumstances you know it's just not safe. So we make do people find private spots? Like I said, sleeping cars, stuff like that.
But
yeah I mean for me I just remembered I mean the first place it really hit was new york city and that's when my cousin called it and we were sitting in florida and I thought because they were sitting there basically putting a travel ban on people coming in but there's also a lot of snow uh snowbirds that own real estate down here, so they can't keep them away from their own homes. So when they came down to, you know, run away from uh thing up there, they kind of, I'm thinking brought it down here with them because my neighbor downstairs, she showed up one day and she lives on Long Island in new york. And I was sitting there and I was right after my cousin passed, I will look out the door and she's unpacking the car and I'm going, what in the, you know, sleep are you doing here? And she's like, I'm not sitting around that, like get in your house, do not come out,
are
you insane? But then I walked back inside and I know it's common and uh it took about three weeks and then it started head,
well,
I think
the problem too is it's been going on now for so long that everybody's thinking it's just a pain. I mean, I forgot to wear a mask one time and I went in the store and try to, you know, use my shirt and they're like, no, you can't do that. I had to leave, go home, grab the mask and go back. But I didn't really just think about it. But there are instances of people, you know,
that meant that a shade.
What's
that?
I mean all of this is a piece of cloth and it's to try and if it keeps people relaxed, good. I mean, the last thing you want to do is cause drama. You know, you just want to keep control of everything and
not
luck.
In the stores
and
now
for
Palm Beach County, um, any, any public spaces, you've been walking down the street, you have to wear a mask, you can go out if you're in the wide open, you can take the mask off and
uh for me, like if I go into a grocery store, I'll wear the mask, but as soon as I get outside it's 95 degrees with 90% humidity. That mask is coming straight off while I walked to the car bob. You know, I leave, I got to a bunch of them, but I make sure I leave one in the car. I have one that's hanging off my front door, so I'm always walking around with more than one mask with me. So
not something I was prepared for, you know, with summer coming up.
that
was
I
was, I was taking beach towels that I never used and I was tearing them and using that as my mask until kind of opened up and I was able to go out and get that squad.
Yeah, I mean, most of the ones I use, they're not like medically licensed
cleared.
I know. I mean for
the most part we all know, you know, kind of keep your distance. But my biggest thing that I always get screwed up on is uh standing in line like an autumn at the store, you're sitting there automatically, you're afraid of someone cutting you. But it's just, you know, reaction and uh you
sit there and you move up and then all of a sudden you realize you're right, you know, on the person in front of, because then you gotta back up and
well, those, for the most part, to be honest with you, I kind of ignore. That's
like my one thing, I'll sit there when I go walking down the aisle and I'll look to the shelf if I come across somebody so that at least I'm trying to make sure that nothing for me is getting to them. But you know when I walk into the store the last thing I'm gonna do is walk down the next aisle all the way to the end circle, all the way back. I mean that's just keeping me in the store longer if you want to be out of public as much as possible. You know why make my trip three times as long. That's my thinking at least. So that one just for me just kind of didn't make sense. You
know if you're walking down the aisle, you know turn your head to the to the shelves, you go past somebody. I think that has the same type of an effect least in my non medical opinion club.
I mean everybody's gonna it's just nature, I mean nobody is used to being six ft away and making sure you stay six ft away, having somebody, you know realize that you can't be within that six ft. And then you see people in line that are six ft back and you're kind of looking around wondering what's going on, like oh they're keeping you know, the safe distance. So that's always a little odd.
Yeah. For me I was just waiting for stuff to open up. Now. I have some of the registered ones that I keep basically just for work because those are the ones where it's easier to breathe in. And uh you know when we're up on ships were lifting cables and everything else and you know, adding the temperatures down here right now you get sweaty pretty quick and uh you know, breathing through cloth is not the ideal way to do it. Yeah.
Uh Well, I'm H back mechanic. I work on refrigerated containers. Um basically what we do uh from the time the container comes in, uh we unplugging on board gets offloaded, and once it gets on shore we plug it in, we check the ops on it, make sure it's running, you know, the way it should. Um And then what we do is babysit it, make sure that it keeps working the whole time is there and then it keeps temperature for whatever's inside and then um you know, it's going out, we go back to where are I guess our base or whatever you wanna call it is. And if uh it needs a clip on generator will hang it on it. So take it to where it needs to go. And basically it, but from the time on it gets onshore till, you know, goes out the gate, that's what we do. And then we have some exports or exports that we handle too. But we're primarily importing everything at this point. So we might get maybe 10 going out on the ship that's going somewhere else. But most of it, you know, it's coming in, but it's coming in from all over the world. So that's the part that makes the job even more uh even more dangerous at this point, right,
I've been doing that for eight years. I got into it in 2012. Before that, I was working for a defense contractor. And then this position that I had opened up at port Network. Uh, the pay was a lot more. And my company DRS they were talking about, you know, having me sign paperwork that, you know, where they could send me off to Iraq or Afghanistan and
you know, you get paid extra but you know, sending me into a war zone and I was kind of like all right, I got to find something else to do for a living here. So
I wound
up getting into this and I love the job pays well. I mean it's just right now, it's not the best of times to have it. You know, it's one of those things where a lot of people don't like the idea that we do what we do, but you
know when
I'm awful work right now for the most part, I just sit at home and watch tv. I don't even bother going out because you don't know I mean these ships are coming in from all over the world and you don't know if they're carrying something with them and you know, and giving it to me. So when I'm all for work I pretty much just stay on my own. I mean some of my friends they'll get together but I try and keep my distance just in case something does pop up. Check. Yeah.
What about you? Do you actually meet with the people that
That's when I'm off work, that's really pretty much the only time I go out in public is just grocery shopping and even that I get insta cart for the most part that I use
and
I'm like that with meets, that's the only thing I go to the store and I'm like
I've got to be able to pick out of steak so that if I'm not sitting there just digging into a mound of grizzle.
I mean luckily for me I have for Publix I got like six of them within about two miles of where I live, so
the volume
of people
going in there, not as much, which is good.
Yeah, I think they're based out of Lakeland, I think that's where their home day says, but Delray Beach, they are all over the place.
I had Kroger and Myrtle Beach, went back when I was in college, That was a nice store. They just built it about two years before I graduated, but they had like a little mini library in it and a little cafe. I'm sitting there
at the time thinking this is a grocery store. Right.
yeah, they're bakery is good and uh the only thing that isn't good with them is their seafood department which you know being right on the ocean, you're expecting this nice
size grocery department, but then you get into it and it's like four different types of fish and one of them salmon, which from florida, I'm like,
I go to seafood markets,
yeah, the people that actually go out on the boats and then bring them in, so
I get my seafood that way.
I know,
I can't I can't bear the thought of having the ocean so close to where I live and eating frozen seafood, that that doesn't make any sense. Okay,
the
other thing down here too is uh steak prices are expensive because any time a train comes in, you know, hauling stakes uh when you go to florida, I mean there's really no other place that you can possibly go except, you know, the atlantic ocean after us. So because of that prices are higher than, you know, pretty much anywhere else. On the contrary that part, you know, I had to limit, I guess a little bit uh the amount of steaks that I have, because you know now like a decent steak will cost me like 20 bucks. Yeah, I mean back in Jersey, that's like a little bit less than you would get, you know, if you want to just have someone cooking and uh you eat it at a restaurant,
they're
about the same, I think they're kind of protected by the state as far as like they're going to make their money,
so
I don't think they're gonna gonna be, you know, cutting these out of each other, but you do get some good prices on some of the local fish.
And the best part is, you know, the stands that you go to uh if it's uh fish that's from florida, you know for all you know, they that fish was in the ocean swimming around just yesterday, so I mean that's kind of cool.
Oh God, uh orange roughy fees, which is a really good fish. Uh I mean basically you name it, uh I want to say tilapia, I think I think that's like an artificial fish that they created in a lab or something like that.
I
heard what
there
is
a fish out there are a lot of people eat that isn't even an actual like natural fish,
it
was
created.
What's
that?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean that uh you know the shrimp down here, forget it, the gulf shrimp, gulf shrimp, they'll have, but then the shrimp, even on the east coast is still, you know, amazing. Uh clams are not quite as good. I think the clams that I used to get back up north were better than down here, I think probably because the water was a little bit cooler, you know, compared to down here, so I think that the meek was a little bit more firm in uh in the clam, Not bad, but I still prefer the ones up north,
I like oysters, I don't like them raw, I'm not one of those and uh when I do eat an oyster though, I do have to dip it in hot sauce, I can't just eat it, you know? Playing
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean I like lobster, it's not quite as bad, I mean at least it's bigger in size so you can actually be able to handle a little bit more easier, but you're right when you get a crab it's sitting there and I'm six ft two, so you know, I got big hands and you're sitting there, you're trying to handle this thing that's about that big and it never goes well, luckily they gave you those bibs though.
there's
a lot of vegetarians
in India though, aren't there?
So you
and I are the opposite, I'm a carnivore.
Yeah, I do eat more vegetables now than I used to. At least especially corn,
I'll sit there and just throw an ear of corn in the uh in the oven and just let it go for 40 minutes. 3 50.
my God, they just got out of corn season in florida. And New Jersey is actually known for their corn. But the corn that I was eating just a couple of weeks ago was just as good, I couldn't believe it, I mean there are times of the year when uh the corn in florida, I mean it's like this, I mean it's awful, but when it comes in season it's actually really, really good. I was surprised by,
and my favorites, one of my favorite snacks is just taking an ear of corn in the husk. Don't even take it out and just throw it right in the oven at 3 50 and let it go for 40 minutes, don't even touch it. And then he just take it out and peel back the husk. And uh, you did that one and it's perfect and you just, I mean, it's a little messy I guess when you're uh, you know, peeling back the husk and everything. But other than that, if there's no mess, you're not sitting there cleaning pots and pans and once it's done, you throw it all in the garbage. I mean, it's a nice easy that's free snack and
she
will in season, they were selling them for 29 cents in a year, which
is
oh yeah, and forget about
it's
got to be 25 minutes. I
had
this
thing
before but
I didn't want
to disconnect
us.
I think, yeah, I think we go back to the screen we were on and then um they said it's 20 minutes worth of questions and
I'm rick
superman.
What?
Talking
to you too? I didn't know, I didn't know what this was gonna be like.
I thought it
was gonna
be weird.
What's up man?