Hi.
Oh, good for you.
I
opened
it. I had opened up feeling, but nothing showed up so I had to refresh.
Gotcha. Do you do a lot of the prolific studies?
Yeah. Yeah, I do it because I like shopping and yeah,
I'm a student. So you know, it's like,
I'm prepared to, it's like, it's nice to have like extra money, but
I was on the,
what do you think this is studying? Because I was thinking it was like, maybe for something that's like since a lot of people are on video chats on Covid during covid. So maybe we're studying like the nature of the conversations and stuff.
So that's pretty close. But it's like, I feel I'm just concerned because it's like, it seems like people are taking everything like their acting normal about everything, but
then,
Arms or I'm so
sorry.
I'm sorry.
Where?
I am.
I know. Yeah. My mom's cousin also had passed.
Yeah. I'm sorry too. He was already pretty old. But um, you know, it's still unexpected and I think also the issue is that a lot of people since they haven't done research on it. Right. It's like so new that we don't know who it's
going to affect
how
to
be
safe even though, you know, even though we are healthy, like I'm both healthy, but you know, I'm still going to wear a mask and I'm still gonna take
the
in
north
Korea.
Um so my parents live in India, but I live in Georgia right now. I go
we're on board to do you live?
girl,
that's
Yeah. And I'm sure people have like there's a lot of people with a lot of land because it's so like
they
All right.
Yeah. So where
is your, is your family from florida or from somewhere
else?
Yeah, I know. I think I had visited once, but it was with my family so I wasn't like to into like the whole, I don't know crowd and everything, but yeah.
War
you have.
Well that's good.
So I'm actually, I'm in a master's program for public health. So I actually, what I'm working on the coronavirus response here um as a contact tracer. I don't know if you've heard of that. Like on anything basically we just call, we call the contacts of people who tested positive. So we try to make sure that they have resources, like if they make sure that they have health care, a place to quarantine um uh Just remind them to kind of you know try to isolate until they reach their two weeks because once they're exposed we usually recommend two weeks until.
Are
you is this for your old job or because you
live in?
What?
Right. Yeah. I'm sure
that has changed like everything started so.
Sign
up.
Yeah. It's hard because I think like when you have a personal connection like your family member, it's you know you you understand you know like what the consequences are. But it's it really shouldn't take that I think to how people understand like
it's love
for.
I know
online.
I've
been seeing videos online of a lot of people who get really angry and Yeah.
So
and
where are their in their requiring it in the stores? Okay. He looked
up and
go
to
the er
look.
That's good. Yeah.
In the beginning I didn't have one because it was really hard to buy them anywhere because all the medical, not the n 95 but like the lighter medical ones, they were also everywhere so I would just
wear far
or something and that usually worked. But like
what?
It's pretty makeshift one. Like it's not like the best. But you know,
I don't
think you hold those for everyday like purposes because yeah, it's not like you're getting in people's faces.
No.
Here.
Yeah. Finally enough those exes that they put on the grounds, they actually do help because I'm like, oh wait, okay, just stand here. Otherwise in my head I'm like usually will step forward a few feet so
award
that's
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I think like taking as many precautions as you can is always good, but if you aren't able to, it's like as long as you're trying to keep six ft, you know that?
Right. Yeah. Well I think um at least now I feel like we're going to be wearing this for a long time so I might try to buy some more just to, you know, invest it. Maybe it's like an accessory now, you know, it's like having some cute prints might make me feel a little bit better about it.
makes, so what kind of stuff you do at your job?
How long have you been in the field?
No.
I get
that
modern
building.
definitely. Um
No so my job is remote. Um I just call them um and then sometimes text if they don't respond to the calls. But yeah, so luckily I have two jobs right now and both of them are remote. And then I've been doing these surveys for like a little bit of extra money, so that's also remote so I've been able to stay at home, which is good. And yeah, so I've only been going out if for groceries or. Okay.
Oh that's nice. Yeah my roommate
has that, I just I'm kind of picky about the produce that I picked, so that's the reason I don't like.
not.
Yeah exactly, like I don't want to pay for tomatoes and get like five rotten ones. Whoa. Yeah, I get that. But other than that, I mean, I think the grocery store everyone has to go to at some point anyway. So yeah,
I don't, it looks
port
florida
public to florida based grocery store. Right. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. When I went to florida that I saw them everywhere. Here we have, I mean we still have them, but I feel like we have more Kroger's. I don't know. It's like programs Publix.
Someone.
Yeah. I love Kroger personally because the shopper's card is they give you a lot of good rewards. Um, you get 10 cents off gas and that's nice. So, but public is also nice. I love the publix bakery. That's like the best.
All
Right. So where do you get seafood? Where is a better place? Like a farmer?
The good market.
that's on
I'm also really picky about seafood because my dad is from a state near Bangladesh, so it's like really close to the water. So the same, everything is super fresh there. And we always have like really fresh good seafood so I can have like frozen like shrimp or anything like that. It's just not
good.
I feel
that.
What about the seafood prices? Are they lower or
is it
got
that,
got to Mhm.
that is, yeah. Um what kind of fish is like native to that area?
Is it really
interesting?
Is
that
all
it
is
cheaper
for that? Which is
what
I think it's the cheapest fish that you can buy because like I go to trader joe's um I see tilapia and it's always the cheapest. I don't really buy fish from trader joe's but I just noticed that is um
But yeah, we used to have it when I was younger and we lived in kind of a more of a rural area so that we couldn't really find too much, but we did have to Apia, I didn't know that though. That's interest.
Do you like oysters?
So I haven't had them in a while, but my dad likes them and um I remember when I did try it, I liked it, I pretty much like any seafood. So yeah,
besides crab, I'm not too big on crop only because it's so hard to eat, I like the taste but it's just it's like I can't deal with a hammer and all of this grab.
Right. Yeah, that's true. It's such an interesting like the seafood um seen here, like if you go to a seafood restaurant, it's so different than when you eat seafood in India because we have a lot of seafood like curries and stuff. Um Not so much like straight like you eat crab like from the show but I like both honestly they're both pretty good. Um But I remember my mom is actually vegetarians or whatever, which she would go with us to the seafood Russia and she had to sit in the corner. Should be like I can't I can't
because
no.
Yeah. Yeah actually I'm vegetarian now but I only became vegetarian like a year ago so I still like, yeah I have eaten a lot of fish and
no.
Hard right. Gotcha. Yeah, definitely used to eat a lot. Um But yeah it's just for health reasons I kind of cut back but I might like in a in a while go back to eating like both. So
it's
corn is really good. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. I think barbecue corn is really good as well. Yeah. Oh
That's
very
love
things that you can just go in the oven.
Yeah. Okay. I think it's been 25 minutes
jr
I
think
it
had
help
from
them.
Do we just end the call here and then fill out the survey?
what's your name? I didn't catch your name.
Right, nice to meet you. I'm superman.
Yeah. It was good
talking to you. Is
it really?
Maybe
there
but
then I like to talk so I'm fun.
I know. Good to meet you by.