SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Everyone All right. Not that sort of thing. Yeah. All right. Yeah, they don't do it.
SPEAKER_R: correct?
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Good,
SPEAKER_R: how is he going?
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Um Can you hear me Okay? Should I put on headphones?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you fine. Can you hear me actually? I got my my coast. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's fine. You're good. I just if you were getting an echo I was going to put on headphones
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Yeah. The same deal. If you're getting an echo or any kind of weird sound, let me know.
SPEAKER_R: okay I got a make sure okay uh This is the first time I've actually successfully connected with somebody so I wasn't sure if I needed to click something in the survey. Um So we're supposed to talk about anything?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, basically, it's like um if you're waiting at a bus station with someone just making conversation, Christie. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Waiting at a bus station. Haven't done that for a while. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess what? It's covid, you know, nobody's doing that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: How's your day going?
SPEAKER_L: maybe it's going pretty good. It's kind of low key. It's been cold and rainy here. How about you? All
SPEAKER_R: Doing all right.
SPEAKER_L: Six
SPEAKER_R: I have a bit of a migraine but that's
SPEAKER_L: sympathies.
SPEAKER_R: pretty normal so it's whatever. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's right. No,
SPEAKER_R: That's okay.
SPEAKER_L: I actually I don't
SPEAKER_R: What are you going to say?
SPEAKER_L: I say I don't get those, but I have sympathy because the friends I have who do get those. I mean they just like have to lie down in the dark. It's, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's kind of crazy which you can get used to I guess they've been getting a little better in the last couple months but I've I've had up until like a year ago I had a like continuous migraine for 10 years. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I actually also have chronic pain so I can sympathize. Um I have I have rheumatoid arthritis.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry, That's rough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's you know, I was diagnosed when I was four, so I just got used to it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is it is crazy to like uh because doctors are like Richard's Kane on scale 1 to 10, I'm like well hard question
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: to answer.
SPEAKER_L: is, it's like because when it's a long term thing, you just start to disassociate and it's like you're feeling it, but you forget you're feeling it, it's like and if you if you stop and pay attention to it, it's like then you're aware of it, but you forget you're feeling it, but then it alters your behavior and then you're wondering like why am I doing this? Like why am I just, you know, staying in bed or not doing things or avoiding this activity? And it's like, oh yeah, it's because I heard I forgot I was hurting but my body didn't. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um I have a quick question about the survey thing. I think I you're not supposed to hit next to get to that screen where it says gives you four options about the quality was good or whatever. Um
SPEAKER_L: You're not but you it's okay, you can just leave it there for now. Um On that screen it should say if you click next by accident and here's a link to reopen the window, but
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: you need to click that because you're already here. So basically what you do is at the end of the 25 minutes because this tab and then you just go back and you fill that one out normally and it'll be fine.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good. Cool. Alright. Just wanted to make sure I had had that figured out. Um
SPEAKER_L: because it does have that timer, but that timer seems to be broken, like it's always like way behind the actual time I find it doesn't matter because they're recording this anyway, so they're like they're going to have a record that we were doing it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: underground research tech is putting this all in a spreadsheet somewhere. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I mean very likely what they would do, like I'm not in academia, I actually dropped out, didn't finish high school so I'm not any part of this. But
SPEAKER_R: Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: um my my understanding of it, my guess would be that someone watches the video and codes different things about what do uh
SPEAKER_R: One problem.
SPEAKER_L: how many times we not because how many times we say? Aha. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, something like that.
SPEAKER_L: how many times we interrupt each other, you know, like that just like they'll code and they'll get all this data and I don't go into the spreadsheet. That's my guess. And they're probably very amused that we're talking about them. They watch. Ooh.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. So uh uh topics,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of weird to like think about what you would talk about at a bus stop. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've done this a couple of other times. Um A lot of times we talk about Covid because that's the thing that's going on. We don't talk about politics because we're afraid. Um uh um
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: we uh sometimes get on random topics, just things
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: that are
SPEAKER_R: research
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: that is dragging this one is meta. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Well, this seems to be the theme of this one. First we talk about researcher who's coding it on strength spreadsheet. Then we talk about the conversation itself. It's the meta conversation. Mm,
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: It's going to say yeah. Covid if you uh I don't know if you have face masks
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: or whatever
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I have tons of them. As a matter of fact, I'm doing my laundry right now. It's like right next to me, you can't see it off camera and here's like a whole bunch of face mask that I just washed. So
SPEAKER_R: you have a little extra cash um you can get they're a korean certification that's close to at 95. The basic difference is that the media filters the same. Um The difference is that in Korea when they test them they put them on a represent
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: representative panel people have them like turn their head to the side, look down, look up etcetera and then they test for leakage and they allow up to 8% inward linkage. Whereas in the US they don't do any of those tests and they require you supposedly two if you're wearing it for work for example you've got to get fit tested and they put this like hood on check
SPEAKER_L: Everybody
SPEAKER_R: to see if at
SPEAKER_L: will
SPEAKER_R: least.
SPEAKER_L: have investment
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: there as well,
SPEAKER_R: um Long story short there basically equivalent if you can get them to see. All right. Um The standard called KF 94. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think when I was researching a while back, I saw like a bunch of things that were kind of equivalent to and 95 that was on that list.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's a guy on Youtube. I don't remember his channel name but if you search for KF 94 Collins I think is his Aaron Collins is his name. Um But I don't remember what his channel is called. He has a couple videos of him where he did he did test uh in his bathroom. He has a machine that makes very small salt particles and can measure how much leakage. So he got really good results from most of most of the brands and Korea isn't running short of them. They used to have an export ban, but they lifted it sometimes. Um and they're pretty cheap. I think cloth is okay too. But if like for example, if you have to hang out somewhere with a lot of people, they're good often. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you're not supposed to reason, but I think you can maybe two or three times basically. Uh It's not that the filter capacity is reduced, its that it gets deformed enough that it doesn't feel right on your face anymore.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. That makes
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: sense,
SPEAKER_R: for the band are the elastic stretches out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, So you could also like just like tie a knot in it to make it shorter?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, there's all sorts of stuff like that and I think, I don't know, I was little skeptical, but I think in the end it's if you're using one every day and you're reusing them once it comes out to about 20 bucks a month, which is not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's not bad, yeah, for sure.
SPEAKER_R: I thought it would be a lot more. Um But I've just been telling everyone I know because we don't have we should have had like
SPEAKER_L: stepped up product.
SPEAKER_R: yeah really cute and I like in Korea it's crazy that every pharmacy and post office basically. Uh God
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: a specific supply of these mass directly from the government, the government was buying them directly from the manufacturer and they had price controls and everything so right people can get them. It was like in the very, very beginning to they rationed them so made sure everybody had at least enough to go get groceries and stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: here it's it's been crazy like from the height of things till now, it's still like shady gas stations have and 95 or 95 so you don't know um for like some ask and I I haven't touched those um like I'm not going to spend that kind of money on it, but also like even if I would, I'll leave it for people who like, because I know that a lot of healthcare workers because I'm in New york state um the a lot of healthcare workers, especially like, you know, back in april when things were really intense, you know, they didn't have the masks at work so they were trying to get them elsewhere.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's kind of crazy to some of the um people I know they work in healthcare and even if they wanted to, they couldn't bring in their own respirators. Which
SPEAKER_L: no, I
SPEAKER_R: I think it's like totally fucked up.
SPEAKER_L: it was fucked up. Yeah. Actually, I remember that it was on the news, there was a nurse who quit over that she was told that she couldn't wear her own and I think she had like a compromised child at home and she just was like, no, if
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's a little I don't know it doesn't make sense to me because
SPEAKER_L: you're not providing them like you
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know like I would say I would assume that they would say it was like a liability issue but if there's already bad or no protection then how could.
SPEAKER_L: right, there's already bad or no protection there already catching it, like it's, you know,
SPEAKER_R: but but yeah there we'll see hopefully in like a year and a half this thing will be
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: all behind us. Uh huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: don't have high hopes, to be honest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I don't either but well see it's definitely it's a very um and I say it has in like some ways confirmed a lot of things that I had long suspected about american culture. I uh I don't like the parallel would be I used to do a lot of rock climbing or down anymore but
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: so and.
SPEAKER_L: though. I always liked the idea of rock climbing, but I never did it, but go on.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Well I can say real quickly uh if you do try it, wait till after the pandemic. And then only top roping with uh an auto locking belay device delaying you by somebody you trust. Um Because.
SPEAKER_L: There's actually a place around here, sorry to divert you more, but there's actually a place that has like those fake walls that are like indoors where you can practise and they're actually open right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no I mean I'm just saying I wouldn't I wouldn't go into a climbing gym right now. Um a lot of shared contact
SPEAKER_L: You want
SPEAKER_R: surfaces
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: and heavy breathing. Um
SPEAKER_L: I mean I go to the gym anyway, like not the climbing gym, but just the gym, but anyway sorry, continue. Because you used to work on Right? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'll say about rock climbing off the
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: top of my head, it's like I
SPEAKER_L: awful
SPEAKER_R: used to have
SPEAKER_L: sound.
SPEAKER_R: seven different like climbing uh role models or heroes or whatever that I looked up to and six of them are dead, only one of them died of old age and that happened in the last seven years. So.
SPEAKER_L: They died of like balls from our climbing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah actually one of them his name is Craig lubin rest in peace. He actually wrote the whole book on self rescue and avoid climate accidents and then he decided to go walk under you know like
SPEAKER_L: You got to get
SPEAKER_R: 3000
SPEAKER_L: on the ball.
SPEAKER_R: tons of overhanging snow and it fell on him. Uh huh. Um So
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the culture
SPEAKER_L: bad.
SPEAKER_R: of climbing is a little bit. So anyways just leg back, I had a car, so I was always the one driving everyone everywhere. We would organize trips, you're like well what do we go to this area? Because it's got uh you know, it's got something for everyone. And invariably they would be like at least a couple of people who would just be like flat out like no I don't I don't want to climb anything there, there's not not nothing like that's hard enough for me. And I'm like well there is, it's just you just got to like walk like five minutes around the corner. I like that, I'm like okay well I guess you're not coming
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: and then they get mad and it's just like um the unwillingness to compromise over the smallest, like, you know, rock climbing is already a fairly um I know it has sort of like dirtbag connotations, but in reality you don't really do it unless you have some kind of privilege growing up. Um It's uh because number one you usually need a car uh and number two uh you usually need some kind of gear and so that already makes it more expensive than basically any sport that requires a flat surface in a ball.
SPEAKER_L: You know, but I mean I did not have privilege growing up but like people still unless they're like really living hand to mouth, which I have in the past, but I'm not at the moment, but like when they're really living hand to mouth for not living hand to mouth, they're going to spend some money on entertainment, maybe that's going to the movie theater once a week maybe that's able
SPEAKER_R: No that's
SPEAKER_L: built
SPEAKER_R: true, that's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: that can go to things like that. Um I've I thought about picking it up but I've never actually done it um I just think it's to be honest the price was one of the reasons I didn't, I'll be on.
SPEAKER_R: I would say it's definitely in reach but it's definitely it's not as cheap as something like dancing lessons or, but I would say if you go like drinking a lot, it's about the same cost. Well well at least around here I don't know how much a pine is over there, but I don't drink anymore but it used to be like $4 for a pint now it's like seven. So. And
SPEAKER_L: mean if you're going to a bar you're you're really paying premium. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then I guess although you're right, refrigerated beer hasn't really changed much in price. Used to be like a dollar beer and I was like a dollar, $25.50. So that's not that's not unless you're I guess it's a different story if you're the like if you're really big and you have to drink like a lot to feel a buzz. But I was never I could never really drink more than two or three beers without getting really really drunk.
SPEAKER_L: Right it's just a question of like how often you do it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that's also true. But yeah most of the climbing gyms around here are about 20 bucks for single day entry or 70 to $100 per month for membership. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I think that's about right like um the climbing gym here it had I was looking at the prices and it's like it's doable but it's just like a little bit more than other things so it just kind of always get put on the backburner every other
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: stuff.
SPEAKER_R: like 2020% more than other stuff that is about as interesting. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: right. Like, you know, and I already have some experience with the other stuff. So it's like I'm already continuing something where is that? I would have to start from the beginning and then I'm like, I've never done it before. I don't, I don't have any friends here who do it. So I need to like get the lessons and then the lessons cost more.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you definitely want well you don't want to do what I did. Uh huh. Which was uh hangar out from your friends chimney when you're eight years old.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, it's, it's kind of like my mom told me this story. Um she said this is probably like before when I was born, when I was a really little kid or something. But my dad saw this show on tv about climbing techniques and they lived in Brooklyn. So it's like, you know, there was nothing to climb over there. They didn't have cars. But he goes outside and he goes like, it's just a brick exterior to the house, there was a building. And he starts like, he actually starts scaling the brick wall and he went really far up it and I was like holy crap, how did you do that? And he just, he followed the technique he saw on that show. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Brick Wallace can be fun. Uh hardest part of climbing anything without a rope is getting back down. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_R: People.
SPEAKER_L: like when he, you know, gone up like maybe 10 ft or something, he realized that and started heading down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a I don't know it's a it's a weird it's a
SPEAKER_L: huh,
SPEAKER_R: weird thing to have like some some kind of activity you have you have like 100% positive feelings about and then much later have very
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: mixed
SPEAKER_L: can.
SPEAKER_R: feelings about. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's ever happened to you with any kind of hobby or whatever. Mm
SPEAKER_L: It has though, it usually wasn't the hobby itself, it was more of the people I was sharing it with.
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense. Um I just realized I was shadowing my face there. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah people can make a big difference. Um I don't know it's weird. I don't know. I don't know if this is a cultural thing or or what but I have a I don't know how to explain this. I met this guy who is from the caribbean and where I guess basically doing this but not getting paid for it. And uh and I don't normally talk about you know like really in depth stuff about my family and my life with strangers. But for whatever reason we started talking about that stuff. He was talking about how you know it's like yeah his mom was dying but he had to keep working and it was really bad cans would come at her while she was laying in bed. Stuff like that site started telling him about my family of his sister is disabled. Uh Caregiving
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: has been kind of always a challenge. And it's weird Like I I feel I felt like you know, I only met the guy wants to only talk to him for like 20 minutes. But I felt like really connected in that conversation. And there and yet with a lot of my or I don't really talk to better friends anymore. But um with a lot of the people I've known for a long time that was never, that was never really the case. And I don't know, it's like a cultural difference. Uh for America is that it kept cropping up with like people who were not from the US or europe. I mean you're sometimes depends on the country. Um
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: correspondent.
SPEAKER_L: you're right and I think, I think this is true for countries that have been colonized in the culture of the colonizers because the whole colonist culture, you have to be able to cut ties with your home. Like that's, that's the first thing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There was a guy, I don't remember his name, but he was saying you don't truly become american till you forget where you're from. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's, that's very accurate and it's mirroring a lot of conversations I've had lately with, you know, friends and stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there's something that's kind of interesting about that to me um because I know in the U. S. Were primarily concerned with european colonization wow. But I also know like in china where my family history is from they have a I don't know if I would call it, it's hard to call it like colonization because to be truthful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They they they almost, well one emperor almost started exploring the world by sea and then I guess he got overthrown or stabbed in the back somehow and the next guy was like there are too many pirates on the coast, I can't deal with this, I don't have the big enough military so I'm just going to outlaw living within 20 kilometers of the coast.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's a solution.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: That's one way to do it,
SPEAKER_R: more pirates.
SPEAKER_L: that'll do it. No, I got no one else ever thought of that, that's just like too extreme. But he went there is,
SPEAKER_R: and it was like there's a lot of jokes, everybody was like oh he's just very afraid of water because he was from inner china and like people are saying that he doesn't like boats or something. So anyways, um I don't know if I don't call it colonization so much. It's like because it's been china has been around for so long that after like 5000 years of like your neighbor taking over and then you're taking over your neighbor and then that cycle like 20 or 30 times. Uh it's hard to say who has colonized who at this point. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I think that's true in most places in the world where the colonization isn't like a new and open wound
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, but they have
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: an
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: interesting go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I was just gonna say that, I think even in Asia there are some pretty clear examples of colonization, but anyway, go on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, for sure like Hong kong or whatever. I but I what I was trying to think of was like a parallel the, I can't think of a good strong parallel with um with a
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: hegemonic chinese culture quote unquote colonizing another. Except in the sense that um they have an idea of kind of hard supremacy and harness uh used to be a minority is no longer a minority. Uh huh. It's kind of interesting as soon as like people get the idea of han supremacy, suddenly everybody identifies as han
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: uh now you know
SPEAKER_L: need,
SPEAKER_R: china is like 86% han whereas
SPEAKER_L: it's the
SPEAKER_R: couple
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: 100
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: years
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: ago.
SPEAKER_L: of true for whiteness, like people became white who weren't white when whiteness first started.
SPEAKER_R: Right. But but the weird thing about han supremacy is that unlike whiteness, it does have a somewhat distinct origin and it has, I don't know if it really has the state like whiteness is like a very like arbitrary, I mean all of these classifications are arbitrary to a degree but the amount of legal justification for whiteness. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I mean it's it's crazy if you if you look at some of the history of like actual U. S. Court decisions on whether someone was white or not um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: like Finnish people were ruled not white. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. So
SPEAKER_L: Sure.
SPEAKER_R: they don't they don't I don't think they have that quite as much in in china. Like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I think I don't think there wherever when there were laws about if you were like for example, I don't know the exact details, but like if you were some particular ethnicity, I think it was uh huh I want to say Manchurian, but I'm probably wrong then you were entitled two to be eligible for enlistment in a particular type of military regiment that had much benefits etcetera. So but what not was around it was like there was a kingdom called Manchuria and uh it was recently conquered and that's why everybody they, you know, they didn't want them to rebel so they were like we'll give you the best terms if you are man sure you will be able to enlist at this rate and so you know, but there nowadays there's not really like, oh you can't do this if you're not hot, they don't really have like legal court cases about hardness, that makes any sense. It's more just like the party has decided that this is the best uh
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: this is the best group and um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and and like that's also in china, but I mean I'm not going to call myself an expert or anything, but I've I've certainly read things about in other asian countries like people who are ethnically han who are like still natives of like other countries in Asia tending to be in a more financially privileged class.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, that's usually the case. Like for Vietnam for example, there's a fair amount of chinese people, ethnically chinese people living there. Um But I don't know, it's so strange to, and then there's like there's another minority. Uh Well I'm sure there's more than one, but there's a notable one that I happen to know about because it's part of my family history. Uh They're they're like, no, we're the original han it's like so it's like, I don't know, we I don't know if in America we ever had, I guess that was World War Two. Uh Like we're the original white people. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Well no it's like so my my dad's side of the family is italian american and um they claim that somewhere in our italian heritage like 100 or more years back there was an english nobleman who married an italian woman and you know joined our family and everyone has a story like this like there's that story um and
SPEAKER_R: Wrong.
SPEAKER_L: they my grandmother swears up and down it's true, she swears up and down we're royalty were english royalty which english royalty, you can't get an answer. Like what
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: year was this, what was his name? No, mm.
SPEAKER_R: I think the interesting part is that it's not it's not a with this particular case, it's not a matter of like a particular person or whatever. It's a it's like you know that whole ethnic group is confused about their identity actually. All right,
SPEAKER_L: right. For the real, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I think that is unique.
SPEAKER_R: it would be like if your dad was like no, I mean the english, what they don't know is that the Italians are the original english?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I mean you can talk like what stuff like about how in china they were all just like invading each other. Like that was also true in europe. There was so invading each other, everyone moving around so it's probably true to a point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of funny like um and now like uh I mean the minority, the Hakka minority is like I know I wouldn't say they're mistreated but they're definitely they have a reputation so to speak. And uh and and it's uh it's just kind of funny because it the whole like they have sort of a reputation of being a little bit arrogant and so that's it's like it's very like in line with their reputation to be like no, y'all are confused about your identity. Uh you get it from us,
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: not the other way around.
SPEAKER_L: not stereotype but Oh
SPEAKER_R: uh So
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: edit uh
SPEAKER_L: Mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the whole american culture is just so weird and it's hard for me to, it's hard for me to not be like sort of arrogant when people are talking about like like the thing that bugs and those people are like well that was 40 years ago, whatever. Like dude the house that my dad was born in is 700 years old.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean it's definitely like scale thing. Like I realize the scale thing even on this continent like um in new york city like you know there's stuff from like the 16 hundreds. So like that feels old for America you go to your real old you know India you'll see real real real old. You know you see real real real, real real old. You know you see real real real old in china to like you know it's not really really old but it just feels old and that I want to Vancouver Canada uh in Vancouver there are these trees, there are these just like really big trees, like they're not, I don't know if they're, I don't think they're redwoods, but they're kind of like huge, like the old redwoods, not quite as right,
SPEAKER_R: doesn't have to be a redwood to live for a long time.
SPEAKER_L: right, right, it's an old growth tree and these trees have part of the bark stripped off them and the bark was stripped off by the indigenous people before they were pushed off the land and you know, they were, I think it was the Salish people who stripped the bark off those trees there and you're looking at the tree and the tree is still alive and the tree and the tree has marks on it from the people who lived here before any of this city was here. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: There is a I totally random, there was a grad student who was sampling trees in the desert uh Joshua trees and he got his, it's like a little drill that has a hollow bit that takes a core out and he got it stuck in the tree and they were like like a pretty solid like 12 mile walk or something away from getting another one. And he p I was like well we'll just cut the tree down so they they cut the tree down and it turned out it was like 4.5 1000 years old. Uh
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: He stopped studying trees after that. He switched acquaintance. Uh
SPEAKER_L: The report was wrong. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: man, that's that's terrible. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So yeah I thought I was kind of sad but also uh a little bit funny or funny. Sad. So mom,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, for sure. For sure.
SPEAKER_R: well I think it's been about 25 minutes. I don't know. Have you been checked?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I think it's been more than that, so we're good time to get pig.
SPEAKER_R: Have a good
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: rest.
SPEAKER_L: meet you too. But, but I feel better.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Hold on. See if I as okay.
SPEAKER_L: it'll work. It'll work. You just click
SPEAKER_R: Probably
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: issue.
SPEAKER_R: how long it's both right? Ish.
SPEAKER_L: Um, yeah, it's 5 40 my time now and you showed up at 506
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Thanks. 34 minutes. Cool. See you later I guess. But.