Uh huh. Everyone All right. Not that sort of thing. Yeah. All right. Yeah, they don't do it.
Hello? Good,
good.
I can hear you fine. Can you hear me actually? I got my my coast. Um
Cool. Yeah. The same deal. If you're getting an echo or any kind of weird sound, let me know.
Yeah, basically, it's like um if you're waiting at a bus station with someone just making conversation, Christie. Mm hmm.
Yeah, I guess what? It's covid, you know, nobody's doing that. Yeah,
maybe it's going pretty good. It's kind of low key. It's been cold and rainy here. How about you? All
Six
sympathies.
that's right. No,
I actually I don't
I say I don't get those, but I have sympathy because the friends I have who do get those. I mean they just like have to lie down in the dark. It's, you know.
I mean, I actually also have chronic pain so I can sympathize. Um I have I have rheumatoid arthritis.
Yeah, it's you know, I was diagnosed when I was four, so I just got used to it.
It
is, it's like because when it's a long term thing, you just start to disassociate and it's like you're feeling it, but you forget you're feeling it, it's like and if you if you stop and pay attention to it, it's like then you're aware of it, but you forget you're feeling it, but then it alters your behavior and then you're wondering like why am I doing this? Like why am I just, you know, staying in bed or not doing things or avoiding this activity? And it's like, oh yeah, it's because I heard I forgot I was hurting but my body didn't. Mhm.
You're not but you it's okay, you can just leave it there for now. Um On that screen it should say if you click next by accident and here's a link to reopen the window, but
you need to click that because you're already here. So basically what you do is at the end of the 25 minutes because this tab and then you just go back and you fill that one out normally and it'll be fine.
because it does have that timer, but that timer seems to be broken, like it's always like way behind the actual time I find it doesn't matter because they're recording this anyway, so they're like they're going to have a record that we were doing it. Yeah,
I mean very likely what they would do, like I'm not in academia, I actually dropped out, didn't finish high school so I'm not any part of this. But
um my my understanding of it, my guess would be that someone watches the video and codes different things about what do uh
how many times we not because how many times we say? Aha. Um
how many times we interrupt each other, you know, like that just like they'll code and they'll get all this data and I don't go into the spreadsheet. That's my guess. And they're probably very amused that we're talking about them. They watch. Ooh.
Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah, I've done this a couple of other times. Um A lot of times we talk about Covid because that's the thing that's going on. We don't talk about politics because we're afraid. Um uh um
we uh sometimes get on random topics, just things
that are
funny.
Well, this seems to be the theme of this one. First we talk about researcher who's coding it on strength spreadsheet. Then we talk about the conversation itself. It's the meta conversation. Mm,
mm hmm.
Thank
you.
I have tons of them. As a matter of fact, I'm doing my laundry right now. It's like right next to me, you can't see it off camera and here's like a whole bunch of face mask that I just washed. So
hmm.
Everybody
will
have investment
there as well,
yeah, I think when I was researching a while back, I saw like a bunch of things that were kind of equivalent to and 95 that was on that list.
Yeah.
that makes sense. That makes
sense,
Yeah, So you could also like just like tie a knot in it to make it shorter?
No, it's not bad, yeah, for sure.
stepped up product.
Mhm.
here it's it's been crazy like from the height of things till now, it's still like shady gas stations have and 95 or 95 so you don't know um for like some ask and I I haven't touched those um like I'm not going to spend that kind of money on it, but also like even if I would, I'll leave it for people who like, because I know that a lot of healthcare workers because I'm in New york state um the a lot of healthcare workers, especially like, you know, back in april when things were really intense, you know, they didn't have the masks at work so they were trying to get them elsewhere.
no, I
it was fucked up. Yeah. Actually, I remember that it was on the news, there was a nurse who quit over that she was told that she couldn't wear her own and I think she had like a compromised child at home and she just was like, no, if
you're not providing them like you
like,
right, there's already bad or no protection there already catching it, like it's, you know,
I
don't have high hopes, to be honest.
That's
though. I always liked the idea of rock climbing, but I never did it, but go on.
There's actually a place around here, sorry to divert you more, but there's actually a place that has like those fake walls that are like indoors where you can practise and they're actually open right now. Yeah,
You want
to
I mean I go to the gym anyway, like not the climbing gym, but just the gym, but anyway sorry, continue. Because you used to work on Right? Yeah,
that
awful
sound.
They died of like balls from our climbing
You got to get
on the ball.
That's
that's
bad.
Because
You know, but I mean I did not have privilege growing up but like people still unless they're like really living hand to mouth, which I have in the past, but I'm not at the moment, but like when they're really living hand to mouth for not living hand to mouth, they're going to spend some money on entertainment, maybe that's going to the movie theater once a week maybe that's able
built
so
that can go to things like that. Um I've I thought about picking it up but I've never actually done it um I just think it's to be honest the price was one of the reasons I didn't, I'll be on.
mean if you're going to a bar you're you're really paying premium. Yeah.
Right it's just a question of like how often you do it?
I think that's about right like um the climbing gym here it had I was looking at the prices and it's like it's doable but it's just like a little bit more than other things so it just kind of always get put on the backburner every other
stuff.
right. Like, you know, and I already have some experience with the other stuff. So it's like I'm already continuing something where is that? I would have to start from the beginning and then I'm like, I've never done it before. I don't, I don't have any friends here who do it. So I need to like get the lessons and then the lessons cost more.
Yeah. You know, it's, it's kind of like my mom told me this story. Um she said this is probably like before when I was born, when I was a really little kid or something. But my dad saw this show on tv about climbing techniques and they lived in Brooklyn. So it's like, you know, there was nothing to climb over there. They didn't have cars. But he goes outside and he goes like, it's just a brick exterior to the house, there was a building. And he starts like, he actually starts scaling the brick wall and he went really far up it and I was like holy crap, how did you do that? And he just, he followed the technique he saw on that show. Yeah.
Yeah, I think
like when he, you know, gone up like maybe 10 ft or something, he realized that and started heading down.
huh,
We
can.
Mhm.
It has though, it usually wasn't the hobby itself, it was more of the people I was sharing it with.
Mhm.
mm hmm.
I think
you're right and I think, I think this is true for countries that have been colonized in the culture of the colonizers because the whole colonist culture, you have to be able to cut ties with your home. Like that's, that's the first thing
that's, that's very accurate and it's mirroring a lot of conversations I've had lately with, you know, friends and stuff.
Yeah.
yeah.
that's that's a solution.
That's one way to do it,
that'll do it. No, I got no one else ever thought of that, that's just like too extreme. But he went there is,
Right. I mean,
I think that's true in most places in the world where the colonization isn't like a new and open wound
and
I think
I was just gonna say that, I think even in Asia there are some pretty clear examples of colonization, but anyway, go on. Yeah.
Mm hmm.
I
need,
it's the
same
is
kind
of true for whiteness, like people became white who weren't white when whiteness first started.
Oh yeah, I mean it's it's crazy if you if you look at some of the history of like actual U. S. Court decisions on whether someone was white or not um
like Finnish people were ruled not white. Yeah.
Sure.
What?
What?
Yeah and and like that's also in china, but I mean I'm not going to call myself an expert or anything, but I've I've certainly read things about in other asian countries like people who are ethnically han who are like still natives of like other countries in Asia tending to be in a more financially privileged class.
Well no it's like so my my dad's side of the family is italian american and um they claim that somewhere in our italian heritage like 100 or more years back there was an english nobleman who married an italian woman and you know joined our family and everyone has a story like this like there's that story um and
they my grandmother swears up and down it's true, she swears up and down we're royalty were english royalty which english royalty, you can't get an answer. Like what
year was this, what was his name? No, mm.
right. For the real, yeah,
I think that is unique.
Yeah. Yeah I mean you can talk like what stuff like about how in china they were all just like invading each other. Like that was also true in europe. There was so invading each other, everyone moving around so it's probably true to a point.
Like
not stereotype but Oh
yeah.
Mm
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean it's definitely like scale thing. Like I realize the scale thing even on this continent like um in new york city like you know there's stuff from like the 16 hundreds. So like that feels old for America you go to your real old you know India you'll see real real real old. You know you see real real real, real real old. You know you see real real real old in china to like you know it's not really really old but it just feels old and that I want to Vancouver Canada uh in Vancouver there are these trees, there are these just like really big trees, like they're not, I don't know if they're, I don't think they're redwoods, but they're kind of like huge, like the old redwoods, not quite as right,
right, right, it's an old growth tree and these trees have part of the bark stripped off them and the bark was stripped off by the indigenous people before they were pushed off the land and you know, they were, I think it was the Salish people who stripped the bark off those trees there and you're looking at the tree and the tree is still alive and the tree and the tree has marks on it from the people who lived here before any of this city was here. Mhm,
mm hmm.
The report was wrong. Oh,
man, that's that's terrible. Mhm.
Yeah, for sure. For sure.
Yeah. Yeah. I think it's been more than that, so we're good time to get pig.
to
meet you too. But, but I feel better.
it'll work. It'll work. You just click
no
issue.
Um, yeah, it's 5 40 my time now and you showed up at 506