correct?
how is he going?
Mm. Um Can you hear me Okay? Should I put on headphones?
that's fine. You're good. I just if you were getting an echo I was going to put on headphones
okay I got a make sure okay uh This is the first time I've actually successfully connected with somebody so I wasn't sure if I needed to click something in the survey. Um So we're supposed to talk about anything?
Waiting at a bus station. Haven't done that for a while. Um
How's your day going?
Doing all right.
I have a bit of a migraine but that's
pretty normal so it's whatever. Yeah. Uh
That's okay.
What are you going to say?
Yeah. Yeah it's kind of crazy which you can get used to I guess they've been getting a little better in the last couple months but I've I've had up until like a year ago I had a like continuous migraine for 10 years. Uh
I'm sorry, That's rough.
Yeah. Yeah. It is it is crazy to like uh because doctors are like Richard's Kane on scale 1 to 10, I'm like well hard question
to answer.
Um I have a quick question about the survey thing. I think I you're not supposed to hit next to get to that screen where it says gives you four options about the quality was good or whatever. Um
I think.
Sounds good. Cool. Alright. Just wanted to make sure I had had that figured out. Um
underground research tech is putting this all in a spreadsheet somewhere. Uh huh.
Whatever.
One problem.
Yeah, something like that.
Uh Yeah. So uh uh topics,
it's kind of weird to like think about what you would talk about at a bus stop. Uh
Uh
The
research
that is dragging this one is meta. Uh
Um
It's going to say yeah. Covid if you uh I don't know if you have face masks
or whatever
but
you have a little extra cash um you can get they're a korean certification that's close to at 95. The basic difference is that the media filters the same. Um The difference is that in Korea when they test them they put them on a represent
representative panel people have them like turn their head to the side, look down, look up etcetera and then they test for leakage and they allow up to 8% inward linkage. Whereas in the US they don't do any of those tests and they require you supposedly two if you're wearing it for work for example you've got to get fit tested and they put this like hood on check
to see if at
least.
So
um Long story short there basically equivalent if you can get them to see. All right. Um The standard called KF 94. Um
Yeah there's a guy on Youtube. I don't remember his channel name but if you search for KF 94 Collins I think is his Aaron Collins is his name. Um But I don't remember what his channel is called. He has a couple videos of him where he did he did test uh in his bathroom. He has a machine that makes very small salt particles and can measure how much leakage. So he got really good results from most of most of the brands and Korea isn't running short of them. They used to have an export ban, but they lifted it sometimes. Um and they're pretty cheap. I think cloth is okay too. But if like for example, if you have to hang out somewhere with a lot of people, they're good often. Um
you're not supposed to reason, but I think you can maybe two or three times basically. Uh It's not that the filter capacity is reduced, its that it gets deformed enough that it doesn't feel right on your face anymore.
And
for the band are the elastic stretches out?
Yeah. Yeah, there's all sorts of stuff like that and I think, I don't know, I was little skeptical, but I think in the end it's if you're using one every day and you're reusing them once it comes out to about 20 bucks a month, which is not too bad.
I thought it would be a lot more. Um But I've just been telling everyone I know because we don't have we should have had like
yeah really cute and I like in Korea it's crazy that every pharmacy and post office basically. Uh God
a specific supply of these mass directly from the government, the government was buying them directly from the manufacturer and they had price controls and everything so right people can get them. It was like in the very, very beginning to they rationed them so made sure everybody had at least enough to go get groceries and stuff. Um
Yeah. It's kind of crazy to some of the um people I know they work in healthcare and even if they wanted to, they couldn't bring in their own respirators. Which
I think it's like totally fucked up.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a little I don't know it doesn't make sense to me because
like
I don't know like I would say I would assume that they would say it was like a liability issue but if there's already bad or no protection then how could.
but but yeah there we'll see hopefully in like a year and a half this thing will be
all behind us. Uh huh. Okay.
Yeah I don't either but well see it's definitely it's a very um and I say it has in like some ways confirmed a lot of things that I had long suspected about american culture. I uh I don't like the parallel would be I used to do a lot of rock climbing or down anymore but
so and.
Uh Well I can say real quickly uh if you do try it, wait till after the pandemic. And then only top roping with uh an auto locking belay device delaying you by somebody you trust. Um Because.
Yeah no I mean I'm just saying I wouldn't I wouldn't go into a climbing gym right now. Um a lot of shared contact
surfaces
and heavy breathing. Um
I'll say about rock climbing off the
top of my head, it's like I
used to have
seven different like climbing uh role models or heroes or whatever that I looked up to and six of them are dead, only one of them died of old age and that happened in the last seven years. So.
Yeah actually one of them his name is Craig lubin rest in peace. He actually wrote the whole book on self rescue and avoid climate accidents and then he decided to go walk under you know like
3000
tons of overhanging snow and it fell on him. Uh huh. Um So
I think
the culture
of climbing is a little bit. So anyways just leg back, I had a car, so I was always the one driving everyone everywhere. We would organize trips, you're like well what do we go to this area? Because it's got uh you know, it's got something for everyone. And invariably they would be like at least a couple of people who would just be like flat out like no I don't I don't want to climb anything there, there's not not nothing like that's hard enough for me. And I'm like well there is, it's just you just got to like walk like five minutes around the corner. I like that, I'm like okay well I guess you're not coming
and then they get mad and it's just like um the unwillingness to compromise over the smallest, like, you know, rock climbing is already a fairly um I know it has sort of like dirtbag connotations, but in reality you don't really do it unless you have some kind of privilege growing up. Um It's uh because number one you usually need a car uh and number two uh you usually need some kind of gear and so that already makes it more expensive than basically any sport that requires a flat surface in a ball.
No that's
true, that's
true.
I would say it's definitely in reach but it's definitely it's not as cheap as something like dancing lessons or, but I would say if you go like drinking a lot, it's about the same cost. Well well at least around here I don't know how much a pine is over there, but I don't drink anymore but it used to be like $4 for a pint now it's like seven. So. And
and then I guess although you're right, refrigerated beer hasn't really changed much in price. Used to be like a dollar beer and I was like a dollar, $25.50. So that's not that's not unless you're I guess it's a different story if you're the like if you're really big and you have to drink like a lot to feel a buzz. But I was never I could never really drink more than two or three beers without getting really really drunk.
Yeah. Yeah that's also true. But yeah most of the climbing gyms around here are about 20 bucks for single day entry or 70 to $100 per month for membership. Uh
it's
like 2020% more than other stuff that is about as interesting. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you definitely want well you don't want to do what I did. Uh huh. Which was uh hangar out from your friends chimney when you're eight years old.
Brick Wallace can be fun. Uh hardest part of climbing anything without a rope is getting back down. Uh huh.
People.
Yeah it's a I don't know it's a it's a weird it's a
weird thing to have like some some kind of activity you have you have like 100% positive feelings about and then much later have very
mixed
feelings about. Um Yeah
that's ever happened to you with any kind of hobby or whatever. Mm
That makes sense. Um I just realized I was shadowing my face there. Uh
Yeah people can make a big difference. Um I don't know it's weird. I don't know. I don't know if this is a cultural thing or or what but I have a I don't know how to explain this. I met this guy who is from the caribbean and where I guess basically doing this but not getting paid for it. And uh and I don't normally talk about you know like really in depth stuff about my family and my life with strangers. But for whatever reason we started talking about that stuff. He was talking about how you know it's like yeah his mom was dying but he had to keep working and it was really bad cans would come at her while she was laying in bed. Stuff like that site started telling him about my family of his sister is disabled. Uh Caregiving
has been kind of always a challenge. And it's weird Like I I feel I felt like you know, I only met the guy wants to only talk to him for like 20 minutes. But I felt like really connected in that conversation. And there and yet with a lot of my or I don't really talk to better friends anymore. But um with a lot of the people I've known for a long time that was never, that was never really the case. And I don't know, it's like a cultural difference. Uh for America is that it kept cropping up with like people who were not from the US or europe. I mean you're sometimes depends on the country. Um
correspondent.
Yeah. There was a guy, I don't remember his name, but he was saying you don't truly become american till you forget where you're from. Um
Yeah, it's uh
there's something that's kind of interesting about that to me um because I know in the U. S. Were primarily concerned with european colonization wow. But I also know like in china where my family history is from they have a I don't know if I would call it, it's hard to call it like colonization because to be truthful. Mhm.
They they they almost, well one emperor almost started exploring the world by sea and then I guess he got overthrown or stabbed in the back somehow and the next guy was like there are too many pirates on the coast, I can't deal with this, I don't have the big enough military so I'm just going to outlaw living within 20 kilometers of the coast.
No
more pirates.
and it was like there's a lot of jokes, everybody was like oh he's just very afraid of water because he was from inner china and like people are saying that he doesn't like boats or something. So anyways, um I don't know if I don't call it colonization so much. It's like because it's been china has been around for so long that after like 5000 years of like your neighbor taking over and then you're taking over your neighbor and then that cycle like 20 or 30 times. Uh it's hard to say who has colonized who at this point. Uh
But
yeah. Yeah, but they have
an
interesting go ahead.
Oh yeah, for sure like Hong kong or whatever. I but I what I was trying to think of was like a parallel the, I can't think of a good strong parallel with um with a
hegemonic chinese culture quote unquote colonizing another. Except in the sense that um they have an idea of kind of hard supremacy and harness uh used to be a minority is no longer a minority. Uh huh. It's kind of interesting as soon as like people get the idea of han supremacy, suddenly everybody identifies as han
uh now you know
china is like 86% han whereas
couple
100
years
ago.
Right. But but the weird thing about han supremacy is that unlike whiteness, it does have a somewhat distinct origin and it has, I don't know if it really has the state like whiteness is like a very like arbitrary, I mean all of these classifications are arbitrary to a degree but the amount of legal justification for whiteness. Uh
Right.
Right. So
they don't they don't I don't think they have that quite as much in in china. Like
I think I don't think there wherever when there were laws about if you were like for example, I don't know the exact details, but like if you were some particular ethnicity, I think it was uh huh I want to say Manchurian, but I'm probably wrong then you were entitled two to be eligible for enlistment in a particular type of military regiment that had much benefits etcetera. So but what not was around it was like there was a kingdom called Manchuria and uh it was recently conquered and that's why everybody they, you know, they didn't want them to rebel so they were like we'll give you the best terms if you are man sure you will be able to enlist at this rate and so you know, but there nowadays there's not really like, oh you can't do this if you're not hot, they don't really have like legal court cases about hardness, that makes any sense. It's more just like the party has decided that this is the best uh
this is the best group and um
Yeah, yeah, that's usually the case. Like for Vietnam for example, there's a fair amount of chinese people, ethnically chinese people living there. Um But I don't know, it's so strange to, and then there's like there's another minority. Uh Well I'm sure there's more than one, but there's a notable one that I happen to know about because it's part of my family history. Uh They're they're like, no, we're the original han it's like so it's like, I don't know, we I don't know if in America we ever had, I guess that was World War Two. Uh Like we're the original white people. Uh
Wrong.
Well.
I think the interesting part is that it's not it's not a with this particular case, it's not a matter of like a particular person or whatever. It's a it's like you know that whole ethnic group is confused about their identity actually. All right,
so
it would be like if your dad was like no, I mean the english, what they don't know is that the Italians are the original english?
Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of funny like um and now like uh I mean the minority, the Hakka minority is like I know I wouldn't say they're mistreated but they're definitely they have a reputation so to speak. And uh and and it's uh it's just kind of funny because it the whole like they have sort of a reputation of being a little bit arrogant and so that's it's like it's very like in line with their reputation to be like no, y'all are confused about your identity. Uh you get it from us,
not the other way around.
uh So
edit uh
Yeah the whole american culture is just so weird and it's hard for me to, it's hard for me to not be like sort of arrogant when people are talking about like like the thing that bugs and those people are like well that was 40 years ago, whatever. Like dude the house that my dad was born in is 700 years old.
doesn't have to be a redwood to live for a long time.
There is a I totally random, there was a grad student who was sampling trees in the desert uh Joshua trees and he got his, it's like a little drill that has a hollow bit that takes a core out and he got it stuck in the tree and they were like like a pretty solid like 12 mile walk or something away from getting another one. And he p I was like well we'll just cut the tree down so they they cut the tree down and it turned out it was like 4.5 1000 years old. Uh
He stopped studying trees after that. He switched acquaintance. Uh
Uh
Uh So yeah I thought I was kind of sad but also uh a little bit funny or funny. Sad. So mom,
well I think it's been about 25 minutes. I don't know. Have you been checked?
Have a good
rest.
Thanks. Hold on. See if I as okay.
Probably
you know
how long it's both right? Ish.
Okay. Thanks. 34 minutes. Cool. See you later I guess. But.