SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Can you hear me? How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. What is your name?
SPEAKER_L: Savannah?
SPEAKER_R: Savannah? My name is, josh. Let's move you, have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: I have a while back.
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: It is a
SPEAKER_R: as well?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think it was at the, I know it was like at the beginning of horns. That's like how I measure time now is during middle end of quarantine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I guess I guess it was about the same for me. It was a couple of weeks into it when I did it the last time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was probably the same like study that came out.
SPEAKER_R: Um, So what strategy did you use last time?
SPEAKER_L: Honestly. It was pretty easy last time because things like I said it was the beginning of everything. So we had a lot to like, so we had a lot to just talk about. So we just talked and then we're like, oh look, the time went by. So it was pretty fast and easy. Yeah. But now there's like too much to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: What do you mean?
SPEAKER_L: Well just like current events. Like if we were to go into that, that's like a whole, that's like a six hour conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Like uh, I mean you take my like stuff on the news or um yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to like get into,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I don't want
SPEAKER_L: no, no, no. We don't need to. That's what I was saying is the last time it was easy because it's just like wow this is also crazy but now it's taken a dark turn and there's a lot of other stuff so we don't need to talk about that.
SPEAKER_R: It is crazy though. It's still crazy.
SPEAKER_L: It's still crazy. Yeah. Do you know anybody who's gotten it
SPEAKER_R: I know I do not. Well, I mean, no, no, I don't, not like a friend or anything. I mean there's, there's people who have sort of heard about that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: friend of a friend or something? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: My sister has it. Yeah, she's on like week seven or 8 of symptoms and she's been to the er like three different times. Yeah so it does but I'm just glad she's not worse. You know like she goes to the er but she gets to go back home the same day so it's not like major major it's like intense but it's not so bad that she's got to be in the ICU or anything like that,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she's had, she's had it since like May. She's had something to this May.
SPEAKER_L: I don't even remember when Yeah I don't know the weeks cause she just updates us and it's like, how are you still sick? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So, but did she have like a period when it was like worse and she was like really tired, hurt and stuff like that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So it's kind of sorry my dog just came in. It's kind of been like she has periods where she's like okay, she's never like fully better, but she has periods where she's doing better than before and then she has periods where she just totally crashes and those are the times when she has to go to the er for her breathing or recently she had to go because she couldn't keep down like anything, she couldn't like even keep down water for like three days, so she was like, I'm gonna, this is not okay, like I need to. Yeah, so I know like the initial like hit of it was really hard, like fatigue wise and everything, but since then it's kind of just been like a roller coaster for her.
SPEAKER_R: That sucks.
SPEAKER_L: And does, I mean, I don't know anyone here where I live that hasn't because she doesn't live in new york, she lives up in Washington
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: can you see?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Um But yeah, I don't know anybody here who has it, but at my fiancee's work there's three people now who have it, so it just feels like inevitable that they were going to get it. So it's kind of nerve racking. Especially like seeing how it's affecting my sister. I'm like uh huh trying to prepare but also hope for the best at the same time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know. I don't I don't want to think that everyone is going to get it, but I think some people almost want to get it. So that's the,
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: you heard of people uh have you heard of people hosting covid parties?
SPEAKER_R: I saw that there is one of the guys who want someone died today or
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: something
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that was the article I saw and I was like, I thought it was like when I had first heard about the whole covid party thing, I thought was a joke. And then to see that article like people are actually doing.
SPEAKER_R: I mean think about all this stupid stuff that people do in college because you think you can't die or whatever and so it sort of makes sense but just so
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: weird that you would
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: sense. But it doesn't make
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: sense.
SPEAKER_R: right which is pretty much a lot of stuff that's happening right now. It's
SPEAKER_L: Kind
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: unsurprising
SPEAKER_L: 2020.
SPEAKER_R: but it's also surprising. Um Yeah, I was just running outside and I sort of like it must have been 10 or 15 kids all walking together on the street, no masks just
SPEAKER_L: yeah, of course not.
SPEAKER_R: like you know like you know just being stupid or whatever. Uh So I don't know but
SPEAKER_L: I remember when I first started I went to have a daughter. So we went just walked over to the park near us just walking around. We couldn't go on the playground because it had like the caution tape and everything and it was, you know, they had signs of saying it was closed and there are some like high school kids that were sitting on the playground like right next to the side that's like, like partner playground is closed. And I was just what I literally, I was so mad. I literally said something. I was like, can y'all y'all read or he was like, no, I can't read. I was like, okay, I just left it at that. But man, I wish someone would say something to me now.
SPEAKER_R: What do you mean to say something to you now?
SPEAKER_L: Like, if that situation happened now, I don't think I would have been able to like, bite my tongue and walk away because of how severe it's been. It's gotten, you know? Like, at the beginning it was like, yeah, it's scary. But now I'd be like, really like, you're really going to just sit there and pretend that you don't see the signs, you know? Yeah. My patients has definitely worn thin with people now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what do you what do you what do you uh what do you do? That's different now to like, you know, deal with the whole craziness of everything.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I don't know how I'm here. I feel like at the beginning it was, it was really like, anxiety, like written, like I had to step back from social media and all news outlets for like, a week. I was like, I can't, I can't take in all this information, but now I'm like, I'm almost numb to it enough to where I still get, or like I feel it enough to where I still get frustrated and I still, I'm like, oh this is terrifying, but I'm not enough that I can just deal with it and I just, I don't even know, I just get up and live every day
SPEAKER_R: Ready
SPEAKER_L: and here we are,
SPEAKER_R: control. You can control. True,
SPEAKER_L: try not to stress myself out over things, I can't control that,
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: that's just a good life lesson right there and just so stress yourself out over things you can't control. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're just more now and it's the weirdest part is that people don't want to control the things that they can control and the consequences. That's just yeah, I just don't I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's definitely, this year has brought out like the true, like uh
SPEAKER_R: It's like nature
SPEAKER_L: like everyone's
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: true colors, I couldn't think everyone's, but you can for
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: sure see priorities, that's what I shouldn't say. Everyone's like real priorities. You can tell who actually cares for other people and who just cares about themselves or just doesn't think about
SPEAKER_R: hold
SPEAKER_L: consequence
SPEAKER_R: on one second I gotta flip the switch for a second.
SPEAKER_L: business. Oh sorry sorry. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I know there's like so many people that even like in professional contexts that I used to like look at that just think of them as you know, just like normal intelligent people and that I just you know like or people that I ruler I looked at on twitter and stuff like that and some of those people are just like they're just, I don't know, I didn't want to know they're so driven by everything politically and
SPEAKER_L: you certainly view them differently now.
SPEAKER_R: and it's just like these are people who are like in finance and stuff like that. So how can you be working at profession where everything you do is based upon hard truths and reality and numbers and then use every single day they try to find an excuse to say that's not there for the flu. And it's just like so bizarre. Like I just made me think like how many other decisions in their life do they miss out on because their political positions are not allowing to consider certain things. And it's just like how is that even good for their career to do that? Because I don't think no, like somebody else has seen that they already just ignoring things because they're not politically convenient and then who wants that person to invest their money? Just like, it's so, so weird. But I mean and and like the specific person that I'm thinking of, he has like, you know, he he went to like, he's like an NBA from warden. I mean he's not an idiot. So it's just like, you know, I don't listen to anything he says anymore, but I still go there just to see if he's ever going to flip and you know, it's just like it's so yeah, I don't know, I mean there's a lot of people like that, but this guy is like he owns a company where he's investing. He actually just lost one of his biggest investors. He
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: lost. Wells Fargo was one of his investors and he had to change, he had emerged with another company because he didn't have enough assets, but he doesn't stop doing any of the stuff that he's been doing for this. It's I just I don't know, it's so, look, I never would have known any of that unless all this happened, like I would have just thought that he was like, anyone else that I know who went to Penn, who was like, generally, you know, generally seems to be like above average intelligence, whatever they like, really try to do the job and uh but man, I don't know, but there's there's so many people like that in so many different contexts outside of this now, but yeah, it's just every day, it's just like, what's going on, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Right. And you wanna you wish you could just brush it off as oh it's just these dumb kids, these are people who don't know what they're talking about but then when you see somebody who has a degree who is working in something that's like a very high level job and then they're saying the same things that someone down in florida or whatever is saying it's it definitely rattles your brain a little bit. Kind of shakes your idea of reality and your perception of how everybody is because you think that it's that everybody with one with one idea is one way and then you realize oh just this person who I thought of so highly has that same like moral compass, how does that, how does that, like you said, how does that translate to everything else that they do? And then you just can't see them the same anymore. Yeah, it's bizarre. I can't even, I can't even like process it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well hopefully, yeah. I don't know what it's yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully this november enough people see those true colors and see everyone's actual
SPEAKER_R: It seems
SPEAKER_L: values.
SPEAKER_R: like it's training that way. But you know,
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: it's just it's also like if you're willing to bend your mind so much to allow all this stuff like what else won't you? You know, like, like, I don't know. It's just, you know, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because it's something that seems so simple and so like it's common sense for most people are like, yeah, I'll wear a mask of course, like if it's going to protect somebody else, it protects me, whatever, it's no big deal. But then it becomes this huge political debate, it's about freedom and rights and whatever to the other people and you're like how do you take the same
SPEAKER_R: Something
SPEAKER_L: saying that to me? Seems like common sense and
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you blow it up into this huge issue that is not like that, it's not I just
SPEAKER_R: Some of that was going on before this, like, you know, just like, you know, there's just so many things like the people just don't, you know, don't like people would like to focus on like one of the amendments and the exclusion of everything else. Like these are like absolute things. Like you can say whatever you want,
SPEAKER_L: Or they take
SPEAKER_R: but are
SPEAKER_L: it out of context and
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like they completely ignore the historical context of why it was written in the constitution, and they're like, well actually it means this, you're like no, at the time it meant this.
SPEAKER_R: And and and to me it sort of reminds me this is like a more extreme version of like um gun safety where it's like some people just can't, they think if you have one thing that changes, that means that everything, they're going to lose everything. And it's so it and there was always some people like that. But I feel like now there's a lot more people who are like that and
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I don't know exactly why if it's because of social media or something like that or
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: just, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't I don't know. That's that's like the big question is how and why
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: is like
SPEAKER_R: you want to?
SPEAKER_L: is this super, I can't even form words right now. How and why is the extreme polarization of political views happening
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: now?
SPEAKER_R: the morning.
SPEAKER_L: Like right now, like everybody, it was on like the spectrum of political ideas somewhere, like you're either super far right, you're super far left or somewhere in the middle, but I
SPEAKER_R: Fine.
SPEAKER_L: feel like right now there is like no middle ground, you're either extremely liberal or extremely conservative or you're extremely on one side of things in the core, extremely on the other side of things. And it's just it's weird to see how many people are in those extremes when before it seemed like everyone was pretty moderate and we have those like radicalized people, but now it's like
SPEAKER_R: There's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: a, there's
SPEAKER_L: even myself, I feel like I've become a lot more radicalized over the past like few months just seeing, I mean I wonder if it is just seeing how the other side is, It's like okay if this is the other side of things, I don't want to be that, so I'm going to go as far away from that on this other side as I can. But it was like why now what pushed it, you know, like what it's interesting to think about like what about like quarantine or what about like um just the fact that there is a pandemic going on, like what about that? Cause everybody to just bring out this radical radicalization in themselves? Like why why now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I mean you always see like, you know, I don't know whenever something significant happens, that's when people like you said before, you show your true colors, like you find out who was like, you know, is who is the leader and who is not and who is sort of a little bit more into the drama of the situations and who is more of trying to solid and um but yeah, I definitely think that social media has made it easier for like the guys who used to just be crazy in the back of their pickup truck driving around with a megaphone earth guys all know each other now, you know, on twitter and
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it used to just be, everyone would laugh at them and they would be just like that one virus that could infect anyone else because everyone else was just immune to their craziness. But now all the crazies can find each other and like, you know, raise money and do all kinds, there's,
SPEAKER_L: That's a good point.
SPEAKER_R: there's like 10 people who are members of the Cuban in conspiracy thing, who are, who are won the primaries and they're going to be in the general election, running to to support their state. And it's just like who I mean as agreeing to probably
SPEAKER_L: How?
SPEAKER_R: some of the people who don't know that about them or but some people just, I think I never realized to the extent that how many people just can't tell the difference between what is true and what is made up or that they even care. You know, I just don't um
SPEAKER_L: And that
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: goes back to just like the idea of something to us seems like it's common sense, you're like how do you not understand this? But to somebody else, it's like no, it's this whole other thing that I don't know how they got that, but they somehow got to that conclusion
SPEAKER_R: it sort of reminds me of like One of my nephews, he's like seven and he's better now. But sometimes we use him as an example because he says things that you know that the president would say where
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: it's just like he, you know,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: sentence
SPEAKER_R: doesn't have,
SPEAKER_L: alone
SPEAKER_R: he doesn't have
SPEAKER_L: says a lot.
SPEAKER_R: intent, you know, besides the fact that he's, you know, got 60 something years. Um you know to learn what the president hasn't yet, but he is a malicious intent but like sometimes like when you're a little kid you you're the line between what is real and what is not real, it's like blurry and so and he's very like straight spoken, so he just says these things and so we kind of laugh because sometimes you can tell where he's like splitting line between what his his mind like what dream is living or whatever. Um And when every kid does that to an extent, especially like when they're really young uh But
SPEAKER_L: I've worked with kids and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: now it just seems like it's so easy for people to believe anything. It's sort of like they're like tapping into like that little kid is like still there and if it's something easier to believe, why not believe it? Because you can find other people who will believe that thing. Um That's the only thing that that uh that makes sense a little bit about it to me, but just why would you want to do that? You know? You know, I don't know, it's something surely
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And that's a good point and it could just be that they're living in this distorted reality. And I mean if you get your your information from something from a different source that's like so skewed on one side like watching Fox versus CNN you're going to get two completely different stories about the same situation.
SPEAKER_R: And if
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you own, if you only can watch one, then like, you know, because when I watch Fox sometimes it's like, okay, you can see sort of like their script, what they do the top cover and how they're going to cover something that comes out and they're just basically not going to cover or very lightly cover or only cover portions of things that don't make the president look, you know, don't
SPEAKER_L: they pick and choose what they want but it fits their narrative.
SPEAKER_R: right. But if you only watch that, there's so many people who think that that is what's happening because they just ignore everything else. Um
SPEAKER_L: and then the same goes for the other side to if you only stick to one side you're never going to understand where the other side is coming from or just the other things that are happening that don't necessarily fit your narrative.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. But I also remember like I have like sort of my categories of understanding the people because some people do know better and they're just purposely going against it because of the political thing or because they are afraid of you know, the left or something like that. Um But they do know better and they know that it's stupid, but they just are pretending that's no better. And then there's some people who um know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: who know better and care but they're just afraid to speak up and say that something is wrong or we should do this. And for the most part, I think those people are the people who are wearing masks now and stuff like that um as an example, but this I came up with this thing like years ago and then the third category is the people who are just totally clueless and it doesn't they have they just can't tell it's just not in them to know the difference of what is through that and this that category I came up with after I talked to my uncle right before the election in 2016 and he was comparing trump to like ross Perot and how he was going to be such a great businessman and I was like where is how could he ever like he's like ross Perot was the first president that I ever voted for. And I was like but ross grow spent like tens of millions of dollars to buy all the networks and gives our long speeches on the economy trump, doesn't spend any of his own money and he can't speak in one subject from word. And like
SPEAKER_L: Five
SPEAKER_R: that's not
SPEAKER_L: seconds.
SPEAKER_R: himself, like one of the sentence and it's like how can you conflate those two in your mind? And it's like he just doesn't, he just doesn't, I don't know if it's because he watched the apprentice or something like that because I had a friend one time who was
SPEAKER_L: resorting
SPEAKER_R: an immigrant and she watched the apprentice and she thought it was the greatest show ever. And I was just like
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: guys,
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: this this built
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: up idea of what he what trump is like and then you see him as a president and you just just ignore everything else and then pick and choose a little bit, you're like oh well here there was a nice thing he said right there, so see he's a good guy, that's how it yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So, but I mean, but it sort of made me realize that I just cannot talk to my uncle about hardly anything that has any significance because he just has no idea of what what, you know, it's like it would be like talking to my nephew. Like can, you know,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: they're the
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: ability
SPEAKER_L: no understanding.
SPEAKER_R: to yeah, there's not a lot of difference in certain things unless it's his job. You know, he's obviously is a professional and does things and he's good at his job. But it's just there's so many people like that and it's just, you know, in a sense, it's good because It's better use of your time to talk to people who actually, you know, have some understanding of like what you're saying or whatever. But it's uh it is just so bizarre. It's like because I mean I'm 40 years old, so I don't remember when I first met my uncle, but I probably I have known him for at least 30 years and I would have never ever thought, you know that that that he would not be able to know the difference between the two. But then there's so many other people that I see that expressed the same thing, you know, that they wanted a businessman or whatever. And I like businessmen president, but you have to actually meet the standard, you know? And so I
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: a good human being as well. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You have to
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: least
SPEAKER_R: some sort
SPEAKER_L: somewhat.
SPEAKER_R: of right, You have to acknowledge that someone besides yourself exists.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Seriously, seriously, my dad was the same way, I mean he's a lot better now, thank God, I was so nervous, he was just going to totally go far right with everything, but he was kind of the same way in the sense that every time I tried to have a conversation with him, it would just, I would just be blown away with like his reasoning for things and his excuse is that I just couldn't do it anymore, I had to walk away, I was like, I I can't, I can't talk talk with you, I feel like I'm talking to a wall. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: tough.
SPEAKER_R: and some of it, like, you know, you know, for him, I can't get mad at him because, you know, it's just that's just the way he sees it or whatever. And you know, his wife who was in the military, she's like has similar things, but she's she's also a nurse. So like I think this has sort of note has shifted some things with her, but you know, it's it's um but then there's other people I just like who like some of my uh where more than I'm from that are like older people who are friends with my parents that I've known for a long time, and we were like really religious and they're like totally into the whole thing. And it's just like, what?
SPEAKER_L: my family
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: is mormon so, yep, I'm well aware of those people,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Did what are your family members think about mitt Romney now?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I need to ask because they were, you know, obviously when he ran in a way, everyone was like, oh my God, this guy's sent from heaven, you know, but I'm not sure what they think now, especially because he kind of has a little bit more moderate views than you would think on some things. Yeah, I should ask for sure, but it's too can of worms I get scared to open so
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Yeah. But I think he's interesting, especially because um he's sort of the dilemma because so many people don't want to, I think don't want to admit what is happening or that's worse than the flu or something like that, because then they're going to have to admit why it's so or why we're doing it so poorly than everyone else and the way to fix that. And it's such an easy thing, but they just can't admit that they basically like screwed up. And so then they try even harder because once you admit that he did this one thing wrong, it sort of opens the Pandora's box of saying everything else that he's wrong, and there's so many things that you could never stop talking about something
SPEAKER_L: Bryant,
SPEAKER_R: wrong with the as the world and so like, but like now when, you know mitt Romney is like the only guy or one of the only guys who can criticize him still, because he's the only one who who did, you know, he's the only one who voted to impeach him, and like, now all the other ones, they can't say anything bad about him because they voted to let him keep doing the stuff that he's doing, and so they're in this like, you know, catch 22 or whatever, but it's so interesting because it's so easy for him to do it because he just admits what is happening. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: opens his eyes a little bit more.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I actually, one of my favorite things to do, and I said it's my family members now as they follow that there's a thing called Republican voters against trump, where people go on to the site and make videos and say, you know why they voted for trump and what they feel
SPEAKER_L: And rather not
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: it. And um so it's just like you know like those people at least you know everyone can make a mistake and so at least if you can admit it and then say you know I feel bad but here's why I did it I was wrong and I'm not gonna make the same mistake again. So that sort of gives me some sort of solace and that there are people who you know do you know that that it's bad But yeah we gotta we gotta we gotta make it another three or four months at least and then who knows what he's gonna do if he loses them in between.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Who knows what the people of America are going to do if he wins? Like y'all thought there was protesting rights now. Oh that's that's what I'm nervous about is that there won't be enough people to stand up against him and even if there are enough people that he's going to have a system in play like we've seen in uh I don't remember what state that was with the insane voter suppression where there's like 8-hour long lines just to get in the damn
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: building,
SPEAKER_R: was Georgia
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I just it's just scary. It's nerve racking. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh we can't control that so.
SPEAKER_L: Is it, yep. Exactly and our time is up so we did a good job. So I told you talk about current events, there's a lot there,
SPEAKER_R: yeah we can we could easily go for another 5.5 hours. According to your estimate, it's
SPEAKER_L: Probably
SPEAKER_R: probably great.
SPEAKER_L: more than that, depending on what what long routes you want to
SPEAKER_R: Depending
SPEAKER_L: take.
SPEAKER_R: on what happens in the next 30 minutes that then, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Right. What news, what news article is gonna come out today? Tomorrow? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: All right,
SPEAKER_R: Well it was it was nice talking to you and I hope your sister feels better and I
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: will
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah, have a good night.
SPEAKER_L: You too? All right. Right.