I'm good. How are you
Savannah?
I have a while back.
It is a
yeah, I think it was at the, I know it was like at the beginning of horns. That's like how I measure time now is during middle end of quarantine.
Yeah. It was probably the same like study that came out.
Honestly. It was pretty easy last time because things like I said it was the beginning of everything. So we had a lot to like, so we had a lot to just talk about. So we just talked and then we're like, oh look, the time went by. So it was pretty fast and easy. Yeah. But now there's like too much to talk about.
Well just like current events. Like if we were to go into that, that's like a whole, that's like a six hour conversation.
Yeah.
No,
no, no, no. We don't need to. That's what I was saying is the last time it was easy because it's just like wow this is also crazy but now it's taken a dark turn and there's a lot of other stuff so we don't need to talk about that.
It's still crazy. Yeah. Do you know anybody who's gotten it
friend of a friend or something? Yeah.
My sister has it. Yeah, she's on like week seven or 8 of symptoms and she's been to the er like three different times. Yeah so it does but I'm just glad she's not worse. You know like she goes to the er but she gets to go back home the same day so it's not like major major it's like intense but it's not so bad that she's got to be in the ICU or anything like that,
so. Yeah.
I don't even remember when Yeah I don't know the weeks cause she just updates us and it's like, how are you still sick? Yeah.
Yeah. So it's kind of sorry my dog just came in. It's kind of been like she has periods where she's like okay, she's never like fully better, but she has periods where she's doing better than before and then she has periods where she just totally crashes and those are the times when she has to go to the er for her breathing or recently she had to go because she couldn't keep down like anything, she couldn't like even keep down water for like three days, so she was like, I'm gonna, this is not okay, like I need to. Yeah, so I know like the initial like hit of it was really hard, like fatigue wise and everything, but since then it's kind of just been like a roller coaster for her.
And does, I mean, I don't know anyone here where I live that hasn't because she doesn't live in new york, she lives up in Washington
and
Uh huh. Yeah. Um But yeah, I don't know anybody here who has it, but at my fiancee's work there's three people now who have it, so it just feels like inevitable that they were going to get it. So it's kind of nerve racking. Especially like seeing how it's affecting my sister. I'm like uh huh trying to prepare but also hope for the best at the same time.
I mean
have
you heard of people uh have you heard of people hosting covid parties?
that
was
yeah, that was the article I saw and I was like, I thought it was like when I had first heard about the whole covid party thing, I thought was a joke. And then to see that article like people are actually doing.
it
makes
sense. But it doesn't make
sense.
Kind
of
2020.
yeah, of course not.
I remember when I first started I went to have a daughter. So we went just walked over to the park near us just walking around. We couldn't go on the playground because it had like the caution tape and everything and it was, you know, they had signs of saying it was closed and there are some like high school kids that were sitting on the playground like right next to the side that's like, like partner playground is closed. And I was just what I literally, I was so mad. I literally said something. I was like, can y'all y'all read or he was like, no, I can't read. I was like, okay, I just left it at that. But man, I wish someone would say something to me now.
Like, if that situation happened now, I don't think I would have been able to like, bite my tongue and walk away because of how severe it's been. It's gotten, you know? Like, at the beginning it was like, yeah, it's scary. But now I'd be like, really like, you're really going to just sit there and pretend that you don't see the signs, you know? Yeah. My patients has definitely worn thin with people now. Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know how I'm here. I feel like at the beginning it was, it was really like, anxiety, like written, like I had to step back from social media and all news outlets for like, a week. I was like, I can't, I can't take in all this information, but now I'm like, I'm almost numb to it enough to where I still get, or like I feel it enough to where I still get frustrated and I still, I'm like, oh this is terrifying, but I'm not enough that I can just deal with it and I just, I don't even know, I just get up and live every day
and here we are,
try not to stress myself out over things, I can't control that,
that's just a good life lesson right there and just so stress yourself out over things you can't control. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it's definitely, this year has brought out like the true, like uh
like everyone's
true colors, I couldn't think everyone's, but you can for
sure see priorities, that's what I shouldn't say. Everyone's like real priorities. You can tell who actually cares for other people and who just cares about themselves or just doesn't think about
consequence
business. Oh sorry sorry. Yeah. Right.
you certainly view them differently now.
Oh my gosh.
Right. And you wanna you wish you could just brush it off as oh it's just these dumb kids, these are people who don't know what they're talking about but then when you see somebody who has a degree who is working in something that's like a very high level job and then they're saying the same things that someone down in florida or whatever is saying it's it definitely rattles your brain a little bit. Kind of shakes your idea of reality and your perception of how everybody is because you think that it's that everybody with one with one idea is one way and then you realize oh just this person who I thought of so highly has that same like moral compass, how does that, how does that, like you said, how does that translate to everything else that they do? And then you just can't see them the same anymore. Yeah, it's bizarre. I can't even, I can't even like process it. Uh huh.
Hopefully this november enough people see those true colors and see everyone's actual
values.
Let's
Yeah, because it's something that seems so simple and so like it's common sense for most people are like, yeah, I'll wear a mask of course, like if it's going to protect somebody else, it protects me, whatever, it's no big deal. But then it becomes this huge political debate, it's about freedom and rights and whatever to the other people and you're like how do you take the same
saying that to me? Seems like common sense and
you blow it up into this huge issue that is not like that, it's not I just
Or they take
it out of context and
like they completely ignore the historical context of why it was written in the constitution, and they're like, well actually it means this, you're like no, at the time it meant this.
it's
you
don't
know.
Yeah, I don't I don't know. That's that's like the big question is how and why
is like
is this super, I can't even form words right now. How and why is the extreme polarization of political views happening
now?
Like right now, like everybody, it was on like the spectrum of political ideas somewhere, like you're either super far right, you're super far left or somewhere in the middle, but I
feel like right now there is like no middle ground, you're either extremely liberal or extremely conservative or you're extremely on one side of things in the core, extremely on the other side of things. And it's just it's weird to see how many people are in those extremes when before it seemed like everyone was pretty moderate and we have those like radicalized people, but now it's like
I
even myself, I feel like I've become a lot more radicalized over the past like few months just seeing, I mean I wonder if it is just seeing how the other side is, It's like okay if this is the other side of things, I don't want to be that, so I'm going to go as far away from that on this other side as I can. But it was like why now what pushed it, you know, like what it's interesting to think about like what about like quarantine or what about like um just the fact that there is a pandemic going on, like what about that? Cause everybody to just bring out this radical radicalization in themselves? Like why why now?
that's
true.
That's a good point.
How?
And that
goes back to just like the idea of something to us seems like it's common sense, you're like how do you not understand this? But to somebody else, it's like no, it's this whole other thing that I don't know how they got that, but they somehow got to that conclusion
which
that
sentence
alone
says a lot.
I've worked with kids and Yeah.
Yeah. And that's a good point and it could just be that they're living in this distorted reality. And I mean if you get your your information from something from a different source that's like so skewed on one side like watching Fox versus CNN you're going to get two completely different stories about the same situation.
So
they pick and choose what they want but it fits their narrative.
and then the same goes for the other side to if you only stick to one side you're never going to understand where the other side is coming from or just the other things that are happening that don't necessarily fit your narrative.
Yeah.
Five
seconds.
resorting
So
you
have
this this built
up idea of what he what trump is like and then you see him as a president and you just just ignore everything else and then pick and choose a little bit, you're like oh well here there was a nice thing he said right there, so see he's a good guy, that's how it yeah,
No,
there's
no understanding.
have
to be
a good human being as well. Yeah,
at
least
somewhat.
Yeah. Seriously, seriously, my dad was the same way, I mean he's a lot better now, thank God, I was so nervous, he was just going to totally go far right with everything, but he was kind of the same way in the sense that every time I tried to have a conversation with him, it would just, I would just be blown away with like his reasoning for things and his excuse is that I just couldn't do it anymore, I had to walk away, I was like, I I can't, I can't talk talk with you, I feel like I'm talking to a wall. Yeah,
it's
tough.
my family
is mormon so, yep, I'm well aware of those people,
you know, I need to ask because they were, you know, obviously when he ran in a way, everyone was like, oh my God, this guy's sent from heaven, you know, but I'm not sure what they think now, especially because he kind of has a little bit more moderate views than you would think on some things. Yeah, I should ask for sure, but it's too can of worms I get scared to open so
Bryant,
Just
opens his eyes a little bit more.
And rather not
going
to
Mhm Who knows what the people of America are going to do if he wins? Like y'all thought there was protesting rights now. Oh that's that's what I'm nervous about is that there won't be enough people to stand up against him and even if there are enough people that he's going to have a system in play like we've seen in uh I don't remember what state that was with the insane voter suppression where there's like 8-hour long lines just to get in the damn
building,
you know,
I just it's just scary. It's nerve racking. Yeah.
Is it, yep. Exactly and our time is up so we did a good job. So I told you talk about current events, there's a lot there,
Probably
more than that, depending on what what long routes you want to
take.
Right. What news, what news article is gonna come out today? Tomorrow? Yeah.
All right,
thank
you.
You too? All right. Right.