Yeah. Can you hear me? How are you?
I'm good. What is your name?
Savannah? My name is, josh. Let's move you, have you done one of these before?
Me
as well?
Yeah. I guess I guess it was about the same for me. It was a couple of weeks into it when I did it the last time.
Um, So what strategy did you use last time?
What do you mean?
Like uh, I mean you take my like stuff on the news or um yeah.
I don't want to like get into,
I don't want
It is crazy though. It's still crazy.
I know I do not. Well, I mean, no, no, I don't, not like a friend or anything. I mean there's, there's people who have sort of heard about that. Yeah,
about you?
So
she's had, she's had it since like May. She's had something to this May.
So, but did she have like a period when it was like worse and she was like really tired, hurt and stuff like that,
That sucks.
What
can you see?
Yeah I know. I don't I don't want to think that everyone is going to get it, but I think some people almost want to get it. So that's the,
that's
weird.
I saw that there is one of the guys who want someone died today or
something
like that.
I mean think about all this stupid stuff that people do in college because you think you can't die or whatever and so it sort of makes sense but just so
weird that you would
even
you're
right which is pretty much a lot of stuff that's happening right now. It's
very
unsurprising
but it's also surprising. Um Yeah, I was just running outside and I sort of like it must have been 10 or 15 kids all walking together on the street, no masks just
like you know like you know just being stupid or whatever. Uh So I don't know but
What do you mean to say something to you now?
what do you what do you what do you uh what do you do? That's different now to like, you know, deal with the whole craziness of everything.
Ready
control. You can control. True,
true.
they're just more now and it's the weirdest part is that people don't want to control the things that they can control and the consequences. That's just yeah, I just don't I don't know.
It's like nature
of.
there's
hold
on one second I gotta flip the switch for a second.
I know there's like so many people that even like in professional contexts that I used to like look at that just think of them as you know, just like normal intelligent people and that I just you know like or people that I ruler I looked at on twitter and stuff like that and some of those people are just like they're just, I don't know, I didn't want to know they're so driven by everything politically and
and it's just like these are people who are like in finance and stuff like that. So how can you be working at profession where everything you do is based upon hard truths and reality and numbers and then use every single day they try to find an excuse to say that's not there for the flu. And it's just like so bizarre. Like I just made me think like how many other decisions in their life do they miss out on because their political positions are not allowing to consider certain things. And it's just like how is that even good for their career to do that? Because I don't think no, like somebody else has seen that they already just ignoring things because they're not politically convenient and then who wants that person to invest their money? Just like, it's so, so weird. But I mean and and like the specific person that I'm thinking of, he has like, you know, he he went to like, he's like an NBA from warden. I mean he's not an idiot. So it's just like, you know, I don't listen to anything he says anymore, but I still go there just to see if he's ever going to flip and you know, it's just like it's so yeah, I don't know, I mean there's a lot of people like that, but this guy is like he owns a company where he's investing. He actually just lost one of his biggest investors. He
lost. Wells Fargo was one of his investors and he had to change, he had emerged with another company because he didn't have enough assets, but he doesn't stop doing any of the stuff that he's been doing for this. It's I just I don't know, it's so, look, I never would have known any of that unless all this happened, like I would have just thought that he was like, anyone else that I know who went to Penn, who was like, generally, you know, generally seems to be like above average intelligence, whatever they like, really try to do the job and uh but man, I don't know, but there's there's so many people like that in so many different contexts outside of this now, but yeah, it's just every day, it's just like, what's going on, you know?
Well hopefully, yeah. I don't know what it's yeah. I don't know.
It seems
like it's training that way. But you know,
it's just it's also like if you're willing to bend your mind so much to allow all this stuff like what else won't you? You know, like, like, I don't know. It's just, you know, Yeah.
Something
What
Some of that was going on before this, like, you know, just like, you know, there's just so many things like the people just don't, you know, don't like people would like to focus on like one of the amendments and the exclusion of everything else. Like these are like absolute things. Like you can say whatever you want,
but are
you
And and and to me it sort of reminds me this is like a more extreme version of like um gun safety where it's like some people just can't, they think if you have one thing that changes, that means that everything, they're going to lose everything. And it's so it and there was always some people like that. But I feel like now there's a lot more people who are like that and
I don't know exactly why if it's because of social media or something like that or
if
it's
just, I don't know.
Hi,
you want to?
In
the morning.
Fine.
There's
a, there's
Yeah. Well, I mean you always see like, you know, I don't know whenever something significant happens, that's when people like you said before, you show your true colors, like you find out who was like, you know, is who is the leader and who is not and who is sort of a little bit more into the drama of the situations and who is more of trying to solid and um but yeah, I definitely think that social media has made it easier for like the guys who used to just be crazy in the back of their pickup truck driving around with a megaphone earth guys all know each other now, you know, on twitter and
so
You know, it used to just be, everyone would laugh at them and they would be just like that one virus that could infect anyone else because everyone else was just immune to their craziness. But now all the crazies can find each other and like, you know, raise money and do all kinds, there's,
there's like 10 people who are members of the Cuban in conspiracy thing, who are, who are won the primaries and they're going to be in the general election, running to to support their state. And it's just like who I mean as agreeing to probably
some of the people who don't know that about them or but some people just, I think I never realized to the extent that how many people just can't tell the difference between what is true and what is made up or that they even care. You know, I just don't um
like
it sort of reminds me of like One of my nephews, he's like seven and he's better now. But sometimes we use him as an example because he says things that you know that the president would say where
it's just like he, you know,
he
doesn't have,
he doesn't have
intent, you know, besides the fact that he's, you know, got 60 something years. Um you know to learn what the president hasn't yet, but he is a malicious intent but like sometimes like when you're a little kid you you're the line between what is real and what is not real, it's like blurry and so and he's very like straight spoken, so he just says these things and so we kind of laugh because sometimes you can tell where he's like splitting line between what his his mind like what dream is living or whatever. Um And when every kid does that to an extent, especially like when they're really young uh But
now it just seems like it's so easy for people to believe anything. It's sort of like they're like tapping into like that little kid is like still there and if it's something easier to believe, why not believe it? Because you can find other people who will believe that thing. Um That's the only thing that that uh that makes sense a little bit about it to me, but just why would you want to do that? You know? You know, I don't know, it's something surely
And if
you own, if you only can watch one, then like, you know, because when I watch Fox sometimes it's like, okay, you can see sort of like their script, what they do the top cover and how they're going to cover something that comes out and they're just basically not going to cover or very lightly cover or only cover portions of things that don't make the president look, you know, don't
right. But if you only watch that, there's so many people who think that that is what's happening because they just ignore everything else. Um
Exactly. But I also remember like I have like sort of my categories of understanding the people because some people do know better and they're just purposely going against it because of the political thing or because they are afraid of you know, the left or something like that. Um But they do know better and they know that it's stupid, but they just are pretending that's no better. And then there's some people who um know
who know better and care but they're just afraid to speak up and say that something is wrong or we should do this. And for the most part, I think those people are the people who are wearing masks now and stuff like that um as an example, but this I came up with this thing like years ago and then the third category is the people who are just totally clueless and it doesn't they have they just can't tell it's just not in them to know the difference of what is through that and this that category I came up with after I talked to my uncle right before the election in 2016 and he was comparing trump to like ross Perot and how he was going to be such a great businessman and I was like where is how could he ever like he's like ross Perot was the first president that I ever voted for. And I was like but ross grow spent like tens of millions of dollars to buy all the networks and gives our long speeches on the economy trump, doesn't spend any of his own money and he can't speak in one subject from word. And like
that's not
himself, like one of the sentence and it's like how can you conflate those two in your mind? And it's like he just doesn't, he just doesn't, I don't know if it's because he watched the apprentice or something like that because I had a friend one time who was
an immigrant and she watched the apprentice and she thought it was the greatest show ever. And I was just like
you
guys,
you
know.
So, but I mean, but it sort of made me realize that I just cannot talk to my uncle about hardly anything that has any significance because he just has no idea of what what, you know, it's like it would be like talking to my nephew. Like can, you know,
they're the
ability
to yeah, there's not a lot of difference in certain things unless it's his job. You know, he's obviously is a professional and does things and he's good at his job. But it's just there's so many people like that and it's just, you know, in a sense, it's good because It's better use of your time to talk to people who actually, you know, have some understanding of like what you're saying or whatever. But it's uh it is just so bizarre. It's like because I mean I'm 40 years old, so I don't remember when I first met my uncle, but I probably I have known him for at least 30 years and I would have never ever thought, you know that that that he would not be able to know the difference between the two. But then there's so many other people that I see that expressed the same thing, you know, that they wanted a businessman or whatever. And I like businessmen president, but you have to actually meet the standard, you know? And so I
just
didn't
Yeah. You have to
have
some sort
of right, You have to acknowledge that someone besides yourself exists.
And
and
and some of it, like, you know, you know, for him, I can't get mad at him because, you know, it's just that's just the way he sees it or whatever. And you know, his wife who was in the military, she's like has similar things, but she's she's also a nurse. So like I think this has sort of note has shifted some things with her, but you know, it's it's um but then there's other people I just like who like some of my uh where more than I'm from that are like older people who are friends with my parents that I've known for a long time, and we were like really religious and they're like totally into the whole thing. And it's just like, what?
You know?
yeah. Did what are your family members think about mitt Romney now?
Right. Right. Yeah. But I think he's interesting, especially because um he's sort of the dilemma because so many people don't want to, I think don't want to admit what is happening or that's worse than the flu or something like that, because then they're going to have to admit why it's so or why we're doing it so poorly than everyone else and the way to fix that. And it's such an easy thing, but they just can't admit that they basically like screwed up. And so then they try even harder because once you admit that he did this one thing wrong, it sort of opens the Pandora's box of saying everything else that he's wrong, and there's so many things that you could never stop talking about something
wrong with the as the world and so like, but like now when, you know mitt Romney is like the only guy or one of the only guys who can criticize him still, because he's the only one who who did, you know, he's the only one who voted to impeach him, and like, now all the other ones, they can't say anything bad about him because they voted to let him keep doing the stuff that he's doing, and so they're in this like, you know, catch 22 or whatever, but it's so interesting because it's so easy for him to do it because he just admits what is happening. So yeah.
It
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I actually, one of my favorite things to do, and I said it's my family members now as they follow that there's a thing called Republican voters against trump, where people go on to the site and make videos and say, you know why they voted for trump and what they feel
bad
about
it. And um so it's just like you know like those people at least you know everyone can make a mistake and so at least if you can admit it and then say you know I feel bad but here's why I did it I was wrong and I'm not gonna make the same mistake again. So that sort of gives me some sort of solace and that there are people who you know do you know that that it's bad But yeah we gotta we gotta we gotta make it another three or four months at least and then who knows what he's gonna do if he loses them in between.
that
was Georgia
thank you.
Uh we can't control that so.
yeah we can we could easily go for another 5.5 hours. According to your estimate, it's
probably great.
Depending
on what happens in the next 30 minutes that then, yeah,
Mhm.
Well it was it was nice talking to you and I hope your sister feels better and I
will
uh yeah, have a good night.