Three,
yep, me too, mm hmm.
Um I've been doing it maybe a year and a half, maybe not even a year and a half, maybe about a year. Um One of my um employees started doing it with a lot of downtime at work and I was like, okay, let me know how it goes, so Yeah,
Mhm.
Well the report
card is bad about that. Do you do product report card?
What
does the other one? I stopped, I stopped doing one because it was so bad. They would ask you. I swear it was almost every question there, like you don't qualify and you know, like come on man, you just
got all
of my information.
Yeah, yeah and the time is wrong on most of them to I found the prolific is more consistent. They pay sooner. Um and I think it's because they do a lot of research with um education rather
than, you
know, marketing.
enjoying you go you dot gov as well um and that one right now is mostly political
but
we'll
get
through
it.
It's
yeah, it's um why
are you
dot gov? Oh my God, I've forgotten how to spell, oh my God, I've
been
out, I've been working from home since March and I'm just like, I don't even know what to do with myself.
regularly
Graham early. Yeah.
Yeah,
I
found myself like trying to text and like wait a minute that I cannot remember how to spell that word because of that because just because of that, because of predictive texting technology is good in some ways, in some ways it's just making us stupider. I'm really concerned about the youth of America trying to learn how to drive because the newer cars have so many safety precautions, you know, like they'll let you know if you've got a car in your blind spot, it'll beat that, it moves the car back for you. And I'm like, what happened to just learning how to drive Now, you're telling a 16 year old that they don't have to pay attention to their blind spot because you're gonna jerk the steering wheel over. You know what I mean?
Yes. My father. Yes. Yes. Yes. Right.
And
on.
Right. Right. And you just keep putting it off and um I'm actually surprised at how many people don't drive. I live in an area that's a large city
and you have to drive unless you're in the core downtown charlotte, like that's the only place that you've got a decent bus system everywhere else you have to drive.
mm hmm, I've thought about moving closer to work or to better public transportation, but uh it's so much slower like, and I don't know that I could ever depend on public transportation, like just the amount of stops it takes. And um so I'm about 35 minutes from work and they're talking about putting a hard line in because we have a light rail, which is just like, it's not a monorail, but it's similar to in downtown charlotte and we're on the outskirts and we're close to where money is. Um I'm kind of in between the downtown weird area and, and money on the lake, so it's like they want to put that in and I thought I would totally use that and then I broke it down. Like, wait a minute would take me like an hour and a half to get to work. I'm not going to use that. That's crazy because you got to take it all the way in and then transfer and get up. No, I'm not. It's not for me.
It's the waiting. It is the waiting. Yeah.
So are you working from home or?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're doing prolific.
You
know,
I have it, I'm
working at home. I do, I work at the university and we're fortunate to be still employed. Um I don't know what next year she'll bring because our economy is just going to go on the crapper completely. But,
you know, take
it day by
day.
It's all we can do is take it day by day. Um I'm have thrown myself into cooking right now at this very moment. I have sausage, lentil soup cooling, I have chicken noodle soup in the pot, I have beef going in the crock pot, I made corn muffins last night. I'm going to take it all to my dad tomorrow, So I'm not eating any of it, but I'm like, yeah, okay, he can put it in the freezer. He's he's 70 and he's a young 70, but he mentally he pretends like he's 110 and can't do anything or go anywhere. Um So I'm like, you, you forget you can cook and do this stuff, but I don't think he wants to, so
thank
you.
Jim.
My my sister was a couple years ago, she's like I'm gonna get dad a tablet for christmas and I'm like you're dealing with it. You were dealing with every bit of technology. I bought him a smartphone if you will like six years ago. But it was very limited like you couldn't even get on the internet. There were very few things you could do because I didn't want to train him and she he's still like like he's very O. C. D. He'll pull over to the side of the road and delete an email if he gets a notification of emails he has O. C. D. Like literally. So um and I'm like okay just just got to learn to let it go and he has to keep everything clean so it it drives tina nuts but I'm like it's your fault
but.
When?
my
friend.
we
are.
Yes. Yes, so my father is very stubborn um he's very active at the same time and he he doesn't like to ask for help and he'll try to do it. Like he fell off the roof last year, he's perfectly fine, but he fell off the roof last year because um he was on the roof and he slipped and his phone fell out of the pouch because he's got one of those weird old man crouches on his hip, so it fell and he couldn't ask for help and he was trying to get down and they fell and I'm like you don't need to be on the roof, man, you do not need to be on the roof, why are we on the roof? And he was looking at um I guess the shingles because he had a link and I'm like dude, you're not putting shingles on your own house. So why are you even doing it? Please board? He is so, so bored. Um he was changing the oil in his truck two or three years ago and the truck fell off of the ramps, but fortunately it's a truck, so it didn't
like
him something
and he had a gash in his arm like, I don't know, six or eight inches long and he had to have have it surgically closed and I'm like, you're such a dumb ass stop. But he's so stubborn. I actually talked to him yesterday and I said, man, you, he thinks he's dying, there's nothing wrong with this man. Um and I said, Look, you're going
to be alone until you're like 110 and you're going to get that man in a wheelchair throwing shit like that is going to be my father because he just wants to do and on his own, he's ornery, he's going to get worse.
Property.
No,
that's fantastic. I love that,
Yeah. The dimension, Yeah. Yeah, it's, I can see a little here and there um and I'll say something about, you know, you used to do this or that and he's like, no, no, that hasn't been that long ago. It's only been about six months. I'm like, dude, no, it's been like five years, like he has no concept of time anymore.
And I,
yeah, and that's going to say part of his age and the fact that not do anything but part of it is Groundhog Day, like
seriously?
And I live that like I have, I know it's october but I'm like seriously, I've been indoors in the winter in the spring and the summer and now we're headed back into the winter soon and it's just like oh my God I really lose concept of time and how long has really gone by? So
I get
it for him now.
Yeah.
Thanks.
that's
good.
I miss having a garden. I live in a condo so we can't have anything like that, miss a grill a garden. I didn't do great with my garden but my father and my mother always had a great garden growing up and that's what I remember and I am very few vegetables but I love summer squash, I love tomatoes. Um and it's just nice to have those in the summer and I just don't even get any sun on my balcony or I would do one of those like swimming pool gardens
can't even do that here because we don't get any sun. So I miss it.
Yeah. Yeah, there there's one year I think I spent like $200 on seeds and I made an apparatus um and I bought those upside down things to grow the tomatoes. I swear I seriously think I spent like $200 building in this thing and I thought it's an investment, I'll use it every year. And one cherry tomato plant blossomed and and put out tomatoes. I think I got two green peppers and like one cucumber out of all
of it works.
Beds.
No.
Baby. Right. That makes sense unfortunately that I said that, you know, my dad is functional, so when I lived in my house, he would come over and mow my grass and he helped me with a garden and he told me he's like Sarah just let me till up the yard. I'm like, no, no, we just did the yard and it's so pretty and we should have just filled up the yard, so um but I'm, I'm about an hour and a half of them now so I can't like depend on him to do little things, which is good for me, but I think it was, it's also good for him to stay busy because he's so bored. He's very, very like on the go and antsy and he just has nowhere to go or anything to do. So I'm
kind
of born.
Their former.
So it's so funny you say that because my family, my mother and I are like twins, were like twins. Um and growing up there were five of us and I was the baby. So whatever we went somewhere as a family, I would branch out with mom and my other sisters would go with my father because they were older and he could handle more of them. So I was always a mama's girl and Tina is closer to dad when he bought a house. He's like, I want to stay close to Tina, so he does a lot of stuff with her, but he refuses to drive up here. He says it's too far, it's just as stubborn and my other siblings are further out than I am. So it's like he's got this connection with her and You know, I will call him and we'll talk about grass for 25 minutes because that's what he had going on that week. And I don't get it. But I listened because that's what I do.
So here in Washington state you said so do you have like, Because here in North Carolina were about 50% of people that are social distancing and wearing their masks and behaving properly and then you have the 50% that don't believe in something.
Well,
see now I'm very sensitive about that because let me let me explain. There are a number of reasons that they could be wearing it in the car, They could be delivering food or groceries. Um They
could be an Uber driver and going to pick somebody up. Um And if they're out shopping, I found myself doing this. If I'm like out shopping, taking it off and put it back on. Most of like now I have good ones. But when you first started we were wearing disposable. So it's like you're literally supposed to throw it away and not reuse it. So it's like run into this errand to that errand. I mean it's a hassle. Plus if you're trying to get used to them,
I think that
maybe
maybe
claustrophobic or
um it wasn't much transition for me I think because I wear a CPAP mask at night. So my face is seems to be always covered these days. But you know, I just feel like that there are a lot of reasons that people might be wearing and their names all over facebook and I'm like why does it matter? People just just just let it go, why does it bother you?
You know?
Nothing yet. Yes. So, and I've always said that I'm like, you know, people wear these things all day long and suddenly there's an issue and you hear, well, there's a medical exemption in north Carolina. Don't know how many other states do that. So if you have a medical reason to not wear a mask, you don't have to. And I'm like, those are the people who should be wearing masks. You
know what I
mean?
Yeah. Because you have a suppressed immune system. So hello. Now I can say for a fact that I had to have five iron infusions. So I went to the hospital five times a couple weeks ago, five different days. They took my oxygen level when it started and after it was done and all 10 times with the mask on and I wear super thick mass because I'm a little paranoid so I got really thick ones um All 10 times it ran 98 to 99% oxygen rate, which is what I would normally get anyway, I'm never at 100%. So it's like dude back off like you're just put the mask on, I don't know why you think you're not getting oxygen.
They there are whole foods. If you go into whole foods, they're giving them out here because you have to have them to get into the grocery store. So I'm like you know you can I think they're only a couple of bucks to um some of the ones now I buy designer ones if you will because I like the cute designs
and stuff
but they do like you know they're they're cheap ones and disposable ones are back in stock. So I mean you know you you wash them and
you dry
now.
It's crazy. I mean it's like even if you don't know if it does any good, what's the harm?
So my life has changed forever because I started wearing them in april before people started requiring them. Um And I wore them outside because we've really bad allergy seasons here in north Carolina. So I was wearing them outside during allergy season. I'm like oh my gosh
this is did it helps so much? So I'm my life has changed forever. It's gonna be masks during allergy season mask during flu season. I think I'm gonna be wearing masks forever.
It's
more and more.
There's gotta be something to that. That makes perfect sense.
Need
them all right.
It's crazy. Where are
we at
time Casino
people?
I think we should be good.
Now
saying
you
Yeah I mean I started seeing a therapist virtually our in person in january because I felt like um you know some depression, I had some issues in december and I was like you know what medications I don't want to do it let me just talk to somebody and it's just as soon as I started feeling better and talk therapy this happened and I'm telling you it's been a blessing. I see her virtually every three weeks and I'm like just knowing that I can talk to her about whatever and she doesn't do anything. I pay her to sit there and listen and nod her head and
I'm like
this
is helpful.
Nothing
kind
baby.
You
know me,
wow, that's interesting. I don't know which I prefer right now, I'm good. But I think if it was safe to leave the house, I would want to get out of the house.
So
I guess it's weird here.
But Yeah.
What grade
do
you teach?
Okay. So I have a friend that is a special education pre K teacher and she was diagnosed with Covid two weeks ago and I actually worked to work in the College of education. So um we teach teachers so they're out in the field working and it's just it's crazy what they're having to do and how they're having to handle it. Like it's I feel for them like it's not something I would want to be doing.
Yeah.
Thank
you.
It's
crazy.
Women.
Me that.
Oh my gosh. That's crazy.
What was what?
Okay. All right. What was good talking to
you?
Have a good
day?
Into
thanks. You too. Bye.