Mhm. Yeah. And he was right. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi, how
are you? I'm good just staying at home. Uh
you been on prolific long?
Oh I've been less than that I guess maybe two months. Um I was doing like other hit or miss type survey things and uh
I was getting so frustrated because they just you've answered a bunch of questions like you spend a long time and either um it freezes or you're not qualified. It's like whoa,
my waist.
No I haven't done
that.
We
already
got a bunch of information about me now, you know where's the 50 cents
or
I think
that in general I mean there are some that are just product things but there's less of those so it's more interesting, you know me anyway, it's more to think about things like public policy or perception. Um The future of technology or something like that rather than cheetos or those, you know whatever. Uh huh.
Is
it
like
the
capital
of you
or
aren't?
Oh why? Oh you okay,
No,
no,
you know when I got really bad um I remember that I was doing a lot of writing and I had I got one of those um what is it called, that that that ubiquitous program that kind of tells you if you
missed something. What?
early. Okay, so I started out doing really well, it was like your vocabulary is good and this and that and then I started text messaging a lot with my kids. Oh my god, instead of progressing I regressed like uh and
then
but
that's true when they're very young, I mean it might be good for us as we get elderly,
So yeah, but every technological thing has its pluses and minuses and it always has, you know, I remember an old man across the street from my parents saying that he remembered when his father was curing leather or something like that by hand and then something else happened and then he lost his job and then the thing that he had trained for wasn't any good anymore. So it happens all the time. But yeah, maybe they should have some kind of at school when they're teaching driving, they should be more intensive, you know, outside of the going to the to the street like something more protected where they can practice and practice and practice. A lot
of people
don't want to drive now when they're young and I don't know if that's good either because if you start driving later you don't end up as good.
that's
yeah, well this is um I'm in the west and it's a very car heavy uh culture. Of course if you live in Downtown Seattle, for example where I'm closest to you have three buses. So why would you drive if you can barely afford your rent and you have to have a roommate? Why would you keep on the expense, the added expensive? Not only the car, the maintenance and the insurance.
40 years ago when I was in college, I took the bus because I couldn't afford a car and I remember in California, the buses would becoming, so if I, if I was five minutes late, I would miss it. So, and I ended up walking miles and it seemed to be better than waiting there at the bus stop. It was so ridiculous. It's not like being in new york or something, right?
out.
No, um I was taking care of an elderly lady and her daughter was um uh laid off and so she's taking care of her and uh it's not a good time to transition. I I was doing Airbnb to which I'm not doing right now and I just uh
I just had to evict a roommate
because yeah
this uh
so yeah just my partner is working and I'm doing things to make,
Yeah and and other things just to make you know like 100 or $250
here and there's just not feel guilty. Um
But
well things work
idiot
all
go
clear. So yeah
That's right,
it's
an
excuse my dad 91 and he is so stubborn and he lives in California. He gives my brother a hard time, he wants attention, he's negative, I've gone there to talk to him when you know he's an immigrant so he learned english and then he devolved like right now he's like not but when he wants to do something, he's stubborn and he'll get it done, got a free um scooter from some kind of social agency. I don't know how did that he managed. And my brother was like, no, he's got diabetes one time he got lost because he went shopping in his tricycle and uh you know, he hadn't eaten breakfast or something like it's terrible. He wrote a letter saying don't give it to him, but they still move it to him.
Oh, I wish my dad were like that because my brother and I were talking and I told I
was telling my brother, you know, we better take care of our artists, interest cities right now because we just get worse and worse.
My dad was always stingy and now he's gone to such extremes and he's also has hoarding problems and
he was
by himself and he's 91 years old and I went to talk to him, I I flew down there to talk to him and he's like you're not getting me out of this house unless it's feet first. You know, stubborn old man um are worse
than stubborn old women because
it's in their generation, yours is like 30 years younger. But it was more like my dad was like frank Sinatra, I'll do it my way, you know? Uh and they forget he he complains that his body hurts and he can't do anything. But then the second a second later he thinks he can do everything
No
it didn't
happen.
Well
well you know getting things people to do things for them, it doesn't even work a few years ago. Um my dad's house got needed a new roof so my brother and I got people to come and of course he didn't like what they were doing, so he got up in the roof and started teaching
them because you know how to how to make everything plum
and you know it's like okay,
he's very difficult, he's we got him house cleaners and he claims they they're stealing and all his stuff is valuable but that he still thinks they're stealing and because she's bringing stuff that isn't mine and she's taking away stuff that I was here before and it was like okay, you know everybody's mind, your your dad is still in the seventies, but wait until everybody's almost minds when they're in their eighties start to decline
much
these days.
You
are.
Well
I
got into doing a vegetable garden here, The all the seasons are, we're pretty far north, where all the seasons are a little late and they're not enough sun, but I did get a lot of lettuce and tomatoes and um things
like that, but um that's something constructive to do also got into cooking like you, because especially since my partner has, I'm divorced, but I found an old boy, my first boyfriend
actually, we're together, he's divorced and we're together um He has got now, so I have to be thinking about what he can eat and what he can't eat, so he doesn't have flare ups. So I guess it's made us healthier, you know, a lot more vegetables and
meat
and stuff like that out of necessity.
Well
yeah, it's kind of fun and it makes you feel virtuous, right? You're doing something?
No,
I've done that too before without any help. I mean this time my partner helped and he made me some raised um
it's there's lots of rock here. So if I try to dig up the ground, it's really intense and I'm not as strong as I used to be. Um, but with my ex husband, we actually had like acreage, but he would only give me a piece of land and right next to the barn and
I was less success. It's less successful than here. There was really no, uh, no sign it was to JD
for my
father's
sake. I I said, why don't you, why doesn't dad come here for a change to Washington? And he's like, no, I'm not moving from my house, you know? So
mother and also my brother is nine years older than me and my father has always relied on him and I was the rebellious one. So he was always talking to me through my mom when she was alive, more like we all butted heads. I was really hard for me to tell him what to do dynamic, never there, you know? Closeness So
Well my dad goes back in time when I talked to him and he'll go back to telling me about when he was a 10 teenager into depression and how he didn't understand the way things were. So he was helping his his uh uncle in the his grocery store and he didn't understand people didn't have enough money to eat and all these things. I mean, he'll go back in time and uh I guess even though they were rough times, he thinks they were better than now, but everybody idealizes when they were kids, no matter what was going on in the world. Um
I was looking for my sister in law in California and I said, you know when I walk, because I like to walk, of course if people are 200, you know, uh feet away, I keep my mask and I go like this and I go like that because you know, I want to breathe too. But if nobody is around, you have to understand what the reason for the mask is, right? And I half of the people don't wear it at all, and half of the people are wearing it when they're by themselves in the car. And like, do they know why they're
wearing a mask?
Thanks.
that's true.
My
son,
thank
you.
very um expensive thing to do. I mean, not only expensive monetarily, I mean expensive as a way is a holistic way, like it's not going to detract from your life very much. I'm surprised I was at a hardware store and I was listening to somebody talking to the checker and she claimed that she was a medical professional or health professional or something like that. And she was talking about, oh, it's so hazardous, you don't get enough oxygen. And I chose not to interject because I said I don't want to get involved in having a dispute because people have gone crazy lately,
I've heard of people getting slapped or whatever. And I'm thinking, wow, what kind of medical professional is she that she's ST this information. Otherwise you know people that are doing surgeries, it's a long time. Why are they all of a sudden like clap?
Because
the
ones that shouldn't get the disease.
And you know here I went to report something at the police station and some that were free cloth ones. Oh, it's not like people that are poor can't get them. Yeah,
you're
wearing them all the time.
I
was talking with someone online, I guess. It's not talking, it's
texting or whatever and they were saying, well you don't know, it's a slippery slope. The government will make us do this and then they'll make us do that. And I said, you really don't think you're smart enough to know where they're crossing the line, It's like you're just gonna be like the frog in the pot, you know? Mhm.
Uh Even if it makes it just makes other people feel more comfortable, that's that's something social good.
It didn't hurt, wow.
Well, maybe one of the reasons why South Korea did well in the family of nations or whatever was because you see, asians are always
wearing
that. Remember they get a cold, they were masked probably or density is so much compared to art,
it was a little bit confusing. I remember reading at the very beginning, oh, don't wear masks because they're not going to do as much good as their costs and there aren't enough of them and the people that are working in hospitals
need them.
But now they're making too much of a big deal about that incidents of confusion at the beginning. Right? Uh huh.
What
was
uh no, I forgot to put the thing,
but it's uh
yeah, we should. The only thing I was going to tell you was the reason that I had to tell my my roommate Uh to leave even though it was, you know, $800 a month was nothing. two because this is an area that is very offensive, you know? Uh And she found a place that wasn't that isn't any good that all of a sudden she was kept complaining here. And then now the lady doesn't give her a space in the fridge, she doesn't give her you know she she doesn't have a lock on her door. You know things that I thought was just normal that I work. I went to her her face, she's renting it. Um But anyway was because I think of covid anybody that has had a little bit of addiction. I mean she was smoking inside which I didn't like because it was supposed to be non smoking to also getting drunk lately and then she was yelling at the neighbors and I'm like okay this is not working
out, I can't have the neighbors not talking to me because of Theresa. So there there are mental health issues, there are people that are getting really, she's a she works at at grocery store and she's really bent out of shape about people being mean to her or sneezing at her and steve
stuff like
our society. I don't know. I think we all need like a the whole society and probably not only this one, probably all of them needs like a like a psychological checkup or something.
Well the
thing
is
I just say that I don't know if it's accurate or you know how good the research
was but
there was
a study that is finding that virtual therapy sessions are better than in place ones. I mean
that
face yeah that people are getting better results.
My
name is
and she got depressed and she's taking medication
southern California. She went back to teaching everything opened and the school district implemented. Well they have a bunch of rules but they didn't think about how they were they were to be implemented right how everything falls on the shoulder of the teachers. So she's middle school and she not only has to like rearrange your classroom and make it social distancing, she has to make sure that these kids that are, she's very petite, that are practically bigger than she is, that they have to like have their hands washed, she has to sanitize their hands, she has
of
middle
school.
And he got mad because the superintendent was so um also uh
demeaning in his speech when they complained, uh he said well it would have been nice to have the summer off, you know? But we were here working, you should have said things when we were having meetings or whatever, and she was saying, well a lot of us were working on the curriculum, she was one of the ones that was volunteering because she
didn't want a curriculum that then she
would have to like get up to speed with. And so she was, she was getting paid pennies basically for a lot of work. So she's saying, she's saying they are completely out of touch with us,
you
know pontificate, it is a political position. I remember my daughter unfortunately when she was in third grade, she was too smart and she came home and she said you know the principal has been you lying to us and I said why? And she says because every school meeting like they used to have like school white meetings in the beginning of the day
where they said the pledge of allegiance and they get a lot of pep talk, she says the principal was telling us that we were the best school in the district and then she said,
I was I was sitting in the office and she was talking to somebody else and she said, oh this is my, um, stepping stone to a better school because I'm aiming to further my career and third grade. And she understood that and she came and she says, I don't believe adults anymore, they're liars.
So yeah, people have different reasons. I mean, most teachers are there because they're passionate about kids and other people or like everything else. Well, okay, what was that?
I see a generic thing now.
What
was
it?
Yeah. Take care of yourself. Stay
healthy.