good
good. So we're gonna do this for about 25 minutes I guess. Okay all right I'll start I'm in Connecticut, married two kids seven and nine Die Hard Mets fan. Um Cry a lot during baseball season. Mhm.
What's that? Yes.
it was tough. What a train wreck. He's turned out to be holy kind of not being able to handle new york. I guess
so.
Yeah definitely. Well I don't know I got new owners today so hopefully it'll uh
see what happens. He says he's not interested in making money, he just wants to win championships so we'll see how that goes. Yeah
That's
my most owners that's all they care about.
It's
already worth yeah he's already worth $12 billion so how much more can he possibly need?
But,
yep I agree. So should be interesting.
It's new york, there's tons of money there, it's the biggest market in the world, so.
that
is, yeah, it is definitely a dumpster fire.
All right.
Uh My brother used to live out there. Wrigley Field is the best place in America to go to a game,
but
I've
never seen anything like the whole city blocks. Shuts down. I've never so much fun. Never seen
anything.
it really is.
But
that's
that's good. That's good. That's what I'm hoping for with them. That's the Ricketts wanted to go in and win as opposed to just make money. So it's about changing the changing
the culture.
Important.
Alright. Alright. Because the last time I talked about bars.
What?
Yeah, I know regularly fill and they could lose all 162 and they will sell out every game.
Yeah, I'll be yeah,
I'll take it to get. Yeah.
No it is not that's there's nothing quite like it. Uh huh. So let's say we got uh um I don't know if this is my third one of these. How many of these have you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
You're
always
yeah I know, I know. It's this is the easiest 15 bucks I'll make. Yeah. So.
my last almost like that she was a little a little odd. It's kind of a conversation.
that's what I said. I'm not look you're not gonna make a ton of money doing. That's what if it's it's beer money or a tank of gas shit. This is a that's,
How long have you been doing? Like the prolific and survey thing? Okay.
Yeah, I think
so. Yeah.
Yes. And the money's been real good lately.
Research studies that kind of a
bunch of lately. Yeah those are great. That's that's some real money for an hour's worth of work.
Problem.
Probably made like 1500 bucks March april may. I think I've done four of them over the last two weeks. I have two more scheduled christmas.
Yeah. Yeah they're kind of picked up. It's been
great.
Yeah I think that is I think everything is closing. It's working out really well for people who want to do this.
Okay. I still go in every day. I run a grocery store so I go every day
there's nobody on the road. That's that's correct. Et I don't have to worry about it. Nobody out there but
even
take off to come
out.
Help.
I think it would be a long winter.
All depends if people are smart enough to not get together on thanksgiving, maybe you'll get a little easier, but I know
and
so I drive by, my wife would want to go out and just you know we like to do the brewery thing, we would stop just to pick up here and I'm like absolutely not and we would just leave because they were bursting at the seams. Uh huh. Oh
okay.
Oh wait to everybody around here pretty much just curbside delivery is kind of hard to find.
yeah, yeah they were offering free delivery though.
So
definitely
you know taking up on that too. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah I'm waiting for her Connecticut phases, I'm waiting for them to go back to phase one, we're just about everything is closed
but
I know.
I think a lot of its two waiting to see what Washington decides to do if they decided to do anything because if they can get money from them then they can probably make decisions to go back. Yeah.
That's a different yeah.
They got lots
of issues.
No, not until after not until after the inauguration.
If
if there's an inauguration also say
thank you.
No,
this
thing goes to the court so there's no point in voting ever again.
Here
they're
not coming. You're not coming with any sort of proof any sort of reliable fact.
That's exactly
Bear your opponent
down.
I think somebody told me that he thinks that he'll hold out as long as you can because as soon as he concedes he can't take donations anymore towards another campaign so that money is gone so he wants.
All
I can see that. I want to I only wonder how that would play out though if he would split the Republican Party or if they would continue to follow him.
yep. I would have said
the same time
now
that's
stroke.
I know.
It should be deleting
those years.
I'm sure it is.
that's
yeah that's I don't know I just the whole thing. I mean I'm fascinated by it. Yeah.
Yeah. It's that scary. It is I
mean
no on the 20th or he's still in the White house and Biden's getting inaugurated and I have a whole nother problem on our hands.
somebody's got to step up and and go in there and tell him that it's over and like really try to convince him to just let it go
Yeah now they start certifying votes this week. Everything
becomes
very official.
Physical.
martin.
No
his interest
in film positions I mean there are even people to transition with in a lot of those positions. Uh huh. Very difficult. Yeah.
Take it.
I was
what?
tell him
concede. Yeah, he has to actually concede. And they're not getting any sort of intelligence and national security reports. They're getting nothing. So
I never thought I'd see it in this country. Mhm.
Oh yeah. What are you going to tell? And this
is
back
and watch? It is entertaining at times to say the least. But
yeah, this will be nothing like anything else is the way it's been documented online and in the news it will never be you'll never see anything like this again. I don't know what's in the kool aid that they're drinking. But
yeah, there are millions who really think that there's fraud going on.
Like delegitimize the entire voting process if you can get the courts to intervene and over timeless. Yeah.
But
It is. But I didn't sleep for like three days, I couldn't turn the news off.
Yeah. It really was it still is because you just don't know what he's capable of doing
when they call pennsylvania relaxed a lot and then today you have bar coming out and you have the Secretary of State coming out saying, you know they're not they're playing they're they're planning right now for a second term. That's what they're doing in the White House and that just creates all sorts of stress again.
yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everything's been poor four years. Uh
I think he does I don't know that the party would nominate anybody like this again, but I just don't know the people followers are so gung ho I just I don't know, I don't know if they would do this to themselves that they're going to destroy the party in the end.
No.
he says the things
that
there's a lot of people are thinking and he has the attitude that they have and for some reason they relate to him, but he could care less about most of them, it's all about his own bottom line. Mhm. Uh huh.
thank
you.
What happened?
just
walk
up Yeah. Uh huh.
yep. His kids brought his whole college kids into the White House with them, they're not going anywhere, I don't think, look
No, but you know, florida is another place. Ohio is a different place.
Probably.
You
Yeah, florida is a huge and that's where they're technically their residency is. That's where he voted, wow.
Uh huh.
Yeah, it is. Right. Okay. I don't know. Okay. Yeah. I've never been worth billions, so I don't really know. Oh,
I wouldn't
be
doing,
I wouldn't be doing this, you know?
Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay. The last one I had, she was, she likes to watch Youtube videos and she was talking about conspiracy, telling me all these different people. I mean, I'm like, okay, I
just sat here quietly while she rambled on for 20 minutes. It's okay. I don't only go on youtube for my news.
Dangerous. Yeah. Youtube ready. It's dangerous. It's where all the scary shit comes from.
Yeah, I mean, and I use facebook a lot, but it is definitely the home of misinformation in this country these days.
I think that facebook's core user is probably a biden supporter. For the most part they're younger. That's what they, you know, more of uh you know more, there are probably more of a biden voter. But
yes, because they spent hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Waiting for baseball season again. Maybe
then I can relax a little bit. Okay.
That yeah, it could be an exciting off season. I don't know.
I think three, maybe 22 or three
we're
talking about.
Mhm. Yeah, I bet with like 300 again you get a decent year when you're only playing 70 games.
Oh yeah, he's still a solid player.
It was in the paint 30 year. So, I mean, that's that's the bigger issue I think people have. Well,
Yeah. The guy who's in his late thirties, it's really not terrible.
I mean, you could be in a position to Phillies in with harper who was you know that into 40 now for two straight years. Can't seem to find he's got 40 million here, so a couple of minutes. But yeah, I mean, oh thank you.
Yeah. You know what though? He's gonna start approaching bonds. His numbers will start putting asses in the seat again. Yeah.
They don't get some money
out of there.
the rangers, these ridiculous contracts. Yeah. The angels are going a couple of them though.
Yeah. Yeah. They did
look
at Baltimore
what
they did
with chris Davis, the guy bets less than 100 He hits three home runs, they're paying 25 year.
Yeah. Yeah. Because of one season where he got he was able to put it together.
Yeah. Being at the right place at the right time.
I
know
this year with her. I mean 16 teams made it if your team didn't make like all you do is play 500 ball this year. That's all you had to do,
nope.
Yeah, I know because it was. Yeah.
I was and not easy. It was an interesting season, the state of the least. I was actually surprised they finished the season I thought at some point called.
Yeah. I think they did the right thing for you know the late playoff
just playing in texas. I think that was the right thing to do. And they should have played. I kept saying one of the season for a starter. They should have come to the new york. Erica. There was enough stadiums between boston and new york between college and minor league that they could have kept everybody safe and local.
Right. And I think that's why they had to do that
for basketball. Yeah. Look at hockey. Hockey didn't have a single case nice finish. Our um
Yes, they are there. Yeah, they are. All right. I was
25.
All right. Good
talk
later.