Uh huh uh huh. Yeah. Good. How's
it going,
Mariners man, I get it. Thank you for calling it though.
Thank you for colonic. Sorry about Diaz. He was great with us man.
yeah, that's totally what it was. It's not about
the stuff, although he we we sold extremely high with that dude. He was he was living a charmed life in our stadium.
Yeah, I saw that. There was there was the house cleaning. Yeah.
Yeah man, we, we fight with some of that too. Like I mean when it was the Nintendo guys, it was a real issue for a long time because those dudes did not care. It was it was a goodwill investment and they had a budget but they were never really going to push in and they had a steady family friendly environment that was making the money and they weren't going to do
anything else.
Yeah. Don't don't rock the
boat.
Yeah. You're doing a corporate good and you've got a
really nice revenue stream from your television contract. Anything else is gravy?
You never know. You know, there's money there. You know, people want to go there. So
it's that's, that's at least more into it. The worst thing you can do is just be boring and lose 70 games at least at least when you all go down. It's an entertaining,
interesting double fire.
Yeah. So I'm in, I'm in Chicago. Um,
married one kid in Chicago now for like seven years.
It's fun man.
It's, it's a really cool environment. It's the only time my wife has ever been interested in going to a baseball
game now.
it's
a 50,000 seat sports bar. It
it's
gotten it's definitely got a little different since the Ricketts have bought in. But it's still, it's still a really fun environment. Most
of the changes have been positive.
But
I mean they also they also knew that they could they could gut a lot of that stadium and kind of build around the peripheries and they they've modernist
everything that they could, they move stuff out, built in clubs and sweet areas where they could, they bought a lot of the rooftops ups, all the rooftops are under one like adjacent corporation that they own. I think it's too independent rooftops left. Um and they got sweetheart deals from the city on a lot of the land around it, brought up the bars and turned it into like a hotel and shopping area,
it is what it is, right. I any
any diehard cubs fan that's really pissed about that now has a really bad short term memory because they could they could put a goddamn of wal mart in the outfield of Safeco field if it got the Mariners of the World Series ring at this point.
Oh yeah, they don't they don't care. Well, you know, they may not, they may not sell out, but they will be at 85% capacity
no matter what.
Yeah, exactly, because it's it's 50% die hards and there's 35% tourists or locals who are either checking off the bucket list or just looking to get drunk in the in the bleachers, which is not without its charm.
this is my this is my fourth uh
you
can
at least build a conversation, man. So this is we're already playing with house money.
there was there was one that was really like pulling teeth, but uh
uh you know, it's easy beer money.
That's uh it's not it's not that difficult.
couple years, but it kind of really picked up. I started looking at it again when, when Covid started because
I had
more time at home and it blasted off. Yeah.
Yeah. I've been just kind of grabbing stuff around the, around the margins, left and right with the surveys and like research, study stuff too.
huh.
It was wild man in like in like March april May. It was one or two a week picking up a extra
couple 100 bucks
it was it was slow for me for about a month. And then I had to this week too.
I think
everything shut him down again.
Yeah. Yeah, I know, Chicago is like right on the verge. My work told us over the weekend, like it's time to start working from home again.
Okay, well your commutes got to be a little easier at least.
I
had,
but
they told us not to come in and then call me monday and told me to come in anyway and yeah, naturally let your guard down for a second.
Uh And it was, it was like that it's definitely turned to hear again. But
yeah, I think that's pretty safe to say.
I mean the
stuff that was going down like in the, in the city of Chicago, there's been so many just like not even just like the mass gathering stuff like we saw here over the weekend, but like when the restaurants and bars first opened up again, like all the patios were full and you could drive by and they were, it looked it looked no different than a normal summer in Chicago.
Yeah. I'm, I'm lucky we've got a nice, um, we got a nice couple room slash E Stores
by us that well either do the curbside or they were even doing delivery for a little bit.
Yeah it was that was that was super nice for a minute.
Yeah but when they were when they were first testing it they did for like the first month. Okay
that's great
one. But
but it's gonna be weird. A lot of stuff is already closing here.
Yeah we did we did that. We did that too. We um I think we had
four of them so we'll see what we roll back to if and when we roll back
there there's there's a lot of back and forth because they know if they if they push this back on some things they just know some things are never gonna reopen.
that's a that's another,
yeah they got a they got a checklist of things to figure out Washington at this point.
But
I mean congress congressman doing anything at this point. I know
until
after this shakes down. Yeah.
If there's an inauguration but they
made they made that decision to get the Supreme Court justice through and hold the leverage on whoever is in place
for
the next budget.
Yeah. I mean it's gonna be I have yet to see anything in any motion or any filing that would hold merit under any other
president in
protest.
It is is some weak ass game up to this point.
And some of it I think is tactical. They're buying time. This is no different than like the trump organization, traditional litigation strategy which is to tie things up and
very
people that wouldn't work.
until until the next inauguration and then he can announce to run again.
And then I got four more years of it. I definitely could see that happening.
Well a week ago, I would have told you that this was a very clear off ramp for everybody in that party who wanted to finally get away.
And
so far that hasn't happened
now.
It may be because they're playing ball and they want those donations to come in because they need that money for the
Georgia senate race. It's very possible the major super pac that gets most of those donations to split 50 50 between the GOP and the trump. Uh huh.
What one of my friends was was fucking with me and signed like all he signed all of us up to get those emails.
So
Yeah. Well, I mean at least give gmail credit where it's due to my spam. But I can I can go in the spam and just see it's dozens of right
now. It's like six a day. It's it's as much as it was like the week in the run up to the election and
they are they are swinging for that money.
Yeah, I am hopeful and cautiously optimistic. That is not the slow motion plane crash that this, this could potentially turn out to be. But I mean even even like the benefit of the doubt best case scenario situation that they're just pretending to try and circumvent the way elections are run to try and raise money. It is pretty bad man.
Like
taking it in the best possible light is still not great.
Well, you know, we'll see at some point the rubber is going to meet the road like this. This cannot continue.
I think if we get to this, if we get to this weekend, it's going to start. It has to start.
and
it
at at this point it is already like doing doing a government transition um is a lot of work. I moved to Chicago
from D. C. I was not in politics but I had a lot of friends who were and the work that goes in to that like
two month time period is it's impossible in a normal scenario is going to be even more impossible given what they are inheriting.
And how much of the administrative state has kind of been torched in a tactical matter
of,
Yeah. And and as I understand it, some of the planning in advance because they had a transition team that was working before the election happened. Um This previous administration did not and did not have anything going until almost a month after. And that was part of the reason they had so many issues at the start for what
they were behind the eight ball on that. And this is kind of they're they're doing to them what they did to themselves in in that regard. But
they're they're still shadow planning as
much as they can, but they don't have, they can't have access to any of the government agencies like to actually go in and start assessing and talking to the people and figuring out transition plans within those agencies until the government recognizes that there's been
decision.
yep it's wild man, it helps stuff
so
I
don't
I don't know.
it is crazy telling stories and left for the rest of our lives.
Well I mean there are there are a lot of people still on board too.
But
it's um it's a
it's a hell of a theory they've concocted.
It was really stressful.
it wasn't until the weekend that I kind of relaxed a little bit and now I kind of feel stressed out about it again.
Yeah, that's that was that was really poor on his part, but it's hard for the course.
I mean Pompeo still thinks that he's got a future, like, like he's got he's got eyes to run himself.
I don't I don't I have yet to see anybody who tries to do trump's stick on on their own. Like it doesn't work without him.
It's all, it's all like pour warmed over, reheated version of the the lines and the jokes and the attacks and it just kind of comes off as mean and tone deaf. I mean trump mostly does the same thing to me too, but it hits with his people for whatever reason,
what work
to do.
Yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna
be interesting
to see what happens
to all those people in that inner circle. It's hard for me to believe that they
are
going
but what that looks like is your guess is as good as mine. Yeah, once you get, once you get that taste, it's most, most people want to come back for more.
and then I don't think I like trump Jr, Ivanka are getting elected in new york anytime soon.
Yeah, I saw something about like maybe trump JR moves to Montana,
but
florida, florida's florida's another option to they got mara lago.
Right, mm hmm.
It's nice to have those kind of exit options.
enough, I don't really have.
so
you're
experiencing,
yeah, we're gonna say they say on their $14 cats.
that was that was the awkward conversation I had. That was trump. JR was the last guy.
All
That seems dangerous.
Yeah. That's good. That's all it's born, born there and then it makes its way to facebook to get forwarded around.
Yeah. It's uh it's going to be interesting to see what happens there. I think I think that push back is going to come if there is a biden administration.
It just so happens. I got their advertising bread and butter from the GOP for
The accurate
Should be interesting off season.
How many more years do you have a Kano now?
He
was
last year. Right.
Yeah. That doesn't hurt. He's not cooked though. He can he can totally still fly.
You're gonna you're gonna get value with the rest of that contract and people are still gonna hit it because he was so bad when he first came over.
I mean if you're paying 30 year and you're getting 18 or 20 million value like it could be a lot worse.
Yeah. So if you can if you can stay healthy and keep contributing like that ain't that ain't that bad.
I mean I look at the Angels still have are paying 25 year for people still.
that's fair. That's fair.
Which
between the angels and the right now as we always have albatross contracts all over the west.
Yeah. The rangers, the rangers just had it ethnic disaster of a season.
They signed bad contracts because they felt they needed to make splash signings to put butts in seats. There were no buts
to put in states
and the
and
the gun.
Yeah. He had, he had, he cast in,
Yeah. It's like the new brady Anderson only less sideburns
totally. And they, it's weird. It seems like it wasn't that long ago that they were in the playoffs and then they just completely tanked. I say that because we have not been in the everybody. It seems like it's not that long ago since you've been in the playoffs when you're married because a
blue
one on.
turns
out it's a little harder.
I figured we were going to finish ninth out of the teams in the west and we finished step. So it was, it was dead on.
I thought they were going to shut it down to, um, it wasn't, it wasn't pretty and they should have bubbled up. They got, they dodged a lot of bullets.
The playoffs.
Yeah, that would have made sense. I thought the spring training sites was an interesting idea, but for the fact that florida was blown up with cases.
Uh when you look at Orlando in Orlando ended up working.
Edmonton probably helps, but hockey players are a different breed, too.
We're
at 25 men.
Good
talkative.