Okay. Look. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm.
Okay. How are you?
Yeah.
Mm.
Good.
Oh, that's, so for me, I heard you said 9:00 is like for me to o'clock,
I wasn't here like the west coast. Yeah. Yeah. Which I actually don't remember job geography as well, so Georgia and close to the south as in the south. Okay.
I actually used to be good at geography, but then like I got middle school and they stopped teaching geography and yeah.
that would be honest. I don't even, I'm not sure what was going on, but like we're every
week
or maybe
more than
that
in the old school. I was like this class, it was an elective sob
story
class. And we kind of just, um, did perhaps like that's like, I don't even know how I ended up there or I'm not really sure we were civil to learn like maps. I'm not,
we'll
probably were.
I graduated college.
Well,
what's your?
would have been a partner, but I decided to take summer classes. Yeah.
To be honest, it's kind of like, I feel like something to us. It's worth like they were hurt, but they were more stressful.
Might make maybe. Well, it's because like
you're so last during that time and you're like, and then you take summer classes and you have to wake up early and like the professors are also tour because summer and they have like, this is like the one thing they have to do, right?
Yeah.
I
I'm told, well, I was a political science major. I keep forgetting that I graduated because I'm currently an intern. And everyone else, all the other interns are college students. Like, I think while my superior is like, like, well, she's like most of my age, what you like freshman? She's like a sophomore, which in our college and I'm surrounded by all these college age people that it's like hard to feel like a grown up because I haven't really been with any grown ups. Yeah.
No.
I don't. I recently learned the Dove Cameron might be 26, She might be 24, but she's older than I thought. Well, I was like, she's, she has
such a baby face and she's older than I am.
Yeah, I mean what? But you know, still like, you don't expect like this Disney child. Mhm. Because she wasn't decided. Not that one. There are B um uh Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
No.
No, I started like whole as a biochemist. Remember
what? Yeah, like a lot of like nice major, like they started the sides that are like, well the fuck this is awful.
Hello? And I think like I remember like this one time professor like oh my God you guys like he's just like Most, most of the last 15% he was so proud like sir we all failed
well
and like this is like one of the highest grades of like I got 40 to go.
Well 68 is good in the science. Thanks
and
like a like political finance, I feel like Well the average grade was in 85 which compared to like the average the score of
like
50 just like, you
know.
that's a reaction. This is a reflection. Yeah, but I don't english but like I didn't take that much english classes you know, I feel like I wish I'd taken more, I took this one english class where all we
read was Jackal and Hyde.
This is
that
that was it's a short book too.
well I am the quarter with them which is some weeks what's up?
Thanks. Mhm.
I think less
and or
it's like my bookshelf uh remember uh
but yeah I was very short I had to write like three essays about it and every topic had to be original. Yeah.
What?
think like the first book, I mean the first essay were was like fatherhood, Jackal and Hyde is about parenthood, you can argue that
Yeah the second book, I mean that's why I keep saying book, I don't know the second moment about I think other than because other someone was my favorite character and I was like he was like uh I was like Anderson is actually the main character Jackson. That was that was the entire Essick.
and it has,
I have not idea what I wrote for the third essay, I think like that was like mhm I don't even remember.
Yeah, but frequently I read warm where like they argued about like Jacqueline high being queer lizard, which yes, yes, you cannot get up and like they use jackal and high to argue their queens. But I look Anderson could like, I think
like I'm like, well if you feel that we're obsessed with others in like the book for some reason, Jacqueline high, but the book is like all about Anderson,
I just clearly
what
this I shall clearly in love with the jackal.
Yeah. And you know like there's like this like thing that they never mentioned
that they did when while they were in college and roommates that they're kind of like they're like, oh we're growing up now, we don't do that.
what was the 3rd guy? Latin Latte.
Yeah. Yeah. It was also during the night but like he got married you know they didn't the other two didn't get married one like they were forever bachelors. Which is you know.
I want that was like who was the other sense cousin? It doesn't know.
I'm gonna keep like argue about it because like you know his cousin who's
a bachelor, they don't have anything common but they always hang out. They don't
I think I don't think like they I don't like I think they like each other very much like as family and maybe because like they're both were and like they relate to each other but they also like they have nothing in common age wise, job wise if no one thinks like they will they know each other.
But in no yeah actually reasonably got three abscess with like the Gothic fiction's of that area, frankly size. Who was also which,
Yeah. Are you next? That's
Could that yeah. I think I think dracula was related because I remember there was this party that mary Shelley went to. We're like they took drugs and Lord Byron wrote uh whatever he wrote
vampire.
It's
because I've been like my on reading both criminal and the paper I said I've been lying on the vampire
and Carmela.
You know I should drink them.
I think it's like survival how good it is. And especially like when you like like the ones like the monster is giving his speech is like so a necessarily eloquent.
like he's like really into Milton's Paradise Lost. Like it was like that was like such a ridiculously like he makes me almost want to read like Milton's Paradise lost even though it's like,
is that
is it long though? Because I feel like a long
That's true.
you ever seen the show Lucifer? I haven't lost like the latest season. I
was like, It's like kind of funny how one we're not trying how like every time like um something wrong, however like, oh my God, it's dad, he's like half like, you know, while I'm there, I was like, oh my God, that is stressing me. Like sometimes like your issues are your own issues. Like they never like, oh my bad, my fault.
No,
but that
makes sense.
Mhm. That's it. They gave me on a very broad, which is our like mary Tyler, let's go back. I recently watched and bought and read good omens
Yeah. Have you seen like a tv show is like
it has a,
I think Michael something
My foot
Mhm yeah,
yep
Look, I recently read like an interview with Jon hamm who was in as Gabriel, I really like um actually we'll serve up like there it was like, hey you wanna be the angel Gabriel and Jon hamm is like basically yes ham
j hamm just like which everyone's healthy sign his name. Just him which I
think is very
hot.
that is true because like you know what I was like okay from stamps like ridiculously funny and then it's like there are the book out of like oh he's not it and I think not above is also barely in it. I
was in it but like a lot less than he was in the ship. She was in the show. I love how I guess gender.
Yeah like the world
is ending but plus with suffers.
Yeah. It's like kind of funny because like they knew the world was ending like 10 years ago, 11 years ago and then the
Mhm. The week of they're like, oh shit what should we do something about it?
It's it's like well and like the sequence were like, there was like this thing where like the bible translations and was like the guy was basically as if people did you give away the sword as a like straight up lied but therefore should have been the one who felt like how could you not about? I don't like he's like
I guess like as he was with the right crowd. Well he did all this shit well.
no. To be honest I have
been meaning to read this. I have a long reading list that
I had started.
I've been meaning to read the salmon and american gods but every time I see how many all this acute
well do
yeah I'm gonna write this down. I always have like a Benz and favors around me.
No.
which
book?
True.
Why not? I heard the boot.
how is it built?
She?
june
You know like what was like the weirdest thing I have in my reading list. I probably
a second because like I have like I said I write like a
bunch of books that I like. You know what really
hi particles find work but but uh the theory is to let the rise of follow up. Bye. Leo Strauss.
Yeah I don't think we will
like go out and out their way and read how, how the military's um start.
Like what's the problem? People are like one of like the favorite, well not favorite because he's a nazi. He's a nazi and and not very apologetic about it. Like in fact he said what it was like why are you going to do a kind of like Kaltschmitt?
Uh he's able to go scientists and he basically like you know what? He was a legal scar too. He was liking and what it is legal to be nazis. It is legal to be dictators and I'll do it. No. And the worst part is like, like when you read his work you're like oh my God
this
this
asshole makes sense because like he's like oh dictators, they're like better it's better to be in like a dictatorship than it is to be like a democracy. I like the cigarette on the account of morality when you read it and we're like
he has a point and he has a racist boy.
Yeah, I mean like when it comes to race, like ignore her because
yeah, I'm like um my refreshment, like give the game one of the best introduction. Like like okay before we read this guy remember this is a Nazi, this is an awful guy. This he's evil.
But
actually
what do you know like there's a certain groups, he hates more clear.
Just have you ever heard of like, you're like
this uh tv show called Murdoch Murdoch mysteries. Canadian.
There's like this episode where HP love craft is on it. It was very difficult because he was a teenager, he was accused of murder and like he didn't do the murder, he just kind of the dead girl's like that you just like just kept coming back and painting current because he wanted
to see her the K and I was like, he probably did it.
like murder mystery had like the like decided to do a bunch of like historical figures. Have you heard of an of green Gables? Then you have like um they had like the author of dream gable uh
lucy maud Montag which apparently like very famous Canadian woman who is like, you know, especially from where she is from like an island of like, like the Cyprus Edward. Just Yeah and like they have her take lessons from writing lessons because she took riding lessons and english classes because you know of course she did what they had the teacher be one of the main cast and they had her half romance within Yes,
as I like we know that didn't have because they like we know we have but you know we want her to have a nice day because she tragically had that very lonely life because apparently not all people living that islands of Island Prince Edward at the time and she had to take care of her like sick grandmother or whatever when she got old and she was batman which like it's funny what they also had african Doyle.
Yes, they had him as like himself and they also had someone play Sherlock Holmes if
it
they actually did him like two beers of this like that before like
he started taking charlotte combs and then like he came back later and he was like more anti Sherlock Holmes and then like because like then he meant like the guy pretend dress up a Sherlock Holmes who was like just a crazy fan of war,
you know?
nope.
yeah, it was like so funny, you know, like their action is like, of like, you know him like killing charlotte, I was like don't do it, the house had another group and so I was like, I don't want right Sherlock Holmes, they will and
then what else is like, no, you have to
or else no, he believed in Perry's okay.
Arthur candle, like he famously
believed in fairies. What?
it's like, it's like funny, like um he wrote like the most like, you know, rational character depicted like, and then he's a guy who believes in fairies and ghosts and regularly falls to hoax, like have you ever like heard of the movie Enola Holmes? Uh apparently like the Arthur Canon Doyle family wants to see you too.
yeah, apparently like they did it before and like every time trouble comes is not an asshole, they're like,
Work
that's nice, right?
I think so. Yeah. What was I thinking?
I love that too. Well, I guess how can I say? I don't know how to close this
uh what's behind?