Thanks.
Good, are you? Yeah.
Yeah.
5:00
so.
Its five year different time zones and all that in Georgia, so
yeah, it's right. In florida. Yeah.
I was terrible at korean middle school, so I'm still bad. Okay.
none of these
things,
but
I'm
being directed.
It's
not
You
keep
using, it's useful. It's I guess we'll agree level of year now.
Yeah, I'm
still still stuck in it.
Junior's third year. Yeah. Yeah.
sure there are related,
because it's just not accustomed to taking classes at the time of the year.
That's
I might end up taking a class at the summer this year. Fine. Uh
read some Shakespeare philosophy on the tape.
I'm your okay.
It's weird like all my teachers, like you guys are growing up so now it's like I'm gonna feel like you grow up
like I'm in middle school still crazy. It's fun though. Yeah.
You,
mm hmm. What's wrong Children me to calabar only 20 years old.
it's your
political science major role with her.
I was a nursing science.
Oh my God, this is so hard. I don't want to do this.
We
all got, it's not accomplishment.
That was that was always hilarious to me. It's like first test, it's like class averages 68, which is great, and I'm like, that's not great at all.
literally
Anatomy, It's like, it's a good grade, but it's like all better. Mhm.
Thank
you.
That's
what I changed to English. Like it was crazy because it was like, we got the first test, I was like, all right. The average like 70, Oh my God. She's like so the test is an 88 which is great but I think we can get that off a bit and I was like okay. Yeah.
Me.
I love that book. It's so good.
Wait
that's red though.
yeah. It's really short. Like it's not I don't know how all semester just about that one book.
That's a long time for like I think it's only got like 139
my God.
Yeah. It could be last to I don't
book shop right now. All right. That somebody. Mhm.
Yeah.
I don't know that I could write like three progressive essays that just advance. I don't know about three like different topics every time. There's only so much you can talk about such a sort of look which didn't very like it has a lot to talk about, but it's like
short running material eventually. Okay.
I mean you can argue anything. You governor proof.
I mean that's a pretty good essay topic. Mhm
drink.
What? I don't even remember.
because
It's
like
it's such a good book.
what? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, definitely.
And
yeah, it's very much like the Sappho inter front dynamic of literature books or it's like this is Sappho Winter Friend. Oh.
Well a lot I think placement or something like that.
Others understandably linen. Yeah, ridiculous.
No.
no.
exactly. Which I feel like it touches a lot of like the quintessential britishness of the novel. Like I don't really like this person. I'm going to hang out with them anyway. Yeah, it's really plus I love it.
No, it's hilarious.
because yeah, Frankenstein was written in there all written in the same like the 1800 franchise written 18 18 dr Jekyll mr Hyde was written in 18 85 and then draft written in Once in 1898.
I have a fancy dracula burke.
Lord Byron, I think Lord Byron, I can remember here, The Vampire or if you wrote Carmilla.
Yeah, he wrote the Vampire and the Vampire Vampire is so funny because
it's just end so abruptly
The public
They're so good.
So be it frank I love for like like my favorite book ever. It's so good.
Exactly. Yeah. I love it because it's like you go into it it's like I know Frankenstein, it's Frankenstein's monster is a blundering monster an idiot. Then you go in and it's like you waxes and wanes for like four pages and it's like this is really good.
It's so real.
Oh it's ridiculously good,
it's reasonably long. But it's also just like it's if you look at it in the right way, it's almost comedic because like obviously like oh it's our protagonist satan which is not a sentence you get to say very often in a literature class. It's
like it's like satan is such like a whiny little life bitch the whole time. And it's so funny how?
So.
My bad. Sorry about that. Yeah Lucifer was based partially on Paradise Lost or at least the depiction of his because in the original comics based off of it, like they make a bunch of references to Paradise lost and
just talk about what happened in the book.
It's
so funny.
It's so good.
Yeah, with David Tennant and
the guy,
I
just looked up, it's got like eight monitors. Uh Oh man,
Yeah. Oh,
Michael Sheen. Yeah, that's what it is.
thank you.
you
remember
the message? I saw early internet and I was like yes, and that's it, which is interesting because like no, no game and john hammer, like super close friends and he contacted him, he's like, do you want to be in, he's like, will I be Gabriel? He's like give it was not in the book. Yeah
there,
the focus is a lot more on credibly at a zero fell just being like buddies instead of like the plot.
What
juan Yeah, I love it. It's so funny.
Think about it.
Peak procrastination. I love it.
it's like is it means a lot in the book and it's like it's in the fall, they live with their own group. Really. Mm
it's been a year and you're on your game is books. Mhm.
Treatment.
I
Oh yeah, we just clean too
great. Read the good book. It's so good guards
and the same men are also just so good. You'll give me such a good writer.
Oh yeah, I have like 1000 sticking out surrounded at all times.
But yeah, I've been trying to read Dune again. But
dude,
my
friend Junior, it's
it's about this like it's mainly like it's kind of coming to you about politics a bunch. Yes they go to this foreign planet and they're like trading spices and stuff. But the only reason I like it so much is because it's like you know like desert planets in the space is always a giant worms or sand. It's always directly from you and I love it.
D.
U. N. E. Do. Mhm
How about you now? Yeah frank Herbert's june. It's good but it's so hard to read. Yeah. Yeah.
Holy shit
and
what we need is just like yeah.
yeah I think I've heard of, I don't remember Reddit
you.
No.
think
I
don't
want to go.
correct.
Yeah. He's very racist. Part that is incorrect but he does have a point. Yeah.
Yeah you always have to look at stuff like that like a very specific lens of like okay.
that's the same. Uh H. P. Lovecraft stuff is ridiculously racist and
it shows
dramatically in these books but it's always like defended as H. P. Lovecraft is not racist. H. P. Lovecraft hates everyone equally.
It's not even that H. P. Lovecraft is not a people person. It's like there are really awful depictions of like people of color but also all of the white people in his novels or absolute garbage people. Mhm.
Women.
Yeah. I have heard of it but I haven't watched it.
Reports.
it's hilarious stuff. It's like because he had such a messed up childhood but like you can kind of see it in his writing, like all this, like it's so macabre and strange.
it's
my God.
Oh, I love surfing current oil,
love,
I love Sir Arthur, Conan Doyle for the pure reason if he absolutely despised Sherlock Holmes
All
it's so funny, you
can find like letters that he's written, like he's received because in the rocking back for, which is like the third Sherlock Holmes book famously commits suicide and like
Doyle caught so much shit, like the queen sent him a letter demanding that he bring him back to life because he was a beloved british character.
I do
have to do it. Yeah, it's so funny.
you got it. Okay,
true.
was a strange individual. Yeah.
I want to because there's a whole thing where the later editions of Sherlock Holmes that they do own the copyright on because first like I think five books don't have copyrights on, so they're like free, you can use them for free. And in those books, Sherlock Holmes is just an emotionless wall of you. Just a brand without any emotions. And then in the later, but she kind of develops emotions so they're trying to see them because 100 cattle, Sherlock Holmes, his emotions.
Yeah. Sue you. Which
is hilarious because that's the entire reason for the current oil didn't like it because it was such a massive asshole. Yeah. The fairies thing reminds me about Edgar Rice Burroughs who wrote like Tarzan like the original Tarzan novels, he was like crazy and he believed all like the fairies exist and there's cat people in the jungle like in the first time that we cannot see any of that. It's just like it's Tarzan as you would expect. And then like there's like 30 you think he's 30 ish Tarzan novels he's written and they just get progressively weirder and and weirder and worse and worse and worse. It's so funny. Yeah.
We have a better time.
All right. I love talking about let's talk about something.
I think last time I did it you just close it so.