Oh. Mhm. What? Yeah. Right, differently. Mhm. Oh sorry about that, how's it going?
Good, good. So where you
In aspen or
Denver?
I'm in new york city right now.
It's
getting a little better.
Um I'm excited to
say that
you
know cases there have been no new hospitalizations in the past few days,
which is great
At the same time I'm sure there's a lot of covid cases but a lot of people are just staying at home and trying to wait up um and there hasn't been really any violent protests
going on lately, which has been
great thing,
but I'm hearing
it's been happening a lot in other parts of the country like Oregon, I
had
with someone from this better labs conversation and she was like yeah it's really bad here in Oregon Portland, so I don't know how it's like in colorado. Yeah.
it's
2020
I mean what else can we add to it?
I'm not I thought
it was just California. I thought I thought
it was just
California that was
having a lot of fire issues.
No.
I finished
the first
thing.
I'm sorry to hear
that, wow.
I think probably just jogging around the park. I feel like that's the only time where I'm actually feeling that I'm
out
there
and
able to think
here, my thoughts
and just be by
myself
and
actually appreciate it. And it's so different like
working
from home
since february,
which
was the start of the
covid I think. And I'm feeling like I was stuck in like in prison, like I was scared to go outside and like go to the grocery store because like I just didn't know what to expect, but like 56 months later I'm like, you know what, I'm gonna go run outside and just enjoy nature
and see what's out
there.
Um It's
kind of crazy like seeing
like there's
so many people like
congregated
in the park like barbecuing and just hang out like the cook, it never happened. Um But it's just funny saying that, but
you know, I just I think that's what really makes me happy for now at least since we can't travel
or
you know if we do see our friends,
it has to be like
less
than less than 10 people and share to social distance guidelines.
But it's been tough. I haven't really seen any of my friends
lately, like I think only through facetime or zoom but
it's not the same
Like how are you keeping yourself happy,
What
At least you're trying new things, which is a great thing.
Happy you tried meditating?
I tried doing it
once last week um and helped a little bit, but I just forgotten to do it there.
I
just on Youtube
just on you. Yeah.
No,
so
it's really
basic
things that
it's
called,
it's called insight timer inside
like inside
okay. I'm definitely going to download that just because I think I needed more in my life. I'm just finding every little thing to make, make me feel a little normal like without eating too much like oversleeping and staying in bed. So
like I'm trying to find hobbies like I don't like I'm thinking of like
joining like
like a virtual group where we just like talk about
I don't
know, like a like you know like those book clubs, like I'm trying to like look into something like that, like find a book where I can talk about with other people, like what I thought, you know, this meant, how I felt about it. Um And you know, I think the whole running thing, like, I wasn't ever a big runner before I am now, but I feel like I just get used to it running five miles, like almost every day, like the first I was like, I'm in so much pain, like I don't even know what I'm doing. But you know, you'd be surprised everybody you really get used to it and you feel a lot better, like you look forward to each day and like looking forward to running. It becomes almost like an addiction.
I like to read comedy.
I've been reading a lot of David Sedaris. I don't know if you've ever
heard
of
it
and
from the stories he
has like what has, what is going on in your life and I just realized that his sister is Amy Sedaris as that and I I didn't put two and two together and it's
often
is that
the show
that
she is starring in?
I've
never I've never I've never seen that show, but I remember seeing her show, I'm strangers with Candy on Comedy Central.
She's
like the 40 40 going on 16 or something hilarious. But um yeah, I definitely like comedy books. Um maybe like some mystery here and there, but now I like reading things that kind of lighten the mood. Um So like David Sedaris actually had a book from Amy Schumer. I don't remember which one it was. I gotta look for that. And I read a little bit of Chelsea handler. Dear
this vodka or something like that. It was it was okay but I definitely need to start reading more though. I know.
And
you
like
it?
it's
being
by currency living through them. That's so funny.
How's how's your do you have to stay at home order and colorado?
that's
it.
I can imagine that. I can imagine that you're being really cautious to it seeing other people if you're taking care of someone that all.
are
you working from
home
too
or are you working
Are you are you lucky
for like part time or like temporary?
I think there's like a lot of like data you know data um when you put in data what is it called? Data
data entry, I can't even though they don't entry, I'm sure there's a lot of opportunities out there and like, have you heard of amazon turk
the
survey?
you should
sign up for it. I think there's a lot of good payouts if you find the right surveys in there. But
yeah, but you're working from home so I mean your remote and home. So I feel like there's a lot of things out there that you can do.
I worked for in a hospital system in new york city, I'm a senior project manager there. Um I'm kind of focused on increasing access to care for patients. Uh but
at the start
of
Covid, I was kind of project leading the whole Covid 19 fairness initiative because we've never done this. So it was super stressful for I want to say like the first three months of when that happened because like we we were just all working off of like the unknown and kind of going off dan. Like it's scary like when you see like people like department heads like freaking out and not knowing what to do. It's like people, your people are looking to you for
that
serenity and I come this and if you're not showing that it's like you shouldn't be in that position that you're in a power. I remember like one time like one of the employees tested positive for Covid and my ceo reached out to me and it was like chris like can you call the VP if so and so so I call her and she's like, I don't know what to do. I'm like it's your job. Like she she's like environmental health. I'm like, it's your job for a team to like wipe it down where that employee was just like I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do. And it freaked me out because it's kind of like I don't know what to do because I'm like way below your pay grade. So I'm kind of trying to be calm and just trying to help her out. And this went on with so many department heads throughout the organization. Like people are just like this is so much like like are we going to get through this? I'm like we're gonna get through this, it's just gonna take some time. Um It's kind of quiet down since the the number of cases or hospitalizations have stabilized and you know we have enough resources to handle like the patients that we are currently coming in. Um But at the same time it's it's gonna get intense again because there's a lot of discussions that there might be another surge in september or in the fall sometimes well, um but you know, we're kind of hoping for the best and we kind of know what to do now, you know, considering like all the PP materials, making sure that we have in 95 masks for our clinicians um and we have the always option now that people staff can work remote. Um but it's kind of, it's kind of a big change because a lot of step for now working remote don't want to come back in and productivity has been going down. So, you know, leadership, estimate the decision. Like, do we have them come back for some days or or if they don't want to come back, do they just quit? So it's been a crazy time for my job, right?
it's
not, I'm telling you that running like help me out a great deal. Like I was working from like eight a.m. To like 10 PM every night, seven days a week. I'm not doing that anymore,
but it's like I have to
like
go on that
run after like a long day at work and just unwind,
just
prepare for the next
day.
But
I don't know, it's
time but it's kind of exciting now. Yeah.
Yeah.
no.
I think people are just bored if you have time
on their hands and they get a little crazy and believe everything more than usual that is. Yeah. What
do you think about the whole presidential election coming up
and
me
too?
Um I mean I'm I'm hoping that
joe biden and Kamala Harris win um
but at the same time I'm concerned with, you know, there's been speculation that joe biden might have dementia and he's like, what, 80 something years old? And with Kamala Kamala Harris, you know, there has also been speculation that she's very power hungry and you know, like she she was a prosecutor,
so she's very strict on, you know, laws and you know, police police force. So like I just
don't
know
what's going to happen. Like what's the what's the better or what's the better of the greater evils between her
and trump? I mean, I know it seems like trump is this horrible person that you know, nothing good is coming out of it, but like I'm really hoping
and optimistic
that Kamala Harris is going to bring something different good to the table without
constant thinking about herself. Does that make sense? Um
I mean, I'm hopeful like if, you know, the Ukraine or Russia doesn't interfere with the elections and this whole voter suppression with taking out the USPS, like what is going on in the world. Um, you know, I'm just optimistic that, you know, good things are going to come out of it. Um, I don't know if trump is truly the racist that you know, he puts himself out to be there. I don't know if this is a front
to use to his advantage to divide the american people because you know, there are a lot of people out there who are uneducated,
you know, who are poor, who all I think of things one
way
and those are his supporters and he's going to do whatever it takes to get their vote next presidential election, regardless of how he truly feels. Deep inside. I'm sure he has, you know, he has views on people of different races. Um but I don't know,
like
I
I feel like there's so much focus on the bad things he's done. I'm
a democrat by the way, I'm just I'm just trying to think
about
seeing things in different, different lights because
a lot of my friends
who are also democrats, very liberal, they only see things in one way. Republicans are bad, democrats are good, I'm like, well, you need to look at it like, what are their views, like, what's making bad, like
for the
democrats
are pushing
their views
like,
is
it feasible to
implement?
Like is a
universal
healthcare
feasible to implement? Like working
in
health care? I know
it's not,
I mean, I think it's a great idea, but it's not feasible to do this at this time because
there's not
enough
resources.
Capitalism.
I
agree. There's too much military and police spending and you know, that needs to be diverted to like social programs, health care, the education system, Betsy DeVos don't
even get me started.
Um But yeah, you're right about like how universal healthcare work apparently works in other countries. Um but they also have different patient populations, I
mean a lot of which driving up health care costs are
people who have chronic illnesses and these are people mostly in the south. These are people who with diabetes, heart disease, things like that and it's so expensive for them to be admitted these hospitals and a lot of these people are poor and you know, like this is all coming from like Medicaid, Medicare, Medicaid and Medicare and I think I just think that America just can't do this with our given population with are given resources. And when I say resources, I'm talking about primary care physicians, um we need to change, look at me like giving a presentation I guess I guess I'm just like,
sorry,
I'm just a little um
passionate
about that. I think we
need
to change the culture that
all patients
should be seen more by like nurse practitioners, physician assistants. You know, people who have licenses to, you know, put in prescriptions for patients who are able to see patients. And a lot of people in medical school when they go into residency, they
don't want, they
mostly want to specialties because it's more money. And if we incentivize these medical students to go into primary care, we need to pay them more. Primary care is the lowest paid, lowest paid um type of physician, but they're the most important
because they're the ones who navigate coordinate
for the for
the patients. And
you know, if
we
if we
incentivize
that we
increase
more
primary
care
physicians meaning that
you know, it's more likely that we can do universal health care and make it workable for our country. Uh huh. I don't know. I don't I don't know if you totally disagree with me.
Thank
you.
There's a lot of moving
pieces with everything. How how has had kids been going back to school in colorado?
The political
I mean I'm I'm scared because I feel like it all it takes is one positive case to infect everyone in the whole class has to get quarantine. Um I don't know like I feel like there needs to be a vaccine, a vaccine available before. You know, we even consider that. I think my concern is also like schools like raising tuition prices, like virtual education, not the same as in person education. I'm sorry, like that's true. It's it's the truth and like I'm hearing that happening like in a lot of universities that they're raising tuition and like what are you guys doing?
You can't do that. Um
I'm like,
I'm
like paying
off my student loan.
So like,
you know, I always
like get a little
annoyed
when I hear about
like tuition
prices
going up, but I just heard that the federal government is going to push back the whole defer the student loans interest at the end of the year. So I'm pretty happy, I'm happy about that. Like my goal is just to like save a lot and put into like an account, savings account that accrues interest and then once um interest starts accruing on my student loan, I can just apply it,
try to pay it off because yeah, it's speed alone is is crippling. I don't know if you've ever had to experience that.
I'm
sorry to hear that.
now.
I
know
it's
it's crazy. I mean for me like I think school is just a piece of paper to say like, hey you got an education, you know, you you qualify for this and that. I honestly think it's just the grit and the person is to drive its whatever they want to do and they just build off on that. I think that's all that matters. Like I did, I got my
degree
and completely
something different from health care. So and like I moved to new york about like 10 years ago, I'm working in retail. Like I yeah, I was, I was like, you know, I'm gonna work in retail and I got to figure out what I want to do. You know, went to healthcare, start off like on the bottom like doing office work and then I just build myself up and you know, I think it's all about
working hard so don't ever feel that you have to go back to school, you know like it's not the most important thing out there.
there's never no right way or wrong way to do something. It's it's something that if you believe it then you're going to do it. So you've
got
this
of
I think we hit her 25 minutes but it was a pleasure speaking to you
and and good luck with everything and I hope you find
something
soon. Take
care.
Bye.