good, how are you?
colorado Yeah
or
Collins and now we're north of Denver, Super north. How about you?
Oh well that's where my sister is. Yes.
Getting
a little better,
decided
to stay
then.
That's
great. Uh huh.
What?
It was
first
time.
Yeah I've
heard that
it's pretty chill. There's mostly uh there's been a ton of fires recently so it's been sad and super smoking and I feel like everyone's inside and grumpy and depressed because of that, not just covid now we're like
smoked in
so. Yes
literal fight, not just metaphor. Um
Sorry
get
out.
wonderful.
No
we I'm sure
I think the California ones are way worse
than ours
but we've had at least 1600 acres really close by to us and then it just a new one started yesterday so it's been pretty rough
but
we're used to the constant chaos now. Yes, I'm like just of course that would happen. Um Yeah. How is your, what's keeping you happy in life? Insane.
Get
that
out
there
basically
my thoughts,
You
know, my
father?
Look like
working
from home
and why
would
All
What?
Stop
there.
I
mean
like
for
probably,
that's right.
tile
floor
airplane.
That's
nothing.
Line.
What?
same.
It's not at all. I struggled. Yeah.
Well, I've taken up some weird hobbies right now. I'm doing, I really want to get into running. Like, I feel like I do it. I like do a couch to five K. Program for like two weeks and then I give up and I'm like, I don't really want to get into the, I never get into that space where I'm just like, I'm really comfortable running now. But um, I'm doing, I do yoga a lot. I got into randomly hula hoop dancing and all these wages during quarantine. I abandoned my, I was one of the people that were like sour dough bread, but now my abandoned that there's a lot
of things I've abandoned,
yeah. I'm not just depressed laying in bed. It's all over.
Like that. Yes, I have this insight timer app. I've been meditating every day. Let me show you because I'm proud of myself. Do you do you meditate?
Fight?
Oh yeah. Do you use an app or just
solo
it? Oh
love using, sorry this, I'll sound like a shell here, but I love using insight timer because it's like, it's like 365
total days meditated and it shows me like a streak, so
it motivates
me
to keep going
because I want to keep my streak up as stupid as that is. But um, and then they have like so many guided meditations that really helped me. Like I'm doing that. There's a course that's like this really old Scottish guy with a really relaxing voice, like guiding you through visually stations and I really need all the help I can get to medicines. That's pretty good. I just recommend that if you're
ever
interested.
insight,
insight, yeah, like in sight. Yes.
that stuff,
but
my point,
all
about
yeah, yeah. I want to get into that after the smoke clears. I'm going to take advantage of the warm weather and, and I'm going to go for it, but I really love that virtual book club. I've not thought of that for some reason. There must be some out there. What books do you like to read? Yeah,
mostly coffee.
I
love
Davidson.
Yes, I love
he's my favorite
stories.
Do
you watch Bojack Horseman?
Did
you ever
watch?
Yeah she's she plays a cat on. She's just funny too. I like her. So I ran a random
sign. Go on.
Oh it was Stephen Colbert. I remember that show. That was what's ridiculous. I need
to re watch that.
I know her.
Yeah I read a little bit of everything. I'm reading this amazing sci fi series right now. I can't, I cannot pronounce the same. Um but it's called Three Body Problem and it's like incredible but it's really happy. It's not like comedy that also the opposite, it's pretty intense. Right? Um
Do
you
list?
Yeah, I love it. It's like super philosophical and bizarre and as a lot of like a chinese history, like about the cultural revolution and stuff which I didn't really know about before. So that's really cool. I like historical fiction. So this is kind of historical
science fiction in weird ways sometimes. So that's cool. I've never read anything like that. Um It's like kind of like, I like reading books sometimes where you're like, wow, this person like a literal genius and I'll never reach this middle level. But it's just interesting being in their heads for a little bit.
What?
Yes, exactly. Uh huh.
Well no we have. I don't know. I'm not like I'm not up to date right now because I was avoiding, I know it looks bad but I've been avoiding the news for a little bit, but now we
don't have
a, I think it's like mass mandated. There are, I don't know. I don't know. I've been mostly staying isolated because I've been taking care of my grandma who's like 80 something years old. So I've been like extra careful. So I don't even know what the orders are and my own personal orders was just like singing. But
I do not, I do not want to infect her. So I've been, yeah, super isolated and yeah,
but
are you
working
for?
Yeah, I'm looking for a job right now. I'm looking for a remote work. But yeah, it's been rough as far as that goes, but
I'm
anything, our time would be good, but anything would be, yeah. Yeah.
Data entry.
Yeah. Oh, is that like the mturk?
It's
like prolific type of thing. I have heard of that, but I didn't sign up yet.
I should do that.
Cool. I will.
Yeah. What do you do?
but
the
Discovery?
One
corner,
my God. Yeah. No wonder you need to
message
Horrifying.
I
have
to go,
I want to thank
you.
Not
back then,
bye.
no, this is there.
well, I'm in a lot of you, I'm talking to like essential worker here right now, I'm like well uh it's amazing. Um thank you for doing all that. My God,
it's intense, it's so weird because the very first person I talked to during one of these chat with the stranger Things was this girl from las Vegas who was a very, very heavily hinted she was an anti masker, just like was voicing a lot
and I was like no, and so now I'm like, I wish she maybe that would have blown up, but I wish you would have connected with you just to see just to hear all this, you know what I mean? Like the first hand experience because I feel like I don't know for some reason like on my facebook page there's so many empathetic kind people I know that are voicing so many invalidating strange conspiracy theories are and just like why? It's just really very strange times in America. But
true.
yeah,
I'm
so scared,
I'm
so scared every day. Like if I start thinking about him like I'm going to have a panic attack, jesus. It was like my grandma was watching the democratic national convention that just happened, you know like four days in rows and I was like there were so many amazing speeches and I don't know, I was just, it just made me so profoundly sad that I was like, what if these are like the last dying gasps of decency in America? I don't know. Like in our government and I don't know. I don't know. What do you think that's a hot topic?
Thanks.
Meat.
The fact.
But
I
just
from
The only
in parliament.
Well,
Um
that's fine.
I have a baby.
One
way.
I
don't know
like
I'm
take
it down.
Because
lot of my friends.
Life.
Well
the democrats
are pushing
job.
Is
that
what
what
the
first
one
like
working
train.
It's not
part of it.
The
problem
in both. Yeah. Okay. But every other industrialized country except us uses that universal health care. I feel like so much of our budget goes to the military and so much of our resources are mishandled by both corrupt democrats and republicans. I'm against basically all of them. You know like I don't know, they're like, I just think there's too much self interest, too much, too much corporate corporate
agenda capitalism for
me. That's my problem.
Oh my God. Yes.
People,
that's
time.
What?
Sorry?
No, that's good.
I like
I
can
of that
public.
They
are.
What
heart
purpose?
And
you
know, we
we
need somebody
that
needs
to be
performed
on
that
No, no, that sounds very logical to me. Like you know, you're like, I always will listen to like people like you that are far more expert on the situation than I am not involved in health care, you know? So it's like really I and like I don't want to be a pair of things I've read, you know, and it's like I do think I want an idea in an ideal world for universal health care to be for health care to be a basic human rights at the same time, I know that there's so many logistics and so many so many things like I don't, I have no idea how to consider you know, so I appreciate your perspective and you can
always
been presentation if you want.
A lot of
they were going back to school, they were going to do like a three day on, three day off. My step mom is a special ed teacher and so that's particularly hard for doing virtual work with special ed students, but they just switched it all to virtual. I don't know how long that's gonna last, but CSU I live I live by colorado State University and there's been kind of some uproar because she's just telling kids to come back to school and college students to come back to school and people are kind of upset about it. How do you feel about
school reopenings and stuff? Right.
ridiculous.
Um
I'm
like I'm
like
sweet alone
so like
you know
in overall
going
here,
which
all
Oh yeah that's fine.
No, I I got I was really chronically sick for a while and like I'm just now
functioning
that's alright. But um so I had to drop out of school and like and now right, like I would really love to go back to school but that kind of is a huge deterrent for me because I'm just like, I just would want to be absolutely 100% certain what I'm doing and that I'm not going to waste money, you know? Like so
yeah, it's crazy reading about like in Germany like the cost of the school being like almost nothing compared to us,
like
even
for the really good schools. It's
I
don't
agree.
What about
That's really cool to hear. Thank you. I feel like, yeah, I get into like a deep defeatist mentality, like I have to have a degree in something, you know? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
And
I'm like,
thank
you. Yeah. That
It was
Thank
you.
Thank
you so much,