I can hear you. I can't see you.
Can you hear him? Okay?
I can see me.
It's
black.
Uh huh So black I'm back
okay don't black
I
can hear you
but wait okay all right. Uh huh Okay all right
I mean
well
I
guess
that
will
do
Oh hi Claire. My name is Camille
Not a very common name neither is clear though.
I've known one clear she I used to work with her, she's a hairdresser so
very cool.
Okay it was very good, very productive. I had the day off from work. Um we have to use use up so much time before the end of the year or else we lose it. So I figured I had yesterday off for Veterans Day so I was like I'll take thursday and friday off. So I have been cleaning up my attic and um I stand in my hallway floor and I bought polyurethane. So I've been trying to get a lot done well
on the
way.
I remember
those
days.
No I'm whereabouts do you live? What state?
Oh wow, okay. I'm in massachusetts.
it's
great.
I have
into
Indiana
one.
I have been to indiana once. Um I had a second grade teacher that um I kept in touch with and we became pimples as we grew older and years ago. I don't even know how many years ago. Um It was me um now my ex husband and my four boys, we took a road trip out there. It
because the kids like you asked what I was like, no, she was my second grade teacher and they're like yeah
Indianapolis
actually
need.
it was it was very nice. Um We actually we we stopped and we took the kids to Ohio for the football Hall of Fame so they
were like more interested in that. Yeah.
why? Ohio.
I'll make a note of that.
Well
Oh well It there's a lot of history here. Um I live about 30 minutes south of Boston. Um I'm also near Cape Cod and Plymouth. I like to go to come up, it's really neat. Uh There he said there's a lot of history around here. The weather changes dramatically all the time. Is saying that if you don't like the weather just wait a minute and literally I mean it can be like 40 degrees in the morning and it'll be like 70 degrees in the afternoon. It's like what's going on?
We had we had snow 34". Um the Halloween and then
just last
week
We did we had snow on Halloween and last week it was it was in the 70s for like four or five days it was just crazy. So
who knows?
Each
what?
come
on.
well
we'll take it because I don't want to have to thinking about filling my oil tank again.
Oh um I have oil heat. Uh
Oh okay I have an older home. So
big.
What?
Oh do you heat with gas?
Just
trying
to
bring it on as long as it kept on.
no.
That's
awesome. Congratulations for
Greg
but you can.
me
so what did you major in in college?
What
is that
one
but
how
bad?
No.
what
were you a minor?
I
think.
Oh you want to travel?
but you're
young enough
so
do it
Look
my
we
think
it
needs
to
get to.
Well I've never seen new york city either so don't feel bad I'd like.
Well
like
meat.
it's there's a lot to see I want to see.
Thank
you.
that would be cool.
am an office clerk. I work for the housing authority uh And we deal with state and federal it's mostly elderly disabled and I work in the capital improvements so we work with architects and builders contractors so it's kind of interesting. I'm not dealing so much with we do some work with tenants but it's mostly with building so I've learned a lot.
and it is I mean there's so many kind of engineers mechanical. Um Obviously
they don't
we we have a I keep a white white boy with all of our jobs on it. Um And we just have to keep we keep schedules for the contractors. Um We have to notify tenants when you know the work is being done. We have we have 10ant coordinators that work for us that live in the developments that um they can they help unlocking doors. Um They stay there so nothing gets stolen. They like I said they pass out the notices. We have to keep up files we get audited all the time. So we have to keep every little piece of paper work very beginning of the bid process all the way to the end. So we have all closed out paperwork and everything in between. And we also take care of the payrolls and it's a lot of paperwork.
Yeah. Every email, like everything has to go in there. Mm
All
Because now there's
so
much
calling it well even even so we still have to have a paper trail even though so much is digital.
I do I have four boys. They're
growing,
they're grown now. Um,
they've all the youngest one is actually he's, I'm still in school. He went to college in boston and he would become a physician's assistant. So he did his four years and now he's doing his internship. Said he's been going a different every month. He has a different um, place to go and like he did a pediatric rotation a couple of months ago in this month. He, it's his last week but he's so excited because he's doing neurosurgery and telling me that you be so interested. He said I can't this is what I want to do. I want to watch Parkinson's patients. They um I guess the first he said the first operation they drill into your skull and they put like screws in and they put like a like a like a map. I don't even know how they do it on top of your head. I don't know exactly what he was talking about. But they do this while the patient's awake and I was like are you kidding me? Just say here that. Really? Yeah. And he said well they would they are talking to the doctors and I was like no put me out just put me out. And
then the next
three they literally take off the the skull and cap whatever it's called and they hit points in the brain. I don't know what this does for the parking patients. But
I know. But he's like so into it. I was like, oh my God,
I
no
have.
And then the next, the two middle boys, they were, they were in the marines one for four years, one for five, they were in at the
same time, which I had all gray have um, they came back and they both get their degrees in criminal justice. And the oldest, he went to school for eight years and he graduated with a doctorate in physical therapy. But he still has yet to pass the licensing test from massachusetts. So
he's
just,
well um, it's just the, you know, testing. But he was fine all through high school in college. He made the Dean's list and he was so smart and then he took the first test and he missed it by a couple of points. The next time he took it he missed it by more. So I
think it got work. So he took a break. I mean working, he forces a home now, he takes care of elderly, disabled patients.
He's taking the test in january so my fingers across like please please please
pass
heart.
Good.
no. Oh,
One.
So
you're
eight
months,
You're 18 months apart, wow.
Yeah, all my boys were all like two years apart so they always had something to play with.
I had four older brothers and a younger sister. Yeah.
Use
me
as a kind
of, but you know,
um it was good and she, she was the baby. So my parents baby her so much and I was always so jealous. I was like, hey what what happened to me?
So she, she could do a lot of things before I get to do stuff because she and
she
wait a second. Yeah.
paved the way for you sis.
No, they were,
my oldest brother is 12 years older than me and the next older brother um that's closest to me is five years so they will all they are out and you know, I was just like yeah whatever he
said with, do you have any pets?
Almost
there?
No,
What?
you know what's
And you had her for 14 years?
what's
up?
No. Oh
sorry.
But
oh that's
all.
Oh my gosh,
I have a dog and a cat. Mutli Mutli is my dog, Mutli is eight years old, he's a shepherd, he's big and he can be so stupid. Um but he's molly, he's like he's a big dog, he scares people because he box a lot too. But
all you have to do is say where's your ball? And it's like the ball, I'll go get the ball and then like you're his best friend, like, you
know,
he's fine.
Mhm. I'm sorry,
these are shepherd. His mother mother was a german shepherd and his father was um Alan Watts, so he's got like the black nose, but he's like a like a tan, he's a very pretty dog. And then we have
he is, and then we have a cat when we get the cat to keep motley company, even though I always said, but cats and dogs don't, they don't like each other and they that's a myth. So they said get so we got a kitten and my boys, they're very mentioned to video games and named him donkey kong the cake.
It was like what? He's a cat. I I know okay. His name's donkey kong DK for short and they are best friends, they will lay next to each other, they'll sniff each other and sometimes they'll play like you'll see donkey kong go, rotten pass and then you'll see Mutli chasing them and then you'll see Mutli running and the cat chasing them and it's like why do I never have my camera?
It's
No,
I
never did either. My father was allergic to cats, so this was my very first time with a cat, so.
Yeah, maybe it can change. That's very true.
eventually
felt
up.
No,
that's
No,
but
And
they have
IT,
I
cab.
Your future.
And
Right I've never heard of that. That's pretty amazing what they can
do.
they've come so far it hasn't done anything.
We are yes absolutely.
Tonight I'm gonna sit in front of the tv
and relax.
I am I don't watch a lot of T. V. I like my son has netflix so I'll log on to that and I love watching like crime dramas and how they figure out I'm watching this um it's called My Majella and it's a british. Um And it's really good you know each show they get a little bit more of what crime they're trying to figure out and I'm thinking it's this person and then no it's not that person it could be this. I don't know I just like that.
which I love that name I was like I love that name, that's marcello. I love it.
look
it up,
you'll
get you'll
get hot.
It is
so
I don't even
bother
with regular tv. It's like I don't want to
watch
anything
else,
I'll watch a couple and then I'll get tired so I could have been Oh
I know.
now
you probably do but but
you know find it and you start watching it and and it's like you get hurt but then it's like you watch all the seasons and it's like it was only three seasons now. What am I gonna do? You back to square one?
It
is
like uh
I'm so upset.
It's like more like this, I need more like this. Come on, give me give me something that I am going to like, you know. Yeah.
Uh huh
Number one
25, Yep. I think so awesome.
Thank you so much. Claire was very nice. I wish you luck in all your travels. I hope you get
to go everywhere and see everything
and get
cat.
me. Yes. All right. Thank you.