Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Daddy. Mm Hello Are you able to see and hear me?
Oh okay. Uh let me see
I can hear and see you. And do you have the tab open with your image? Are able to see yourself? Yeah.
Okay. And then is my
whole area just like gray?
What darn? Okay. Maybe try clicking refresh at the top
mm Are you able to hear me again?
Okay. Maybe if we go back to the last tab and try re quickly closing this and
then clicking the link again.
Sure. All right, so I'm gonna exit this and hopefully see you soon.
Any luck? Fine. Um Yeah I'm not like an internet professional. Those that's that's
my entire Yeah.
Well
and then
I'm
still
happy
to town. I'm sure they'll be somewhere where we can like make a note that the video was only working one way. Not much we can do pass that. But all right well my name is Claire, what's your name?
Nice to meet you Camille. that was one of my best friends names growing up with Camille. Mhm. Yeah, we met in kindergarten, we were really great friends straight through high school. Yeah.
Yeah, I like my name or not, but you know it just depends on where you are. Sometimes I'll go somewhere and I feel like there's three players and then other times you know like the only clear someone knows it all. Just depends. Yeah.
Very
very cool. So how was your day?
Anything
that
is super productive. Look at you go productive for me is one load of laundry.
You'll
be
on your home, like everything. That's awesome. Good for you.
I'm in indiana. I'm like right nearby Chicago. Actually,
massachusetts. Very cool. I've never been to massachusetts but I have a couple friends who went to college out there and one
friend who went
to college in Vermont who used to go down to massachusetts all the time. Yeah,
it's supposed
to
sound pretty
out there. What is it,
that is so cool. That is wonderful.
Part of indiana, was she from?
Okay. Yeah, there's so much to do in Indianapolis. It's such a great little like city. I love that. Yeah, it's
kind of
like, you know, big city, small town feel. There's like art museums and it's very safe, very clean. Great saving.
Very
I've been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame that's in Ohio, which doesn't sound like the kind of thing that would be in Ohio, but it is
uh up there in a Cleveland someplace you'd never think would be a great tourist destination. But Cleveland's actually pretty cool. They've got like rock and Roll Hall of Fame and it's got like the suits that, the Beatles War and like Jimi Hendrix guitars and stuff like that. Super cool, but it's just like in Cleveland.
Yeah, well if you ever become like
international superstar, just know like your shoes are going to end up in Cleveland. Uh huh. Yeah, so tell me about massachusetts since I've never gotten to go.
That is something
we
good
snow on Halloween
we
kind of, we didn't make it to snow but we
had like really warm days
for like pretty much all of last week and over the weekend and then yesterday suddenly it was cold all over again and I just started to kind of you know pull t shirts back out of the closet and now you know put them all back, put them all back
false
alarm. I stepped out, he said that that's called an indian summer when it's when it gets cold and then you suddenly get shot back into warm weather and then back into the winter that you're supposed
to have. And so that's called an indian
What do you feel your oil tank? What does that mean?
well, I don't have that here. I've never heard of that. That's cool.
I grew up in older homes, but I don't I don't think we used you used oil. I don't know, maybe that's a east coast thing
and I'm not an expert on the world. It might just mean it's one thing that
I didn't hear about.
Uh Yeah, I think so. I think it's got you baby. I don't know. I just I guess I just never really thought about where the heat comes from.
You know, there's a heating vent
in
the wall.
What are you? We actually just moved homes. I'm now living in my grandmother's old home. We moved out of the home that I have lived in all of my childhood. Um I just graduated college and I have moved back home
to take a job that's nearby and I like, so now I'm kind of in my grandma's house. It's funny for me because it's like, this is grandma's house, it's not mom's house, but I kind of, I'm so used to like grandma's house mode where it's like, I'm on vacation and stuff,
but um
Thank
you. Yeah, I really enjoyed being here. And then um my old home though are heating was like, I can't remember what the name for it is, but I remember it was weird.
Everyone else's heating in their homes came from them and ours came from holes in the ceiling. Like not like, you know, a smashed hole in the ceiling, but like, like an airplane. You know how there's like a, it was just like a whole like a tube, like you could have stuck your foot stop it or whatever. Our heat and air conditioning came straight from on the ceiling. I can't remember
what it was called. I knew it was weird that everybody else want to know why we had like softball size, not softball, not baseball, baseball sized holes in our feelings. And so that's really, oh
Um, I went to Purdue University over here in indiana and I got a degree in global studies because I want to go into
working
with
international nonprofits, specifically ones that focus on youth. Yeah. I mean, I'm really passionate about it. It's a little
overwhelming at times. Well
admit
the lot. It's a lot to take in and a lot to try to a lot to try to know
about. It's very hard, you know, because it's such a vast field. Yeah, but you know, I'm really, I'm really passionate about it and I'm
glad
I had a minor actually in theater and then I had a certificate which is uh in between a minor and major. So you have to take more classes to get a certificate that a minor, even though it sounds like it would be last keeps
saying
they should change the name. But anyway, I got a certificate through the Peace Corps and use development. Oh. Mhm.
Yeah, I wanna, I wanna do lots of things I want to go all over, I'm
very
lucky
and I've gotten
to travel a good bit in my life. I spent last summer in India doing an internship and then over that spring break I had a short internship that was just 10 days long in Malawi Africa which is over by Mozambique And I've gotten to study abroad in France for two months when I was like 16.
And all of that has definitely inspired me to go out, see lots of things. So I've never been to massachusetts
but I've been to Africa sometimes I'm like
man,
I've been
to
like
four
continents and I've never seen the East Coast. Yeah,
now that you know, things are kind of different. I know me and my uh my good friend Isabelle, we want to take some time while we were gonna do it this summer but I don't have to say why that doesn't happen. We were gonna, we were gonna road trip route 66 we wanted to go because apparently
it starts in Chicago, which I never knew but we were going to go and just hop on in Chicago and drive on the way out to west
coast and then,
so I guess we have to drive back. But yeah, we thought that would just be like a fun, like take a summer and just do that and go see 2/3 of America. Yeah.
At least how much history?
166
and stuff like that. Lots of places that sort of feel frozen in time. Let's get to live in another era for a night.
Mhm And what do you do? Uh huh
that's really cool. I met a lot of folks were interested in architecture when I was at Purdue because there's so many engineers. Yeah.
So what's
a a like uh in that career field, what kind of your typical work?
perfectly detailed paper trail. That's your job.
Has that gotten like easier or harder
since so much more stuff is going to be harder? Yeah,
I feel
like things
get lost in which weren't easily when they're digital.
Mhm. Very cool. So you said you have kids, how many kids do you have?
Four
boys,
that's right.
No
way.
guess then they can track reactions or something like that. That's crazy, wow.
I mean it's fascinating. I don't have
the background that he has to be able to you know appreciate it, but even from the surface level it definitely sounds no pun intended. It sounds
pretty great. I mean
hang
and
Is
the licensing
process for that like particularly difficult? I can imagine.
Damn.
That's awesome.
I'll
be thinking of him to I'll cross my
fingers in january for him as
well. Very cool. Yeah I don't have any kids, I have a brother and one older brother um I'm talking about that made me think of him, he's a year and a half older than me uh And he just moved out to L. A. So he's pretty far away now. He he also went to produce, he and I were very close especially because we have like you know so close in age and yeah he moved out to Alex, he got a job as a as a sound engineer. Um and he um he works for a company that like makes microphones and mixing boards and stuff again the kind of thing that I don't quite understand but I can tell that it's really interesting.
He he likes it out there you know summer all the time and everything like that,
but it's expensive to live out there, that's his one major complaint is that it's super expensive compared to the midwest, you know? But yeah,
no,
I don't
give him in a
long time, what was it,
were practically twins when we were little babies, people thought we were twins.
Which I think is good. I can't imagine if I had grown up without siblings, you know, like it's kind of a built in friend even if he's a little bit, you know antagonizing at times and he's going to have someone like that in my life too, baby. Did you have any siblings growing up?
I only had to deal with one older brother and I know like I can't imagine having up times four. I
always
wished
I had
What was it like having a sister?
Uh huh. Very cool.
my
brother always complained about that too because I'm the youngest. He said I thought for everything. And then you just got
Good to go through all the hard stuff. Yeah.
Did your older brothers ever feel that way about you?
No.
own room?
I do. I have um I have one dog, I always want to call her a puppy because she's small. She's a shit super poodle mix. So you know, she's a small
dog but she's
not a puppy. She's very old actually, she's 14
years old. Look, she's so sweet. I mean she can be really loud because that's how, you know, just using poodles are back in the back, in the weight wingback times. They were bred to be loud so that they could be like
doorbells on people's property, that if somebody walked onto your property, the shits who would start yapping and then you'd know way up at the top that someone was there
just you can't get them to not be loud, she's very loud, but she's also just so affectionate and she has so much personality, she's just she's a funny little old lady and I love her so much.
Mhm. Yeah, actually she was um I was there when she was born because the dog that we had when I was growing up um my parents are kind of funny and their way of teaching my brother and I about how babies were made was that they had my dog become pregnant with the neighbor's dog. And then we got to kind of see the process and understand that
then
now there will be puppies born and you know, I mean you know, kind of weird, but I don't I understood. So then my dog had puppies. She had three puppies, so the oldest dog, her name is rhubarb. Um and she was named after the white sox mascot, which called rhubarb, which is the term for when a player has a fight with the referee, it's called
So my first dog's name is rhubarb, and then she had three puppies and the other two puppies went to other families in our neighborhood and stuff, and we kept one and that's Reby, which is like R. B. I. Which was the other mascot for the white sauce.
So they were libyan
rhubarb and then rubio passed away, she was older and now we have Reby, but I've known Reby literally since the second she was born
and we're
really, yeah, and when they were born they were like the size of butter sticks so tiny.
How about you? You have that's
Of
it's
so cute.
And what about you?
What kind of dog is he would breed?
He sounds
that's kidding.
it
is so cute. We never I always wanted a cat, I have a lot of friends who have cats and they had just so much personality and I think they're so sweet but I'm allergic to cats so I can't get one. And so my dad growing up, so we never got a cat, I always wanted one, they're so sweet.
But now
I'm going to call
that's 20. Yeah, I'm hoping I outgrow that an allergy and maybe someday I'll get a cat.
Yeah. Actually I'm actually I'm doing something right now called allergy Inoculations. Where I went in and I got tested for what all of my allergies are and then what they're doing is they're basically like vaccinating me for my allergies. And I go in over the course of a year and they've created a serum that is specifically a mixture of the things that I am allergic to. And then they give me a shot with that Every few weeks and I get a little bit of flare up like a bomb. I get pretty itchy. But the idea is that eventually
my body
will become
more accustomed to those things and then it won't view them as a threat to my system and I'll stop being allergic to them. So it's supposed to be like 90%
effective. Which is
I didn't know I didn't even know about that until about three years ago and I thought well
that could be really useful. You know, if I want to go out and
do a lot of things in the world, if I could be less allergic to stuff and be nice. And also, I mean, I don't know what if I meet someone, I want to marry them and they have a cat.
Like
I'm not gonna make it part of their cat. I would love to not be allergic to the cat. I would hate for an adorable little animal to have to be a deal breaker in like a roommate
or a partner some day. You know, I
honestly thought about
that.
Like I thought about that when I was like, oh, I'm going into my twenties, I'm probably gonna have
to like, you know, be finding a roommate somewhere at my next job or whatever it is, you know, going out into life. And what if the only roommate I can find has a cat. I don't want to limit myself. I want to be able to have the option to live with a cat.
It's
something if you were talking about with your son with the stuff that they're doing with brains and Parkinson I'm just constantly blown away with by the stuff that science in the medical field has like figured out, you know?
Yeah, we're living pretty lucky life that we're able to get such good care,
Yeah. Mm Do you have any fun plans for tonight or the weekend?
But
what do you like to watch on tv?
I like that too. I listened to a lot of podcasts that are like that. I love to kind of get the little pieces, you know, here and there and be starting long and excited for the solution to the mystery. I love that. Yeah, Yeah. Good. And it was, what was it called? My my my cello Coachella.
that does sound cool. I have to look that up.
I'm always
looking
for things
to
Yeah, I know I will. Does anything like that. It's made for you to get hooked on it.
I'm
always up.
It
was.
I
know
me
either.
I could, I could never go back to watching regular Tv or cable.
I get so fuck you want to get an ad if I'm watching on hulu or something like that, I'm like, what is this? This isn't my netflix. I'm done. I don't want to do any of that money. I want everything right on my command. Okay.
Mhm. Well, I would argue that I waste as much of my time scrolling and trying to find the right thing to watch as I ever wasted watching advertisements
baby.
It's heartbreaking to finish
up
the series
when I get like I watched the last episode of something on netflix and I didn't know it was the last episode, like you know, it just auto played and that it's done and it's like what to watch next? And I'm like, wait, that was the end. I didn't know that was the last episode I would have saved.
Yeah. I always say something cute up and it's like, well, how about you start this?
Mhm.
Well, uh
I think that might have been a 25 minutes. I'll let you get to your evening. So that
this was really fun. It was great talking to you.
Teacher.
With
all your
stuff and good luck to your son next time he takes that exam.
Hey. Hi.