SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. My name's Alexa, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: My name is Matt.
SPEAKER_R: Math. Nice to meet you man.
SPEAKER_L: Let's meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in Hawaii.
SPEAKER_L: I bet you uh The weather is nice there,
SPEAKER_R: Very nice. Very sunny. Yeah. I'm very grateful for the weather.
SPEAKER_L: I just had a co worker, I'm in michigan um moved out to Hawaii and we're starting to get like 40° weather days, you know, nice fall, crisp privacy snow next week, you know? And he was telling me how he spent like the last week sleeping outside because it's so nice and I'm like man, we had to cover our plants because of frost, like uh he's like yeah I don't miss it at all, and I'm like oh my god
SPEAKER_R: Yes. That's crazy. Yeah, I guess people do sleep outside
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: here. I've never even entertained that thought.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't really either but he said it was just so nice, he was in his hammock and he was just relaxing and then I was gonna get real lazy and he's like I'm just to take a nap and I'll go to bed. and they said he woke up at like 4:00 and was like I'll just go back to bed
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and that's
SPEAKER_R: it worked
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: weekend.
SPEAKER_R: for him. Um mm. Are you alone during quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I got a full house and pet sitting too on top of it. So
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm with my family, so I'm, yeah, I'm not alone, which has definitely been an advantage, you know?
SPEAKER_L: how is your family taking everything?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um my mom works from home now and my dad, my dad's in the military, so he, they have him on a rotation, so he'll go in every other week. And I also have a little brother, he's, so he's doing school online and have a talk. Um Yeah, So I'm enrolled pretty lethargic. I would say, you know thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'd have to say like lethargic is a good way of putting it where you almost don't want to do anything
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and it just seemed like you have like low energy and you're like, I should do laundry and then you're like, or it could just want netflix because what else are we gonna do? You know like? Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Don't
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: your little brother is doing all virtual.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. He's, yeah, he's in fifth grade. I believe. I really feel like like I I know it's the safest choice. Um but definitely I don't think he's learning so
SPEAKER_L: No. Um my kids are doing hybrid so they are virtual one day they go in physical
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: and then their virtual, you know, they're they're alternating
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: days and
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: the days there at home
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, wow.
SPEAKER_L: It seems like a half day and it seems like the lessons are like 20 minutes and you're like, that's it. If you're in school all day, hopefully you're learning more than this,
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: Like what's going on? And it does, it seems like the lesson plans are just like cut in half and that's what I've been hearing from other parents. Is there like my kids math homework is like five problems and then they're done for the day. And I'm like, that's not enough to me. I don't know. Maybe I'm remember school differently. But yeah, it doesn't seem like a full day, you know,
SPEAKER_R: No, I definitely agree with you. Yeah. I am very concerned if he's going to come out of this and I mean, I guess everyone will kind of be behind, you know, so I don't know how that's going to affect their future. It's really interesting that this pandemic. Mhm. It's going to have long term effects that we're not going to be really aware of, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So I work
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: a online database company and one of our databases is just full of covid research and I read some of medical publications. I'm reading some of the science journals and a lot of the chemistry talks way over my head. But like when they are talking about people who are surviving but are now having health issues that you don't get from a normal flu. Um Like the lung damage, the organ damage. Um I have a friend who's a marathon runner and he got it back in March and to this day he can't walk up a flight of stairs without being winded
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And you know, this is somebody who runs 26 miles and then like goes and drinks a couple beers and then goes for a jog because he's still got to make his 30 miles a day run. Like can't go up and down a flight of stairs and you're just like, that's not normal, that's not pneumonia, that's not, that's almost like one of your lungs is missing, like, and you're pretty healthy dude, like that should not have happened. And that's like
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: some of those long term stuff that a lot of people are like, oh it's a flu and you get over it and it's like no there's a lot of weird damage that we still don't have the data on that it's happening to people and it's messed up.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. That's so terrifying for your, for your friend specifically, like his life is um forever changed. That's
SPEAKER_L: He doesn't know what he's going to do. Like he's thankful he is yeah uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: over it and is feeling better besides that big impact.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, running is like half of his life and now he doesn't know if he'll ever get back to it and now he doesn't know
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: you know what he's going to really do in that regard. And He was complaining now, you know, he's put on like £50 Because he's not running, he's not running, he's just sitting around and I'm like dude, like everybody's put on like the COVID 20 so don't feel too bad. But
SPEAKER_R: Wow, man. Yeah. So that's just like a reminder that um all right. Like I'm I'm sure you feel this way too. Sometimes you're like, man, I just want to, I just want to go out and socialize, but you really, you really have to like um consider the bigger picture. Like it's one day really worth, you know?
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of things that we take for granted. Um Like the thought of like, hey, I want to go see this new movie, you know, going to the movie theater, just buying expensive popcorn, but just enjoying the day and doing something you can't. And you know, a lot of people are just like, oh, well we're under house arrest and we're grounded and stuff and it's
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but you know, it's the alternatives are a lot worse. So I mean we're making use of our Netflix account, definitely. So
SPEAKER_R: Us too. Yeah. There's definitely a lot of privilege that comes into play. Like just being able to, well, first of all, like have a home to or residents to be able to stay at here. There's a lot of homeless, like the homeless population is huge, but so like you said, they can sleep outside because the temperature, like the weather is so um manageable, but still really sad because it's like yeah, you
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: a couple of friends who have been trying to um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like do more in the community. Um Like they were always like, yeah, I'm gonna, you know, donate some time and go work at a soup kitchen. And now they're like, I have nothing but time. So I have no excuses. So like one of my friends, she was out passing out masks too. People who are on street corners who are looking homeless to shoveled or not having a place to say. And they're saying like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: if they hand out masks, how long are they really like helping some of these people because they're eventually going to break or get thrown out or whatever and they don't have the safety net of going to a house and then you know, shutting the door like they don't have that, they're just constantly outside and not protected and um I don't know how we're gonna address that just as a society because.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't think they are um it's kind of something that's just ignored that, that's amazing that your friend, you know, was is contributing, you know, even if it's potentially short term.
SPEAKER_L: It and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that's part of like when this was first happening, like they're like, you know, doctors and nurses can't even get supplies, so how are um everyday citizens supposed to, and there are shortages, like we couldn't find masks for almost a month, we um couldn't find any in stores. We couldn't order from like amazon or anything. Um, now you turn around and everybody's selling masks and stuff, but for the first two or three months there wasn't really anything out there. Everybody was sold out. And
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, people who don't have means, what are they, were they doing?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. There's no protections in place, so, and I think it's interesting how in our nation um like each individual state has its own sovereignty, I'm not saying for or against that, but in this scenario it's really interesting because there's there's no uniform uniformity across all the States.
SPEAKER_L: correct. Every state is doing something different, florida is doing something different than michigan is, than California's than texas is um, this is where you start to get into the politics of everything of saying, like if there was a federal mandate to require masks, maybe we could help cut down on transmission. Um, but then you have, you know, some stores, some business owners are like, no, I don't believe it, you don't have to wear a mask. And then other ones are trying to enforce it, have the people who are combative, who don't want to wear a mask, but it's like everybody else in this story is wearing a mask. You should to like just, just do it. But you know, people fight about it and they want to have
SPEAKER_R: Thank you,
SPEAKER_L: their freedom or their individuality, but it's like, this is a health issue, it's not a fashion issue. This isn't a take away our freedoms kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: And then, yeah, because every state has their own way of doing this. Um, each county could be different. Each
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: city could be different and yeah, like nothing is like trickling down to create like a uniform plan. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Which which long term is terrifying because here things like we're pretty much on lockdown. Um but our cases are really low um like our case and death ratio is really low, but once we open back up and you have people from any state coming here, it's just, or like even now I guess you can travel across state lines, you know, and that's, I don't know, it's just great. It's so crazy. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Well now we have like the reverse problem of, yes, if I wanted to drive down to Ohio, I could drive to Ohio and even though I'm being very good about my mask use, if people in Ohio aren't and I come back and I bring it back up north, you know, I might give it to my family and I give it to you know parents in laws whoever and then we as americans right now can't travel to other countries because they don't like what we're doing, so they're closing their borders to us. It's like we're the bad guys now, like you guys realize this right? Like we can't
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Go Mexico Sorry, my dog is whining go, go. I know you went out. No, you're right. Yeah, and I think it's it's kind of funny uh and it's not funny, but it's a little amusing that other nations.
SPEAKER_L: it's ironic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There we go. Uh huh. Oh man. Mhm. I I don't even know um what like from now it's gonna be like, which is okay. Mhm. X
SPEAKER_L: They if you follow the news, they say our cases aren't going down, they're still growing, they're still exponentially like going up um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: we have things going on that are not curbing the spread so um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they just said trump is having another rally and you're just like should we be having this right now? Like wow,
SPEAKER_R: What is going on? What that man tested positive? I just can't. And the followers um you know, no matter what he does, they'll justify it.
SPEAKER_L: I I have these discussions with friends and you're like okay, you know what if you were a politician, if you were a senator, if you're a congress person, you're somehow involved, you got to work with this guy, you got to work within the White House during this pandemic. If you see the way he is, I'd be like, no, no, you can shoot me an email, I don't need to be in the same room with you. You know like they said,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: they always
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: say like this meeting could have been an email. Yeah, you can email me. It's cool,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: nope, I'm good like and the fact that they had the flare up at the White House and a bunch
SPEAKER_R: Well. Uh
SPEAKER_L: of people of government, you're like, hey, I'm thankful. Like all you guys are like mild cases, not having too many issues, nobody died. But you saw how quickly it spread between just a handful of you guys. Like this is no joke and the fact that
SPEAKER_R: crap.
SPEAKER_L: he knows how airborne, how easy it is to catch all that other stuff and they're just like, it doesn't matter, you know, I'm good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I uh that's that's it's just frustrating because you definitely can see, I mean we can see that they clearly don't value um are lives as much as they
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: value their own authority in their own wealth. Yeah, mm And then it's like why are people still willing to re elect you when they're putting our lives at risk? You know, you would think that would be the one thing, you know,
SPEAKER_L: you would think, but they are still
SPEAKER_R: delivery.
SPEAKER_L: clinging true to that ideology or something. I can't figure it out because I've tried to ask um a couple of friends who have voted republican like for their entire lives and like a few people are like, you know what, I'm military republicans always for military and I'm like, hey, that's cool, that's great, that's your thing. Fine right
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: now he's effectively getting us sick and killed because he won't just come out and wear a mask. Simple little thing, simple little thing. And
SPEAKER_R: Stations,
SPEAKER_L: and they're even like, yeah, I don't get it. So it's a quick a cool, this is like you got some common sense but the rest of them like they're still going to his rallies. Like there's a rally little rally thing he just had in florida in a retirement center.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Uh in a retirement center? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: His his his favorite retirement center in florida. And I'm like, please, no, like no, just stop.
SPEAKER_R: The, I don't know if it was at the beginning of the pandemic, but when all the, the that information is coming out of the out about all the elderly people in nursing homes that were dying and like just in their bodies are being put in trucks or like bodies
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: were left behind.
SPEAKER_L: because they didn't have room or resources to handle it. Um
SPEAKER_R: mm Right.
SPEAKER_L: in brazil, they started a mass burial site because they didn't have resources. And when you think about, at least when I think about my neighbors, I'm like, oh you know, I like my neighbors, you know, this one neighbor and I could do without, but they're nice people for the most part when you think of, they then had to make a mass burial site because there's too many people and they don't have resources and they don't have, it means to do anything was that they were just putting them in the big ditch and you're just like, you see the numbers and you go, oh my God, this is not, this is not normal, this is not small, this is not fake or hoax whatever they were calling it. And you're like, this is real. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: And and to this day
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: still saying and you're just like, can we at least like trust the facts and the science, please, you don't want to care about other people's lives fine. You can be inconsiderate, but at least know that it's true. You know, it's not something that's just made up. The president got it. He was hospitalized. It's true yet his weird bases still like, no, that's cool. Uh Oh.
SPEAKER_R: the other day, um we went to like a food truck with our masks um and we saw a like a drum caravan. Um I'm just like, wow, they're really an infection. They're everywhere. Like this is a crazy progressive liberal state, which I appreciate, but they're here. Um and it's terrifying how like I can't, I can't think to myself, oh, it's just, you know, a random group of people in another state. You know, these are like ordinary everyday other american citizens. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: had many debates and talks with friends and thankfully some of them are just like, yeah, this this covid thing is making me vote for somebody else And I'm like, okay, but that's showing signs of something is not going right. I get it's your party. I get it to your guy. But like something is not going right. Another way you can change is by voting. So let's see what happens. But like you said earlier, I don't know how some of these senators keep getting voted in when they're going against their constituents is like beliefs or what they
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: want. And you're just like, your state keeps voting for him. You know, I can look at other states and be like, alright, my senators are kind of jerks, but not as bad as yours. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got to do a comparison NyC's. Yeah, my dad, it's interesting just to see the discrepancies within the military because the military's um you know, a lot of conservatives um which my family will definitely not that we're definitely more liberal. So it's crazy like I feel bad for my dad because at work, well first of all, you know it's technically his boss
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: bases here?
SPEAKER_R: um he's at Hickam yet so you know trump is technically his boss so he's not technically allowed to. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Say
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: anything bad?
SPEAKER_R: exactly, which is kind of crazy to me. Um That's like I don't know, I feel like it was against freedom of speech but but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, think about it. If at your
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: job, if you said bad things about your boss, he's gonna get fired.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: Same
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: same kind of way there. But um, I got a couple family members who are military, couple friends who are military and they say like yeah you just keep your head down and don't say nothing because you don't wanna get in trouble. What
SPEAKER_R: stop it.
SPEAKER_L: is that? A little husky face I saw,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, he maxes a husky, he's very vocal, I appreciate him like I definitely how he's kept me on my toes during this time.
SPEAKER_L: We have a shepherd husky. So he's got he's got like the black and tan shepherd color but he's got the two different colored eyes from the husky, jean,
SPEAKER_R: Oh by eyes? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah max's eyes are actually yellow. Um
SPEAKER_L: Which isn't
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: common.
SPEAKER_R: no I love his eyes. Yeah they were blue when he was born but then they changed I think they're they're great, they're super unique.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Jasper. He's the shepherd husky, he's got the one i is white and blue, another one is brown. So at nighttime when he's outside and I'm calling him in, his brown eye is not seen. So only
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: this one is and when the light hits it looks red so it looks like the terminator. It's kind of freaking, you're like wait oh no that's my dog. Okay. Like is there a rabid beast in the backyard?
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: No, that's my dog. Okay. First couple times it kind of freaked me out and I was like, what is that? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: but it was a great comparison by the terminator, classic classic film franchise hey? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, it's it's it's interesting to hear um other people in different states, there have all the same complaints of, we don't have a good plan because not everybody follows it. Not everybody cares, not everybody, I was willing to just buckle down and do it. And
SPEAKER_R: Community,
SPEAKER_L: I've talked to older relatives who um, grew up from the depression era and they were like, you did what you had to do. You know if you couldn't get meat or gas this week because it wasn't your turn to buy because the gas was being rationed or food is being rationed, you sucked it up, You just did it. And it's awesome that we have all these freedoms, but it's like not everybody's willing to like either chip in or give them up for a day or help out and yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Did anyone?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. It sucks. I'm glad I'm, we're not the only state, but like that means everybody else's, you know, and everyone else is like in the same boat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah that's a very valid point. The the sense of entitlement um It's so high. Oh man. Look I understand about small businesses though like you if they're not being supported it's just sad to see that there are small businesses that try to adhere to guidelines and then you have other businesses which are just slightly whatever I'm gonna do whatever I want. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's why, you know, we're always trying by local and support the local businesses because that's what keeps your community to float and everything, but on this day and age, it's hard to have a restaurant when you can't have capacity because that's how they bring in the money and everything. And obviously once restaurants hurt the people who work and hurt and that's families and that's, you know, mom or dad might be a waitress or bartender or something and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: if they're not bringing home money, they're not buying food, they gotta start tightening their budget and the people who spend money can't keep the economy going. So it's like, it's just like a downward drain and you know, unfortunately all of our senators and Congress people, they're all millionaires, They don't make $200,000 a year, they're not hurting, you know, like,
SPEAKER_R: That's frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: so at least they could do is, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: there are some food, I don't know, like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh my gosh, care a little bit. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: just a little, you know, like we're the ones that voted you guys in somehow. You make more money and more money and you retire. Millionaires get your salary shouldn't pay that much. Like. So how do you, how did that all accumulate? Like who's kickbacks did you take or what side deals have you got going on? Because you're, you're so felt so far well off us little people, you know? Come on.
SPEAKER_R: there are a lot of us. It's, what does your shirt say by the way?
SPEAKER_L: my shirt is very inappropriate. It says my parents said I could be anything, so I became an asshole.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's not an appropriate, no,
SPEAKER_L: It's a little inappropriate.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny, but it's doubly funny because I don't get that vibe, I haven't gotten that impression.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I hope on that. But yes, the shirt is meant to be funny, so
SPEAKER_R: mm. Is this the first time you okay? Donde. Yeah. Oh, wow. Really?
SPEAKER_L: yes, this is uh
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what what survey this one thing was through and like you get to do a video channel like great, I look like a bum and here it goes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, this is, I think in my fourth person um I think you are very good at holding a conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Oh thank you. That means you had some duds, which might not say much, but
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I'm doing it through prolific. Are you doing it through some other
SPEAKER_L: no, no.
SPEAKER_R: web?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was through prolific, but whatever the school survey was that was doing it, I don't remember.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Oh, I think it's the better up, better lab thing. Yeah. Um yeah, I love prolific. I actually started prolific um because of the pandemic or the quarantine um because I was feeling so lethargic and I was like, I'm not doing anything, I have to do something, so
SPEAKER_L: So how
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: uh the other chatters? Your your
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: delay, there's
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: a little worrying
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, no, I think
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: um I think they try to match you up with someone who is not the same Age actually. I don't know if they have that information, but I've never talked to someone, I'm 19, I haven't talked to anyone really that close to my age, so I've talked to another Man, he I think was in his 30s. I don't know that conversation which is awkward. That was my first conversation. Um I just I think he just felt weird that I was a little young, which is understandable. Um And then my second one was a woman in her late 20s. That was cool just because just um not that I don't think women and men can't relate because that's not true whatsoever, but there are certain things we talked about.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna say there's certain topics that maybe not, but Yes. Yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: So that was cool. And then my most recent was a woman, I think she's been like her 60's. That It was crazy. She talked to me I think for like almost four hours I didn't know how to tell her. I didn't want to be rude because yeah, she was definitely very like um isolated and she had a lot to say and I was like all right,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: why not? But yeah. How?
SPEAKER_L: right, wow. Four hours.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. But it's interesting everyone I've spoken to has been we've had the same views on the the pandemic and how it's been handled. Mhm. So I'm hoping I don't run into it troops. Uh huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: because I debate with my friends a lot and there's some of them who are center center right. I don't have anybody who's like a full blown right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and full blown like trump's border. Um but they'll definitely Republican where they're like, you know, the government should be balanced and budgets and we shouldn't be spending all this money all over the place and you know, certain things should go to states rights and you're like, you know what, I agree with you. I'm a lot of that. The problem is how you go about doing it because you guys don't do it in a way that is either nice or that makes sense to anybody. And if you want to be like fiscally conservative That's well and good. But then you can't be spending $700 billion dollars on the military every year. You want to balance
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: the budget,
SPEAKER_R: it I
SPEAKER_L: you got to like spend 700 billion this year and then not spend seven billion that year eventually
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: you'll bounce your checkbooks. So if you want to talk like financial conservativism, great don't write checks, you can't cash because that's how we should be. But that's that's where governments running. So, you know, and then go on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh no, I'm listening. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: when when they talk about like education, I pay taxes, I'd rather pay more taxes if it meant money went to schools because that will be our future. Kids being smarter kids going to school. Like it's such an important thing to me because I don't want a bunch of idiots living around me. I'd rather than be smart. I'd rather than be able to go get a job. I'd rather than, you know, continue education and I think it's very important. And a lot of the republican friends are like, well they should, you know get a job and pay for our own school and you're like yeah what I have to do and I agree with you. But there's people who need an extra
SPEAKER_R: Arm.
SPEAKER_L: boost and let's give them that boost. Like all the well off people I know who paid for their kids school wings. Great. Are they better people are the worst people. Doesn't matter. But there's a bunch of people who could use a helping hand and and it costs you a couple pennies a year like what's the harm? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And what and what's the point in shaming people for needing help as well? You know, that's not a good mindsets of foster. No, but I think it's really important to be able to have dialogue with conservative. I have no issue with conservatives or republicans in general. Um for me, it's just the trips because that's a whole, that's the whole, no.
SPEAKER_L: And then and you can't even it's gotten to the point where you can't even have a conversation or debate because it quickly goes off the rails and it just goes into like the whole realm of almost like insanity. I don't get it. I I I've tried to talk, I tried the reason I tried to have conversations and nothing
SPEAKER_R: they're not
SPEAKER_L: fruit
SPEAKER_R: productive.
SPEAKER_L: comes out of it. Yes nothing doctor comes out of it. Like I I just I don't know it doesn't give me positive feelings for the future. When if I had to think of somebody and be like you know what? They got a good heart, they got a good mind, they're going to try and do something or at least they're just not going to burn the world down and this other side is like screw you, I want mine and I'm gonna burn the world down and you're like that's not cool,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know? No that's not nice. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: that's where we're
SPEAKER_R: such
SPEAKER_L: at these days.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's a childish mindset. It's like, wow, you guys are really just emotionally and intellectually immature. But also there's my dad likes to make the argument that okay, that he believes that most trump supporters are are uneducated or unaware. And I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: So the weird thing is that they've already come out with a couple of studies that have shown that trump space is uneducated. They've already come out and said like most are like high school, there's some college but once you get to like a four year degree or PhD or masters, they also start leaning more left. And if you never make it through a four year college, you're already leaning right. Um I didn't want to really believe that because it seemed like, you know, you're saying okay, if you're not educated, you just automatically dumb. But that's like their world view hasn't been taught or hasn't been fostered. Um, and maybe you get that with education, maybe you get the global picture of, hey, it's not just the United States, there's
SPEAKER_R: Going out.
SPEAKER_L: whole planet Earth and those are the countries, they might not be better than us. They might not have the technology of us doesn't make them any better or less or whatever, but like at least we know they exist and for the base it's all me, me, mine and they say my state or my city or they say like just me and I said that I think about, you know, what's, what's going on in other states, I don't live in California, but I care what's going on over there, I care that it's on fire.
SPEAKER_R: because mhm crazy by the way.
SPEAKER_L: You know, I care about texas and new Orleans getting hit with hurricanes. Like I kind of care, I I don't want death and destruction, so can't do much about it. No, but there's groups that can and those are helpful groups and those are awesome. So maybe I can donate money to those causes, you know, red cross whatever. But yeah, with, with the uneducated base, it's almost like they don't think about global things, they don't think about global impacts. They don't think about all of those things. And you have to wonder is that education and intellectually like taught or conversed about that they don't get because it's it's no uh surprise that a lot of the Red States are usually the lowest in education and are the lowest in poverty and you start to go lowest education, lowest in poverty, like or highest in poverty and lowest in education, so you're all poor and don't have education and you're very red. Hmm
SPEAKER_R: Apart.
SPEAKER_L: well now it's starting to make sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The correlations, yeah. I think I guess more for me. No, I definitely agree that um I feel like my worldview has definitely been impacted just by my higher education. It's crazy the things that you're not taught by our public education system and also being a military kid um and being exposed um like living in different places, being
SPEAKER_L: How many
SPEAKER_R: exposed
SPEAKER_L: times have you
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: moved, like in your lifetime?
SPEAKER_R: Let's see, let
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: me just
SPEAKER_L: than four?
SPEAKER_R: counter More than four. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um you just start to I I don't like the word tolerance, but like you're able to respect other people's cultures and understand like why things are different and
SPEAKER_L: You probably have more empathy and openness towards it versus there's a horrible generalization I know, but like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: if you go to a southern state in the bible belt and they see somebody with not a white skin complexion, it's all of a sudden, who are they, who they're bad other evil, they're up to no good, like I don't want them in my city and you're like, wow, Like you don't know nothing about this person, You don't know what they're doing, what they've been up to. You don't know if they're coming to like buy a house or open a business, like you don't know anything about them, but you've automatically judge them. You already like put them into a bad like typecast of a person and until somebody has wronged you, you shouldn't have any of those kind of thoughts. You should give every person like the benefit of the doubt because we're all people like, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. We're all human. Yeah. Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but you won't get that. Like it's, it's like a sense of decency or something, I can't think of the right word. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you won't get those in other states and that's very sad. I think the lack of diversity, it seems to just like push them further and further into their maybe bad belief system. Um, like growing up, it was always like the South seemed to have racist beliefs and that's kind of what you were taught in history, class North, 1st South Civil War. And they're saying like we could have the same thing now next year or thank God hasn't happened yet, but it's now looking like an US versus them kind of thing. And that's when a lot of people are like, it's educated versus uneducated because they don't have that open view of things. So they're close minded, they're closed off. They're not, oh seeking, we're willing to give empathy to anybody. And um,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: because one of my cousins was a military kid, he moved around a lot and he did, he did, he went from michigan to like texas, to California, uh, to Kentucky back to michigan. And he was like some of these neighborhoods like we're just horrible. And I was like, oh wow, I've always lived in the same spot, but at least, you know, oh, I never had a closed mindedness, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. It's an important quality to have. I mean it's silly that most people have difficulty viewing other humans as human beings but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so if we ever get out of this pandemic, hopefully we do. I don't know how much longer it's gonna be, could be a couple of months. It's good to hear other people are struggling through just like everybody else.
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't say struggling but
SPEAKER_L: Well, yes, yes.
SPEAKER_R: please.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I'm already fearing because like, nobody knows if we're going to have a return to normalcy, nobody knows that right now. We have no idea. Uh I know my dogs in every basket cases though, If we ever returned
SPEAKER_R: Something
SPEAKER_L: because they're like, you've been all day, you've been home with us all day for like the last like 10 years of our lives, you know, there's only been months. They're gonna be like, wait, we gotta go back in the great no, I don't like this, what I do when they're gonna be like totally like shell shocked. So I don't see that happening anytime soon, but dogs have been definitely spoiled. So for now
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: it's not that bad, but for us it sucks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it does. Okay. Well it was nice it was very nice talking to you that um
SPEAKER_L: you as well.
SPEAKER_R: I really appreciate the the civil conversation you know. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Share
SPEAKER_R: so,
SPEAKER_L: bonding over misery. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I hope things get better eventually for all those and I hope you
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: to,
SPEAKER_R: your family are able to remain healthy and safe during these crazy wives. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yes, I hope we don't lose too much sanity. Uh help your family, stay safe,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: enjoy the weather and
SPEAKER_R: I would.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well you got that one going at least. Um Weirdly, my one coworker friend who moved out there, he told me
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: he bought a house and his realtor had to guide him away from lava zones. And I was like, the hell's lava zones, Like that sounds like a bad thing. And he goes, yeah, like big pockets of lava could just open up below your house or something. And I'm like, what? He's like, Oh yeah, they got insurance. So it's all good. And I'm like, yeah, but if you're out mowing your grass, you step into a lava pocket. Like what are you going? What, what's going on? Is that a real thing? I thought he was joking with me. That's the real thing.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty crazy but good that they have insurance for it I suppose.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I don't remember what island is on. Uh, I don't know. Ask your parents if they had to learn about lava zones when they were
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: looking, if they're going to be looking or moving or anything like that. Like and see this is something that I have to deal with ice and thunder and bad storms, but I have to deal with a lot of that. That was what might work. Yeah. As long as you learn something new every day. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: educate ourselves. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day because your day is just beginning. Really.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is.
SPEAKER_L: What do you guys?
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: five hours?
SPEAKER_R: as always Yeah so right now it's 11.50. I have no idea what time it is for you so
SPEAKER_L: Uh, almost six pm
SPEAKER_R: okay so evening time going to have some dinner and just relax
SPEAKER_L: Fat online. So enjoy this your day.
SPEAKER_R: you as well matt bai.