I'm good. My name's Alexa, what's your name?
Math. Nice to meet you man.
Um I'm in Hawaii.
Very nice. Very sunny. Yeah. I'm very grateful for the weather.
Yes. That's crazy. Yeah, I guess people do sleep outside
here. I've never even entertained that thought.
So
it worked
out
for him. Um mm. Are you alone during quarantine?
that's good.
Yeah, I'm with my family, so I'm, yeah, I'm not alone, which has definitely been an advantage, you know?
Okay. Um my mom works from home now and my dad, my dad's in the military, so he, they have him on a rotation, so he'll go in every other week. And I also have a little brother, he's, so he's doing school online and have a talk. Um Yeah, So I'm enrolled pretty lethargic. I would say, you know thing. Yeah.
No.
Don't
know.
Mm hmm. He's, yeah, he's in fifth grade. I believe. I really feel like like I I know it's the safest choice. Um but definitely I don't think he's learning so
Thank you.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I know, wow.
All right.
No, I definitely agree with you. Yeah. I am very concerned if he's going to come out of this and I mean, I guess everyone will kind of be behind, you know, so I don't know how that's going to affect their future. It's really interesting that this pandemic. Mhm. It's going to have long term effects that we're not going to be really aware of, so. Mhm.
Thank
you.
No.
That's
Mm. That's so terrifying for your, for your friend specifically, like his life is um forever changed. That's
Mhm.
No,
like,
Wow, man. Yeah. So that's just like a reminder that um all right. Like I'm I'm sure you feel this way too. Sometimes you're like, man, I just want to, I just want to go out and socialize, but you really, you really have to like um consider the bigger picture. Like it's one day really worth, you know?
You
just,
Us too. Yeah. There's definitely a lot of privilege that comes into play. Like just being able to, well, first of all, like have a home to or residents to be able to stay at here. There's a lot of homeless, like the homeless population is huge, but so like you said, they can sleep outside because the temperature, like the weather is so um manageable, but still really sad because it's like yeah, you
know?
Yeah.
What?
Yeah, I don't think they are um it's kind of something that's just ignored that, that's amazing that your friend, you know, was is contributing, you know, even if it's potentially short term.
No.
No.
Mhm. There's no protections in place, so, and I think it's interesting how in our nation um like each individual state has its own sovereignty, I'm not saying for or against that, but in this scenario it's really interesting because there's there's no uniform uniformity across all the States.
Thank you,
I,
If
Which which long term is terrifying because here things like we're pretty much on lockdown. Um but our cases are really low um like our case and death ratio is really low, but once we open back up and you have people from any state coming here, it's just, or like even now I guess you can travel across state lines, you know, and that's, I don't know, it's just great. It's so crazy. Oh.
Yes. Go Mexico Sorry, my dog is whining go, go. I know you went out. No, you're right. Yeah, and I think it's it's kind of funny uh and it's not funny, but it's a little amusing that other nations.
Yeah. There we go. Uh huh. Oh man. Mhm. I I don't even know um what like from now it's gonna be like, which is okay. Mhm. X
What?
Yeah.
What is going on? What that man tested positive? I just can't. And the followers um you know, no matter what he does, they'll justify it.
That's
me.
huh.
Well. Uh
crap.
I uh that's that's it's just frustrating because you definitely can see, I mean we can see that they clearly don't value um are lives as much as they
value their own authority in their own wealth. Yeah, mm And then it's like why are people still willing to re elect you when they're putting our lives at risk? You know, you would think that would be the one thing, you know,
delivery.
Okay.
Stations,
wow. Uh in a retirement center? Yeah,
The, I don't know if it was at the beginning of the pandemic, but when all the, the that information is coming out of the out about all the elderly people in nursing homes that were dying and like just in their bodies are being put in trucks or like bodies
were left behind.
mm Right.
I
don't
know.
the other day, um we went to like a food truck with our masks um and we saw a like a drum caravan. Um I'm just like, wow, they're really an infection. They're everywhere. Like this is a crazy progressive liberal state, which I appreciate, but they're here. Um and it's terrifying how like I can't, I can't think to myself, oh, it's just, you know, a random group of people in another state. You know, these are like ordinary everyday other american citizens. Yeah.
So.
What?
Yeah, I got to do a comparison NyC's. Yeah, my dad, it's interesting just to see the discrepancies within the military because the military's um you know, a lot of conservatives um which my family will definitely not that we're definitely more liberal. So it's crazy like I feel bad for my dad because at work, well first of all, you know it's technically his boss
so
um he's at Hickam yet so you know trump is technically his boss so he's not technically allowed to. Yeah
say
exactly, which is kind of crazy to me. Um That's like I don't know, I feel like it was against freedom of speech but but yeah.
What?
Yeah, that's
true.
stop it.
Yes, he maxes a husky, he's very vocal, I appreciate him like I definitely how he's kept me on my toes during this time.
Oh by eyes? Oh
yeah max's eyes are actually yellow. Um
They
were
no I love his eyes. Yeah they were blue when he was born but then they changed I think they're they're great, they're super unique.
No,
What?
but it was a great comparison by the terminator, classic classic film franchise hey? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah
Community,
Did anyone?
mm. Yeah that's a very valid point. The the sense of entitlement um It's so high. Oh man. Look I understand about small businesses though like you if they're not being supported it's just sad to see that there are small businesses that try to adhere to guidelines and then you have other businesses which are just slightly whatever I'm gonna do whatever I want. So Yeah.
All
That's frustrating.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, care a little bit. Yeah,
there are a lot of us. It's, what does your shirt say by the way?
Oh, that's not an appropriate, no,
that's funny, but it's doubly funny because I don't get that vibe, I haven't gotten that impression.
mm. Is this the first time you okay? Donde. Yeah. Oh, wow. Really?
All right,
awesome.
Yeah, this is, I think in my fourth person um I think you are very good at holding a conversation.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, I'm doing it through prolific. Are you doing it through some other
web?
Right. Oh, I think it's the better up, better lab thing. Yeah. Um yeah, I love prolific. I actually started prolific um because of the pandemic or the quarantine um because I was feeling so lethargic and I was like, I'm not doing anything, I have to do something, so
it's
pretty
good.
Well,
well
no, no, no, no, I think
um I think they try to match you up with someone who is not the same Age actually. I don't know if they have that information, but I've never talked to someone, I'm 19, I haven't talked to anyone really that close to my age, so I've talked to another Man, he I think was in his 30s. I don't know that conversation which is awkward. That was my first conversation. Um I just I think he just felt weird that I was a little young, which is understandable. Um And then my second one was a woman in her late 20s. That was cool just because just um not that I don't think women and men can't relate because that's not true whatsoever, but there are certain things we talked about.
So that was cool. And then my most recent was a woman, I think she's been like her 60's. That It was crazy. She talked to me I think for like almost four hours I didn't know how to tell her. I didn't want to be rude because yeah, she was definitely very like um isolated and she had a lot to say and I was like all right,
why not? But yeah. How?
Mhm. Yeah. But it's interesting everyone I've spoken to has been we've had the same views on the the pandemic and how it's been handled. Mhm. So I'm hoping I don't run into it troops. Uh huh. Okay.
Yeah.
How
it I
Well.
Yeah. Oh no, I'm listening. Yeah.
Arm.
And what and what's the point in shaming people for needing help as well? You know, that's not a good mindsets of foster. No, but I think it's really important to be able to have dialogue with conservative. I have no issue with conservatives or republicans in general. Um for me, it's just the trips because that's a whole, that's the whole, no.
they're not
productive.
What?
It's
such
Yeah. It's a childish mindset. It's like, wow, you guys are really just emotionally and intellectually immature. But also there's my dad likes to make the argument that okay, that he believes that most trump supporters are are uneducated or unaware. And I'm like,
Going out.
because mhm crazy by the way.
Apart.
The correlations, yeah. I think I guess more for me. No, I definitely agree that um I feel like my worldview has definitely been impacted just by my higher education. It's crazy the things that you're not taught by our public education system and also being a military kid um and being exposed um like living in different places, being
exposed
to.
Let's see, let
me just
counter More than four. Yeah.
Um you just start to I I don't like the word tolerance, but like you're able to respect other people's cultures and understand like why things are different and
No.
Okay. We're all human. Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah.
Mhm.
That's good. It's an important quality to have. I mean it's silly that most people have difficulty viewing other humans as human beings but yeah.
I wouldn't say struggling but
please.
Something
My
Yeah it does. Okay. Well it was nice it was very nice talking to you that um
I really appreciate the the civil conversation you know. Yeah
so,
So I hope things get better eventually for all those and I hope you
and
your family are able to remain healthy and safe during these crazy wives. Yeah.
Thank you.
I would.
All
it's pretty crazy but good that they have insurance for it I suppose.
It's
educate ourselves. Yeah.
Yes it is.
I don't
as always Yeah so right now it's 11.50. I have no idea what time it is for you so
okay so evening time going to have some dinner and just relax
you as well matt bai.