Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi, how are you?
My name is Matt.
Let's meet you.
I bet you uh The weather is nice there,
I just had a co worker, I'm in michigan um moved out to Hawaii and we're starting to get like 40° weather days, you know, nice fall, crisp privacy snow next week, you know? And he was telling me how he spent like the last week sleeping outside because it's so nice and I'm like man, we had to cover our plants because of frost, like uh he's like yeah I don't miss it at all, and I'm like oh my god
I'm
I wouldn't really either but he said it was just so nice, he was in his hammock and he was just relaxing and then I was gonna get real lazy and he's like I'm just to take a nap and I'll go to bed. and they said he woke up at like 4:00 and was like I'll just go back to bed
and that's
this
weekend.
No, no, I got a full house and pet sitting too on top of it. So
well
how is your family taking everything?
Yeah. I'd have to say like lethargic is a good way of putting it where you almost don't want to do anything
and it just seemed like you have like low energy and you're like, I should do laundry and then you're like, or it could just want netflix because what else are we gonna do? You know like? Yeah. Um
So
your little brother is doing all virtual.
No. Um my kids are doing hybrid so they are virtual one day they go in physical
and then their virtual, you know, they're they're alternating
days and
the days there at home
It seems like a half day and it seems like the lessons are like 20 minutes and you're like, that's it. If you're in school all day, hopefully you're learning more than this,
Like what's going on? And it does, it seems like the lesson plans are just like cut in half and that's what I've been hearing from other parents. Is there like my kids math homework is like five problems and then they're done for the day. And I'm like, that's not enough to me. I don't know. Maybe I'm remember school differently. But yeah, it doesn't seem like a full day, you know,
So I work
for
a online database company and one of our databases is just full of covid research and I read some of medical publications. I'm reading some of the science journals and a lot of the chemistry talks way over my head. But like when they are talking about people who are surviving but are now having health issues that you don't get from a normal flu. Um Like the lung damage, the organ damage. Um I have a friend who's a marathon runner and he got it back in March and to this day he can't walk up a flight of stairs without being winded
And you know, this is somebody who runs 26 miles and then like goes and drinks a couple beers and then goes for a jog because he's still got to make his 30 miles a day run. Like can't go up and down a flight of stairs and you're just like, that's not normal, that's not pneumonia, that's not, that's almost like one of your lungs is missing, like, and you're pretty healthy dude, like that should not have happened. And that's like
some of those long term stuff that a lot of people are like, oh it's a flu and you get over it and it's like no there's a lot of weird damage that we still don't have the data on that it's happening to people and it's messed up.
He doesn't know what he's going to do. Like he's thankful he is yeah uh
over it and is feeling better besides that big impact.
But yeah, running is like half of his life and now he doesn't know if he'll ever get back to it and now he doesn't know
you know what he's going to really do in that regard. And He was complaining now, you know, he's put on like £50 Because he's not running, he's not running, he's just sitting around and I'm like dude, like everybody's put on like the COVID 20 so don't feel too bad. But
there's a lot of things that we take for granted. Um Like the thought of like, hey, I want to go see this new movie, you know, going to the movie theater, just buying expensive popcorn, but just enjoying the day and doing something you can't. And you know, a lot of people are just like, oh, well we're under house arrest and we're grounded and stuff and it's
like,
yeah, but you know, it's the alternatives are a lot worse. So I mean we're making use of our Netflix account, definitely. So
have
a couple of friends who have been trying to um
like do more in the community. Um Like they were always like, yeah, I'm gonna, you know, donate some time and go work at a soup kitchen. And now they're like, I have nothing but time. So I have no excuses. So like one of my friends, she was out passing out masks too. People who are on street corners who are looking homeless to shoveled or not having a place to say. And they're saying like
if they hand out masks, how long are they really like helping some of these people because they're eventually going to break or get thrown out or whatever and they don't have the safety net of going to a house and then you know, shutting the door like they don't have that, they're just constantly outside and not protected and um I don't know how we're gonna address that just as a society because.
It and
that's part of like when this was first happening, like they're like, you know, doctors and nurses can't even get supplies, so how are um everyday citizens supposed to, and there are shortages, like we couldn't find masks for almost a month, we um couldn't find any in stores. We couldn't order from like amazon or anything. Um, now you turn around and everybody's selling masks and stuff, but for the first two or three months there wasn't really anything out there. Everybody was sold out. And
yeah, people who don't have means, what are they, were they doing?
correct. Every state is doing something different, florida is doing something different than michigan is, than California's than texas is um, this is where you start to get into the politics of everything of saying, like if there was a federal mandate to require masks, maybe we could help cut down on transmission. Um, but then you have, you know, some stores, some business owners are like, no, I don't believe it, you don't have to wear a mask. And then other ones are trying to enforce it, have the people who are combative, who don't want to wear a mask, but it's like everybody else in this story is wearing a mask. You should to like just, just do it. But you know, people fight about it and they want to have
their freedom or their individuality, but it's like, this is a health issue, it's not a fashion issue. This isn't a take away our freedoms kind of thing.
And then, yeah, because every state has their own way of doing this. Um, each county could be different. Each
city could be different and yeah, like nothing is like trickling down to create like a uniform plan. Yeah,
Well now we have like the reverse problem of, yes, if I wanted to drive down to Ohio, I could drive to Ohio and even though I'm being very good about my mask use, if people in Ohio aren't and I come back and I bring it back up north, you know, I might give it to my family and I give it to you know parents in laws whoever and then we as americans right now can't travel to other countries because they don't like what we're doing, so they're closing their borders to us. It's like we're the bad guys now, like you guys realize this right? Like we can't
it's ironic.
They if you follow the news, they say our cases aren't going down, they're still growing, they're still exponentially like going up um
we have things going on that are not curbing the spread so um
they just said trump is having another rally and you're just like should we be having this right now? Like wow,
I I have these discussions with friends and you're like okay, you know what if you were a politician, if you were a senator, if you're a congress person, you're somehow involved, you got to work with this guy, you got to work within the White House during this pandemic. If you see the way he is, I'd be like, no, no, you can shoot me an email, I don't need to be in the same room with you. You know like they said,
they always
say like this meeting could have been an email. Yeah, you can email me. It's cool,
nope, I'm good like and the fact that they had the flare up at the White House and a bunch
of people of government, you're like, hey, I'm thankful. Like all you guys are like mild cases, not having too many issues, nobody died. But you saw how quickly it spread between just a handful of you guys. Like this is no joke and the fact that
he knows how airborne, how easy it is to catch all that other stuff and they're just like, it doesn't matter, you know, I'm good. Yeah,
so
you would think, but they are still
clinging true to that ideology or something. I can't figure it out because I've tried to ask um a couple of friends who have voted republican like for their entire lives and like a few people are like, you know what, I'm military republicans always for military and I'm like, hey, that's cool, that's great, that's your thing. Fine right
now he's effectively getting us sick and killed because he won't just come out and wear a mask. Simple little thing, simple little thing. And
and they're even like, yeah, I don't get it. So it's a quick a cool, this is like you got some common sense but the rest of them like they're still going to his rallies. Like there's a rally little rally thing he just had in florida in a retirement center.
His his his favorite retirement center in florida. And I'm like, please, no, like no, just stop.
Do
because they didn't have room or resources to handle it. Um
in brazil, they started a mass burial site because they didn't have resources. And when you think about, at least when I think about my neighbors, I'm like, oh you know, I like my neighbors, you know, this one neighbor and I could do without, but they're nice people for the most part when you think of, they then had to make a mass burial site because there's too many people and they don't have resources and they don't have, it means to do anything was that they were just putting them in the big ditch and you're just like, you see the numbers and you go, oh my God, this is not, this is not normal, this is not small, this is not fake or hoax whatever they were calling it. And you're like, this is real. Yeah.
And and to this day
they're
still saying and you're just like, can we at least like trust the facts and the science, please, you don't want to care about other people's lives fine. You can be inconsiderate, but at least know that it's true. You know, it's not something that's just made up. The president got it. He was hospitalized. It's true yet his weird bases still like, no, that's cool. Uh Oh.
I've
had many debates and talks with friends and thankfully some of them are just like, yeah, this this covid thing is making me vote for somebody else And I'm like, okay, but that's showing signs of something is not going right. I get it's your party. I get it to your guy. But like something is not going right. Another way you can change is by voting. So let's see what happens. But like you said earlier, I don't know how some of these senators keep getting voted in when they're going against their constituents is like beliefs or what they
want. And you're just like, your state keeps voting for him. You know, I can look at other states and be like, alright, my senators are kind of jerks, but not as bad as yours. Yeah.
What
bases here?
Say
anything bad?
Well, think about it. If at your
job, if you said bad things about your boss, he's gonna get fired.
Same
same kind of way there. But um, I got a couple family members who are military, couple friends who are military and they say like yeah you just keep your head down and don't say nothing because you don't wanna get in trouble. What
is that? A little husky face I saw,
We have a shepherd husky. So he's got he's got like the black and tan shepherd color but he's got the two different colored eyes from the husky, jean,
Yeah.
Which isn't
that
common.
Uh Jasper. He's the shepherd husky, he's got the one i is white and blue, another one is brown. So at nighttime when he's outside and I'm calling him in, his brown eye is not seen. So only
this one is and when the light hits it looks red so it looks like the terminator. It's kind of freaking, you're like wait oh no that's my dog. Okay. Like is there a rabid beast in the backyard?
No, that's my dog. Okay. First couple times it kind of freaked me out and I was like, what is that? Yes.
But yeah, it's it's it's interesting to hear um other people in different states, there have all the same complaints of, we don't have a good plan because not everybody follows it. Not everybody cares, not everybody, I was willing to just buckle down and do it. And
I've talked to older relatives who um, grew up from the depression era and they were like, you did what you had to do. You know if you couldn't get meat or gas this week because it wasn't your turn to buy because the gas was being rationed or food is being rationed, you sucked it up, You just did it. And it's awesome that we have all these freedoms, but it's like not everybody's willing to like either chip in or give them up for a day or help out and yeah,
I don't know. It sucks. I'm glad I'm, we're not the only state, but like that means everybody else's, you know, and everyone else is like in the same boat. Uh huh.
Yeah. That's why, you know, we're always trying by local and support the local businesses because that's what keeps your community to float and everything, but on this day and age, it's hard to have a restaurant when you can't have capacity because that's how they bring in the money and everything. And obviously once restaurants hurt the people who work and hurt and that's families and that's, you know, mom or dad might be a waitress or bartender or something and
if they're not bringing home money, they're not buying food, they gotta start tightening their budget and the people who spend money can't keep the economy going. So it's like, it's just like a downward drain and you know, unfortunately all of our senators and Congress people, they're all millionaires, They don't make $200,000 a year, they're not hurting, you know, like,
so at least they could do is, you know,
there are some food, I don't know, like
just a little, you know, like we're the ones that voted you guys in somehow. You make more money and more money and you retire. Millionaires get your salary shouldn't pay that much. Like. So how do you, how did that all accumulate? Like who's kickbacks did you take or what side deals have you got going on? Because you're, you're so felt so far well off us little people, you know? Come on.
my shirt is very inappropriate. It says my parents said I could be anything, so I became an asshole.
It's a little inappropriate.
Oh no, I hope on that. But yes, the shirt is meant to be funny, so
yes, this is uh
yeah,
I don't know what what survey this one thing was through and like you get to do a video channel like great, I look like a bum and here it goes. Yeah.
Oh thank you. That means you had some duds, which might not say much, but
no, no.
Yeah, it was through prolific, but whatever the school survey was that was doing it, I don't remember.
So how
are
the
uh the other chatters? Your your
delay, there's
a little worrying
please.
I was gonna say there's certain topics that maybe not, but Yes. Yeah. Yes,
So
right, wow. Four hours.
because I debate with my friends a lot and there's some of them who are center center right. I don't have anybody who's like a full blown right
and full blown like trump's border. Um but they'll definitely Republican where they're like, you know, the government should be balanced and budgets and we shouldn't be spending all this money all over the place and you know, certain things should go to states rights and you're like, you know what, I agree with you. I'm a lot of that. The problem is how you go about doing it because you guys don't do it in a way that is either nice or that makes sense to anybody. And if you want to be like fiscally conservative That's well and good. But then you can't be spending $700 billion dollars on the military every year. You want to balance
the budget,
you got to like spend 700 billion this year and then not spend seven billion that year eventually
you'll bounce your checkbooks. So if you want to talk like financial conservativism, great don't write checks, you can't cash because that's how we should be. But that's that's where governments running. So, you know, and then go on.
when when they talk about like education, I pay taxes, I'd rather pay more taxes if it meant money went to schools because that will be our future. Kids being smarter kids going to school. Like it's such an important thing to me because I don't want a bunch of idiots living around me. I'd rather than be smart. I'd rather than be able to go get a job. I'd rather than, you know, continue education and I think it's very important. And a lot of the republican friends are like, well they should, you know get a job and pay for our own school and you're like yeah what I have to do and I agree with you. But there's people who need an extra
boost and let's give them that boost. Like all the well off people I know who paid for their kids school wings. Great. Are they better people are the worst people. Doesn't matter. But there's a bunch of people who could use a helping hand and and it costs you a couple pennies a year like what's the harm? Uh huh.
And then and you can't even it's gotten to the point where you can't even have a conversation or debate because it quickly goes off the rails and it just goes into like the whole realm of almost like insanity. I don't get it. I I I've tried to talk, I tried the reason I tried to have conversations and nothing
fruit
comes out of it. Yes nothing doctor comes out of it. Like I I just I don't know it doesn't give me positive feelings for the future. When if I had to think of somebody and be like you know what? They got a good heart, they got a good mind, they're going to try and do something or at least they're just not going to burn the world down and this other side is like screw you, I want mine and I'm gonna burn the world down and you're like that's not cool,
you know? No that's not nice. Yeah. And
that's where we're
at these days.
So the weird thing is that they've already come out with a couple of studies that have shown that trump space is uneducated. They've already come out and said like most are like high school, there's some college but once you get to like a four year degree or PhD or masters, they also start leaning more left. And if you never make it through a four year college, you're already leaning right. Um I didn't want to really believe that because it seemed like, you know, you're saying okay, if you're not educated, you just automatically dumb. But that's like their world view hasn't been taught or hasn't been fostered. Um, and maybe you get that with education, maybe you get the global picture of, hey, it's not just the United States, there's
whole planet Earth and those are the countries, they might not be better than us. They might not have the technology of us doesn't make them any better or less or whatever, but like at least we know they exist and for the base it's all me, me, mine and they say my state or my city or they say like just me and I said that I think about, you know, what's, what's going on in other states, I don't live in California, but I care what's going on over there, I care that it's on fire.
You know, I care about texas and new Orleans getting hit with hurricanes. Like I kind of care, I I don't want death and destruction, so can't do much about it. No, but there's groups that can and those are helpful groups and those are awesome. So maybe I can donate money to those causes, you know, red cross whatever. But yeah, with, with the uneducated base, it's almost like they don't think about global things, they don't think about global impacts. They don't think about all of those things. And you have to wonder is that education and intellectually like taught or conversed about that they don't get because it's it's no uh surprise that a lot of the Red States are usually the lowest in education and are the lowest in poverty and you start to go lowest education, lowest in poverty, like or highest in poverty and lowest in education, so you're all poor and don't have education and you're very red. Hmm
well now it's starting to make sense. Yeah.
How many
times have you
moved, like in your lifetime?
More
than four?
Okay.
You probably have more empathy and openness towards it versus there's a horrible generalization I know, but like
if you go to a southern state in the bible belt and they see somebody with not a white skin complexion, it's all of a sudden, who are they, who they're bad other evil, they're up to no good, like I don't want them in my city and you're like, wow, Like you don't know nothing about this person, You don't know what they're doing, what they've been up to. You don't know if they're coming to like buy a house or open a business, like you don't know anything about them, but you've automatically judge them. You already like put them into a bad like typecast of a person and until somebody has wronged you, you shouldn't have any of those kind of thoughts. You should give every person like the benefit of the doubt because we're all people like, wow.
Yeah, but you won't get that. Like it's, it's like a sense of decency or something, I can't think of the right word. But yeah,
you won't get those in other states and that's very sad. I think the lack of diversity, it seems to just like push them further and further into their maybe bad belief system. Um, like growing up, it was always like the South seemed to have racist beliefs and that's kind of what you were taught in history, class North, 1st South Civil War. And they're saying like we could have the same thing now next year or thank God hasn't happened yet, but it's now looking like an US versus them kind of thing. And that's when a lot of people are like, it's educated versus uneducated because they don't have that open view of things. So they're close minded, they're closed off. They're not, oh seeking, we're willing to give empathy to anybody. And um,
because one of my cousins was a military kid, he moved around a lot and he did, he did, he went from michigan to like texas, to California, uh, to Kentucky back to michigan. And he was like some of these neighborhoods like we're just horrible. And I was like, oh wow, I've always lived in the same spot, but at least, you know, oh, I never had a closed mindedness, I guess.
so if we ever get out of this pandemic, hopefully we do. I don't know how much longer it's gonna be, could be a couple of months. It's good to hear other people are struggling through just like everybody else.
Well, yes, yes.
Uh I'm already fearing because like, nobody knows if we're going to have a return to normalcy, nobody knows that right now. We have no idea. Uh I know my dogs in every basket cases though, If we ever returned
because they're like, you've been all day, you've been home with us all day for like the last like 10 years of our lives, you know, there's only been months. They're gonna be like, wait, we gotta go back in the great no, I don't like this, what I do when they're gonna be like totally like shell shocked. So I don't see that happening anytime soon, but dogs have been definitely spoiled. So for now
it's not that bad, but for us it sucks
you as well.
Share
bonding over misery. Yeah.
So
to,
yes, I hope we don't lose too much sanity. Uh help your family, stay safe,
enjoy the weather and
Yeah, well you got that one going at least. Um Weirdly, my one coworker friend who moved out there, he told me
he bought a house and his realtor had to guide him away from lava zones. And I was like, the hell's lava zones, Like that sounds like a bad thing. And he goes, yeah, like big pockets of lava could just open up below your house or something. And I'm like, what? He's like, Oh yeah, they got insurance. So it's all good. And I'm like, yeah, but if you're out mowing your grass, you step into a lava pocket. Like what are you going? What, what's going on? Is that a real thing? I thought he was joking with me. That's the real thing.
Yes. I don't remember what island is on. Uh, I don't know. Ask your parents if they had to learn about lava zones when they were
looking, if they're going to be looking or moving or anything like that. Like and see this is something that I have to deal with ice and thunder and bad storms, but I have to deal with a lot of that. That was what might work. Yeah. As long as you learn something new every day. Yeah. So
Well, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day because your day is just beginning. Really.
What do you guys?
five hours?
Uh, almost six pm
Fat online. So enjoy this your day.