SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Oh Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oops it was not this is good yeah and it's yeah. Uh huh. Okay I do. Uh Right yeah Mhm Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah Mhm. Yeah Mhm Mhm. Oh I mhm. Okay. Uh huh Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Not much I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Andrew great doesn't want to make a difference to me.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Lauren.
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: whereabouts are you located? All right well I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: in California.
SPEAKER_L: mm second person I talked to us for the study from California, the other one was from uh a stanford student I think
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm in southern California, so a little bit different but it's crazy. Yeah. Once I got paired with a person who lived in a county, one county away from where I am, it's pretty crazy. Well how's your monday?
SPEAKER_L: it's been all right you know can't complain I suppose we're saying something more interesting to say about it but you know it's just doctor's appointments and work mostly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you having snow there? I know it's snowing in some parts.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it did snow this morning but it's mostly but that nicely melted you know and it's uh it's back to just being full which is cold and kind of mm we're still in the part of all that I actually like a little bit you know once
SPEAKER_R: too
SPEAKER_L: you get
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: yet.
SPEAKER_L: you get. So what did you get so cold? You know then I don't but falls falls actually my favorite season usually you know so it's all right when it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: not raining. I mean it's raining all the time. That kind of wounds the whole fall thing.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Are the leaves
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: changing and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah they are.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. Yeah. We don't really get that much here so. Yeah. Yeah. Well did you do anything interesting this weekend?
SPEAKER_L: uh I went I'm a geo caster. I like to go find uh jackasses and so I I went on an excursion yesterday which is a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. Did you find all the caches?
SPEAKER_L: I found three out of four you know and some were really like they were really clever, you know? One of the ones had this uh locking mechanism where you had to like transfer marble some like one side of a container to another. And another one was very clever that it was hidden among like eight or 9 decoy containers. But the main one I went afterwards I found a bunch of stages in but then I'm going to go back with someone who can spot me at some point because it was a little too dangerous for me to go on my own. I might be going back tomorrow or Tuesday, not like that dangerous, but you have to like get to this, you have to like watch this damn. And I was worried that I was gonna fall and maybe like twist my ankle, you know, or something. I wanted to have someone who can, you know, spot me if need be. But my dad, my dad, my dad and I might go back there tomorrow or Wednesday maybe it was, it was nice. You know, I got a lot of what got a lot of exercising. So that was good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. How do you find out where they are?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I go to G. O. Casting dot com is a million million all website or anything that are like technically other competitor websites but they're mostly not really for the thing or anything. And the guy, the guy who's placed these cast as I like a lot like he's very he's very responsive like hell email. He already emailed me back because I posted that I had issues finding it with some more directions and all that stuff. Many places. The more like uh adventure CASS is you know what I like? He did one called uh was a Place Beyond the Pines which is really really cool. Which was probably probably the most day. I like the more adventurous ones. You know it was probably the most dangerous cast I ever went after that because it was at the top of like this event in Weathervane. So I ended up climbing up like 60 70 80 ft up there,
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's
SPEAKER_L: which was really, really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That sounds
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: know, he's he's and he said, you know, if I have found that one, which I did, I should be able to do this one. So I think maybe maybe just having my dad to come with me to give me like advice and like other angles and all that stuff and with some more more um direct directions, you know, I'm
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: gonna make me go after it again.
SPEAKER_R: We're cool.
SPEAKER_L: That was the main thing I did that week. And normally normally I volunteer for uh do political campaigning, but it's it's so close to the election that they just decided, you know, we're not gonna, there really isn't much point in dropping off pamphlets, you know, at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I think people have made their decisions I guess. Mhm yep. It's a stressful time when it comes to politics.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is me and my I don't talk politics in my house, you know that much. I mean, we all we all, I'm not gonna get I'm not going to get the detailed stuff here either, but you know, we we all lean one direction, but there's people who lean a lot further than I do. So we end up, you know, I I don't I don't talk about politics. Well, I talk about polling and stuff like that, but I don't talk about like, you know, detailed stuff really. Because
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it just,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: it does, it ends up with us yelling and we have the same things over and over again and much more to the point of that. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well I just filled out my ballot today actually. Senator
SPEAKER_L: everyone else in my house has already voted. So I'm happy about that, including my mom who hadn't voted for in a lot of previous elections and he voted last time you voted this time. So I hope that maybe I've I've helped a little bit talking and doing that more often, So that's it's a good thing, we all but we all voted, but we all voted by mail and dropped it in the drop box over here.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, I have to go take mine, I didn't want to mail it just because,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: if there's any, like, you know, slow down to anything, yeah, we had re elected to drop it off to, well, can't complain, at least, you know, in Illinois and things have been, things are mostly stable and all that stuff like there hasn't there hasn't been much, you know, issues with that, or it's been it's been pretty easy process. There's a lot more, there's a lot more signs than there used to be, you know, both for and against, you know, various things, you know, initiatives and stuff like that, you know, so it's I think it's I think it's good that people are becoming more politically active, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely, absolutely
SPEAKER_L: I'd rather I'd rather have more people vote even if they vote for the people, I don't want to win. You know, I'd rather,
SPEAKER_R: potential.
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did the outreach I did was just get out the vote. It wasn't like vote for this person, it was just like please go vote.
SPEAKER_L: mm I think, you know, even if it leads to people, I don't like winning. If if we could, if I could wave a magic wand and have 100% of the population vote, I would, I would do that in a heartbeat. I think it's, I think it's important,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely, Well, first,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The volunteering I did was just pamphlet dropping. Just drop, drop them on welcome. It's drop them on the inside of screen doors and all that stuff. But they didn't, they did it until they went out and they went out. So normally normally normally I've been doing, I've been picking those up sunday and it's doing a little bit of each like blocks of houses like, you know, in successive days, but they didn't have that anymore.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, it's pretty crazy. There's a there's a school board race here actually where like they've spent more money competing against each other than like the city council races combined, It's so crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I've got, I've got signs in my yard for like every single candidate this time and every initiative. I have them for both of my, my state representative, my federal representative, both of the county board members, I think multiple judges an initiative, you know, a federal one. We've got, we've got we've got plenty.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I mean, I I still I still ascribed that all political extremism, was it uh was it was Newt Gingrich who questionable stuff aside, you know, had you had a good turn of phrase, we said, you know, all all politics is local, you know, local elections doesn't really, they're not really sexy, you know, but there important like who, who, who is your local, you know, person will affect your day to day life a lot more than who. It's not like Illinois, which is, you know, as solid late, you know, blue as you'll find, you know, local way says you're a lot more, they're not they're not sexy, but they're important. You know,
SPEAKER_R: when you have more access to those people than you do, you know, obviously,
SPEAKER_L: I'm the
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: one who's running
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for state representative, you know, is actually the mayor of my town. So there's, I don't know if he's going to win and I voted for him, you know, and I campaigned for him a little bit, but I don't know if I have a sign. I don't know if he's going to win though, because I don't know about if he's got a base outside of our town or I think it's the state representative. I think it's still where we live in the surrounding places that are more for his opponent. He's been a good mayor, you know, as far as I can tell, moderate, you know, which you have to kind of have to be around here, you know, nice guy, you know, I've never met him in like direct person or anything, but like, you know, I've I've approved in general the way the town has been one since he's been mayor. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it seems like a nice guy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Think he has a side. At least we'll see won't know until, you know.
SPEAKER_R: That's right. That's right. Well we we rent a house and we just moved and they were like they were like you can't put up political signs so we don't think we can only have decorations. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it could be a problem. We've had, we've had issues with homeowners associations here, but not really when it comes to like political stuff more just like I don't even know really or something like that. I don't have like I don't have like horror stories about that, you know? But it's been, we'll see, I think we're going to go to jail people in this neighborhood and mostly for good are becoming more, I think willing to like express, they're like political,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: inclination
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: and all that stuff, which I'd always rather have, even if it's people I don't agree with, I'd rather have them out, you know what open about it at all. Like the amount of like, you know, signs has like drastically, you know increased, which is good. It's okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: like you said more engagement is always good no matter if it agrees with yours or not.
SPEAKER_L: I I I I'm into politics a lot. So I I know a lot. I I'd be in favor of something like they do in Australia where it's like mandatory voting. What they find you if you don't vote or something or you know, what you really need to do is and what I hope they might do is make a make election day, you know, holiday, you
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: know, so everyone can vote, you know, make, you know, automatic voter registration, weight choice voting, which, you know, I think would be a big thing about, you know, uh breaking the two party system, which I think, you know, it's a really bad thing, but the only state, the only state that's doing that is name at the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: moment.
SPEAKER_R: was gonna think I thought there was one state that had done was going to do that this year. Yeah I couldn't
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: doing it now in federal elections, I did it for state elections, you know, first, but there was there was some big controversy about that, because the person who ended up winning was who ended up losing was ahead on the first count, but then eventually, you know, the west of people who couldn't move on through the votes to the second choice was his challenger, you know, all this stuff, but I think it would it would stop the whole having to vote for one side, because you have to make sure that the other side doesn't win, and you'll be able to more like, you know, vote for a third party or anything, because, like, I would I would have voted third party this year except, you know, if I don't vote for the the other person wins or anything like that. So I did I did a whole, I did a whole uh presentation on rank choice voting for a speech class, like in college actually. So it's something I know a fair bit about
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah hopefully that hopefully that spreads to more places because I do think it's a better way to
SPEAKER_L: in certain, in certain places, it definitely has a little bit, it's it's in local places, it's around, you know, colorado and California. I think in some places I saw his local stuff remains the only one that's doing it. And uh and names got a kind of Maine has kind of got a, I don't want to say, I'm trying to think, not like frontier spirit, but they have sort of a way of doing things that I think is more like,
SPEAKER_R: Very well.
SPEAKER_L: like even before ranked choice voting, the uh one of their senators is independent, so they're more like they're more willing to maine and Alaska are the places that are more willing to fuck
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: the whole, you know, to party orthodoxy.
SPEAKER_R: for sure yeah here's to that. Yeah. No, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well are you a student still are you working?
SPEAKER_L: No, my grad I graduated before the whole pandemic thing hit.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's lucky.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was lucky, but also as I was hoping this year and maybe go to get a four year degree, but I ended up taking a hold on that until we figure out if we're all gonna die or anything, you know? But I wanted I wanted to I was actually interested in getting a political science degree maybe, but you know, we're gonna we're gonna see if we're gonna see, we're gonna see even after this all this stuff passes about how education is going to work now and all that stuff so, you know, But I I enjoyed the a lot my time in college very much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's good. Well
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: has
SPEAKER_L: tried
SPEAKER_R: your family stayed healthy for the most part during this?
SPEAKER_L: uh Yeah, I think so. You know, if you talk about like, no, none of us have gotten golden or anything, you know, mental health issues has been some issues, you know, my dad, my dad had had to deal with cancer treatments doing this, but he's now
SPEAKER_R: possible.
SPEAKER_L: cancer free, so that's good, you know? But no, none of us, none of us has gotten anything, you know, and you know, my mom got an antibody test and didn't that didn't come back. So we're mostly we're also keeping safe and for me it's I didn't really have much of a social life before this, so not not my mental health was going down a little bit, but you know, not uh you know, not much else has changed for me. I'm not one of those persons who would like I know a lot of people, things have gotten a lot worse for them because they used to be out doing things and all that stuff, but like I, you know, I didn't really do much bond beyond, you know, beyond like nature walking, maybe concerts, I used to do a few and I'm concert to I missed that and and movies, I missed that a little bit. You know what I miss? Uh Miss jim because I can't do gym around around here because it's not safe enough. He's at the moment, you know, so I missed that, but it hasn't been spin away, I think, you know, there's a lot of better people, you know, who are, who haven't gotten sick or anything, you know, a lot of people are worse off. So I'm I'm thankful that work mostly of a dodge the bullet right now. We'll see
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. It's it's scary going into the winter to think about how things are going to be
SPEAKER_L: uh we don't really have any like family members who are going to come over any like events to go to. So I think we'll be okay Wisconsin is having a huge outbreak, you know, right
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: now, which is uh and even even even, even though I'm always ticking upwards a little bit, but it's again, it's mostly as far as I can tell that you mostly get if you're talking to people In close quarters for like 15 minutes or more or something and we don't really do any of that. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think it was the Illinois the director of public health or something. I think we saw a video kind of breaking down when they were doing the daily report of the number of cases.
SPEAKER_L: it's been, it's been getting worse a little bit, but you know, some of that Chicago I think because it's our county is up a bit, but it's hard to tell exactly where that's coming. I didn't, I didn't see the numbers. I think Chicago probably because there's a dense and probably some numbers maybe from like southern Illinois because Illinois is a lot is a lot more uh you know, uh huh Yahoo a little bit, you know with this always like not caring about masks and all that stuff, you know, But we'll see. I think I mostly approve of their their handling of it. They've done all right. You know, they're not like amazing or anything and I don't really think I don't, I would
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: still be kind of in favor of much more like shutdowns, you know, but they mostly they mostly just selected the let most of those things expire and all that stuff and
SPEAKER_R: well yeah I don't
SPEAKER_L: I get
SPEAKER_R: satan.
SPEAKER_L: I get why people want to come back to their daily lives, you know, but at the same time you don't, you don't want to get sick.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah it's like regardless of what we want, the virus is still very much alive. So yeah we uh they were pretty aggressive with it here and then like shutting down and everything but I feel like they eased up too soon so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I get why they did that because the economy, you know, can crater, you know like I I I I obviously have issues with the way certain people in this country have definitely dealt with it, you know, governors and federal and all the stuff at the same time. I I cut them a little bit of slack because it's so complicated, you know about how like, you know, you wanna like assume people will be safe enough because if you don't reopen certain things then people are going to starve people are gonna get evicted, people are going to, I'm glad I don't ever have to make those kind of decisions because it would be very much like, you know, you, I'd be constantly like second guessing myself for eternity trying to do that. These
SPEAKER_R: It's not
SPEAKER_L: people have objectively done it wrong and objectively done it white, but at the same time there's a middle ground of people who done the best they could or you can do is do the best you can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I've said before like if your mayor of a town of any size especially like a large city like I don't know how you sleep at night, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Mm I don't know. We've mostly this county has been a little bit of but
SPEAKER_R: shit.
SPEAKER_L: I I don't think we've mostly had much issues. Yeah, I'm listening to at least in the town or anything but that I don't know, you know, I wouldn't I wouldn't be I'm glad you know, I don't have to like make those kind of decisions because making them would be kind of you know would be you'd Western with those questions a lot you know and things things I'm complicated
SPEAKER_R: Total very complicated. Yeah. Yes. Indeed. Well are you going to celebrate Halloween in any way?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I don't know. We're thinking about maybe just like leaving they're still going trick or treating so we're going to probably leave, we're gonna probably leave from Candy outside you know? But other than that you know I used to be a I used to be I was really big into the haunted houses which I used to love but those you can't really do right now you know? So I don't know you know we're gonna father leave some kids. I don't I don't know if we're leaving candy out or just starting our lights off you know because they're going to do it you know? But I don't get I don't know that's another thing at me like you know, why are you? Uh huh. I guess if you just take them from outside you know then you're probably fine if you're not opening doors you know and all that stuff and like handing them out. But I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're I have two kids, we're not gonna trick or treat
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: can imagine when I was like you know 10-11 was really big into that that I would be like you know, I would be apoplectic about you know you know not being able to do with anything and all that stuff. But I grew up a little bit, I used to love, I used to love trick or treating. I still have some of my costumes, someone around here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it's definitely fun but we're going to try to figure out other stuff to do to make up for it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm I might, I might talk, I might watch some horror movies and my brother maybe, you know, we'll see. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think we're gonna dress up dress up the dog. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I think we tried to put our dog in a costume one time. It did not work out for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah we have a french bulldog and be there, he's very tolerant or just knows he can't really escape whatever we try to do to himself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Our dog, you know? Well, my mom's dog mostly doesn't really listen to anyone about anything. You know, I mean, he listens to hope sometimes he's her dog. I mean, he's technically our dog, but you know, she was the one who was who fostered him and like, you know, who went out to see him the first time, So he's like attached to her, like they had
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that happens,
SPEAKER_L: I like him. You know, I think he likes me well enough. But he's also I think if I think of all the rest of the family other than my mom died all of a sudden he wouldn't notice. But you know, I like I like him well enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He's her dog for sure. What kind of dog is it?
SPEAKER_L: He's a retrieve lab retriever mix of some kind. I think the black dog no name is hank
SPEAKER_R: Hank Oh that's a good name.
SPEAKER_L: getting up there a little bit, but he still is crazy as ever.
SPEAKER_R: What money do you guys have any other pets?
SPEAKER_L: No, we used to have a cat but you know, he died unfortunately. You know, we used to have a lot more. I think I think my parents a lot more cats than they were when when we were younger that I don't really remember that well. You know we talked about maybe at some point getting a second dog for to keep him company or anything. But again, I just don't know about the whole things are things are left, you know you don't want to deal with like adoptions and all that stuff and I don't know I don't know how he reacts to other dogs too is the thing. But he gets crazy and barking whenever he sees any other ones outside. So I don't know if you wouldn't know Willie until you try. I suppose it would be like
SPEAKER_R: And it could go
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: either way
SPEAKER_L: just it just keeps if he just keeps up us all night with parking you know that's kind of pretty be kind of annoying
SPEAKER_R: for their Yeah. I would not be good. Not good at all. Yeah we want well everybody in my family is like they want another dog but like let's just get on with one for now and see how things are going.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah I get that. I've always heard that you're supposed to get like multiple dogs or something so they can be friends or multiple animals. But I don't know he's I think he's happy enough you know on his own and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: There's so many we're all here except my husband's only one out of the house. So right now there's plenty of company. But yeah when things go back to normal it will definitely be a different story.
SPEAKER_L: yeah when when whenever my mom and my dad leave, like, you know, they always say to me, you know, leave your dog and he'll come by you. He never comes by me. He literally doesn't share downstairs with a curtain window and he will literally by the driver and he will literally just like, you know, lie there and like stare out the window until everyone comes home, you know, or anything. You know, he doesn't his he doesn't really care about me or anything, you know, But he doesn't like I don't I don't think he hates me or anything. It's like, you know, indifferent to my existence. No, I think that's 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well it's good to talk to you
SPEAKER_L: It's going to talk to you too.
SPEAKER_R: All right take care.