What's up?
What's your name?
I'm Lauren.
whereabouts are you located? All right well I'm
in California.
yeah I'm in southern California, so a little bit different but it's crazy. Yeah. Once I got paired with a person who lived in a county, one county away from where I am, it's pretty crazy. Well how's your monday?
Yeah. Are you having snow there? I know it's snowing in some parts.
too
bad
yet.
What?
Right. Are the leaves
changing and stuff?
That's nice. Yeah. We don't really get that much here so. Yeah. Yeah. Well did you do anything interesting this weekend?
Oh cool. Did you find all the caches?
Yeah. That's cool. How do you find out where they are?
Oh wow, that's
Yeah. That sounds
fun.
for
We're cool.
Right. I think people have made their decisions I guess. Mhm yep. It's a stressful time when it comes to politics.
No,
no.
Yeah, well I just filled out my ballot today actually. Senator
yeah, yeah, I have to go take mine, I didn't want to mail it just because,
you know.
Absolutely, absolutely
potential.
Yeah, I did the outreach I did was just get out the vote. It wasn't like vote for this person, it was just like please go vote.
Absolutely, Well, first,
yeah, yeah, it's pretty crazy. There's a there's a school board race here actually where like they've spent more money competing against each other than like the city council races combined, It's so crazy.
Yeah, that's good.
when you have more access to those people than you do, you know, obviously,
so
I
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right. That's right. Well we we rent a house and we just moved and they were like they were like you can't put up political signs so we don't think we can only have decorations. Right.
What
or
what?
like you said more engagement is always good no matter if it agrees with yours or not.
For
I
was gonna think I thought there was one state that had done was going to do that this year. Yeah I couldn't
remember.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah hopefully that hopefully that spreads to more places because I do think it's a better way to
Very well.
but
for sure yeah here's to that. Yeah. No, yep.
Well are you a student still are you working?
Well that's lucky.
Yeah that's good. Well
has
your family stayed healthy for the most part during this?
possible.
Right. Yeah. It's it's scary going into the winter to think about how things are going to be
what?
Yeah, I think it was the Illinois the director of public health or something. I think we saw a video kind of breaking down when they were doing the daily report of the number of cases.
You
well yeah I don't
satan.
Right. Yeah it's like regardless of what we want, the virus is still very much alive. So yeah we uh they were pretty aggressive with it here and then like shutting down and everything but I feel like they eased up too soon so.
It's not
Yeah. Yeah I've said before like if your mayor of a town of any size especially like a large city like I don't know how you sleep at night, you know?
shit.
Total very complicated. Yeah. Yes. Indeed. Well are you going to celebrate Halloween in any way?
Yeah. We're I have two kids, we're not gonna trick or treat
it.
Yeah I mean it's definitely fun but we're going to try to figure out other stuff to do to make up for it.
Yeah I think we're gonna dress up dress up the dog. Yeah.
Oh yeah we have a french bulldog and be there, he's very tolerant or just knows he can't really escape whatever we try to do to himself. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah that happens,
Yeah. He's her dog for sure. What kind of dog is it?
Hank Oh that's a good name.
What money do you guys have any other pets?
And it could go
either way
for their Yeah. I would not be good. Not good at all. Yeah we want well everybody in my family is like they want another dog but like let's just get on with one for now and see how things are going.
All
There's so many we're all here except my husband's only one out of the house. So right now there's plenty of company. But yeah when things go back to normal it will definitely be a different story.
All right. Well it's good to talk to you
All right take care.