Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What he Yeah. Up to now. Oh, boy. Okay. Yesterday. I'm sure you're getting better. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Could you? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Make music. But try to and shoot. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, how are you?
I am good. Thank you. How's it how's it going? Well? Yeah.
How's
it
How was your
day?
yeah. Where do you work?
What do you
work
for? Yeah,
It is good to.
Oh, you had a busy day?
Yeah. Yeah. So you, have you worked like all six days or alternate or how?
Okay. Nice. It's a it's a good thing. I like pets, but at some point maybe in the future we would have one. Yeah. Yeah.
So
how's
this?
Probably Oh, yeah, Yeah. How's this prolific thing going on for you?
yesterday I got one really good one. But then since yesterday I didn't get any throughout the
day.
I
kept on checking like at random times. But you know there will be days once you 11 day like you will get like 3, 4, 6, 7. But then there will be days that you won't get a lot. So it's like give and take kind of thing.
No.
So you just
leave
it open on the side. Yeah.
Yeah.
Since how long you've been using this? Mm.
nice. Is that nice? That's why I just started like sometime in june or july I think. Yeah.
No, I mean in box like this video conversation that we're having, this is the third time I'm doing. So they said that a participant can participate like four times four times the most. So this is the third time I'm doing and I'm just assuming that I'll be eligible for one more after that I would like to do it. But that depends on if they prove it or not. But other than that I even in the in box, I don't get a lot. But just on the home page, like it will just pop up and then if I see it, if I'm fortunate enough to just see it at the right time, then I'll do it. But then, you know, there are, there are times that you can do it. You know, you're busy and you missed it and those kind of things. So it's not like you can rely on it. It's yeah, it's good to have it, but it can be like a full time thing.
So, so what I'll tell you if you might have already tried it. So if you see something like that just keep tapping on it. You know? Sometimes sometimes, yeah, I have tried it so some just keep tapping on it. Sometimes it may work sometimes it doesn't you know.
Aaliyah
higher higher incentive. Er Yeah exactly. And you definitely don't want to miss those but it's just give and take kind of thing. Yeah. Tried any other website or app or something like that.
Quick thoughts
I
heard about it. Yeah. I haven't used it. Yeah I heard from somebody over the internet about it but I haven't used it a lot. Does it give like good incentive or?
you
can
do
it then. Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah.
Oh that's nice
shop.
People use amazon a lot anyway so it's a good thing. Yeah.
Yeah exactly.
Oh yeah, that's a good idea. I never thought about it. Read it. Okay.
Code
for
surveys.
Mm.
Yeah. I don't remember how I found prolific. I guess I got some suggestion from somebody in my email this told me about prolific and they told me about amazon turk. So I didn't try amazon turk. I just tried prolific one and I really like it because I think the quality of surveys are very, very great on prolific. Then I might have seen some other side like Surveymonkey and couple of websites. So this has really good quality of service. And the good part is let's say if some survey didn't work for you or in the middle it broke or technical issue or something like that. You can straight talk to the researcher and they can send you again to do it and you can directly be in contact with the person who is responsible for the survey.
And it
repeated
surveys,
you know.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, these these prolific ones I what I noticed great lately mostly from like researchers who are students who are working on one or the other project in the universities as part of their major curriculum and those kind of things. Yeah.
So
what
I what I realized the other day I was in a survey and the guy was a student in University of Indiana or somewhere in the US. and I believe he was conducting this research for 60 applicants. There were 60 participants in that study. And uh I believe he paid by himself. I'm assuming that or maybe like certain percentage probably university will provide or like the professors and might be contributing. But if that is the part of his major project as a part of like graduation or something like that or like an internship and all. And he would want to show something some data, I guess they decided just to spend that money. It will help them. Yeah, but
I'm not 100% sure. I I always wonder how do these websites make money, like are they getting money from the companies or how are they making money or? It is just because the people are taking service. Is there a way that they are making money just based on that? I don't know. I'm like, if I know something like that, I can just start a website like doing that rather than me taking
Yeah. At the end of the day, if let's say this prolific website, like somebody owns the website, right? How do they get money? I I understand that researcher paid to the website and web site pays us website keeps the share from the researcher probably. And researcher gets the data they need for their products. That's the only thing I can wrap my head around. But then there are so many other websites also where it just website only. I don't see any research like sort of a bunkie doesn't have any researcher. It just service from the website. So how do they get that money? Well, I don't know. I mean at the end of the day, as long as we are getting we're good trade.
He
How
did you did you try to find find it out already? Like how do
these people make money?
I'm
Yeah. Like how do these researchers website make money. Right. Yeah. And
and research and development is a major I would say major area that will never die. You know that that will always be there. It's not like a recession thing. They will always need data. Data is gold in the current environment. So you know they need information. All the companies need information for their products. Like the other day I was testing one of the products that that was something like the ship it to your home, You test it and you give your feedback and those kind of things you know?
Yeah I did that for once. It was like some let's say you do some exercise and all, it was some CBD cream for your for relaxing your muscles and all after you work out. So they just wanted the feedback like you use it for a week and let us know on a daily basis online. Like how do you feel it are? What did you like about it? But you didn't like about it? How relaxing was it for you? So that's that kind of so based on the feedback probably companies decide to whether go with product in the market or not or what kind of improvement they want to make in the product. Mm.
No, it wasn't on prolific. It was it was somewhere else I think it I got because what I, what happens with me on my facebook, I see these kind of posts. So I keep on liking those posts and then I keep on getting more. So I guess I just got from one of them from there. Yeah.
So
add Yes. So the thing that I noticed is if you google more about it and your facebook and google are connected like the same email, id and same account. Eventually facebook realizes that person is searching about it. You will start getting those kind of ads on your facebook and then you will see more and more of it. If you will browse more You will see more and then eventually you will find more. So that's why I just keep on browsing one or the other and then I randomly pick one. I guess it was just one of those. Yeah
so
try
so try this ribbit ribbit as to an R. E B A T E. S. T. Not sure if you might have heard about it. So rebate as dot com. What it does is like I ordered a couple of products from there. So what they do, Let's say a product is $50. So they will ask you to order the product from amazon and then once you get the product you keep it try it. Don't go back to the best, tell them your order number and amount you paid and then go back to amazon after a few days post your review based on your feedback right? And then verify that review between amazon and repeat test. And then they will give you the exact amount refund to you. So technically let's say if you are a A fan right? For $50 so you paid $50 but you will get $50 back and you will also get to keep the fan in case you find some product which you really like and want to use it. So because of the pandemic thing, I ordered a tarp a meter which is like $65. So I ordered it. I use it, I use it and I kept it, I reviewed it and then they sent me Money $65. That's $65. I can we draw it to my paypal. So but they are not like a whole lot of products but you know once in a valuable find, hey let's let me just try it. We'll keep it because eventually that will be free.
Yeah. I bet that's R E B A T E S T. Yeah, that's, that's the one I found and I recently use. So I can say positive about it because I used the product and then I put the feedback and then I reviewed it and then they gave the money back. So that was the good one. Other than that, I don't, I don't know, there are very less product related websites. I believe there are always some clinical research and all that's going on. But you know those are like they want you to take certain medications. They want you to try some kind of medical device and all. I don't want to do that. Yeah.
Testable
mind. No. Right.
I don't know. What
does it do?
Does it have like good quality studies though?
And how long is the story? Like what kind of studies?
This is an is it's similar like surveys and all
all.
More more
like activity based.
I got I got one similar survey yesterday where it was like identify the images, identify the sounds and Um take a track, keep a track of pattern. You know that kind of servant probably it or some like $4 something. So that was a good one. So that's the same on testable minds.
And
and you you've been using that from like quite a while.
I
mean.
Oh that's nice. I mean whatever you can get you know it's good.
Yeah. Little things celebrate especially nowadays when because of this pandemic, when you were spending more time staying home and you know that
it's a good thing to have. So how is everything with you and around you in terms of this coronavirus thing?
Yeah.
Good.
Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You had pretty, yeah. You had pretty bad, rough days or not days, even months, you know.
Taking
of
precautions.
How, how do you see people outside they are they really conscious about it or using masks a lot or you see a lot of people not using it. Mhm.
But now
not.
That's crazy. Yeah,
I mean
here. Yeah, it is really. Unfortunately, some people really just don't realize, you know, they are putting their life at risk and somebody else is also, I'm in columbus Ohio. So here also we have mandatory mask advisory but you know, I see people all the time they don't follow and I see people who follow as well, especially stores, grocery stores, retail stores like target amazon, target with by walmart. They definite Costco, they are definitely having only those customers who are wearing mask but then once in a while you will see them that they don't wear masks and then they are also providing the mask to customers who don't have but still people, you know, they just don't listen. Mhm. Because
I think now people are so people are so annoyed probably now because it's been so long they want to get out and then do their things normally like they used to do it and I think they are just probably accepting. Yeah, we just got to live with it. Mhm. Okay.
and florida
florida has been very florida has been pretty bad too. Yeah.
But.
Oh yeah exactly. Like I know that the number of cases have become law, that is probably because the testing has also become law testing is also decreased and fortunately the number of deaths are also coming down. But until and unless we get a vaccine or a long term solution I guess there will always be people roaming around without knowing that they are infected and then spreading it around as well. Mhm.
Oh yeah, I I was hearing that in september or right around at least before the election. Yeah.
And I also think even if the vaccine comes out how easily it will be available for like everybody or how comfortable how comfortable everybody is going to be taking it, you know, there will always be people like no we don't want to take it because people will always be skeptical like because normally works in takes years to get approval you know? And now everything is becoming like so super fast, people will be doubting it like how good it's going to be, what are the side effects whether it has been tested properly and those kind of things, I think the bottom bottom line is you get a keep your guards high, protect yourself and then you know wear mask and use sanitizers and protect yourself, protect others, that's the most from individual
side
you can do
protecting others.
exact
that's
the main thing. Mhm
They
are
putting
everybody
else is at risk here.
you
do
it.
I mean like for example new Zealand, New Zealand was case free, there were no cases for more than 100 days and then all of a sudden they had like a few cases and then they delayed their elections. So it's really so unpredictable right now where we're going to be in the winter with this this thing, you know how people will do their daily things in the winter like somewhere we know, okay, we can stay at home days or longer, you know once in a while you will go for a walk here and there. But what you're gonna do in the winter when it's especially in new york, like Our east coast like it's not like 4:00 in the extreme winter For 4:30, it's like dark outside, like how people are gonna do like long nights and staying more at home. Yeah and every day there is something new coming up, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Well it is crazy and you know because the only thing is it is so unprecedented. Nobody ever experienced this at least in our lifetime, you know, so it's just
going
to be more careful.
No. Mhm.
Oh yeah, we were, we were in Canada and we came right a week before before they close the border. Yeah.
You know and fortunate enough for me as well like you that I didn't have to lose the job or hours, I was able to continue working from home, you know. So that went well and from gold Grace and fortunately everything is fine around but it just things have been impacted so much. You know you plan to travel places, meet friends, family, you can do that and then that's that's the only thing I think other than that, you know with the help of technology, everybody is able to connect with everybody even staying at home. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Well I think this thing should be done right.
Good
to. Yeah, I believe,
I think you,
I
think
he just closed the window and we were really nice talking to you.
cooler
and
you
too. Take care, yep.
Thank you. Bye.