Good, how are you?
getting back from working so it's been
it's
been a long day
but
good. Good um excited to have off tomorrow. Uh
Has everything
with
you?
um
Good. I am I work for a music company on the side a walk dogs. So um while I'm while I'm doing that that's kind of like it's at all hours of the day so I'm just getting back from doing that now. So
busy day. Yeah.
Um All seven days pretty much like I have a regular schedule with my regular job but um of like monday through saturday, but then when I walk dogs I walk them like uh monday through sunday so.
Yeah. Yeah
there
are a lot of
work.
Good. Um Okay you know I'm getting a lot more studies than people say that they usually get. I feel like what about you? Yeah
you
done
anything?
Yeah I think so too. I I don't think it can be like a full time type thing. Um I
leave it open like during the day because I work on the computer so um I
leave
it open
Um
And sometimes you're right like some days it uh pops up and it's like really good and other days you get like nothing you might not get a full for like a full day. So. Yeah.
Probably like seven months I want to say.
maybe it's like you get more studies you'll get more in like your inbox. I'm not sure but.
Yeah and some of them are hard to get into like sometimes they pop up and they only have three places and those three places are taken in a split second so there's no way you can get in there.
Oh I'll have to try that next time. Um Usually they're good ones too. Like those are the good ones that you always miss for
like the higher higher incentive.
Um Let's see I've been working with this one a lot. I've been working with um Quick thoughts.
Have you ever
used that?
it's $2 per survey and the survey is can last anywhere from like two minutes all the way through 30 minutes. So the 30 minute ones aren't usually worth your time. Um But the like 2 to 5 minute ones are I I think like if you're um just outside taking a walk or something like that
I think it's
worth
it.
Um
And then you can cash out in either amazon gift card or Itunes gift card. So
I would usually cash out and like amazon gift card and then just use it to to buy
either like a like a Visa gift card or um or get something off amazon, you know? Yeah.
exactly. Um I
use I use Reddit a lot to find new sites though. Do do you ever use that?
Reddit has um its own like little niche of people who post sites like once a day of
like the best, the highest rated sites to use.
So
um for surveys. Yeah, so
that's where I found prolific. Really, so.
Yeah, I like that too. Um
I think it yeah, this website is definitely very high quality, which I like a lot um Other than like some of the other ones sometimes are just kind of you
can make a
quick,
yeah, you can make a quick buck but they're not kind of either they're not worth your time or they're just not high quality, so.
I've always wondered where they get the money like to pay us. I guess it's
part
of their
Hm
because I wonder if the researchers have to pay to use the site, but then why don't we have to pay? I don't know. Mhm.
Yeah, I guess it
doesn't matter as long as we make some, but it would be nice to know because then then you could start your own website and then you would know what you're doing.
You know,
I
didn't, but that's a good question, I bet a lot of people know that too. That
is a good question.
mm.
Oh you did that,
Where where did you find that one? Not on prolific.
so it was like an ad
poster like that?
I've always I've always been interested in like those product testing ones, but I've
never found
one that was like legit.
I'm gonna write that down right now.
I don't want to do that either. There is one um that I use besides this one. It's testable minds. Have you heard of that
1?
it's almost
this
it's almost the same as prolific. Um It's research studies and uh it's just that you have to, it has less studies so that's the only thing. Um
Yeah, they're very good quality um and they pay they pay well to um most like the studies that I've done so far Have paid like $8 per study
Uh between like 15 and 30 minutes.
Um It's like
it's more like research, so it's more clinical. Oh
it was like
exactly, it was more like identifying faces and um listening to sounds and you know stuff like that.
Yeah that's that's what they do there and that's all I found on there so far is like the clinical aspect where you actually have to. It's not it's not
so much survey based as it is like clinical based.
That one I just started using probably about a month ago but I've already cashed out
about
$35.
Yeah. Yeah I mean not much but you know $35 is $35 so.
Absolutely.
Uh You know it's all right. I am I work from home anyway so it didn't take too much of a hit on my job luckily. Um Okay families
okay so that wasn't an issue either. Um
And everything everything else is luckily pretty okay. I'm in new york so um
little bit of an epicenter.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's still, I mean no one's really talking about it anymore but it's still pretty bad here. Um So we're still uh were we
still have
to
go out with our masks and our you know our sanitizer and all of that, so um you're just taking precautions,
a lot of people are not taking it very seriously, so there are a lot of people, especially like in the beginning they were taking it seriously, but now that we're
whatever
four months in um they're just sick of it at this point, so especially now that we're in the summer, a lot of people are just outside um you know jogging or taking a walk or whatever and no one's wearing a mask and everyone's together and everyone's at the park and everyone's just doing whatever they want without social distancing or anything like that. So um
is,
it's
And
And I mean I know the lower states like Louisiana and florida and all that. They're not even wearing masks anymore, they're just
letting it happen.
mean I don't
they just stopped altogether and that's not how this thing is going to stop. So
I know a couple of pharmaceutical companies are supposed to our supposedly releasing a vaccine in september but.
Exactly. They were going to release a vaccine but I don't I don't know where that stands. So.
I think as long
as you're taking
taking the proper precautions, you know, it's because I think people forget that they're they're not just protecting themselves when they're wearing the mask there, like
spreading it to others, so when
they walk
in,
yeah, when they walk into that deli that is full of people and they're not wearing their mask, they can spread it
to all
of
those
people,
right? And and I think they're just trying to be um they're they're being a little bit selfish there
by
doing
that so um I don't know.
Yeah,
I don't know. The world is crazy.
no
one expected
this either. I mean
personally I I'd like to plan and we were ready to go um right at the beginning of March um I had a trip planned to go out of the country and and then they shut right before we were about to leave, they shut the border um
thank goodness you got back. Um
definitely.
Yeah I think so too. I think we did it um I think we're good to go. So
what
click
I just we just exit out here. Is that
what
we
okay? Yeah. It was great to talk to you to have have
a great rest of your night and
take
care.
Thanks.
Bye.