No.
All right, I'm good. How are you?
How about you?
I'm just west of Chicago here. Okay, so
So I imagine you are also just like a random prolific user such as myself, uh
looking to score $14 to talk about nothing for 25
minutes.
All right.
Great.
Yeah. You know.
that's true.
Yeah, I got a few jobs. I call bingo on the side too. Yeah. Not now because of Covid, but what? Uh lots of side gigs.
No side gigs. Yes. Main job. No. Uh I sell websites, so things are actually okay. But how about you?
Yeah, No. Um Yeah, no, I found out about prolific. Are you are you familiar with reddit?
Yeah. No, I um are you familiar with swag books?
I
ah What's that?
Yeah, I've been on swag bucks for at least three or four years. It's gone downhill. Um But sometimes they will have like really good offers. Like there was one where as long as you were a new user and you completed one lift drive they gave you an extra $200. So I was a lift driver once made you know $205. Um And then they had another one for door dash to. Um I I still have all this stuff that I could go do a door dash right now if I wanted. But um I would actually do a few dashes but after bingo just to kind of squeeze all the revenue out of the day I could. So
Right and that's that's the truth so um yeah no there's there's some good offers here and there at swag books. Um What else? Um Oh here's another one. Um It's the website's called Market Force shopper. Market Force shopper dot
com.
So that is where you can sign up to be an independent freelance um
A secret shopper mystery shopper.
Um Yeah no I did that. I haven't done it because of Covid, but um I would go to Five Guys restaurants, I don't they got those over their burgers and stuff and I would assess, you know, the cleanliness, the quality of the food
and I would get reimbursed my meal and six bucks. So I did that a lot.
Is there?
Yeah, I don't know about that. But with Market Force you know I got free five guys and six bucks. I did that at least 50 between 50 and 100 times throughout a couple of years. And then they had papa john's on there where they would just reimburse you. So it's basically free pizza as long as he took pictures of it, typed a few sentences.
Um So yeah that's that's another one. Market force. Um uh Swag books. Oh do you uh have you ever heard of Shop Kick? So here I'm gonna,
I mean yeah, Shop Kick. S. H. O. P. K. I. C. K. Um So it's an app on your phone and it's kind of fun. It's like a scavenger hunt. So if you um and some stores have more kicks than others. So um walmart has a lot of kicks and all you do is you take your phone and you scan barcodes of whatever
they have on there.
Well it's predetermined. Like they want to make sure that displays are impactful I imagine, or that people are seeing a new product that's in stock. So yeah, so like, you know, if you could see that. Yeah. So
yeah, there's shampoo bottles and stuff like
that.
Yeah, it will not even a picture, you just put up, you
hit
the scan
button and it will scan the barcode and you get points and then you can redeem those points. You could do paypal. But I just do, I use this to pay for like fun stuff. Um but in the past, let's see, I joined june of 2018 and I have redeemed $673. So yeah, this is how I fund
my video games and my not adult responsibilities. Um So yeah, shop kick
shop kick in Swag books. I haven't been on market forces shopper in a while.
Yeah, no that's true.
Well swag
swag
bucks gets your rebates, it for certain, certain online retailers. Swag bucks will get your rebates. So um yeah, pretty much if you ever sign up for a service or um yeah, if you ever book a trip, I do it through five bucks through Expedia or whatever and get like 3% back, it's like an extra like 15 20 bucks. So uh
yeah, pretty much so um
yeah boys been, I was born on like the south side of Chicago and then just moved progressively west.
you know that was pretty young when I
lived there.
Yeah, there's the
Yeah,
there's a good blues place right off of uh Volvo and michigan avenue. Funny guys, that's what it is buddy guys, That's a good place for blues
renew
awesome. Yeah, it's uh it's good. I like it here except the taxes in Illinois are no fun.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
yeah right on help so Alright, we're where would you were rolling through this? I got uh let's see about halfway home during the day
married.
I
got to the
page
early though, so
on. I'm surprised they didn't give us more direction.
No.
that's what I picked up and I'm like what a what are they trying to quantify or measure here? Um
Ah Yeah I figured I would check this out. 14 bucks. There's I mean there was through swag bucks. They had ones that lasted a long time, but it was more like a market research. So it's like, hey you know Campbell's is coming out with the new soup, What do you think of this commercial? What do you think of this one? What do you what do you think of this one? Why did you like that one? So I've done though is uh typically those pay a little better too.
You
you
yeah it's called user interviews. Okay. I'll check it out. Yeah there was uh I worked at a mall once and I made friends with the survey lady. So whenever she surveyed on she just give me a call and there was this one where a man whose gross uh they were marlborough was um it was like Tibet toothpicks dipped in tobacco was the product and they were disgusting and I just
had to use them um or not use them and then come back every week. But I worked at the mall so it wasn't
out of my way. And uh yeah through that I made it
was about $450.
It was was rolling
for
like, yeah
it is crazy because it was like 70 bucks a week for
like eight weeks. And then at the end I had to go to some office where they had the the the mirror but it's like a one
way mirror. So there's other people and they like ask me a bunch
of questions
and stuff.
Yeah, those were disgusting.
But uh
no, no you don't.
So well I had a had a hand in that.
Yeah it was dis
disgusting.
who wants that?
It's
it was
dreadful.
Um But yeah through that I got like a free ice cream and I got a free pair of shoes. There was one where um it was through absolute, they were testing out different new brands of vodka and yeah and like I got paid $30 and if I brought a designated driver uh they'd get $15 just for hanging out someone like hey you know let's get hammered and I received a total of three teaspoons of alcohol
like.
Well yeah,
glad he's here stumbling out of there after my three teaspoons. It was just silly like whoa I thought I was going to get hammered, like what's going on here?
but it's 30 bucks so
you know
cut him off
so ah
yeah, I know all kinds of wacky adventures and my side gig hustling. So
yeah, but anyway, what I was gonna say before about Reddit, there's a subreddit, it's called Beer Money. Mhm.
it's
no it's not that it's it's a subreddit called beer money where the people list like the place that's how I found about prolific. Uh they list all the ways that they made side money, beer money. Um So yeah, that's and I really like this because what I do because I'm in front of my computer all day selling websites and sometimes it's slow, but I'm still hitting my code is so um you know on my lunch breaks, I'll check out these or after hours um Yeah and uh prolific has been good. I don't even know what, I don't even know what I'm saving up for. I just storing all this money.
Hey.
then it's consistent.
that's what,
yeah, If you do swag books, their surveys or trash, it's terrible. That's why I really like prolific because I'm like already pre screened with swag bucks.
You know, it'll be a 20 minute survey, 12 minutes in.
It'll
be like, sorry, you're disqualified,
And
right. It's kind of cool. I didn't know that you had to trans, uh you had to transfer from pounds to dollars. So when I went to go buy something, it's like, you have 27 cents. I'm like, what? So then I had to google and I figured it out.
But
yeah, I just looked it up. How to convert pounds, $2 in Paypal and
go, oh yeah, I don't, I just leave it in
Paypal.
Yeah, that's, and I'll probably use it for christmas presents and maybe get myself something. But I mean I'm saving money but not going out. I haven't used my car much at all.
yeah, I would just use it to go to bingo, but uh, but that shut down.
You got three kids,
wife?
Yeah.
Yeah. Well it's a whole new ballgame when you work from home and you have three kids home schooling in a 1200 square foot house. So.
Yeah, no, it's, it's some days are better than others, but it's also, it's kind of cool because I can eat lunch with them and spend time with and so pros and cons.
But uh,
of,
I'll probably be
working from home going forward,
and he's definitely been difficult times, but there's been some pros and kinds of, all this really.
huge
parties,
Uh
Yeah,
yeah, man,
yeah, this this is going right on along, so like I imagine once we get to the time I just hit the blue arrow on the main screen and then it will prompt me to do the rest of all of everything and
then
and then uh
then a completion code will populate and all
that good stuff
yeah, that's true, that's
that's true,
that's cool, you can do this more than once to um yeah, I just stumbled upon it and I almost did it during a lunch break, but like it may have get a call come in and that would have would
not happen again,
so.
yeah, yeah,
So
yeah, just uh or control Home two.
Yeah pretty much. But yeah no I mean it's been a been a decent year actually.
Work's been actually pretty good
when
I saw website specifically to dental practices.
I that's right. I can't code or any of that jazz. I just position our services. Um Online marketing, attracting new patients, all that stuff. Um So yeah and a lot of dental offices are going paperless because of everything. So um
you
know.
Right that's some of the things we sell is the practice management software, the online forms that are hipAA compliant, things like that. So um yeah it's actually been I've been fortunate I'm aware of that things
and then.
Before this I worked at Gamestop and that would have been terrible tank all this especially used gains and the client. No, it was glad I got out what I did.
Yeah. You know, we uh, we're doing our best because you know, with young kids you don't want to shelter them from the world, but you got to be careful. So it's a delicate balance because you don't want their whole world to be upside down.
Yeah. So we try to do outdoor stuff and you know, like movie nights special this weekend around the house.
But yeah, that's been tough. But, and like I said, pros and cons, pros and cons.
I mean, well,
and we'll see how it all comes together open to move.
Um, a bigger house who were there is space for home schooling and me to work. So it's probably gonna be further west as you go away from Chicago gets cheaper. So
yeah. So probably look west further.
All right. Well you want to give it just like one more minute just in case.
Yeah, I've been hosed on things like this before, so uh
yeah, so um yeah, and sending in all those things about emailing customers support, not having that. So um I guess uh closing thoughts. Uh It was nice meeting you.
Um My name is john by the way.
Yes. Yeah. Let's just end with the introductions. I love it. Good
stuff.
Devora. That's uh I think that's the name of a mortal kombat character.
Yeah, it's spelled differently with like D. Apostrophe but something to look up once. There you go.
I'm gonna look it up right now. Yeah, it's uh D. Apostrophe V. O. R. A. H.
Yep. That's very much immortal combat character. I believe. She has like insect powers of some kind. So, you know it you learn something new.
Fantastic. All right. And now I feel comfortable calling it. Well, it's been a pleasure.
All right. Take care.
Yes, you too.
All right. But