Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Victoria always have it tonight. Come on. Oh, that's probably, yeah. Hi
Harry,
I'm jen All right. Where are you uh from where are you in the country or world or whatever? Okay,
I'm in texas DFW area. Arlington. Yeah,
And time in Chicago when I was in college. Yes. Okay.
Oh,
Thanks.
You got it. Mhm.
You
know how do you make a living?
You know, we got to do whatever we can
tough.
So is the covid situation, you know, making things roughly financially the
Um that's pretty much the same, you know, trying to earn money doing this. I'm on disability because of a control her injury that limits what I can do. I'm still trying to find something, you know that where you can like actually make at least minimum wage.
Mhm. Um I haven't done read it as far as how this stuff goes, so I don't know much about that. I found out about it uh in an article about someone suddenly about em turf, which is when I've been working for a while now, this was a better platform.
Yeah, I have heard of swag bucks w
church.
Have you tried that one?
Shit, believe it or not, I'm when you know, like uh one income was enough to support an entire family and that it's like now you need, you know, three or four jobs to support one person. It's crazy.
what
happened?
Just
is that a real one?
Well,
yeah, yeah,
I get a lot of emails from these places that claim to be, you know, like a secret secret shopper thing. But then when I google them, they're like a total ribbon. And I can kind of tell because they promised like you'll make $250.10 minutes. I'm like, yeah, Ok,
Well,
shop kick.
whatever,
whatever you're looking for.
Yeah.
They
say look for something, take a picture of it to prove you saw it
of
the
archive,
No.
Champion.
No. Well, I mean if there, if you have to go places, it's really difficult right now. I
mean you would think that there would be things like that for online shopping. So
I
mean,
so like if we travel again.
So did you grow up um, in the area? You love her?
That's where I spent uh much of my twenties because my sister went to the University of Chicago. I was at the University of Michigan. It was a five hour train ride. It spent a lot of weekends on the south side of Chicago. We used to go to the gym, regard the checkerboard lounge or you're either,
So
awesome. Blues. They've got, they've got really great blues there. So, I mean, what you do is whoever had the junkie ist car would drive and you just leave it unlocked so people can look through it and not break windows or anything. And so here's some amazing blues one.
One time Mick Jagger showed up just to jam, but I got out before we could get there, so we weren't able to get in. I mean, it's not a huge place, it's like the size of kind of a small bar. That was really cool too to see Mick jagger up that close. Yeah. Uh huh.
Okay.
yeah. When I first moved here and argue with a lot of Texans about where the best blues came from because they're all that delta. Just that, it's the southern blues down here is the real boys of banana, Chicago blues
as
well. Are they fun anywhere?
I mean, here we don't in texas, they don't have taxes, so to speak. Uh, you don't, we're going to have state taxes, but we pay like so much more in taxes for everything we buy. So it's like, you end up, it's actually end up paying more and you don't get any refund or anything like that because it's just, it's just by purchasing stuff. So it seemed really cool. Oh, we're not gonna have state thanks. It's not, it's like, okay. But wow, these, you go to the garbage. I was like, oh my gosh, it was really high. Uh it balances out.
A 10? We started just before eight. That's what I've got
because you'll get like a little clock thing on the side because that
both
are
talking.
And that starts before we start talking. So I was just going by the regular clock one cade.
Yeah. Have you done any of this before?
Okay. This is my third one. So basically you're just supposed to just start talking like you would, if you were to get a part of europe over like that and just somebody introduced you and it's like, okay, come up with conversations. Uh
They ask you a lot of questions afterwards about the conversation and stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I just got on a new one and can't remember what it's called. Oh, user interviews. I haven't really done anything yet, but they definitely pay. You know, somebody I had a conversation with on this uh last time told me about it. It's like
there's different topics. Yeah. If you just google user interviews that takes you there, you know, some
of them like 100 bucks.
What?
Check.
That's good.
Well
I
it
well because
what,
what
people
are watching
you
and that's,
yes, they didn't work out well because you don't, you don't see them on the market.
Why?
I don't know why. What a ridiculous idea.
It's
like, you know, why not just have like tobacco flavored about wash. Oh,
to floss or whatever. I mean let's get
standard cinnamon meant. Yeah, those were good.
Back
up.
you
brought
drive along
That's pretty funny. Whoa.
go down.
Tricky spoons is usually my limit. What
the
just,
yeah, it's like,
Somebody did mention beer money but didn't say it was read it because I tried matt
and I got all these things about beer. I'm like, no.
This is approach free money basically. That's like I do this outside money. But yeah,
prolific is really good because it definitely pays better than mturk and then for a while. Okay.
Yeah. Because you know, there were some months, I made like $400 a month on entered and then it's like, you know, months that it's a struggle to make, you know 30 you're working
hours just don't know.
Box
They
say
yeah, that happens on enter sometimes so it's really annoying. It's like shit I just put it on or sometimes you get to the end of it, it doesn't give you a completion code so hate at all. It's
been every choice in one day and they were like $5 jobs so they were like an hour each and then I never got never got reimbursed. So it's like it's really suck. Plus paralympic is paid in pounds so you actually get more than what you thinking? Which is
No.
Hell you mean to do it that way?
I mean I used to have to do that initially. Now they just do it automatically when when I get paid automatically converted when they sent it to my bank.
you
are making for buying stuff.
No it's it's barely used my current when I do it feels so strange now to drive or just you know. Yeah.
Do you have a family or what?
well
how old are your kids? Oh for
ages enjoy it. They grow up way too fast.
I can imagine I uh went back to school and my kids be younger and it's like trying to study and it's like
Mhm. Of course
and yeah minor
around so
places.
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to find something I can do from home that you can you know take breaks because like if I take too long or anything like that on the computer at my neck and shoulder locks up so every two hours I've got to put ice on it. It makes it really hard to find thing. I mean I was I mean I'm trained as a graphic artist, but it's a very youth oriented industry. Finding anything, but that is like next to impossible. Yeah.
Yeah. Boy, when it's over. Yeah, last
night.
Yeah, definitely, definitely. It's like it just, Oh, I've been seen in like almost a year. Mhm.
Well, you know, on zoom and stuff like that. Yeah. It was not quite the same as saying people in person. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Five more minutes. We're good.
Not
much questions and you know. Mhm.
It went out.
I
don't think there's a completion code on this because we don't do it like through the prolific site. Exactly. They just send you money like it's a bonus. I have been paid every time. So obviously I wouldn't be true
now,
but
You're
rushing.
It would be difficult. Mm. Mm.
Yeah, he's pretty,
come on.
on everything from home.
No.
Yeah well that's good. What kind of
weapons do yourself? Oh
who so you don't have love them or anything? You just promote you just pull us all them,
a lot of pretty much everything is going paperless these days and that you
can
pay online and all that stuff it's so much easier.
well it's I mean
it's definitely something that's that's going to be around for a while. It's not you know with some jobs disappearing you know because of either outsourcing or automation. Have something right now that is neither. Well I don't get that at the moment.
Very good. Uh You wanna mess with this stuff from what I've been hearing? Mhm
yeah and I'll indoors like that.
blanket
yeah And and apparently there may be uh crap. My, just my mind went blank. I want to call it a shot that the Pfizer came up with. That could be approved. Maybe it
will take probably 16 months to get out to people. But still, I mean that there's actually something there has been so be nice.
Where are you hoping to go?
of course. Yeah,
good luck with that. Looks like we got our time, let's say 25 I think we started like a minute before eight or something. So
sure that's fine. I definitely want to make sure to get paid.
yeah,
it was nice to meet you.
I'm Deborah,
we're
doing a little backwards, but Hey, that's cool.
Is it look
Usually, you know like, I don't know anybody else to his, my name around here. Now, if I lived in Israel and I live in quite a few, it's a group, Yeah.
Oh, okay. It's, it's spelled almost right? Yeah.
There you go.
you too. You take
everything.
Thank you. All