SPEAKER_L: Yeah frequent. Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. From yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you.
SPEAKER_R: That's good to hear. Hi my name is Alex, Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: Hi Alex nice to meet you. My name is Perry. Mhm. So
SPEAKER_R: do you live by the East Coast?
SPEAKER_L: I do live on the East Coast. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm here actually. Live in right by D. C. I'm in Virginia.
SPEAKER_L: Okay well I'm uh I'm I'm based in Virginia. Richmond Virginia. Um But I'm actually on the West Coast today so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. Uh
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: straight.
SPEAKER_L: so so you you
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: live in the D. C. Area you said?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, mm Virginia. But I'm really close to the sea.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay so you are you a student? You're Alex?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm a full time student at I think you heard of Gm You? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Gm. Gm. You
SPEAKER_R: George Mason University. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yes sorry I'm originally from Canada so I've been in the States a long time but so I went to college in Canada a long time ago. So yes I'm not really that what do you take at gmu,
SPEAKER_R: um A double degree. Actually not a double major because double majors without uh for double major, that's if you're going to be a S. But for double degree, I'm doing a B. CS, Bachelors, Computer science I. T.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: And also a B. A. And music pedagogy. So I'm a double degree,
SPEAKER_L: wow. Music and computer science wow.
SPEAKER_R: I would have I just have ideas of backup. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It is a backup What in case the
SPEAKER_R: Welcome
SPEAKER_L: music career doesn't work at it
SPEAKER_R: if I get injured. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if you get injured in the music career?
SPEAKER_R: In the music you're because I tend to get injured easily and like I like I know the whole perception or like the whole notion for like music is that, you know, you're gonna be broke, which is, it depends on the instrument. Like if you're a brass player, you're gonna be kind of broke, let's be honest. And that's your professor. You can be kind of broke as a brass if your strings because I'm a violinist, I feel like a cellist or any of the strings except base. It depends if you're well known, if you have a reputation, you can get upwards of like my own instructor. He has his own studio, He does Freelancing all the time. He gets upwards of 150 k before the virus. So it really depends what, like what reputation is, especially since this area is so big. There's a lot of before, Coronavirus, there's a lot of gigs now. There's not much. Yeah, There were a lot. They usually pay upwards of like, depending, um, since I'm not a collegiate yet, I haven't graduated, I can only charge like its modest for me to charge around 1 41 60 for a wedding. But when I graduate that just doubles, I can charge upwards of like 3 23 60.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, and so you you said you're a cellist, is that right?
SPEAKER_R: No violence. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I don't know why I heard jealous. Okay. Um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Alright, that's well, that's interesting. Okay, so what what what are you taking for you're seeing in your CS degree? Like what is is there a specialization you take? I have a math degree? Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you have a math degree?
SPEAKER_L: I went to the University of Waterloo. You might know that school because it's it's a very well known computer science math school. Do you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: heard,
SPEAKER_L: what or no?
SPEAKER_R: I heard her to waterloo, but, so you're a map. That's really like, that's okay. So like you've done a whole entire masters.
SPEAKER_L: no, I just have a bachelor of mathematics.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, Oh, thanks. A master. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't enjoy, I'll be honest, I did not enjoy college very much in retrospect. I should have enjoyed it more, but I didn't. I when I was a bartender through a lot of college and so I missed a lot of classes my first few years
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: intentionally but I ended up I did you know I ended up worked okay for me. So yeah I get a math degree a lot
SPEAKER_R: Prayer.
SPEAKER_L: of CS courses but stats and combinatorics optimization courses. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: into Taurus. Oh my God. That was a pain in my ass to figure out.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's a tough courses. Yeah so I've that's yeah that was my degree so so I certainly and I worked I worked in computer as well. I say I worked in computers. I started my career in programming and coding and that kind of stuff by I quickly moved actually out of the I. T. Side of that world. More into the management and marketing and sales
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see.
SPEAKER_L: work for software companies and different healthcare. It so which is what I'm currently in but. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see that. That's actually really cool. Huh? So, um, like go a little bit back on the comment or axe. I'm a sophomore right now. I have to take that, that class for us combinatorics. The whole
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: the whole
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: know right they call cno I hope for or? No.
SPEAKER_R: No, they just so that you mean the class,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is it called combinatorics optimization or just just combinatorics?
SPEAKER_R: it's actually a mixture of two different things. So one half of the class is python python six,
SPEAKER_L: okay. So they're teaching you to use python and applying it to combinatorics?
SPEAKER_R: yep. So it's like we we use python 6.3 or 6.6. And so one half of the classes, python, the other half of the class was combinatorics and I took that during the summer. So that was brutally difficult. I know the passenger for the class was like
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: 40% and I managed to get like a B just
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: in the cup.
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Very good.
SPEAKER_R: oh my God, like the thing I remember the thing that haunts me right now is just the card of decks. That's what haunts me I think, you know like you had a lot of problems saying like, you know, the card index has like that that's what you learned right? A lot of that.
SPEAKER_L: This by the way, this was a long time ago from me, but when I talked to someone who understands maybe
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like math courses at university, so they would have a better, they would know that that's a tough that's a tough, tough courses to take some really tough stats courses and some really tough. We call cno courses go through some of the tough courses for me, um, to take back some calculus and those kind of things. But that was a long time ago. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I say ha well that's that's really cool though but yeah and then right now I'm taking on So I'm not the maximum of credits you can take for a semester which is 18. Well I'm technically overloading by one credit because I have one incomplete classroom spring it was piano but you know you have a piano home but now I do so I'm overlooking by one credit. But the I. T. Courses I'm taking right now is to 13 which is web design and um yeah it's web design and the we're using dreamweaver python not a python. Dreamweaver adobe Photoshop and some other one I already have it installed. The other one's called. And then the other class I'm taking is I. T. 106 which is java and pseudo code. So yeah. You know you know a bit of job? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Actually a job as well for fun. I do some web stuff for fun. So my now I'm mostly just working with javascript and CSS html of course in a little PHP. But a long time ago I did a little dabbling in java sea back when I was in college. It was COBOL pascal, you know, languages that well. Actually if you're a COBOL code or you can actually do very well now because there's still lots of legacy systems around the need that. But yeah, so it's very different. I any job I would have done, I would have done just for fun for myself. So on the side it's doing some stuff. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't done coat,
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't done coding and like for professional, I haven't done coding forever. But again, I just do things now for a website. Like if I need to, If I needed to do something and it just takes a few lines of Javascript, I'll write it what I do. If I need a program written, I use fiber and I get someone in overseas to write me some code for 10 bucks. So, and then I install that. So, so yeah, because it's a lot. It's nice to know. But the truth is, well, here, let me, here's something that I used to get in trouble for saying, but I'll say it to you. Um
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: I look
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: at and I have an IT background, but my perception is that people who are technical computer people who do like coding, systems development and support. That's blue collar white collar work. And by that, I mean like for a bank or an insurance company or any business, the computer room is like shop floor. It's the factory floor where the workers are just keeping things going there. The people that come in, they don't necessarily, they're not they're marketing the business or doing anything like that. It's the factory for the business that you're in because you're running the machinery. So I'm, by the way I'm not in any way diminishing the value. It has tremendous value but it's it's you're not at the forefront
SPEAKER_R: You just
SPEAKER_L: of the business unless you work for a computer company that then it's then it's completely different. But but yeah but it's more of a commodity is what I mean and that's why if I need code written I can spend and this is where it's globalization is maybe a terrible thing in some fields. I can you know I can write an email as long as my specs are really detailed. I can have some code written and sent to me overnight.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's really
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But also
SPEAKER_L: But also
SPEAKER_R: your camera
SPEAKER_L: your camera
SPEAKER_R: went off.
SPEAKER_L: went off my camera. Yeah. No I can see you. I can see me by the
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: way,
SPEAKER_R: strange.
SPEAKER_L: by the way, I did see that your your screen went dark and now it's good when light again for a second, you're, the lighting on your side is changing now. It's bright again. So does that mean does that mean your cameras? I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: see you, I can see you.
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we go back to normal. I was about to leave and join back but yeah okay so it's back to normal but.
SPEAKER_L: But that's always been my thought on the computer. I think it's tremendous skills to have. But what I need stuff done because when I've worked my career I've worked with a lot of onshore companies, offshore companies, I've done all that kind of stuff. So it's uh it's great that no matter where you are in the world online, you can get something done quickly and cheaply. As long as you're really good at drafting specifications because they have to be super tight because generally things don't translate that are ambiguous at all so it's it's interesting but
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: I know nothing about playing the violin.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. Yeah I just I'm mostly focusing I'm using for right now because like a lot of my courses are mostly um they're like 70% music, 30% I. T. But in the summer it's 100% I. T. So that's why in the summer I take like nine credits or nine credits because I'm a soccer right now. So I only had one summer so far. So I took nine credits. So I made up for the I. T. Courses that I would have thought I was supposed to take more of them in spring and fall. I'm supposed to like two more so if we have three more so realizing also have six credits in the summer to make up. I just had one more to get that over with. But yeah that was really hard to pass and I'm being honest. But um yes it was mostly music base and then right now also to um for like the Dreamweaver stuff. I actually was talking to someone yesterday who does web design for a living and he's actually pretty close by and he told me he gets why they're teaching Dreamweaver. But it's kind of like ancient at this point because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: every uses brightness.
SPEAKER_L: was just I was going to say it's an old adobe technology that I'm not even sure they're even doing anything with it anymore.
SPEAKER_R: Now they updated. But all they do in the update is just like fix some really minor bugs like they're really obscure and they just put this happened a picture on it and you know charge 70 bucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I understand. No, I use yeah, like I said, you know, I just you know, I used the word perfect, you know, you buy it not word perfect were pressed by a theme, you know, maybe a little javascript, you know? But other than that
SPEAKER_R: Something
SPEAKER_L: there's not really a lot of reasons
SPEAKER_R: to work.
SPEAKER_L: to unless you're doing something very sophisticated on the back end, unless you have some kind of real interactivity where you need function at most. Most websites are just they're just basically, you know, entertainment information or what have you, right, it's not Anything else. Like I have some quizzes and things on mine, which is just a little bit of Javascript, but it's easier, so I was going to say pay someone $10 to do something or just get a plug in and plug it in that does the same thing, so yeah, Dreamweaver, I was surprised when you said Dreamweaver myself, I didn't even know they sold that anymore, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they did. I get it why they're teaching it Because anyway it is helpful to least have more context on web design. But the thing is to the people who are taking that course and that courses geared towards as I. T. People and a lot of the people in our I. T. Course are either um Like me general or I'm thinking if I had to go into cybersecurity because if I do cybersecurity it's only like 12 more credits and I don't mind like overloading in the summer. But um it's like going back to where I was, it's most people who are just doing like general or just um, cybersecurity. So dreamweaver to like I get using Photoshop Photoshop and the other one we're using, it's something else by adobe also. But it's um I know Photoshop is kind of useful now. It's pretty useful. But the thing is Dreamweaver.
SPEAKER_L: not useful,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, now everyone uses Wordpress and even like it's, it's uh and that's like the thing is the problem is too, is that okay back to Wordpress? I mean for me personally, I can spend hours trying to figure out like, like not even um getting a template just starting from scratch. Whereas Wordpress, I have thousands of templates which yeah, I am borrowing code, but still thousands of templates, no one really cares. They put it there
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: for a reason.
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: Thousands
SPEAKER_L: cares.
SPEAKER_R: thousands of templates. And it takes me like tasted like what, half an hour, maybe an hour tops to fully have a website ready to go. Whereas for Dreamweaver takes hours or even a couple of days.
SPEAKER_L: Yep, I agree, 100%,, 100%. You could be, there's so many adobe products that are out there and I actually personally have a beef with adobe, like I understand why they give their products free to schools because you get used to them and let Photoshop is a standard, but when you, I'm against subscriptions in software because you're paying forever. And there's a lot of products out there where you don't have a subscription, you buy it and you own it and that's uh you know when when you have to start paying for things and you can't buy it on the student discount anymore, although you can always figure
SPEAKER_R: Start.
SPEAKER_L: out a way to have student discount forever, which is great. But still, yeah, I'm kind of against ability because of their licensing and paying
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: perpetually and yeah, that's kind of my thing with adobe but they
SPEAKER_R: immediately
SPEAKER_L: have made but they make great products,
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Great
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: products.
SPEAKER_R: like for me for me I just don't like adobe also because I was even trying to before the semester started I knew I was going to get adobe the package like the subscription. I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: was trying my best to find like some torrent of Dreamweaver and Photoshop but I could not for the life that we found with the work everyone that every single one I found that work is either corrupted or it just refused to proceed because I had like some like whatever. So I'm like probably some like false value was set that pretty much refused to even load the program. And we kept saying you know purchased a legit edition.
SPEAKER_L: I went through my crack software phase number of years ago but getting the keys online and all that. But I I actually, yeah, I'm kind of, yeah, I'm uh I'm off of that now, you know what I mean? I don't know, I stopped, there's enough software out there that's cheap enough for a student, it's probably different, I'm surprised you actually have to, I thought that the either would be free or the prices would be so low that it wouldn't really matter so much like super low um
SPEAKER_R: so we don't really get a discount. It's ironic too because our whole entire I. T. And engineering department which are uh you know like they're uh together were funded by a lot of like multi million and billion dollar companies. Like even the same thing like the school of Music were funded by well funded actually by one billionaire right now. Yeah I think you've heard of Dewberry.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: guy's
SPEAKER_L: for me.
SPEAKER_R: like he's oh he's ancient but he is awesome
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: like he's oh he's a fun guy to be around. But back to engineering we have tons of that. And it's ironic too because like for the adobe you would expect a discount. I even search for a discount on like the G. M. U. I. T. Courses like you know the products they offer no discount whatsoever. You have to just purchase the, also there is a discount
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: get a student
SPEAKER_R: for the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: baby
SPEAKER_L: get a student price though. A student
SPEAKER_R: student
SPEAKER_L: price,
SPEAKER_R: price. Yeah but you'd expect it to be free from the amount of funding we have I mean we are I mean our buildings always been renovated every like year. It's always been like added onto and there's always like a ton of funding but still like you know paying for that because a lot of college students I'm paying off like um my tuition right now thank God has paid off on my like my my mom because she doesn't mind paying for it. But um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: I also like right now to have some money on the side to invest in or whatever I have again research studies and also to also teach. So I teach three students and I'm probably gonna teach two more soon um in person. Not unlike is they're fine with in person for now. But that's that's why I teach. I have some extra income of the Sun and then also doing research studies and when I'm not doing homework or whatever, I'm other teaching our research studies. So, but even for some people, it's not like that because I have some money to spend on the side, which is fine. But for other people, like my classmates, they live on campus there, you're stuck there. And also to, it's even more difficult for them to even teach because most of them are gonna have a car there just relegated to Jamie because some of them come from over states.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So do you do you live at home?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I live at home actually commute, luckily because I live close enough to Gm you um I think you've heard of Manassas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: asa says
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I live jess on like the brink of like 35 minutes, 30 minutes if I speed to GM you. So that's why I'm able to just have a reduced like an insane amount of reduced tuition compared to like my colleagues.
SPEAKER_L: okay, and how many how many of your classes are actually in person now because I know people I know people who are going to college, you maybe have one class in person and almost everything else is online or,
SPEAKER_R: Uh For me personally, no classes, I'm not gonna waste like um a parking pass, like the cheapest parking path that's consistent for the semester cost. Like it's a general parking pass that cost like 304 100 bucks, it's not even guaranteed a spot because sometimes all the spots are taken, sometimes by bus is due, So that's why I don't like. And the one I used to have in the spring, and the fall in the spring semester was the Rappahannock, which cost it's 700 bucks. So yeah, I have no classes also to my professor who I studied under my violin professor. If she was in person I would go, but because she's immuno compromised, there's no way I'm going also to, so unless she goes back on campus, I'll think about going back on campus. But for now it's online lessons and online.
SPEAKER_L: okay, so everything is online, so you'd never go to, you said you tutored some students though?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I do
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: actually leave the house to go. Um, the one time I leave the house was like to drop off some checks I got from my students or help out my old instructor with like some gig or whatever, but usually teaching now. So I just teach consistent the weekends.
SPEAKER_L: so I'm curious, how do you feel that? How do you feel that the covid virus is in your area? Like how do you, your family like you, are you guys cautious less cautious? I'm just curious.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, we're definitely more cautious because I know there's a lot of people, especially those, you know, um, I noticed mostly for me, I'm neutral on the political spectrum. I, I know both sides
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: are scumbags,
SPEAKER_L: checking.
SPEAKER_R: they're both sides, both sides are discussing if we're being honest, there dis coming, it's no longer like Kennedy's era for being honest. But um, I know it's a lot more republicans, especially like, you know, the extreme and evangelicals or the methodist christians who are like, you know, masks are bad, oh my god, I hate that. But in this area, so there, I mean it's a lot of um it's manassas, so it's a mixture of like Hispanics and whites, but even then there's not a lot of christians over here, which is actually kind of good because there's not a lot of people without wearing masks, but if I go a little bit up north to like um I want to say like by
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Mclean, you know where McClain is? Right,
SPEAKER_L: Of course, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I want to say by Mclean in some areas like that, I know there's a lot of christian like mega houses there and I know that he masks, I've already heard about it, so
SPEAKER_L: By
SPEAKER_R: that's why
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: way,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I think just to give a, not that I'm just to clarify, um
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I would think the word, you're probably looking for Evangelical versus evangelical is probably a better basket than the christian by the way, I'm atheist, so I'm not offended by and I was raised catholic so I don't really care either way. But uh I'm actually in Canada right now, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see,
SPEAKER_L: my wife and I decided to leave because I'm a Canadian. I'm a dual citizen, Canadian american. So I was able to come to Canada, so um and I'm in the west coast of Canada for me. Yeah it was yeah, it's a little more people are a little more compliant here, I think things a little more seriously, so that's why we decided to leave for a while just to leave, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I see, that makes sense, but like I'm kind of stuck here anyway, but luckily the area people were the masks, everything's fine. But yeah, like I know the evangelicals and the method because I want to, I'm I'm mostly like atheist agnostic, but I was also raised like a full and roman catholic,
SPEAKER_L: me too.
SPEAKER_R: but the only thing I believe in is the flying spaghetti monster you've heard about him.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yes, I've heard of that. And you also heard about the teapot, have you heard about the the teapot?
SPEAKER_R: I haven't heard about the teapot but I've heard but
SPEAKER_L: I know what you're talking about, I know what you're talking about. Yes
SPEAKER_R: and I just love, like I remember my instructor roberts and he told me he attended a gig once where they actually believed in that. So the wedding, you know, like every wedding is usually based on like a religious theme mostly.
SPEAKER_L: sir.
SPEAKER_R: So it was based around that whole religion that like flying spaghetti monster. So he said that when he was there, the reception was before the wedding, so everyone was already dropped and everyone common like pirates suits like they it was like Halloween and before the like the bride and the groom kissed. I forgot who was like, you know, someone reading some like excerpt would like break like raw pasta over their head. You know like raw pasta steaks. I just really want to attend. It's hard, it's really awesome because everyone just stumbling around.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds great, that sounds great by the way, I think that most people will be absolutely fine, I'm not super concerned about. That's not true, I'm quite concerned uh for for a lot of people, it is
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: because it is quite a serious thing, but I think, you know this too shall pass, you know, a lot of things have happened in the world. This, this will, this will pass as well, so. Right.
SPEAKER_R: But then the reaper, the repercussions is what bothers me too because I also feel bad for um a lot of the Asians because remember you remember after 9 11 there was a lot of like stigma against Muslims specifically and the same thing's happening. But this time to asians will stay, that's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: what I've really been seeing. I don't know if you've been saying that, that's why I've mostly noted.
SPEAKER_L: well I can say we're the city that I'm in has a very high asian population and uh and yeah, there's some of that. I think it's I think that there will be a lot less and quite honestly, if I could be anywhere in the world right now, I'd prefer to be in Asia because because asians have gone through situations like this in the past, there much more compliant, respectful
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in terms of the culture is overall. And then um then certainly what we have right now in north America, it's kind of a mess in North America in my opinion.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it definitely is Especially how the president, you know, they, the president's response was kind of uh, it was a deal breaker for everyone, how we handled it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: we're being honest.
SPEAKER_L: by the way, I hope what you're saying is true. I hope what you're saying is true. I hope
SPEAKER_R: Other
SPEAKER_L: most people, I hope that it is a deal breaker for most people on how I hope that's true until, until it's all over and he's out of office and he accepted things. I won't be, I won't believe it. I, I just not that I'm I'm not pessimistic, I'm very optimistic. But at the same time I don't want people to be optimistic that there will be changed until there's change. I want them celebrating the change. I don't want them celebrating that there's going to be changed. You know what I mean? Those are two different things
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. But also to like, yeah, because before this, I didn't like trump. The only thing I liked from him was, well, partly the economy, But also so the tax break was a double edged sword. So from my mom specifically, she got a massive tax break. But the problem is, and only it happened this year. We couldn't get deductibles for my stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: understand,
SPEAKER_R: couldn't like, yeah, the bow, my violin, all of that. We were able to get abducted. Whereas this year, for some reason we are, we can't, but last year in the last previous years we weren't able to after he passed that. But even then I just didn't like it because you know didn't really have a filter. None of it didn't really have he didn't have it. I don't like that
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, I don't like anything that he did. So
SPEAKER_R: opinion of.
SPEAKER_L: not nothing in life is free. Cutting taxes is easy to say. I don't believe that business businesses being successful will help the majority of people, it will help the
SPEAKER_R: On
SPEAKER_L: majority of people, I'm very fortunate in my life that I have investments and things and by the way it's done well for me personally, but I don't think it's done well for the country. It's just made the country actually more divided than less. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because the thing is
SPEAKER_L: mean the tax cuts and everything, I don't mean all of the divisiveness, I mean what he's done in policy,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it's not been good for people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing too. Like um I can understand the tax breaks. The problem is only helps a certain amount of people and also to the economy while he did benefit the economy. The problem is that Stock wise only less than 50% of Americans are into that. And that's because of the lack of um classes offered regarding the stock market. Because I know in Virginia and D. C. There are classes. But the problem is not only do they fill up rapidly but they're usually very expensive. And the only ones that are free are really like really basic like high school basic. That's it. That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the thing. I don't
SPEAKER_L: I hear
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: if you know if you like if you invested in, you know he obviously won't probably hopefully not be elected again. But if the next president if he at least investing like a program that helps people be more financially aware especially when comes to the stock market then I can, I feel like benefit the economy more. But I don't know how that would also like affect economy more people being in the stock market. I feel like the more volatile and more and unstable. I don't know I'm not really into that second. I just
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: know about it.
SPEAKER_L: it's something to think about your at the time where if you have any extra money investing for the future is what you want to think about doing. I think that would be a good thing. But
SPEAKER_R: Well actually I'm doing it for my violin because instead of the stock market violins are actually, you should think about it to investing in violins
SPEAKER_L: by
SPEAKER_R: and bows. They are really good.
SPEAKER_L: the way, one of the things they always say about investing is don't invest in things you don't know about. So while I hear what you're saying, that's something that I know nothing about. It's like, so it's like investing in art or investing in gold,
SPEAKER_R: Are are
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: ball,
SPEAKER_R: listen that aren't really risky compared to violent because like I know you're not gonna know about it, but if you could do some research but the problem is like um for an investment like my violence worth 10-K. Right? But it's modern. That's a problem. So it was built
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: recently.
SPEAKER_L: hear you
SPEAKER_R: So the best way to get appreciation on instrument is for it to be crunch based french or italian and generally the range of where the top ends are 20 K. But or even 50 cake. My old instructors
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: is 100 K.
SPEAKER_L: was lucky enough to be in Northern uh Italy and where they make exactly where they make a lot of these fine instruments and people are telling me about them and and and I heard maybe similar to things to what you're saying. And again, I know nothing about that stuff. So I know that that's the home of a lot of great violins, especially in northern Ireland and northern Italy. But what, I don't know anything about that stuff. So anyway, Well,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the, yeah, this is, this is very interesting. I
SPEAKER_R: Capitally,
SPEAKER_L: have a tent on the west coast is 10 o'clock, I have at 10 o'clock deadline that I have to go to. So I guess we have to answer some questions. I guess after this, I don't know how long that takes.
SPEAKER_R: That takes like 25 minutes. But like you can really do that any time because I actually waited an hour because I want to go back to practice. Then I came back after an hour and it was still there. So you can do it later but have the window up. You know how
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the window
SPEAKER_L: see,
SPEAKER_R: that can be a problem.
SPEAKER_L: I see. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah it was really good to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: It was very nice to talk to you too. Obviously a smart, smart guy going
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: to do
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: well, so, so I'll look for Alex on, I was gonna say the fiddle, but I didn't want to insult you Alex on the fiddle.
SPEAKER_R: Well actually um in that case my last name is really unique. It's called Key Songs. There's only one person in the world with that. So if you ever see something with key songs hopefully in the future then you then you know
SPEAKER_L: Then I talked to him one morning. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully in the future. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well maybe not too far away. Well, good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: you so much.
SPEAKER_L: was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: You had
SPEAKER_R: a good day.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Bye now.