Yeah frequent. Oh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. From yeah
I can hear you.
Hi Alex nice to meet you. My name is Perry. Mhm. So
I do live on the East Coast. What about you?
Okay well I'm uh I'm I'm based in Virginia. Richmond Virginia. Um But I'm actually on the West Coast today so. Yeah.
So
so so you you
live in the D. C. Area you said?
Okay. Okay so you are you a student? You're Alex?
Gm. Gm. You
Yes sorry I'm originally from Canada so I've been in the States a long time but so I went to college in Canada a long time ago. So yes I'm not really that what do you take at gmu,
What?
wow. Music and computer science wow.
It is a backup What in case the
music career doesn't work at it
if you get injured in the music career?
Oh, and so you you said you're a cellist, is that right?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I don't know why I heard jealous. Okay. Um
Alright, that's well, that's interesting. Okay, so what what what are you taking for you're seeing in your CS degree? Like what is is there a specialization you take? I have a math degree? Um
I went to the University of Waterloo. You might know that school because it's it's a very well known computer science math school. Do you
know
what or no?
no, I just have a bachelor of mathematics.
No, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't enjoy, I'll be honest, I did not enjoy college very much in retrospect. I should have enjoyed it more, but I didn't. I when I was a bartender through a lot of college and so I missed a lot of classes my first few years
intentionally but I ended up I did you know I ended up worked okay for me. So yeah I get a math degree a lot
of CS courses but stats and combinatorics optimization courses. Yeah.
that's that's a tough courses. Yeah so I've that's yeah that was my degree so so I certainly and I worked I worked in computer as well. I say I worked in computers. I started my career in programming and coding and that kind of stuff by I quickly moved actually out of the I. T. Side of that world. More into the management and marketing and sales
work for software companies and different healthcare. It so which is what I'm currently in but. Yeah. Yeah.
so
see
you
know right they call cno I hope for or? No.
Yeah. Is it called combinatorics optimization or just just combinatorics?
okay. So they're teaching you to use python and applying it to combinatorics?
Perfect.
Very
good.
Very good.
This by the way, this was a long time ago from me, but when I talked to someone who understands maybe
like math courses at university, so they would have a better, they would know that that's a tough that's a tough, tough courses to take some really tough stats courses and some really tough. We call cno courses go through some of the tough courses for me, um, to take back some calculus and those kind of things. But that was a long time ago. Right?
Actually a job as well for fun. I do some web stuff for fun. So my now I'm mostly just working with javascript and CSS html of course in a little PHP. But a long time ago I did a little dabbling in java sea back when I was in college. It was COBOL pascal, you know, languages that well. Actually if you're a COBOL code or you can actually do very well now because there's still lots of legacy systems around the need that. But yeah, so it's very different. I any job I would have done, I would have done just for fun for myself. So on the side it's doing some stuff. So yeah,
I haven't done coat,
I haven't done coding and like for professional, I haven't done coding forever. But again, I just do things now for a website. Like if I need to, If I needed to do something and it just takes a few lines of Javascript, I'll write it what I do. If I need a program written, I use fiber and I get someone in overseas to write me some code for 10 bucks. So, and then I install that. So, so yeah, because it's a lot. It's nice to know. But the truth is, well, here, let me, here's something that I used to get in trouble for saying, but I'll say it to you. Um
I look
at and I have an IT background, but my perception is that people who are technical computer people who do like coding, systems development and support. That's blue collar white collar work. And by that, I mean like for a bank or an insurance company or any business, the computer room is like shop floor. It's the factory floor where the workers are just keeping things going there. The people that come in, they don't necessarily, they're not they're marketing the business or doing anything like that. It's the factory for the business that you're in because you're running the machinery. So I'm, by the way I'm not in any way diminishing the value. It has tremendous value but it's it's you're not at the forefront
of the business unless you work for a computer company that then it's then it's completely different. But but yeah but it's more of a commodity is what I mean and that's why if I need code written I can spend and this is where it's globalization is maybe a terrible thing in some fields. I can you know I can write an email as long as my specs are really detailed. I can have some code written and sent to me overnight.
that's
Yeah.
But also
your camera
went off my camera. Yeah. No I can see you. I can see me by the
way,
by the way, I did see that your your screen went dark and now it's good when light again for a second, you're, the lighting on your side is changing now. It's bright again. So does that mean does that mean your cameras? I
can
see you, I can see you.
I
But that's always been my thought on the computer. I think it's tremendous skills to have. But what I need stuff done because when I've worked my career I've worked with a lot of onshore companies, offshore companies, I've done all that kind of stuff. So it's uh it's great that no matter where you are in the world online, you can get something done quickly and cheaply. As long as you're really good at drafting specifications because they have to be super tight because generally things don't translate that are ambiguous at all so it's it's interesting but
but
I know nothing about playing the violin.
I
was just I was going to say it's an old adobe technology that I'm not even sure they're even doing anything with it anymore.
Yeah, I understand. No, I use yeah, like I said, you know, I just you know, I used the word perfect, you know, you buy it not word perfect were pressed by a theme, you know, maybe a little javascript, you know? But other than that
there's not really a lot of reasons
to unless you're doing something very sophisticated on the back end, unless you have some kind of real interactivity where you need function at most. Most websites are just they're just basically, you know, entertainment information or what have you, right, it's not Anything else. Like I have some quizzes and things on mine, which is just a little bit of Javascript, but it's easier, so I was going to say pay someone $10 to do something or just get a plug in and plug it in that does the same thing, so yeah, Dreamweaver, I was surprised when you said Dreamweaver myself, I didn't even know they sold that anymore, so
not useful,
No
one
cares.
Yep, I agree, 100%,, 100%. You could be, there's so many adobe products that are out there and I actually personally have a beef with adobe, like I understand why they give their products free to schools because you get used to them and let Photoshop is a standard, but when you, I'm against subscriptions in software because you're paying forever. And there's a lot of products out there where you don't have a subscription, you buy it and you own it and that's uh you know when when you have to start paying for things and you can't buy it on the student discount anymore, although you can always figure
out a way to have student discount forever, which is great. But still, yeah, I'm kind of against ability because of their licensing and paying
perpetually and yeah, that's kind of my thing with adobe but they
have made but they make great products,
Great
products.
But
I went through my crack software phase number of years ago but getting the keys online and all that. But I I actually, yeah, I'm kind of, yeah, I'm uh I'm off of that now, you know what I mean? I don't know, I stopped, there's enough software out there that's cheap enough for a student, it's probably different, I'm surprised you actually have to, I thought that the either would be free or the prices would be so low that it wouldn't really matter so much like super low um
No,
not
for me.
no.
but
when
you
get a student
you
get a student price though. A student
price,
mm.
yeah. So do you do you live at home?
asa says
okay, and how many how many of your classes are actually in person now because I know people I know people who are going to college, you maybe have one class in person and almost everything else is online or,
okay, so everything is online, so you'd never go to, you said you tutored some students though?
Well,
so I'm curious, how do you feel that? How do you feel that the covid virus is in your area? Like how do you, your family like you, are you guys cautious less cautious? I'm just curious.
I'm
checking.
What?
Of course, yep.
By
the
way,
I think just to give a, not that I'm just to clarify, um
I would think the word, you're probably looking for Evangelical versus evangelical is probably a better basket than the christian by the way, I'm atheist, so I'm not offended by and I was raised catholic so I don't really care either way. But uh I'm actually in Canada right now, I'm
my wife and I decided to leave because I'm a Canadian. I'm a dual citizen, Canadian american. So I was able to come to Canada, so um and I'm in the west coast of Canada for me. Yeah it was yeah, it's a little more people are a little more compliant here, I think things a little more seriously, so that's why we decided to leave for a while just to leave, so yeah.
me too.
yeah, yes, I've heard of that. And you also heard about the teapot, have you heard about the the teapot?
I know what you're talking about, I know what you're talking about. Yes
sir.
that sounds great, that sounds great by the way, I think that most people will be absolutely fine, I'm not super concerned about. That's not true, I'm quite concerned uh for for a lot of people, it is
because it is quite a serious thing, but I think, you know this too shall pass, you know, a lot of things have happened in the world. This, this will, this will pass as well, so. Right.
But
well I can say we're the city that I'm in has a very high asian population and uh and yeah, there's some of that. I think it's I think that there will be a lot less and quite honestly, if I could be anywhere in the world right now, I'd prefer to be in Asia because because asians have gone through situations like this in the past, there much more compliant, respectful
in terms of the culture is overall. And then um then certainly what we have right now in north America, it's kind of a mess in North America in my opinion.
But
I
hope
by the way, I hope what you're saying is true. I hope what you're saying is true. I hope
most people, I hope that it is a deal breaker for most people on how I hope that's true until, until it's all over and he's out of office and he accepted things. I won't be, I won't believe it. I, I just not that I'm I'm not pessimistic, I'm very optimistic. But at the same time I don't want people to be optimistic that there will be changed until there's change. I want them celebrating the change. I don't want them celebrating that there's going to be changed. You know what I mean? Those are two different things
I
understand,
uh yeah, I don't like anything that he did. So
not nothing in life is free. Cutting taxes is easy to say. I don't believe that business businesses being successful will help the majority of people, it will help the
majority of people, I'm very fortunate in my life that I have investments and things and by the way it's done well for me personally, but I don't think it's done well for the country. It's just made the country actually more divided than less. I
mean the tax cuts and everything, I don't mean all of the divisiveness, I mean what he's done in policy,
it's not been good for people.
I
I hear
you.
Well
it's something to think about your at the time where if you have any extra money investing for the future is what you want to think about doing. I think that would be a good thing. But
by
the way, one of the things they always say about investing is don't invest in things you don't know about. So while I hear what you're saying, that's something that I know nothing about. It's like, so it's like investing in art or investing in gold,
the
ball,
I
hear you
I
was lucky enough to be in Northern uh Italy and where they make exactly where they make a lot of these fine instruments and people are telling me about them and and and I heard maybe similar to things to what you're saying. And again, I know nothing about that stuff. So I know that that's the home of a lot of great violins, especially in northern Ireland and northern Italy. But what, I don't know anything about that stuff. So anyway, Well,
the, yeah, this is, this is very interesting. I
have a tent on the west coast is 10 o'clock, I have at 10 o'clock deadline that I have to go to. So I guess we have to answer some questions. I guess after this, I don't know how long that takes.
I
see,
I see. Okay.
It was very nice to talk to you too. Obviously a smart, smart guy going
to do
well, so, so I'll look for Alex on, I was gonna say the fiddle, but I didn't want to insult you Alex on the fiddle.
Then I talked to him one morning. Okay.
Well maybe not too far away. Well, good luck with everything.
It
was great talking to you.
You had
you too. Bye now.