Oh, can you hear me?
That's good to hear. Hi my name is Alex, Nice to meet you
do you live by the East Coast?
Yes, I'm here actually. Live in right by D. C. I'm in Virginia.
Oh I see. Uh
straight.
Hello?
Uh Yeah, mm Virginia. But I'm really close to the sea.
Yeah. I'm a full time student at I think you heard of Gm You? Mhm.
George Mason University. Okay.
um A double degree. Actually not a double major because double majors without uh for double major, that's if you're going to be a S. But for double degree, I'm doing a B. CS, Bachelors, Computer science I. T.
And also a B. A. And music pedagogy. So I'm a double degree,
I would have I just have ideas of backup. But yeah.
Welcome
if I get injured. Yeah.
In the music you're because I tend to get injured easily and like I like I know the whole perception or like the whole notion for like music is that, you know, you're gonna be broke, which is, it depends on the instrument. Like if you're a brass player, you're gonna be kind of broke, let's be honest. And that's your professor. You can be kind of broke as a brass if your strings because I'm a violinist, I feel like a cellist or any of the strings except base. It depends if you're well known, if you have a reputation, you can get upwards of like my own instructor. He has his own studio, He does Freelancing all the time. He gets upwards of 150 k before the virus. So it really depends what, like what reputation is, especially since this area is so big. There's a lot of before, Coronavirus, there's a lot of gigs now. There's not much. Yeah, There were a lot. They usually pay upwards of like, depending, um, since I'm not a collegiate yet, I haven't graduated, I can only charge like its modest for me to charge around 1 41 60 for a wedding. But when I graduate that just doubles, I can charge upwards of like 3 23 60.
No violence. Sorry.
No.
Oh, you have a math degree?
I
heard,
I heard her to waterloo, but, so you're a map. That's really like, that's okay. So like you've done a whole entire masters.
Oh, Oh, thanks. A master. Sorry.
I see.
Prayer.
into Taurus. Oh my God. That was a pain in my ass to figure out.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see that. That's actually really cool. Huh? So, um, like go a little bit back on the comment or axe. I'm a sophomore right now. I have to take that, that class for us combinatorics. The whole
the whole
thing
was
No, they just so that you mean the class,
it's actually a mixture of two different things. So one half of the class is python python six,
yep. So it's like we we use python 6.3 or 6.6. And so one half of the classes, python, the other half of the class was combinatorics and I took that during the summer. So that was brutally difficult. I know the passenger for the class was like
40% and I managed to get like a B just
in the cup.
But
oh my God, like the thing I remember the thing that haunts me right now is just the card of decks. That's what haunts me I think, you know like you had a lot of problems saying like, you know, the card index has like that that's what you learned right? A lot of that.
No.
Uh I say ha well that's that's really cool though but yeah and then right now I'm taking on So I'm not the maximum of credits you can take for a semester which is 18. Well I'm technically overloading by one credit because I have one incomplete classroom spring it was piano but you know you have a piano home but now I do so I'm overlooking by one credit. But the I. T. Courses I'm taking right now is to 13 which is web design and um yeah it's web design and the we're using dreamweaver python not a python. Dreamweaver adobe Photoshop and some other one I already have it installed. The other one's called. And then the other class I'm taking is I. T. 106 which is java and pseudo code. So yeah. You know you know a bit of job? Right.
I see.
But.
That
there.
You just
Yeah that's really
true. Yeah.
But also
your camera
went off.
That's
strange.
I
don't know.
There
we go back to normal. I was about to leave and join back but yeah okay so it's back to normal but.
definitely.
But.
Oh I see. Yeah I just I'm mostly focusing I'm using for right now because like a lot of my courses are mostly um they're like 70% music, 30% I. T. But in the summer it's 100% I. T. So that's why in the summer I take like nine credits or nine credits because I'm a soccer right now. So I only had one summer so far. So I took nine credits. So I made up for the I. T. Courses that I would have thought I was supposed to take more of them in spring and fall. I'm supposed to like two more so if we have three more so realizing also have six credits in the summer to make up. I just had one more to get that over with. But yeah that was really hard to pass and I'm being honest. But um yes it was mostly music base and then right now also to um for like the Dreamweaver stuff. I actually was talking to someone yesterday who does web design for a living and he's actually pretty close by and he told me he gets why they're teaching Dreamweaver. But it's kind of like ancient at this point because
every uses brightness.
Now they updated. But all they do in the update is just like fix some really minor bugs like they're really obscure and they just put this happened a picture on it and you know charge 70 bucks.
Something
to work.
Yeah they did. I get it why they're teaching it Because anyway it is helpful to least have more context on web design. But the thing is to the people who are taking that course and that courses geared towards as I. T. People and a lot of the people in our I. T. Course are either um Like me general or I'm thinking if I had to go into cybersecurity because if I do cybersecurity it's only like 12 more credits and I don't mind like overloading in the summer. But um it's like going back to where I was, it's most people who are just doing like general or just um, cybersecurity. So dreamweaver to like I get using Photoshop Photoshop and the other one we're using, it's something else by adobe also. But it's um I know Photoshop is kind of useful now. It's pretty useful. But the thing is Dreamweaver.
Yeah, now everyone uses Wordpress and even like it's, it's uh and that's like the thing is the problem is too, is that okay back to Wordpress? I mean for me personally, I can spend hours trying to figure out like, like not even um getting a template just starting from scratch. Whereas Wordpress, I have thousands of templates which yeah, I am borrowing code, but still thousands of templates, no one really cares. They put it there
for a reason.
Thousands
thousands of templates. And it takes me like tasted like what, half an hour, maybe an hour tops to fully have a website ready to go. Whereas for Dreamweaver takes hours or even a couple of days.
Start.
No.
immediately
definitely. Yeah
but
like for me for me I just don't like adobe also because I was even trying to before the semester started I knew I was going to get adobe the package like the subscription. I
was trying my best to find like some torrent of Dreamweaver and Photoshop but I could not for the life that we found with the work everyone that every single one I found that work is either corrupted or it just refused to proceed because I had like some like whatever. So I'm like probably some like false value was set that pretty much refused to even load the program. And we kept saying you know purchased a legit edition.
so we don't really get a discount. It's ironic too because our whole entire I. T. And engineering department which are uh you know like they're uh together were funded by a lot of like multi million and billion dollar companies. Like even the same thing like the school of Music were funded by well funded actually by one billionaire right now. Yeah I think you've heard of Dewberry.
This
guy's
like he's oh he's ancient but he is awesome
like he's oh he's a fun guy to be around. But back to engineering we have tons of that. And it's ironic too because like for the adobe you would expect a discount. I even search for a discount on like the G. M. U. I. T. Courses like you know the products they offer no discount whatsoever. You have to just purchase the, also there is a discount
but
it's
only
for the
baby
student
price. Yeah but you'd expect it to be free from the amount of funding we have I mean we are I mean our buildings always been renovated every like year. It's always been like added onto and there's always like a ton of funding but still like you know paying for that because a lot of college students I'm paying off like um my tuition right now thank God has paid off on my like my my mom because she doesn't mind paying for it. But um
I also like right now to have some money on the side to invest in or whatever I have again research studies and also to also teach. So I teach three students and I'm probably gonna teach two more soon um in person. Not unlike is they're fine with in person for now. But that's that's why I teach. I have some extra income of the Sun and then also doing research studies and when I'm not doing homework or whatever, I'm other teaching our research studies. So, but even for some people, it's not like that because I have some money to spend on the side, which is fine. But for other people, like my classmates, they live on campus there, you're stuck there. And also to, it's even more difficult for them to even teach because most of them are gonna have a car there just relegated to Jamie because some of them come from over states.
Yeah, I live at home actually commute, luckily because I live close enough to Gm you um I think you've heard of Manassas. Yeah.
Yeah, so I live jess on like the brink of like 35 minutes, 30 minutes if I speed to GM you. So that's why I'm able to just have a reduced like an insane amount of reduced tuition compared to like my colleagues.
Uh For me personally, no classes, I'm not gonna waste like um a parking pass, like the cheapest parking path that's consistent for the semester cost. Like it's a general parking pass that cost like 304 100 bucks, it's not even guaranteed a spot because sometimes all the spots are taken, sometimes by bus is due, So that's why I don't like. And the one I used to have in the spring, and the fall in the spring semester was the Rappahannock, which cost it's 700 bucks. So yeah, I have no classes also to my professor who I studied under my violin professor. If she was in person I would go, but because she's immuno compromised, there's no way I'm going also to, so unless she goes back on campus, I'll think about going back on campus. But for now it's online lessons and online.
Yeah. So I do
actually leave the house to go. Um, the one time I leave the house was like to drop off some checks I got from my students or help out my old instructor with like some gig or whatever, but usually teaching now. So I just teach consistent the weekends.
Oh yeah, we're definitely more cautious because I know there's a lot of people, especially those, you know, um, I noticed mostly for me, I'm neutral on the political spectrum. I, I know both sides
are scumbags,
they're both sides, both sides are discussing if we're being honest, there dis coming, it's no longer like Kennedy's era for being honest. But um, I know it's a lot more republicans, especially like, you know, the extreme and evangelicals or the methodist christians who are like, you know, masks are bad, oh my god, I hate that. But in this area, so there, I mean it's a lot of um it's manassas, so it's a mixture of like Hispanics and whites, but even then there's not a lot of christians over here, which is actually kind of good because there's not a lot of people without wearing masks, but if I go a little bit up north to like um I want to say like by
Mclean, you know where McClain is? Right,
Yeah, I want to say by Mclean in some areas like that, I know there's a lot of christian like mega houses there and I know that he masks, I've already heard about it, so
that's why
I'm
like
yeah,
Oh, I see,
I see, that makes sense, but like I'm kind of stuck here anyway, but luckily the area people were the masks, everything's fine. But yeah, like I know the evangelicals and the method because I want to, I'm I'm mostly like atheist agnostic, but I was also raised like a full and roman catholic,
but the only thing I believe in is the flying spaghetti monster you've heard about him.
I haven't heard about the teapot but I've heard but
and I just love, like I remember my instructor roberts and he told me he attended a gig once where they actually believed in that. So the wedding, you know, like every wedding is usually based on like a religious theme mostly.
So it was based around that whole religion that like flying spaghetti monster. So he said that when he was there, the reception was before the wedding, so everyone was already dropped and everyone common like pirates suits like they it was like Halloween and before the like the bride and the groom kissed. I forgot who was like, you know, someone reading some like excerpt would like break like raw pasta over their head. You know like raw pasta steaks. I just really want to attend. It's hard, it's really awesome because everyone just stumbling around.
All
But then the reaper, the repercussions is what bothers me too because I also feel bad for um a lot of the Asians because remember you remember after 9 11 there was a lot of like stigma against Muslims specifically and the same thing's happening. But this time to asians will stay, that's
what I've really been seeing. I don't know if you've been saying that, that's why I've mostly noted.
Well,
it
it definitely is Especially how the president, you know, they, the president's response was kind of uh, it was a deal breaker for everyone, how we handled it
if
we're being honest.
Other
Yeah, definitely. But also to like, yeah, because before this, I didn't like trump. The only thing I liked from him was, well, partly the economy, But also so the tax break was a double edged sword. So from my mom specifically, she got a massive tax break. But the problem is, and only it happened this year. We couldn't get deductibles for my stuff. So
I
couldn't like, yeah, the bow, my violin, all of that. We were able to get abducted. Whereas this year, for some reason we are, we can't, but last year in the last previous years we weren't able to after he passed that. But even then I just didn't like it because you know didn't really have a filter. None of it didn't really have he didn't have it. I don't like that
opinion of.
On
Yeah. Because the thing is
All
Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing too. Like um I can understand the tax breaks. The problem is only helps a certain amount of people and also to the economy while he did benefit the economy. The problem is that Stock wise only less than 50% of Americans are into that. And that's because of the lack of um classes offered regarding the stock market. Because I know in Virginia and D. C. There are classes. But the problem is not only do they fill up rapidly but they're usually very expensive. And the only ones that are free are really like really basic like high school basic. That's it. That's
the thing. I don't
like
if you know if you like if you invested in, you know he obviously won't probably hopefully not be elected again. But if the next president if he at least investing like a program that helps people be more financially aware especially when comes to the stock market then I can, I feel like benefit the economy more. But I don't know how that would also like affect economy more people being in the stock market. I feel like the more volatile and more and unstable. I don't know I'm not really into that second. I just
know about it.
Well actually I'm doing it for my violin because instead of the stock market violins are actually, you should think about it to investing in violins
and bows. They are really good.
Are are
now
listen that aren't really risky compared to violent because like I know you're not gonna know about it, but if you could do some research but the problem is like um for an investment like my violence worth 10-K. Right? But it's modern. That's a problem. So it was built
recently.
So the best way to get appreciation on instrument is for it to be crunch based french or italian and generally the range of where the top ends are 20 K. But or even 50 cake. My old instructors
is 100 K.
But yeah.
Capitally,
That takes like 25 minutes. But like you can really do that any time because I actually waited an hour because I want to go back to practice. Then I came back after an hour and it was still there. So you can do it later but have the window up. You know how
the window
that can be a problem.
But yeah it was really good to talk to you.
Thank
you.
Well actually um in that case my last name is really unique. It's called Key Songs. There's only one person in the world with that. So if you ever see something with key songs hopefully in the future then you then you know
hopefully in the future. But yeah.
Thank
you so much.
Have
a good day.