SPEAKER_R: Okay
SPEAKER_L: okay. Hey there. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you and I see that you're wearing the blue shirt. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh well I'm glad you uh glad you were able to to join.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah same here. I mean it's a welcome pace from the usual work meetings on zoom. Right. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: exactly. So um so I guess have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: I did one once. I end up talking with a lady who was retired. I think she just you know want to talk with some people.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Um But I think there tend to be kind of free flowing, it's just you know you talk about whatever comes up.
SPEAKER_R: exactly yeah I did I did in fact they did one other but then I was telling the person that um I had about six in a row prior to that where I I logged in and nobody showed up. So uh so that was I don't know I almost kind of got into the routine where I was expecting that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it's good that we were able to connect um house I guess. I'm not sure what state you're in, but how is it the whole covid pandemics and going for you?
SPEAKER_R: um pretty much staying at home other than the you know the essentials going to to run out get groceries. Yeah so I'm in California and my My parents are fortunately about 10 minutes away or so as well and so you know we're trying to help them out a lot pick up groceries and all of that. So how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Um Also from California, so pretty similar thing. You know the numbers went down and then they went back up. I'm actually staying with my parents but we're trying to make it to only one or two people go out to the grocery store, the store. Um Because I fall into that at risk category as well.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah no it's been uh it's been kind of and and and and are you southern or Northern California?
SPEAKER_L: More northern California kinds of valley area.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. I'm Bay Area so it's now I guess in the valley though from what I've seen from from what the governor said just a couple of days ago, it sounds like the numbers are really he he identified that as kind of the new hotspot.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, definitely. I mean it started off okay and then it just suddenly exploded out from there. Um So definitely worrisome. But yeah the bay Area, I think they were the first ones to lock down. Right san Francisco.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty pretty quickly. Um And and then uh and then kind of the rest of the state followed. And you know, we thought for a while there we thought that California was gonna you know, miss a lot of it. But in retrospect that that has definitely changed. But certainly, you know from what I've seen the numbers at least between northern and southern California. It's about four times as many cases in southern California as it is Northern California. But obviously, you know, you still can't let your guard down. You have to follow the rules and minimize your contact and luckily I'm able to to work from home. So uh so I've been, you know, basically uh you know, locked in my my home office for the last four months or so.
SPEAKER_L: So I'm guessing the chair, it's either really comfortable or really uncomfortable at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I would say it's it's definitely kind of kind of reached that point. Yeah, I mean I I typically would go into the office um Usually either either four or five days a week, my office is probably about 20 minutes away or so. Um kind of depends on traffic. So um and then and then yeah, it was I think I think it was kind of over that second weekend in March. Um They hadn't really gotten to shutdown mode yet, but I uh and my boss is on the East Coast and so I pretty much said, you know, I think I'm gonna work from home this week, you know, just so that was I think that second week in March, like The 9th, 10th kind of through that week. And then um and then it was that next weekend, well towards the end of that week, I think where everything at that point started getting shut down and they shut down the travel from europe and all the sports leagues shut down and um yeah, so at that point, you know, at that point it was pretty clear and then I think it was that friday where my employer, you know, basically sent a note out pretty much telling everybody, you know, work from home unless you absolutely have to be in the building.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah what's good, they have that sort of flexibility. I mean initially my workplace didn't want shut down, I think they were worried that we would all just go on vacation or something and not actually be working. Um And you know the numbers start to come up and it became pretty clear it was safest for people to just stay at home and you know you can answer email anywhere really.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Right, so we're good. What and then how are your are your parents do and then uh kind of adjusting to all of it?
SPEAKER_L: I think they're adjusting pretty well. I mean, you know, they just sort of people who go to work and then they come home and they watch um you know, we'll fortune or jeopardy and it doesn't matter if it's a rerun, it's exciting every time. Um So I I don't think this is too much of a change. I do think that they miss speeding out. Um I think we're finding out that my mom has about five, go to recipes and one of them is stew and the other one is curry, so we've been in a lot of those two. Um You know, I think also my sibling is doing well to um she's a bit of a gamer, so, you know, she stays in her room and just kind of plugs away on the switch or the playstation. Um So it hasn't been too bad of an adjustment. And I've been trying to catch up on my kindle Books. I had a backlog of about 100, to be honest, and now it's down to about 30.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, wow, that's that's great progress.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean a lot of it's just kind of predictable science fiction and fantasy, so I can't say it's high level reading um it's more of the quick and easy stuff you get through.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But in a time like this, you kind of need, that helps to get your mind in other places and not to worry about currently, you know, what's going on or get caught up in all the, you know, all the political rhetoric going back and forth.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. I'm I'm on a news diet is I think what they're calling it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can get a little overwhelming, you know, especially when you, you know, you wake up in the morning and you know, you see the, you know, especially with the, you know, the news from the East Coast coming in and you know, it's just immediately there's kind of that grim reality of, you know, I thought I was going to wake up and this was all going to be a dream. And, and then you kind of realize, no, that's not the case.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How have you been adjusting to, I guess, you know, being mostly in home or your family, How are they doing?
SPEAKER_R: Um pretty well, pretty well. I've got my myself my wife and two girls, so they're 16 and 13 and obviously have not been to school since early March and you know, I think they missed their friends a lot. Um, you know, they obviously keep in touch with him, the, you know, zoom and Snapchat and Tiktok and all that, but um, you know, and it looks like, you know, when school starts here later this, well, I guess next month, next month technically will be august, feels like august. Um, you know, they'll be, they'll be starting from home again. So I think that was a little bit of a disappointment. I think they were hoping they could go back. But I, I think the, you know what we're seeing is if you, you know, in some of these, um, you know, some of these activities where they're trying to do limited um, re engagement and social distancing and masks, you know we're still seeing outbreaks and so when you now try and think of teenagers being able to do that I just I just I don't see it working well. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: well, hopefully this is over, I'm crossing my fingers for next year. It doesn't look like it's going to be gone anytime this year, but Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean I think what will be interesting to me is not so much when they you know when they get the sort of when they say the vaccine is ready. But then how quickly, you know, so in the U. S. We've got 330 million people, how quickly will they be able to scale up get doses? You know I'm hearing it may take two doses to get full you know full immunity and you know and then there's just uh you know how you're going to do that, are you getting people in the doctor's offices or you're getting them you know, are they going to have, you know, just these vaccine clinics where people just, you know, come through like cattle? You know, And, you know, I can see images of people lined up in their cars for, you know, 10 hours waiting to get through a, you know, a vaccine station. I mean, that to me is going to be real interesting of how quickly can you do that? You know, and is that going to be, you know, a two month period, a four month or six month period? And then obviously you're going to have a, you know, a certain number of folks that, you know, are
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: want to do.
SPEAKER_R: resist and, you know, you know, you're not I'm not getting vaccinated and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We actually have a family like that down the street from us. Um you know, they were the folks who are wearing the uh, what's at the make America great hats um all the time and it's like every time I see them, they always want to chat and they always want to stand real close, no mask or anything and I'm over there backing away like, hey, it's good to see you too neighbor and I'm gonna keep on walking now.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Right. And that's even like in the last couple of weeks.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, I think they get a lot of their news from social media. So you know, it kind of makes that echo chamber where they're only friends with people who share the same views. So I think they truly believe this is a hoax or maybe a bio weapon that was developed in china. It's view kind of change here and there.
SPEAKER_R: Right, wow. Yeah. You would you would you would hope that, you know, people, even if you've got different views, you would hope that people realize that, um, you know, there's there's there's a certain amount of just established facts that you've got to, you know, you've got to, uh, you have to start with, and you can't be in denial and you can't be, you know, putting your head in the sand and pretending that those art facts.
SPEAKER_L: Right. But of course all the scientists are liberals. Right, So yeah, so it's it's actually been kind of interesting, um just because, you know, the neighborhood I'm in, it's pretty mixed politically. Um I remember my best friend growing up was an evangelical christian and we played with Tonka trucks in the mud. Um and you know, it's just like it's I guess at times like this that you realize just how different viewpoints can be. Like you would think it's indisputable that people are getting sick and then to find out, you know, your best friend from when you're a kid is saying no, no, no, this is just the media making things up. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I can imagine to, and in some families that it's, you know, it's definitely lead to, you know, some some, you know, just some strong divisions within families and, you know, certain parts of families, not speaking with other parts, you know, because of the various beliefs.
SPEAKER_L: mhm. Yeah, I mean, is the I'm guessing the bay Area tends to swing either liberal or libertarian from what I've kind of noticed. We cannot talk about politics too if you don't want to. Um
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no, no, that's that's that's fine. No, we're very heavily, uh, democratic, very liberal.
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: Um, you know, I think you feel, look across the bay area, all of our house Representatives are all democrats. And um, yeah, so, you know, that's that's why, you know, that's why we don't really get any visits, you know, fortunately from the President.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Um Yeah, so I guess,
SPEAKER_R: See,
SPEAKER_L: you know, covid decide, like, is there anything that you're really missing doing that you you know, once it's safe to do so you're just ready to go out there again?
SPEAKER_R: um, yeah, I mean, I used to go to a big music fan, so I used to go to a lot of concerts and obviously that's not gonna happen any time soon and, you know, so I miss that a lot of that. You know, a lot of the the musicians are now figuring out how to do shows online and um, and trying to make the best of it. And, you know, i when I think about those situations, I think, I guess I'm saying I'm more concerned for them than I am for myself not being able to go to shows, because for them, you know, that was there, you know, that was their income, that was their way of life, you know, that's how they, you know, we're able to make money and put food on the table and, you know, now they've had to very quickly figure out this new model of, and you know, I'm sure there, you know, for the most part not making anywhere near what they, you know, what they would be able to do when they were able to tour and go to different cities and do shows. So um so it's and then and then I I also run a lot, but I've tried to, you know, because there's a lot of, you know, there's there's been a lot of concern that, you know, when you're running you can breathing heavily that you can Real rather than six ft, it's now 15 ft. And I think there's a lot of, you know, I try to be sensitive to how, you know, I don't want other people to feel like I'm unintentionally putting them at risk and back a lot on the the running I, you know, just because anywhere I would run inevitably, you know, there would be other people out walking or doing other activities and so I don't know, I'd like to, if there's a, you know, what I need to do is kind of find an area where I can run and not have any other people there and then, you know, and then if somebody does come by, at least I've got a mask, I can, you know, put the mask on when going by. But so those are probably the things that I've, you know, that I used to do that have not been doing very much at all. Okay, so how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: You know, I think probably the thing I miss the most is being able to go out for a coffee or lunch or dinner with friends. Um I mean, you know, you can't really even do it safely at home unless you've got a big enough backyard or just enough outdoor space. So, I think that social aspect is probably the thing I miss the most. Um Yeah, I would say that's probably the main thing. I mean, Yeah, I guess even the library, like, as goofy as that sounds, there was something really nice about going into the library and being able to grab a couple of books and at least for our place now it's pick up only and
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: it's like everyone had the same exact idea, so the books are kind of far in between at this point,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I I ours are doing the same thing and it's kind of uh I mean I've got plenty of stuff on my own to read. You know the idea of going into the library was always the idea of just being able to browse and
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: look around and you know when you can only go there and order certain books it loses a little bit of its its appeal.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean there's just the smell of the books is nice if that makes sense, like there's just a chi atmosphere there.
SPEAKER_R: Right, yep. Yeah. No I uh yeah and that um I'm kind of given some of the other businesses that have opened and you know, I don't know about your libraries but ours, you know they do tend to be pretty big buildings. You know, I would think that if they were able to figure out, you know limited to To 20 or 25% capacity and everybody's wearing masks, I would think they could probably start doing some some limited um hours. But I haven't I haven't seen that with ours. They've they've continued to because I know I'm on the distribution list and they've sent out a couple updates and it's just been curbside only.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Try to think of what else to mention because I think we got maybe 10 minutes or so.
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, I think they said 25 and I think we started right at at four so we're probably good, you
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know, another five or six minutes probably.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean, since you mentioned that you're working from home, I mean how has that been going for you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Honestly it's it's not that much different than what I'm used to. So I work for a large technology company. We tend to be spread across the US anyway. So you know all of my co workers for the most part are in different cities. So even when I would go into the office I basically I would sit in a little uh kind of a little room and most of the time I was on the telephone talking or are you know we use a um like a tool from Cisco Webex so that you can show presentations and run meetings from your computer. So, you know, usually when I was in the office I was I was doing that anyway, so now I'm just doing it from home, you know, obviously there were some, you know, co workers I would see in the office, you know chat with, you know during breaks and um you know that obviously is the piece that that's not happening. But um I think we were relatively, you know, we were relatively operating in a mode where that's how we got our work done was working across different locations and time zones and coming together and sort of knowing how to operate in in that environment. So so realistically that peace has has really not required a big change or big adaptation.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, and I guess for us it was a little bit different like I've adjusted pretty well to it um but we didn't have the infrastructure um to start working from home, so I think there's a lot of people just trying to figure out uh slack zoom all of that. Um but it's it's actually worked out pretty well. Um I guess in my case it takes me about an hour by bus to get to work, So not having that two hour commute was really nice. Um I know that there's a lot more emails that come through just because that's our main way of communication and it's really interesting how I guess in the office, like you can tell when people are busy, so there is that amount of friction that you see and now it's very friction list, so it feels like there's just a lot of fires coming up that need to be put out.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Right. Well that's good. And I think, you know, the one other thing that I've I've seen, you know, just is that if you've got a, you know, if you've got a place in the house where you can work and you know, kind of isolate yourself from the, you know, the rest of the family. It definitely helps. But you know, in some cases, you know, you know, you know, people are co workers, you know, they're set up at the kitchen table and you know, the, you know, the families walking by in the background and you know, that definitely I think makes it a little bit just because I think you've got to you've got to kind of tell your brain, you know, all right now I'm going into work mode and you know, I'm going to focus on work and then you can kind of step away and you can say, all right now I'm going to shift back into You know, family mode and um being able to kinda just even if it's that get up and walk 20 ft from one spot to another, it just helps you kind of make that that mental transition versus you know, if you're trying to do it in the same spot.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, definitely, I mean, I'm sure you have more practice at this than um I did just because it sounds like you were partially remote to begin with. Um But initially I think the fear of losing your job, combined with the fact that there was no barrier between work life and home life meant that I saw people who were logging on at five a.m. Or two a.m. And then they have this expectation that you were as well. So it's a really
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: thing. First couple months of transition for sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I think when that I could definitely see that happening, when everybody is going through that change, you know, everybody's trying to figure out, okay, what's what's the new routine like? You know, when do we start, when do we kind of end? When are the majority of people there, you know, the first couple of months yet could see where that everybody would kind of be on a little bit of a different page. And then over time, you know, people start to kind of, you know, they start to converge towards uh you know, kind of the just call it the, you know, the remote online culture
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: in terms of, you know, this is this is how we're going to work together. Yeah. So, wow, So any other plans or anything coming coming up in the in the next couple weeks,
SPEAKER_L: Um Gosh. Nothing I can really think of to be honest. Which sounds really depressing, wants to say it
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: out loud.
SPEAKER_R: on. Right,
SPEAKER_L: You know I I think that because we have a big deadline in my workplace that's coming up at the end of august it's probably going to be pretty darn hectic. Um So I imagine that moronic will be pushing forward on that, but outside of that, I mean, honestly, the highlight for me is it's a new months. That means a new National Geographic is coming out. Janko read the august edition. Um, and yeah, I guess besides that I've been trying to get a little bit more consistent with having some sort of exercise routine. Um, It's easy to just become one with your office chair. I'm trying not to let that happen.
SPEAKER_R: read right. No, that's it's it's important. I would yeah, I would agree. I think the, you know, the collective health of, you know, the United States has probably taken a step backwards during this time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. I mean, they're calling it what the COVID-15 now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh in terms of like everybody putting on 15 extra pounds.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. It's not the freshman 15 a more. It's just the COVID-15.
SPEAKER_R: Right, Right, right, so all right, well, it looks like we're 26, so I think we're I think we're good. I think what we met our 25 minutes and Now we get 20 minutes of questions to answer. And but the good, the good thing is, is you probably saw when you did this last time is, uh, this is they pay real quick. So it's usually within like a day or so, so that's always next.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. And you know, it was good to meet you and talk with you. You know, it's nice to not talk about work. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I agree. Nice to meet you. Take care and good luck.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Bye.