okay. Hey there. Right.
Yeah I can hear you and I see that you're wearing the blue shirt. Yeah.
Yeah same here. I mean it's a welcome pace from the usual work meetings on zoom. Right. Yeah
I did one once. I end up talking with a lady who was retired. I think she just you know want to talk with some people.
Um But I think there tend to be kind of free flowing, it's just you know you talk about whatever comes up.
Yeah. Well it's good that we were able to connect um house I guess. I'm not sure what state you're in, but how is it the whole covid pandemics and going for you?
Um Also from California, so pretty similar thing. You know the numbers went down and then they went back up. I'm actually staying with my parents but we're trying to make it to only one or two people go out to the grocery store, the store. Um Because I fall into that at risk category as well.
More northern California kinds of valley area.
Mhm. Yeah, definitely. I mean it started off okay and then it just suddenly exploded out from there. Um So definitely worrisome. But yeah the bay Area, I think they were the first ones to lock down. Right san Francisco.
So I'm guessing the chair, it's either really comfortable or really uncomfortable at this point.
Mhm. Yeah what's good, they have that sort of flexibility. I mean initially my workplace didn't want shut down, I think they were worried that we would all just go on vacation or something and not actually be working. Um And you know the numbers start to come up and it became pretty clear it was safest for people to just stay at home and you know you can answer email anywhere really.
I think they're adjusting pretty well. I mean, you know, they just sort of people who go to work and then they come home and they watch um you know, we'll fortune or jeopardy and it doesn't matter if it's a rerun, it's exciting every time. Um So I I don't think this is too much of a change. I do think that they miss speeding out. Um I think we're finding out that my mom has about five, go to recipes and one of them is stew and the other one is curry, so we've been in a lot of those two. Um You know, I think also my sibling is doing well to um she's a bit of a gamer, so, you know, she stays in her room and just kind of plugs away on the switch or the playstation. Um So it hasn't been too bad of an adjustment. And I've been trying to catch up on my kindle Books. I had a backlog of about 100, to be honest, and now it's down to about 30.
Yeah, I mean a lot of it's just kind of predictable science fiction and fantasy, so I can't say it's high level reading um it's more of the quick and easy stuff you get through.
Yeah, definitely. I'm I'm on a news diet is I think what they're calling it.
Yeah. How have you been adjusting to, I guess, you know, being mostly in home or your family, How are they doing?
Yeah. Oh
well, hopefully this is over, I'm crossing my fingers for next year. It doesn't look like it's going to be gone anytime this year, but Mhm.
I just
don't
want to do.
Yeah. We actually have a family like that down the street from us. Um you know, they were the folks who are wearing the uh, what's at the make America great hats um all the time and it's like every time I see them, they always want to chat and they always want to stand real close, no mask or anything and I'm over there backing away like, hey, it's good to see you too neighbor and I'm gonna keep on walking now.
Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, I think they get a lot of their news from social media. So you know, it kind of makes that echo chamber where they're only friends with people who share the same views. So I think they truly believe this is a hoax or maybe a bio weapon that was developed in china. It's view kind of change here and there.
Right. But of course all the scientists are liberals. Right, So yeah, so it's it's actually been kind of interesting, um just because, you know, the neighborhood I'm in, it's pretty mixed politically. Um I remember my best friend growing up was an evangelical christian and we played with Tonka trucks in the mud. Um and you know, it's just like it's I guess at times like this that you realize just how different viewpoints can be. Like you would think it's indisputable that people are getting sick and then to find out, you know, your best friend from when you're a kid is saying no, no, no, this is just the media making things up. Mhm,
mhm. Yeah, I mean, is the I'm guessing the bay Area tends to swing either liberal or libertarian from what I've kind of noticed. We cannot talk about politics too if you don't want to. Um
this is
Right. Um Yeah, so I guess,
you know, covid decide, like, is there anything that you're really missing doing that you you know, once it's safe to do so you're just ready to go out there again?
You know, I think probably the thing I miss the most is being able to go out for a coffee or lunch or dinner with friends. Um I mean, you know, you can't really even do it safely at home unless you've got a big enough backyard or just enough outdoor space. So, I think that social aspect is probably the thing I miss the most. Um Yeah, I would say that's probably the main thing. I mean, Yeah, I guess even the library, like, as goofy as that sounds, there was something really nice about going into the library and being able to grab a couple of books and at least for our place now it's pick up only and
it's like everyone had the same exact idea, so the books are kind of far in between at this point,
it's
yeah, I mean there's just the smell of the books is nice if that makes sense, like there's just a chi atmosphere there.
Yeah. Mhm. Try to think of what else to mention because I think we got maybe 10 minutes or so.
but
Mhm. Yeah, I mean, since you mentioned that you're working from home, I mean how has that been going for you?
Mhm. Yeah, and I guess for us it was a little bit different like I've adjusted pretty well to it um but we didn't have the infrastructure um to start working from home, so I think there's a lot of people just trying to figure out uh slack zoom all of that. Um but it's it's actually worked out pretty well. Um I guess in my case it takes me about an hour by bus to get to work, So not having that two hour commute was really nice. Um I know that there's a lot more emails that come through just because that's our main way of communication and it's really interesting how I guess in the office, like you can tell when people are busy, so there is that amount of friction that you see and now it's very friction list, so it feels like there's just a lot of fires coming up that need to be put out.
Mhm. Yeah, definitely, I mean, I'm sure you have more practice at this than um I did just because it sounds like you were partially remote to begin with. Um But initially I think the fear of losing your job, combined with the fact that there was no barrier between work life and home life meant that I saw people who were logging on at five a.m. Or two a.m. And then they have this expectation that you were as well. So it's a really
thing. First couple months of transition for sure. Mhm.
Thank you.
Um Gosh. Nothing I can really think of to be honest. Which sounds really depressing, wants to say it
out loud.
You know I I think that because we have a big deadline in my workplace that's coming up at the end of august it's probably going to be pretty darn hectic. Um So I imagine that moronic will be pushing forward on that, but outside of that, I mean, honestly, the highlight for me is it's a new months. That means a new National Geographic is coming out. Janko read the august edition. Um, and yeah, I guess besides that I've been trying to get a little bit more consistent with having some sort of exercise routine. Um, It's easy to just become one with your office chair. I'm trying not to let that happen.
definitely. I mean, they're calling it what the COVID-15 now.
Right. Yeah. It's not the freshman 15 a more. It's just the COVID-15.
definitely. And you know, it was good to meet you and talk with you. You know, it's nice to not talk about work. Right.
Yeah. You too.
Bye.