Okay
Can you hear me
uh well I'm glad you uh glad you were able to to join.
exactly. So um so I guess have you done one of these before?
What
exactly yeah I did I did in fact they did one other but then I was telling the person that um I had about six in a row prior to that where I I logged in and nobody showed up. So uh so that was I don't know I almost kind of got into the routine where I was expecting that
um pretty much staying at home other than the you know the essentials going to to run out get groceries. Yeah so I'm in California and my My parents are fortunately about 10 minutes away or so as well and so you know we're trying to help them out a lot pick up groceries and all of that. So how about yourself?
Right. Yeah no it's been uh it's been kind of and and and and are you southern or Northern California?
Okay. All right. I'm Bay Area so it's now I guess in the valley though from what I've seen from from what the governor said just a couple of days ago, it sounds like the numbers are really he he identified that as kind of the new hotspot.
Yeah, pretty pretty quickly. Um And and then uh and then kind of the rest of the state followed. And you know, we thought for a while there we thought that California was gonna you know, miss a lot of it. But in retrospect that that has definitely changed. But certainly, you know from what I've seen the numbers at least between northern and southern California. It's about four times as many cases in southern California as it is Northern California. But obviously, you know, you still can't let your guard down. You have to follow the rules and minimize your contact and luckily I'm able to to work from home. So uh so I've been, you know, basically uh you know, locked in my my home office for the last four months or so.
Um Yeah, I would say it's it's definitely kind of kind of reached that point. Yeah, I mean I I typically would go into the office um Usually either either four or five days a week, my office is probably about 20 minutes away or so. Um kind of depends on traffic. So um and then and then yeah, it was I think I think it was kind of over that second weekend in March. Um They hadn't really gotten to shutdown mode yet, but I uh and my boss is on the East Coast and so I pretty much said, you know, I think I'm gonna work from home this week, you know, just so that was I think that second week in March, like The 9th, 10th kind of through that week. And then um and then it was that next weekend, well towards the end of that week, I think where everything at that point started getting shut down and they shut down the travel from europe and all the sports leagues shut down and um yeah, so at that point, you know, at that point it was pretty clear and then I think it was that friday where my employer, you know, basically sent a note out pretty much telling everybody, you know, work from home unless you absolutely have to be in the building.
Right. Right. Right, so we're good. What and then how are your are your parents do and then uh kind of adjusting to all of it?
Oh, wow, that's that's great progress.
Yeah. But in a time like this, you kind of need, that helps to get your mind in other places and not to worry about currently, you know, what's going on or get caught up in all the, you know, all the political rhetoric going back and forth.
Yeah, I can get a little overwhelming, you know, especially when you, you know, you wake up in the morning and you know, you see the, you know, especially with the, you know, the news from the East Coast coming in and you know, it's just immediately there's kind of that grim reality of, you know, I thought I was going to wake up and this was all going to be a dream. And, and then you kind of realize, no, that's not the case.
Um pretty well, pretty well. I've got my myself my wife and two girls, so they're 16 and 13 and obviously have not been to school since early March and you know, I think they missed their friends a lot. Um, you know, they obviously keep in touch with him, the, you know, zoom and Snapchat and Tiktok and all that, but um, you know, and it looks like, you know, when school starts here later this, well, I guess next month, next month technically will be august, feels like august. Um, you know, they'll be, they'll be starting from home again. So I think that was a little bit of a disappointment. I think they were hoping they could go back. But I, I think the, you know what we're seeing is if you, you know, in some of these, um, you know, some of these activities where they're trying to do limited um, re engagement and social distancing and masks, you know we're still seeing outbreaks and so when you now try and think of teenagers being able to do that I just I just I don't see it working well. Uh huh.
So.
Yeah I mean I think what will be interesting to me is not so much when they you know when they get the sort of when they say the vaccine is ready. But then how quickly, you know, so in the U. S. We've got 330 million people, how quickly will they be able to scale up get doses? You know I'm hearing it may take two doses to get full you know full immunity and you know and then there's just uh you know how you're going to do that, are you getting people in the doctor's offices or you're getting them you know, are they going to have, you know, just these vaccine clinics where people just, you know, come through like cattle? You know, And, you know, I can see images of people lined up in their cars for, you know, 10 hours waiting to get through a, you know, a vaccine station. I mean, that to me is going to be real interesting of how quickly can you do that? You know, and is that going to be, you know, a two month period, a four month or six month period? And then obviously you're going to have a, you know, a certain number of folks that, you know, are
just
gonna
resist and, you know, you know, you're not I'm not getting vaccinated and
Right. Right. Right. And that's even like in the last couple of weeks.
Right, wow. Yeah. You would you would you would hope that, you know, people, even if you've got different views, you would hope that people realize that, um, you know, there's there's there's a certain amount of just established facts that you've got to, you know, you've got to, uh, you have to start with, and you can't be in denial and you can't be, you know, putting your head in the sand and pretending that those art facts.
Yeah. And I can imagine to, and in some families that it's, you know, it's definitely lead to, you know, some some, you know, just some strong divisions within families and, you know, certain parts of families, not speaking with other parts, you know, because of the various beliefs.
No, no, no, no, that's that's that's fine. No, we're very heavily, uh, democratic, very liberal.
Um, you know, I think you feel, look across the bay area, all of our house Representatives are all democrats. And um, yeah, so, you know, that's that's why, you know, that's why we don't really get any visits, you know, fortunately from the President.
See,
um, yeah, I mean, I used to go to a big music fan, so I used to go to a lot of concerts and obviously that's not gonna happen any time soon and, you know, so I miss that a lot of that. You know, a lot of the the musicians are now figuring out how to do shows online and um, and trying to make the best of it. And, you know, i when I think about those situations, I think, I guess I'm saying I'm more concerned for them than I am for myself not being able to go to shows, because for them, you know, that was there, you know, that was their income, that was their way of life, you know, that's how they, you know, we're able to make money and put food on the table and, you know, now they've had to very quickly figure out this new model of, and you know, I'm sure there, you know, for the most part not making anywhere near what they, you know, what they would be able to do when they were able to tour and go to different cities and do shows. So um so it's and then and then I I also run a lot, but I've tried to, you know, because there's a lot of, you know, there's there's been a lot of concern that, you know, when you're running you can breathing heavily that you can Real rather than six ft, it's now 15 ft. And I think there's a lot of, you know, I try to be sensitive to how, you know, I don't want other people to feel like I'm unintentionally putting them at risk and back a lot on the the running I, you know, just because anywhere I would run inevitably, you know, there would be other people out walking or doing other activities and so I don't know, I'd like to, if there's a, you know, what I need to do is kind of find an area where I can run and not have any other people there and then, you know, and then if somebody does come by, at least I've got a mask, I can, you know, put the mask on when going by. But so those are probably the things that I've, you know, that I used to do that have not been doing very much at all. Okay, so how about yourself?
correct.
Yeah, no, I I ours are doing the same thing and it's kind of uh I mean I've got plenty of stuff on my own to read. You know the idea of going into the library was always the idea of just being able to browse and
look around and you know when you can only go there and order certain books it loses a little bit of its its appeal.
Right, yep. Yeah. No I uh yeah and that um I'm kind of given some of the other businesses that have opened and you know, I don't know about your libraries but ours, you know they do tend to be pretty big buildings. You know, I would think that if they were able to figure out, you know limited to To 20 or 25% capacity and everybody's wearing masks, I would think they could probably start doing some some limited um hours. But I haven't I haven't seen that with ours. They've they've continued to because I know I'm on the distribution list and they've sent out a couple updates and it's just been curbside only.
Uh yeah, I think they said 25 and I think we started right at at four so we're probably good, you
know, another five or six minutes probably.
Um Honestly it's it's not that much different than what I'm used to. So I work for a large technology company. We tend to be spread across the US anyway. So you know all of my co workers for the most part are in different cities. So even when I would go into the office I basically I would sit in a little uh kind of a little room and most of the time I was on the telephone talking or are you know we use a um like a tool from Cisco Webex so that you can show presentations and run meetings from your computer. So, you know, usually when I was in the office I was I was doing that anyway, so now I'm just doing it from home, you know, obviously there were some, you know, co workers I would see in the office, you know chat with, you know during breaks and um you know that obviously is the piece that that's not happening. But um I think we were relatively, you know, we were relatively operating in a mode where that's how we got our work done was working across different locations and time zones and coming together and sort of knowing how to operate in in that environment. So so realistically that peace has has really not required a big change or big adaptation.
Right. Right. Right. Well that's good. And I think, you know, the one other thing that I've I've seen, you know, just is that if you've got a, you know, if you've got a place in the house where you can work and you know, kind of isolate yourself from the, you know, the rest of the family. It definitely helps. But you know, in some cases, you know, you know, you know, people are co workers, you know, they're set up at the kitchen table and you know, the, you know, the families walking by in the background and you know, that definitely I think makes it a little bit just because I think you've got to you've got to kind of tell your brain, you know, all right now I'm going into work mode and you know, I'm going to focus on work and then you can kind of step away and you can say, all right now I'm going to shift back into You know, family mode and um being able to kinda just even if it's that get up and walk 20 ft from one spot to another, it just helps you kind of make that that mental transition versus you know, if you're trying to do it in the same spot.
Right.
Yeah. Yeah, I think when that I could definitely see that happening, when everybody is going through that change, you know, everybody's trying to figure out, okay, what's what's the new routine like? You know, when do we start, when do we kind of end? When are the majority of people there, you know, the first couple of months yet could see where that everybody would kind of be on a little bit of a different page. And then over time, you know, people start to kind of, you know, they start to converge towards uh you know, kind of the just call it the, you know, the remote online culture
in terms of, you know, this is this is how we're going to work together. Yeah. So, wow, So any other plans or anything coming coming up in the in the next couple weeks,
I'm
on. Right,
read right. No, that's it's it's important. I would yeah, I would agree. I think the, you know, the collective health of, you know, the United States has probably taken a step backwards during this time. Mhm.
Oh in terms of like everybody putting on 15 extra pounds.
Right, Right, right, so all right, well, it looks like we're 26, so I think we're I think we're good. I think what we met our 25 minutes and Now we get 20 minutes of questions to answer. And but the good, the good thing is, is you probably saw when you did this last time is, uh, this is they pay real quick. So it's usually within like a day or so, so that's always next.
I agree. I agree. Nice to meet you. Take care and good luck.
All