Okay, Yeah. Yes, yeah, yeah Mhm Mhm Yes, Mhm, Mhm, mm. Mhm Uh huh Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah Mhm Mhm,
Hello?
I can't blame you at all. There
you
are.
That's
a pretty good, how about yourself?
Good to hear.
platform,
yeah, I mean uh northern Nevada, it's still still reasonably warm, it's almost t shirt weather outside during the uh getting getting down below freezing at night though.
temperature
outside
um No it's 50 for
right now, but it was it was up close to uh was 68 yesterday, right?
I lived
in
Wisconsin,
I lived in Wisconsin for 20 years, so yeah, I know cold weather
is available on its, got got real cold there um
Mhm Uh huh Bad right now, but once we
get into
january
february 43 are you in Wisconsin?
Are you in
Wisconsin?
york?
Yeah, I'm still here.
Weird. Uh You might try uh moving the
screen around like if you haven't maximized it doesn't show the bottom of the screen,
Um if for instance when I have my screen up and maximized, I can only see from your nose up, but if I just change it to a, you know, a small,
I mean
Hello?
that's good. Okay, well I'm glad that it's better now.
All
it's the company
logo.
Yeah, it's a company logo or
software
that I uh yeah, I started a company called the Sixes and uh it does dice rolling for people playing games off. So uh the logo for it is just the big red dye. Yeah.
Getting real popular over the last few months. Uh
some
a few 1000. Not uh not enough I can retire off of or anything, but it's a
little extra money in my pocket, so.
I
mean technical issues.
Well,
I've
been you I don't know. I can still see you just fine. Um Maybe I can still see you just fine. I don't know.
There you go, man. Having all kinds of
All
Good
to know.
least it reconnect. At
least it reconnects the uh Yeah, the first time I tried
to do
this.
Yeah, they're nice. I like the flowers you've got on your window. There were pretty
Um
That's pretty Yeah, here in the desert.
I don't
get many.
Don't get many
flowers out here.
Yeah, I could tell. I could see the
gold one. Gave it away.
Oh that's cool.
curl
draw
That's really nice. Uh huh mhm uh
mm what it's a and Games Lives?
No,
for
I'm hearing you just fine. Uh yeah the uh
the
the software, it's just
still having problems. Ah that's unfortunate. Uh
I'm gonna see if I can fix something here,
I don't know, I don't know if I can help it
and
also if
you can
still hear me,
hopefully
you can
yeah, I can hear you.
Yeah, yeah Okay, let's see if that's any better. Yeah, can you hear me and see me now?
Yeah, I'm seeing that as well, I'm not sure what's up with that, but maybe it's because I stepped away from in front
of my camera.
Cool. So the software,
it's for it's for people playing games online. Um like tabletop role playing games, like dungeons and dragons, that kind of thing. So people play that online and my software lets him roll dice, it makes it easier for them and uh they can trust the roles because it's from a third party, it's not you know, one person saying, yeah, I totally succeeded, you know um and you know the simple stuff is free, but if they want or complicated features then they can you know spend a little money like a buck a month or whatever and uh you know once uh once Covid hit and people didn't want to get together in person to play games, uh it got a whole lot more popular. Uh Yeah, it's been
little project.
No it's not a gambling thing,
it's it's not something like that unfortunately, it
would be fun to, it would be fun to set
up a casino like
that
What's that?
Well
how do you how do
you resolve
that?
did you end up having
to pay that dress?
yeah I used
to I
used to
manage a casino
and uh dealing with folks that thought they should be winning something when they shouldn't, was always tricky Mhm Mhm. Would you say about lottery tickets?
There
we go? Yeah
uh it's kind of blurry, I can't get a good view on it, you don't you don't just
scratch off all the dollar signs
In
if
nothing
else
ask you uh
ask the people worry
about
it.
Or
well good luck with it,
prolific.
man,
that's
that's
that's too
bad.
that's cool.
it was it was kind
of funny.
The first person in the uh
the 1st, 1st 2nd, Good, go ahead.
Oh yeah, yeah, the first person I talked to uh it didn't work out right and I could hear and see them but they couldn't see anything, they were just getting the gray screen. So it was basically me sitting there for five minutes. Well, you know, listening in on her talking with her friend about how she thought, you know, I never got a chance to talk to anybody on this. I think they're like just some kind of secret tests where they're trying to see how long you'll sit and wait if nothing happens. It was it felt kind of weird being a little voyeuristic there because she didn't know that there was anybody on the other end. It was it was kind of creepy. Yeah. But uh yeah, unfortunately yeah, the last one worked out pretty
well and this one is working
out
I
guess
ah five minutes until you know, she
gave up and you
know.
Yeah, but it was it was just kind of weird that, you know, just kind of you know, waiting there while she's you know, just chilling and hanging out. Uh huh. Yeah, I've gotta
I've gotta
drive
into
pounds.
Well, for apparently
she'd never been successful with it, she'd never been never seen anybody so she didn't know that it could work. Uh So she just started up and had it going and you know nothing was happening so Mhm,
Well there
is
software
out
there that can
mean
there
is software
out there that
can turn
on
the camera
so
Oh that's funny.
uh Oh that's funny.
No, no kids, no kids, my parents my parents are still alive, I call them a couple times a week.
Uh No, no kids just a puppy dog yeah hey do you want to come over here and just say hi?
well I think I see a cat tail there,
here we go,
Graham
ask
look at the
puppy
Uh huh Yeah, mine is a part black lab,
part
sneaky neighbor
dog.
Yeah,
go ahead.
There
you
go ahead.
just
explode in the winter.
Oh poor puppy, poor puppy.
my
dog grew
up in uh mm my dog grew up in cold Wisconsin winters, so she she loves the cold weather. Uh it was it was really rough potty training her because it was negative 40 outside when I was trying to potty trainer and she'd go outside and be like, oh look a neighbor, I'm excited to see the neighbor, I don't know, no peeing No, no that's not something I need to worry about, there's a neighbor I can go say hi to, so she'd be for like 20 minutes in the cold weather and I'm freezing my butt off. Eventually I got to the point of you know, letting her go outside and have, you know, one of those long leader leashes and just stick it in the doorway so I can stay inside where it's warm while she hangs out outside until she's ready to come back in.
uh Right now I live in a tiny house on 20 acres out in the middle of the desert, It's a half hour drive to nearest town for me.
Oh yeah, I let her run free out here. But this was in, when I lived in Wisconsin, I was in in downtown Madison in an apartment. Yeah, when
she was getting potty trained when she was a little puppy dog, she's yeah, she's seven years old now she can she can hold her own
trip.
But
No.
It is
you know,
they can
all
hear
you them too, so no privacy. Uh huh.
I like the space I've got, I'm right next to a bunch of Bureau of Land Management Land. So I mean one of my neighbors is basically 100 and 60 acres of nothing that will never be anything. Uh my my closest neighbor if I wanted to see them, I'd need binoculars. Uh You know, I can I can see their house, that's about it. Yeah.
that's nice. I can
go
out with a dog and let her run around and don't have to worry about anything. You know, it's a
right, you know, not even not even that much traffic going by, I mean maybe you know a dozen cars a day drive by the road, so that's just,
you know, neighbors commuting to work.
Two
No,
yeah, the air
man,
I don't know.
Uh well it
was good
chatting
with you.
I think we're
yeah. Uh I hope you have a great
day and uh good
luck with
your
lottery
ticket there. Mhm.
Good luck with your lottery.
explain.
have a good
day,
but
all
I will
do.