and hi, how you
doing? How I
here we
go.
I am. I have my trusty tape over it. So how are
you today?
Oh, I'm doing well so far. So good. It's been a good day. My granddaughter's
been here. Yeah. My granddaughter was here and she loves those very expensive little teeny dolls and she loves to take them and get them dressed and paint them and do all kinds of stuff with them. So I've had a fun
day. It's raining and cold. I'm glad it's not snow. Okay. Bye.
Yeah. Right now for you is how, how, what's the cure for you t
shirt weather?
So in this government means
from
68 now. See, I'd love to live in water weather like that. I used to live down in florida and when I lived down there it was, you know, pretty much hot all the time. You get your january february something, you would like to have a cold spell and like you said, you know, you'll be 75 at noon and 35 you are 25 at midnight or whatever and it's a whole different cold. My bones just can't stand it. They
can't
stand
cold and the snow either but
They want
You know the truth it's what? It's real cold right now. I don't even know when you hear
let's
see
43
you want?
No
no I'm in new york. No
I'm in upstate new york. Yeah. Yeah right on the um you know when I first come here I had to learn well I've tried to learn how to speak yankee but it's not easy. Where'd you go? Did you leave me?
All I see is a outline of I can hear you but I can't see you.
What?
I do.
Now you're gone, everything is gone mm. Can you come back?
All right and you're much
clearer right now? You are a little bit blurry before.
Yes it's better now I can uh It was kind of breaking up and a little bit weird but that's okay. I look at your red dice
in the background. What is that? Your red dice?
What
is that?
The
company?
Well cool. So you developed a program that people play they play your game or something?
Do you get paid for it?
Is there something?
Well
well that's why I do pro folic your face. Your picture's gone again. It's just the shape of a body.
Now.
I don't know why should I go out and try to
come
back?
You can still see me? Well we'll just go with her I guess I guess even base can you you're breaking up real bad but that's we just kept it. Have to deal with it. Do you like flowers at all? Do you like flowers? Are you still there? Can you see me? Uh Yeah. Yeah.
Hey I guess. I don't know. I oh I'll wait for you. If it happens again I'll
wait and you
can try
to come back and whatever. Yeah, I could try to go. I was gonna try leaving myself and you know just trying to go back to that one and open a new window. But every time I do that it seems like I lose everything and then y'all then it gets lost and that sucks. Mm.
But
singing
like
flowers.
They like all. I'll show them watch out sonny. But yeah, almost got your nose. These are my beauties. I love them, love them. Love them There there my happy flowers. Mhm.
Yeah.
Well I just
got
the one
christmas.
No they're not real hon there's there's still,
well
they're still there. My cats they're my cats toy. I let I put it up there then the cat gets up there and she just plays with them and practically destroys them. I make a little baseballs of them. And what I do is I I go to like a the dollar store and the ali's and to walmart and I asked them because you know all the heads fall off the flowers and you see him laying on the floor and they instead of throwing them in the garbage now they pick them up and they save them for me.
And then I make a little vase it puts nice stuff on it, you're the best, you're wonderful, you're you know whatever you want to put on the face, put little words on the face and then um give it to the people's at the nursing home and so they just absolutely love them. Absolutely and it makes their day so happy that I have a little trouble with the virus. But I used to always bring them mom fresh flowers from my gardens when it was in when you know it's it's season summer time for us what little what tiny little summer we do get. I used to take them but um I started doing the cell phones because a lot of them have dementia and they have that you know where they shake and this and that and the other and they're not as steady on their feet and stuff and so at some point maybe they could um knock the glass over the base over and the base would break and now they got glass to clean up, they got water to clean up and man you know, so somebody could get cut. So now I just switched it around and I said, yeah, I got the dollar store and the other goalies is really good. Um But they give me the stuff and then I make them and then I put like a get a clear base, a clear plastic face and then put confetti in it of all
different
colors and then put the little flowers in them. So All right, I love doing it. And Uh huh. It sure gives them a smile and that's what important to me.
And well, how can I make money on your game? Yeah.
Is that how you people play your game? And then you get royalty from it or something? Uh You're froze on me. I
can't hear
you. I don't know if you can hear me? But you froze on me.
There
we go. Oh
now there goes the
I can't hear you and there's a body there.
that's too bad,
okay I hope
I don't
lose
you
when you have to
come back
if you do, I can hear you, I don't know if you can hear me,
can you hear me and see me? Okay
I can hear you but I can't see you, there's just the image of a body there
There
you are, there you are
now
Well that's
good, I'm that's fantastic, can I make money on it if I were to play you make money?
I
no
shoot
I
was stupid, it's something it would be, you know what I was thinking about doing?
It was uh I have thought about sitting up with super board a super bowl board online and z you have everybody pay $100 a so $100 a square, you've got 100 squares and everybody puts pick their own square and stuff. But um uh I don't I don't think most strangers I could get, you know, my friends and people that used to get on my Super Bowl board when I owned the bar and stuff, they would trust me enough this or that or the other that they could pay palette and that. Uh But like if I if I said to you okay about the Super Bowl board, what number do you want? And you got to send me $100? You get that number and that's your number throughout the whole thing. So you know what your numbers are right off the bat and all you gotta do is have the football game score those numbers. And we played for first quarter, second quarter, first quarter, halftime, third quarter. And then the end of the game, we had to change it from the end of the game are change it from fourth quarter to the end of the game because we had one of the boards one year, the um the boards, uh the game went over time. And so the person that when the game the game was, oh no, when it was the end of the game, that person wanted the money. But the end of the game wasn't until the end of the
fourth quarter, you know, at the end of the so
we
had to change
it. You know, I resolved
it by
uh the good people. I did, I did I did I didn't have to pay them out of my pocket. What we just everybody because I own the bar and just everybody, everybody there knows it was like a cheers bar, everybody knows your name, you know? Um all the winners pitched in and I think we could win, I can't remember, it was like $500 a quarter or $400 a quarter. And then uh couple of different things but the everybody, all the winners pitched in and and give him enough money to appease him too because you know, but I couldn't you know, what do you do, what do you do? It's the end of the game and it's the end of the game. Mm
I got
these
lottery
tickets.
Well I tell you what, I got this here, I don't know if you can see it, let's say, oh I got a boy short to the camera. This
scratch
off card, right? And I cannot find where do you scratch the winning numbers? I cannot see one place on here where you stretch the winning numbers, do you
Now
now you scratch off all the dollar signs. But somewhere and here somewhere there's like one you scratch it off and that tells you you're winning number, you know? And so you scratch off the dollar signs. And if that matches the winner, if you're winning number matches, you get whatever the thing is. But I didn't even bother scratching and I can't find them winning number. So I said I just wait until my daughter gets here. She
can show me where that anything is because I can't find it. I
said
hopefully
because
you
might
not
be able to see, you know, I got $100 winner right? There is so it looks like that's what I'm hoping because it's got that symbol, but I can't figure it out. So um I will take it to the gas station or my my, when my daughter gets here, she'll go, oh mom, you can't find out. You can see in this great in front
of your eyes. Well
good. Sometimes you just can't think, I hope it's $100 winner. But yeah, that's why I do pro folic or however you say it. Um, a lot of people say it differently per from
what the guys say yesterday, periphery prolific for folic. He's and he says, no, no, it's uh prolific. I said, whoa, prolific for folic. I just, you know, I do it, but I do like this, um, this website or whatever. I do a lot of the survey sites and things and I like this one. Best of all. I do like it Best of all. There's a couple that are good moneymakers, but this one, especially when they do the live chats and um, sometimes you get some real funny funny. I got the one guy I got was just, he told so many jokes and he was so funny. I laughed until we talked for like 45 minutes and he just kept me writing
stitches the
whole time. That was a nice one. But then I
got one that was a little bit, uh, she was a little bit odd. She started off, she looked like she had been crying and then she, she just got some bad news and I was telling her, y'all we tried talking about that and the other and um, but she, she was real sad and depressed and you know, she probably
wouldn't
have been there if uh, if she uh, she hadn't got assigned that time or whatever, she probably wouldn't have. But she, she was a nice girl. So
I had a couple pretty good ones. I wish that I wish I could do two or three a day. I really do because
I'm
disabled
and I get
no please. You go
Did
you
go through
the
whole conversation?
There's
technical
problems.
And she
wasn't
trying
to
get fixed.
You got what?
Well my very the very first one and even with you now I still um I have I always keep my camera covered and so I keep it covered all the time just because I'm I don't know why I'm paranoid. I don't know. So
I just
keep
the camera
covered
so that I know that whatever. Well
the
first
time
that
I
talked
to
anybody. Yeah. Yeah. The first time that I talked to the guy I talked to this guy for like maybe almost 10 minutes I'm talking to him and he's had the same problem. I could see him perfectly fine but he couldn't see me but he could hear me but he couldn't see me. So about 10 minutes later I look up at my Band aid and went oh my gosh, I pulled it off. He goes there you are. That
was pretty funny. It was pretty funny because then now don't take me quite as mom. But even when my grandson will call me and I have taped over the things so he can't you know you can call me on my phone and it see me on the phone but he can't see me on the computer unless I take that off. So he's granny, you gotta take your Band aid off. Yeah. Mm.
Do you have Children? Mm
no kids.
well I can understand. I got I got I got a kitty cat
Yeah there's a sale anyhow she's right they stay I got down there and I don't know if you can see him he's my Shetland sheepdog because I mean look up got a you can't see you you can't see you clear clearly
moved here so I can see come on come on
come closer
closer there you are. Look at Sonny
so
pretty. He's a Shetland sheepdog.
he
is
shell
and shaped up. Oh
that's a good the good combination.
I
had
black
lab combination whoever was but she was a long haired black lab you know whatever she was mixed with was long hair and that was she was so beautiful she was just beautiful. But her hair when um during the summer time it would just grow out and it grow out like four inches or so and she she was shed everywhere.
Everyone
it's no black hair. Yeah it doesn't matter if I had one of them little vacuum cleaners that run around and did what they do then it would have been alright but so we're going with um getting brute and have her shave it off you know and just put it down so and he looked like a completely different doc, a completely different dog and the first or second time probably both times when we did it it made her so sad, she was just like why did you cut all my hair off?
mm. Yeah she was she finally she just but it was cooler for her and it didn't shed so bad for us so and in the winter time we let it grow for us because you got to go outside in the snow and whatever, she might as well have a good coat on while she's out there. Well I thought about
shaving
him.
Oh there you go. When? So do you live like in a a big city place like an apartment building or something?
Oh Lordy mercy do you you can't let her run free?
oh.
There you go.
He loved it, Sonny loves it, he'll get out there and um when the snow is like a foot or two deep and he'll just barrel through and get and I've got
a little tiny uh my little chihuahua and she uh she's his girlfriend or whatever, she is his queen, she was here when he got here and he's a boy, she's the girl and he just treats her like a queen, that dog, my little chihuahua, she'll just she'll just be lay there and this and this and he'll he'll start getting nancy and start barking and he can tell when that girl wants to go outside. She is like she sends him a signal and says hey sonny sonny, I got to go out and tell her I got to go out, I got to go out and he'll start dancing and having his little bit off we go and I let him run. But I got
a nice yard enough and there's a wooden fence that separates we've got like or maybe an acre and a half. But there's a wooden fence that separates us from the other house. I don't know it's probably I'd say two or three football fields to the other house. But I look at people in the city and I mean it looks they're so close together, it don't even look like you could walk through there without touching both houses. You know what I mean? It's like oh, if I had to live in a yard like that and just be, you know, confined so much, it would just drive me, I couldn't I couldn't not, we went and visited one of our friends, They live in an apartment building, insisted we stay with them, okay, You know, they got the extra bedroom and wonderful and fine and it was amazing,
you could just don't hear almost everything and the people in the apartment next door was doing and the people upstairs and the people over yonder and it's it's like they're having sex and they're doing this and they're having a fuss and wow, how do you live like this? I couldn't
live
in
an
apartment.
Everything that you do, yo you're like, wow, this is, this is not, you know, I I couldn't do it, I would not want to, I am so thankful for my house in my yard and covid.
Really good. That's a good, I mean
for me that's
good.
Yeah.
No,
well in front of my house used to be a two lane highway and you know, usually they have like the two lane highway but they have like a another parking spot or something way, you know, there's a big space. Yeah. And so it was a two lane and so they decided that they're going to make it a four lane and so we went through two years about two years of construction going on
in front of our house and the damn mom, the water main or whatever you call it was right right out in front of our, in front of our mailbox. And so they're constantly in front of my house because they're constantly you gotta turn off that guy's water or you gotta whatever it is that they're doing in this direct or whatever and you sometimes you have water, sometimes you don't have water, but they're constantly out there and these guys are out there with their cigarettes, just a smoking and laughing and having a good time that these are county workers, you know their highway workers and whatever. And I watched them, the four of them were just you know, the one guy, he looked like he was about 65 70 years old or whatever and he just sat there smoking a cigarette with one hand on his step just about the entire time they were working. But then they decided that across the street the I'm right close to the college and so they wanted to build uh college housing over there and with within one summer this man come this company coming and they bought machines in here like I have never seen before, pieces of equipment that was just unbelievable. And they built that apartment complex with within that summer that summer
it was up and ready for the young ones to move in. Well, when when we used to have just the two lane, it's got like a, like a hill kind of thing. And so here comes the uh here comes the semi truck and the semi trucks coming down. And you know how when they either going uphill or downhill, whatever they do and they go quite a ho slow right down,
you know? Well, yeah, kinda and man, you know, it was like uh yeah, you know, and you know, it was just something to bitch about, you know that they you woke up by a truck going by now, let me tell you, they've got a floor lane out there and they got that, I call it Hidden City across the street and it's got all them damn college kids in it. And they got a basketball court, a basketball court is my driveway and the basketball court is right across the highway from my driveway. So you think about that tractor trailer going by was nothing compared to five or six idiot coming home from the bars, drunk and getting out there, Blair
and there four o'clock in the morning and playing basketball and you could hear just about ever, ever, you know, just the almost the you can hear it but it was almost a vibration of it or something that weird. It's weird. But now I don't do that because I build on and I have a different part of my house that I live in, it's farther away from the road, so
I don't, but it's really they're they're they're so terrible on something they call Bridge Street run. And what they do is they pick them up at their houses and then they go bar to bar, to bar, to bar to bar to bar to bar. And they hit like 15 bars and then they come home and those guys are freaking nuts. They're idiots. Crazy people in the
how's
our
time
going? It
was
well,
well
I
lived
for Youtube.
What's that?
Good. Yeah. Thank you very much. Thank you very
much. All right sweetheart.
You
have a great day. Every time
you see a flower smile it will
smile back
at