SPEAKER_L: uh It sucks. Okay. Testing. It looks like it works okay. It does about eight minutes early, so I guess I'm gonna have to wait, but that's okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's good lighting you can see. Mhm. Help. Yeah. Is it raining in Chicago? Okay. Google. Is it raining in Chicago right now? Hello? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. For enough and though it sucks. 16. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. If you have. Mhm. You know me right. I'd rather be earlier than light video chat was paul. No, just in general. I don't think paul's on right now. Um It's through the survey site. I do prolific. So you do a 20 minute survey, 20 minute questions And it's $14. You have to video. We actually have to video chat with someone. Some random stranger. Yeah. But you know what the flip side of it is is, you know, I don't know what Yeah. Nice. Thank you. Yeah, appreciate your confidence profit. Yeah. No calls that out. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now this could very well be a survey that is just are people willing to sign up and actually video chat or is it, how long will this dummy sit there and wait for someone video chat? The answer is as long as they prescribe and the reason why is, you know there Legitimately, you know, even though it's only like 60 cents, it's they're still paying me to do something. Sure. Yeah. I don't want to work. It was the lady. Mhm. But I know that if I jumped on at 10:00 PMclock that the person, if there was a person You know couldn't jump on it like 9:55 and be like he's not here whereas buy me jumping on there. What's going on here? Yeah. Ah This guy put a runner on cause. Yeah. Yeah, ensure that are called theater. What texas city commissioner killed in gun battle with police. Yeah. Uh huh mhm How police are bad. No, but I'm saying what that was was that was like, that's like an alderman getting in a gunfight like oh like shot too. He got it. Said obviously he got shot but he pulled out his gun. Yeah. With the police and sheriff's deputy who responded to a domestic disturbance call at his home. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Apartment is not, this is wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm Okay. The baby. Mhm. Some water. Uh huh. Did you see that the ST louis cardinals are discussing pausing the season made a covid outbreak. Yeah, there was two players yesterday that's why the brewers didn't get a chance to play and then three more staffers today. So ouch honestly I don't fully get like with people like basically the sports teams, but it's like fine if you like, I don't have a mask around your team, but I feel like around your coach or through around like a staffer, it's not like, why doesn't everybody just like wear a mask? That's great. I don't know because like there's people on my cross country team that are like on multiple teams and like we don't have to wear a mask. But like I don't hang out with like everybody. I'm hanging out with like a handful of group. Like still, it's weird. It was safe for like softball. Yeah. I don't know. Like said, I am. Yeah, I can say that with pretty much absolute certainty that um, All right. It's a bad idea. You know, I was concerned with Tobias, his little league. I thought for sure they were going to be more okay, more stringent with their rules. Like they weren't supposed to it and dug out. They did they weren't supposed to get you know together. They did they're not supposed to high five. They did so I don't know. And like they were different from like slightly with like when like a ball got sent out and like audience touched it that like so I don't know. It all feels weird because they could last. Yeah. Mhm. A year trio. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. So I've never done one of these before but uh I guess there's a better way to Better way to spend 25 minutes so.
SPEAKER_R: that's alright. I've done one before. Yeah they're pretty cool,
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: pretty simple. You know you just say whatever. Really? No right or wrong answers. So where are you located?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Milwaukee. So
SPEAKER_R: Milwaukee.
SPEAKER_L: what's going to? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well I'm in michigan. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You pr the uh a state of
SPEAKER_R: Uh No I'm not in the other prints. I'm in the lower half. I'm never like the Detroit area.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Very cool. Um The reason I ask because I have a friend who lives up in the U. P. And he wants to get me up there but there's nothing to do up there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not really. I've been at the upper peninsula before. Just like cabins really.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um vacation homes for people. There's really not a whole lot recreational stuff to do out there. Just kind of more of a vacation getaway I guess for people. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's I might do it. There's nothing to do around here. I mean it's pretty much it's like everywhere it's pretty much closed down and lots of tv and lots of movies but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's been kind of rough right? Everybody I talked to people my age, you know it's been rough just sitting at the house and I really whole lot to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it it sucks because you can do things but then you know you see so many people just being just completely reckless so it's it's one of those things it's I don't know uh My son plays baseball so you know that was neat but you know it's one of those situations that it's about it where normally there would be thousands of things to do. Like you know the brewers just got canceled for today and you know I was hoping actually watched that but now the Cardinals came in and canceled the series so. But. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's rough. Not a whole lot on tv. Uh Netflix. A lot of people are on netflix, playing video games, skyping each other. Uh People just keep trying to be busy I guess or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I never thought I'd have as many streaming services, like I think at the start of this I had netflix and then prime and then, you know, in the last like three months I've added cbs and yellow because he just gets to the point where you've seen everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly and they've got to move on to something else. Especially if there's a lot of downtime.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, and for me I'm a teacher, so this summer is, You know, it's my first summer in 15 years that I've had off and then it's this, so I normally would work a second job or but the first summer, so you know, in like february, I was talking to my wife and we're gonna go to the Dells, we're gonna go to Chicago, we're going to do all this cool stuff,
SPEAKER_R: that sounds pretty nice. Um So did they cancel the whole school year or something? I know in California they cancelled the school year so you
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: know teachers
SPEAKER_L: we did
SPEAKER_R: are out
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: luck. There goes.
SPEAKER_L: it was the worst of imaginable thing, it was, we went in on friday and they said, pack up your stuff Were most likely going to be out for 2-4 weeks. So I grabbed all my student work so I could bring it home and grade it. And then we came in on that monday, which is a professional development day and they said now we're going to be, you're going to shift online learning starting tomorrow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I've been Aaron that's what they're doing on zoom I think or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. We did either google or google meet or zoom for seven hours, eight hours a day. And you know, you can see the kids, they're playing video games and the parents are like, you know, it was,
SPEAKER_R: the parents
SPEAKER_L: you know, I'm
SPEAKER_R: are saying
SPEAKER_L: appointment.
SPEAKER_R: it just as much as the kids probably honestly.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, well and the parents were saying, they're like, I don't know how you do it with 30 kids, I have to at home and they're driving me crazy. And you know, it was hard because, you know, I'm a parent myself, so I was helping my own kids while doing lessons, planning, organizing, coordinating and then you know, there's just so much unknown and then you know the quality of work was just, it's different, you know, I mean, I don't know what I would do if I was a kid. You know, I know that you know When I was 16 years old there was zero. I didn't heck I think I had a super Nintendo so you know it was not connected to the internet where as you know my son has an Xbox so he can play
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: an Xbox as
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean you know the idea of like, hey, I want to learn math or I can play grand theft auto.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Which one's more alert in? All right and you're gonna pick the game each time?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But you know it's, it's pretty cool. How do you like the expects? My son loves it. I play it once in a while but just don't really get around to it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: very much.
SPEAKER_R: love it. Especially right now with there being nothing to do. That thing has been my saving grace throughout this pretty much so it's always kept you know I'm up pretty late obviously because look at the session time so it's definitely been nice to keep me occupied during the late hours where there's like literally nothing else to do. So it's been a good distraction and there's been some decent games on it. I plan pc as well so I got like a lot of different devices to play on. But yeah. Great Council. I love it. Honestly. Always something to do on there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would about four years ago we were deciding between Playstation or Xbox and um I had a playstation in college so I was like well and my son is like no Xbox the way to go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I had a PS two when I was younger but then sometime after the PS two I just went Xbox all the way and I kind of never really looked back, I played on A PS three before. Um I never played on a P. S. For those so I can't really judge that honestly a lot of the stuff for the PS five spec wise I was pretty impressed by like um yeah I probably wouldn't switch though. I have too much of a dusted interest over on Xbox. Too many games I've bought and you know, I got to see my money's worth out of them. That's what it almost becomes at that point. Like even if I thought about switching, I put all my eggs in that basket over there so I can't really do it. Um Anything really about that I guess. I mean you could get to but Uh huh. I'm not the best option really, money wise.
SPEAKER_L: especially if you stick with one platform you get no more games and all that. Um I played the Xbox at another shows
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: how old I am sadly. Um we had an original Xbox in our dorm that we had
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: rigged up and we were playing against people in Sweden and such and we're playing the original halo when it came out and that was such a blast. But you know it was
SPEAKER_R: I played a lot
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: of halo two back and day one of my favorite original Xbox games, like hands down, so I definitely know what you mean.
SPEAKER_L: well it was just to leap ahead. Like I remember playing the original grand theft auto where it was like, you know like Mario effectively you had this little car, you stole it And then seeing Grand Theft Auto three and then seeing halo and being like just blown away, you know? Open the world.
SPEAKER_R: He played as a kid. It was a great game. I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: should have played those games as a kid, but not
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: the worst thing a kid could do these days. I've I've seen
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: kids do way worse things. But there's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: a lot of parents out there. There are like my kid will not play video games. You know, they can't be moved on that they're just very stuck in their ways. That video games are bad because you know, we see all these stupid stories of like guy killed his family or something allegedly played halo or something. The media, you know, make something out of it. It's kind of just a big crazy thing really.
SPEAKER_L: I can say as a parent myself that you know they're going to play it whether you tell them to or not if
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: long
SPEAKER_R: you can't
SPEAKER_L: is going to read.
SPEAKER_R: monitor them noticed. I mean I'm not a parent personally, but I'm only 25 years old, so I'd be a little bit young to be a parent. One of, one of my friends, one of my close friends, he's a parent, he's a little bit older than he is 27 and um, honestly, I just can't imagine being issues and having a kid, he is so busy right now and I see how much harder he has to work. Like it's just uh, no, thank you. Maybe when I'm 35 or something like I got my own life to take care of, I'm not gonna,
SPEAKER_L: Well I
SPEAKER_R: they care about.
SPEAKER_L: will tell you that would be a good, good way to go about it because I'm 37 and I have a 14 year old. So I was 24 when I had my first child and I will tell you the as busy as you think you'll be, it's twice as busy, like, you know, something as simple as you get off work and you're like okay, I'm gonna go home, I got this plan and this plan, this plan and you walk in the door and the kids are like uh project due tomorrow, we gotta run to target and then, you know, your wife will go, you know, hey, I also need this and before you know what your, it's 12 o'clock at night and you're like and do anything that I wanted to do, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My friend always has that problem. He'll get home from work after working 12 hours, he'll want to
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: go play xbox or
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: something or you know, you want to just go relax, watch a movie with his girlfriend and you know, something with the kid, he's got a 10 kid and yeah, it just keeps him so busy. I mean, maybe one day I would like kids, but I can wait on him for sure. Honestly, especially with everything going on right now with Covid. Like I couldn't imagine having a kid right now. This is such a scary time to live in. Honestly. Like I feel bad for all the kids I really do. Like isn't messed up for them. Like the isolation. I mean that's not good for anybody and then
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: long periods of time is like, geez, I you're going to see a lot of kids probably with social problems at this point come out of this because you got
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to have face to face conversations. You can't do this online life.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's not the same, it's for my own kids just seeing what they missed out. Like my daughter is a freshman, she missed out of this mothballs. She missed out on a cross country and it's just just like you said, I mean, you know, as kids just hanging out playing, you know, there's there's a value in playing video games with each other, you know with the exception of course of the throne remote or you know, hey uh Yeah. But yeah, it's I don't know, I think in 20 years will reflect upon a time like this and just look back and go and how do we get through it, number one? Which I wish I knew the answer to now. Right?
SPEAKER_R: sure. Yeah, my mom always says that too. Like she's 55 so she's a little bit older than us both. But she always says, Wow, I thought I'd be long dead before anything like this ever happens. She goes out and almost can't even fathom this is a real world wearing the mask. She just never would have guessed something like that. It really is wild. I mean, I look at it all the time. Who would have ever guessed something like this? Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think you're spot on my parents. My dad's 57. And he actually said the same thing. He was like, you know, if you'd have said to me a year ago, what would summer look like? I would've never guessed another guest. It's But you know, maybe in 20 years, this is maybe our flash bulb moment. Like, you know, for me, the only one I can think of that Maybe even relatively close was 911. Remember that's one where I remember exactly where I was on that day. And then you know, other than that, I don't think there has been one since.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can't really remember 9 11 2. I had probably been in elementary school, so it's kind of just more of like a, like a far off memory really?
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't really remember it
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. For me it was my very first week of college, uh, scariest thing. I was doing a photo copies and the secretary runs in and says we're under attack. And I'm like What? Because I went to a small college in the center of the state. So there's like 10,000 people on it. So there's you know, I'm not the heck you talking which turns on the news and just what in the world. So my roommate and I um went back to our dorms and watch it on tv. And just But I mean that's pretty much how March 13 was for this, you know, because it felt like a normal
SPEAKER_R: March
SPEAKER_L: day
SPEAKER_R: 13.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was supposed to go to a wrestling event that day. Like I kid you not, I don't know if you watch wrestling at all, but I was going to go to a Smackdown down in downtown Detroit. I was so excited for it. I had like four throw tickets. I got the tickets early.
SPEAKER_L: man,
SPEAKER_R: I got him for a really good price. Um I had time off of work so I was so excited and they're like
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: Covid,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: I just barely missed it because that Wednesday they had a show. So it's just just bad time when I guess. And then from from there down, we pretty much went into full lockdown. Our governor basically, she liked the state fully down and we didn't really get out of that until um maybe halfway through May, halfway through june. It was rough and I was definitely a couple times at the houses like this. This is ridiculous. Like just let us go to a few places like this is like, I mean it's like, come on. You know, we're just normal people here and it's like had to survive. I mean, I was out of work at that time. It was just a whole scary experience honestly. Like uh, is really crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. For me uh what's interesting is I was I was uh wrestling coach and we had a conference on that saturday, so just it was just surreal like, you know, and then it will be
SPEAKER_R: it was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: ambiguity of it. Like I thought it would last about 23 weeks, we're going to be back in school finish off
SPEAKER_R: I thought that too.
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: I thought this could go for a month or something. I didn't really realize, you know how
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: serious this would become or something. Because I thought about that other thing that that happened with like the E coli like break and I was that only seems to last month or two tops maybe I didn't proceed. Uh yeah, this looks like they're going like 20, or something. Really
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: proceeded to last island.
SPEAKER_L: it's I remember swine flu that happened about All right, 10 years ago, 12 years ago. And you know, it just like you said last about two months he was gone, you know, and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: what makes
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: I thought.
SPEAKER_R: one so scared like people's lives gonna go back to normal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know. And I know as a teaching team we were talking on Skype or so that's my, excuse me google meet and we were talking about this the last whatever the last snow day was which I think was two years ago is probably the last note they will ever have, you will never have one again because they now know that in a moment's notice they can get us to do online, they can get the kids to so I was that's not my wife, I said you know the days of waking up and seeing snow and being happy about it. God good.
SPEAKER_R: It is kind of nice how far along technologies come? Because again, you know, who would have seen that coming that you could even do something like that online? So God almost be grateful that something like that even exists in the first place.
SPEAKER_L: Well it just imagined, I mean jeez if this would have happened when I was in high school we had A O. L. Broad
SPEAKER_R: People would
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: have been far
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: their mind. I would have gotten nuts.
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: I would have known what to do when the internet's out. Like I'll just take like an Ambien or something, go to sleep. Like it's bad. I'm too addicted.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well the same same way I gosh, I couldn't even imagine like just Yeah, because I mean for me that you know high school is about 20 years ago now and uh yeah, I think I had a playstation. The library is would have been closed. So there was nothing internet.
SPEAKER_R: Great
SPEAKER_L: Well my parents were cheapest house so we had like
SPEAKER_R: dialogue.
SPEAKER_L: come on I think we have dial up up until I got to uh Maybe 9th grade at 9th grade, we got broadband, but before that it was dial up and you know kids will never understand what that was like. You were like chatting with someone through instant messenger which was by far the coolest texting is cool but instant messenger was so awesome like pop on leave a message and stuff. But you know you the best one I remember is I was talking to this girl online from high school you know had a message, my sister gets a call, knocks me off, I couldn't connect with their for like four days. Finally because it was during summer all of a sudden, you know, school starts and I catch back and she's like, yeah, I was trying to get a hold of you and I just gave up on you. Like really sad,
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: Michael, so thankfully that you know, that was a girl that I'm glad I never ended up with because but you know, I was upset in the time. I can tell you that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, for sure. I mean anyone would be so how is prolific been treating you?
SPEAKER_L: Not bad. I did a little mechanical work for, you know, a little bit and
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: done.
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I'm target it
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: just looked so over complicated, consulted I looked at it.
SPEAKER_L: Well, and it it doesn't pay anything like you do it 20 minutes survey. It's like nine cents. And then that wouldn't bother me because
SPEAKER_R: Through that.
SPEAKER_L: like, like during summer I don't care because you know, a couple, you know, I looked at it like, you know by a couple of books, but you know, then a couple of times like I did the survey and I get rejected and I was like, the hell is this like, you know, it was nine cents and I did the best I could and I didn't get anything. So No, I I like prolific. It's pretty solid.
SPEAKER_R: prolific.
SPEAKER_L: I mean especially
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I use a lot of different survey sites. I mean there was a time where, you know, I was out of work. I didn't have anything so I had to hit this this pretty hard. I mean I had a lot of different platforms around, I don't know if you're familiar with some of them. Like I used like they literally that was really good at me. I was getting a lot of studies. Um I tell people this all the time because they're like how do you get into these studies? You know, I never get into them. It's like, I mean it might sound a little like pretentious a little bit, but it's not supposed to, I mean I'm only 25, but I've been through a lot of like life experiences that people my age is couldn't relate to. Like I almost felt like older than 25. Like I've just gone through so many different things in life that you know, the researchers are kind of looking into. So I kind of benefit in that regard. So yeah, they literally was treating me really good um user interviews treating me really good. I had a lot of studies with that um because I was finding that that's where the money's at doing like those one on one zoom chats with the researcher, that's where the money's at for sure. Um if you can qualify for them. But um yeah, it just became a routine like wake up, you know, fill out a few screeners. I mean I was just sitting on my phone, you know, browsing crap anyway, so you might as well put this to using my friends. I was like, you're so weird, you know, why do you do so many of these studies? You know, you're you don't go on like social media that much, you know, it was doing these studies and like well you know the pain well and you know, I could use the money. Especially these these downtimes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's exactly what I was thinking. Like, you know, during the school year, stupidly busy. So it's it's hard, but during summer I'm like, I'm making nothing and I'm sitting on my butt like that, that's not how I work, you know?
SPEAKER_R: it gives you something to do. And honestly a lot of the studies are pretty interested, at least what I've seen. Even just, I'm prolific. Like I've gotten a lot of interesting studies like this one for instance, I've done this one twice and uh these have always been really cool, like I remember my last conversation um I talked to some mother um she was down south. Um we had a lot in common, so it was pretty cool that to kind of see like how they ended up matching or so. Um yeah, I was almost thinking with how late this session was. I was thinking pretty late. I how many americans are gonna be on that time? I know prolific worldwide. For most parts, I'm thinking, am I gonna talk to someone from England and I talked to someone from like Germany or something like that, be
SPEAKER_L: Something.
SPEAKER_R: pretty interesting. But um yeah, these studies are super cool. You can actually uh in the email so you can actually do these four times. So I plan to toughly take advantage of that do these four times and I think it's pretty easy money. I think it's pretty cool you know it gives me something to do as well. So um yeah basically just like what you said pretty much instead of just sitting there on your bucks, I'm like that too. I just cannot sit there and you know not do anything. I got to do something, I have to be doing something. You know I gotta have my brain working one or another. I can't just sit there idle in like I don't know how people do that either.
SPEAKER_L: I'll never understand. It's no, it's just especially with regards to, you know, like right now at night like I knew my, you know, my kids, they would just be playing video game stuff. My wife usually, you know, she goes to bed early so I was like 10 o'clock. And actually what's funny is when I got on, I I got on at 10, I'm like, well I guess I'm not gonna see anybody, so, but you know, it's been really cool, you know, it's it's been a a really great experience and It's fun to just, I work with a lot of young people. Like, you know, like I remember starting as a teacher and being 24 and I thought, you know, because my
SPEAKER_R: that's just a year younger.
SPEAKER_L: parents, Yeah, well and my parents were there only 20 years older than me. So, you know, at that time my dad was in his forties, so I had teachers that were in their forties and going, oh my God, you could be my kid and now I was working with one of our new teachers and I was showing her you know how to do our lesson plans and everything and she's like you did you graduate high school? And I told her she's like, oh my God, I was in kindergarten, I'm like, oh my God, I'm an old teacher now, what happened? So, but it's just a time goes so fast, like one minute you're 25 and you're, you know, just finishing college or or in the workforce and such and then you blank in your like christ, my daughter is almost in college and then, you know, I talked to my dad and my dad's like, you know, it wasn't that long ago you were this big and so it's, it's amazing times we live in though, you know, just stuff like this with technology is just phenomenal, you know. I know. No, just something as simple as baseball when I was a kid, whatever was on tv was all you could watch now. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: my mom
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: know all about that. Yeah. I think I think when she talks about her childhood when she's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: saying, you know, you know how good you have it stories or something back when I was a kid, so I wasn't really bothered me about that stuff anymore. She knows I'm pretty mature and you know, doing all right for my age. But yeah, I used to remember hearing those stories. Hey, there's, there's two or three channels on the cable. You don't like them, you know, Too bad. So sad for you. So yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: just great
SPEAKER_L: even,
SPEAKER_R: to see the variety we got these days.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Well even just commercials, you know, the idea of being able to pause as a kid, I couldn't do it. Like my kids would go like, why do you get up on commercial so fast? Heck, when I was kid, if you missed,
SPEAKER_R: the practice get used to it.
SPEAKER_L: oh man, if you, if you got up during the middle of the show, you didn't see it. It wasn't coming out until reruns came out a year later. So like, yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: it was awful,
SPEAKER_R: is kind of crazy just imagining that bag.
SPEAKER_L: And that's, I mean that's in my lifetime where, you know, my kids are like, oh man, we got every channel and you know, you can think of, you know, or my parents were cheap and how they were like, nope, you know, oh, you want cable, great, get a job. But he did everybody else has it. That's great. We don't be the kid in government, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I remember my dad was growing up. Yeah, I mean he's quite older, so he was born in 54. So remember he said, you know what I used to do back and they used to kick the can down the street and when I got bored I kicked it the other way. It's like trying to do that for a few hours and see what you think of that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That is that's, oh, man, what's up to us? Yeah, it's good. Sorry, my son, uh, his game, he caught himself on a wild pitch and he twisted his finger. So he was asking my medical advice and it's baseball. So tape it up. You're good to go. I wish with fingers there's nothing else you can do. You know, it's not like there's no finger surgery or anything unless, you know, it's really broken. Just tape it. Nice. It and it gets better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's pretty much all you can really do for that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but you know that with wrestlers and stuff that's got, you know, when they break their fingers and such. I have a couple of friends who do the like N. W. A. Stuff where you know it's real small scale not W. W. E. But um they'll do that and then you know break hands fingers and stuff and they make like $15 an hour you know
SPEAKER_R: geez,
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: why?
SPEAKER_L: my backflips on tables and stuff and it's fun to watch. It's great entertainment you know it's I always tell my wife when I because I try to catch raw once you know once in a while and I tell her I said this is the male soap opera you know it has brahma
SPEAKER_R: I kind
SPEAKER_L: has.
SPEAKER_R: of agree with that. That is almost kind of where it's going. That's because Vince McMahon's even said himself, he doesn't own a wrestling business, he owns an entertainment business. So that that's kind of where that gets directed up. Yeah. Even when I was watching as a kid, I mean I love the attitude error. Um I love like the evolution error. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I still have a uh W. C. W. But do you remember the wolf pack for WcW.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I was watching,
SPEAKER_L: Whoa
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: don't think I was watching w
SPEAKER_L: Excuse
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: heard a little bit of WcW,
SPEAKER_L: The N. W. O. Um They just
SPEAKER_R: nash,
SPEAKER_L: go back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: little bit Xbox I think.
SPEAKER_L: Hogan and nash split off so Hogan was Hollywood and nash was wolfpack. I still have a N. W. A wolf pack shirt so my buddy wants to buy it off me. So bad but I just can't part with it. It's 25 years old.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: rather
SPEAKER_R: too. Like
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: another.
SPEAKER_R: I got stuff like sign when I used to meet wrestlers, like I got I got like a belt that has like Mick, foley signature, like Greg valentine.
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: Like I don't think I could sell that stuff. That stuff is priceless because it's such a story behind, it almost becomes more of like a memento than anything really.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well and mankind or Nick Foley is one of the best nicest guys I've ever met. Um
SPEAKER_R: he's really nice from mean from I remember I met him like over a decade ago. Yeah, he was pretty nice from I remember
SPEAKER_L: um the hockey team in town, the Admiral's, they have salute wrestling every year
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: and they bring in like four or five people so like teddy docs come in, Nick Foley All that. And uh foley was one where there was a line of like 300 people and he every single person, he was like hey how you doing? My name is, Nick, nice to meet you with kids, he was rubbing their hair and hey you want to be a wrestler like me and just just a good dude, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I remember when I met him at the borders, I was surprised there wasn't that big of a line for him. Like it was a long time ago, but I feel like there were maybe only like 140 people there. I mean, I know for a fact we didn't wait for more than hour and I've been to some events where we wait for a long time. So yeah, I don't know, they were doing some weird things with the pass is like if you had a certain pass or something, you could kind of cut the line or maybe that's why I was moving along so nicely or something. But um yeah, I just remember then seemed as big for someone that, you know was on his caliber. I was expecting a bigger turnout. Like I remember I tried to go see Batista one year That was so busy. They were, they were like, all right, he's done from this point on, there was probably throwing people behind us and it's like we didn't meet him and neither did they. There are so many people. I mean that that was back when like his breakout 2007 or so, so of course everybody wanted to see him at that point.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Yeah. I think with the one uh salute the wrestling they had, I can't remember who it was, but The line wrapped around the Bradley Center like three times and my wife was like, you want to wait in line for this? I'm like, I would and she's like, that's not happening, make it home. And but I think it was, it wasn't the king like jerry Lawler, It was, it was someone bigger, but it wasn't like Hogan. So it was like somewhere between those two. Like it was maybe kevin Nash or I can't remember off the top of my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: head.
SPEAKER_R: can imagine
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like being pretty big for kevin nash.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it was, it was pretty cool. But um, that's pretty much the only ones I get to see because you know, around here when the fighter forum gets like raw and stuff, the tickets are like 75, Bucks and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They're expensive. Yeah. When I was a kid they were so much cheaper. Like everything's
SPEAKER_L: we'll take care.
SPEAKER_R: which is one up in price like everything is just so expensive nowadays.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well and it used to be, you can get some mid level wrestling. That was pretty neat. Like you know, the, I can't remember the midwest one, but it goes through michigan indiana Wisconsin. Um but they're gone like most of the halls that had them, they're closed and knocked down. So it sucks. I mean those were some good shows though. I mean like I said, my buddies who did it up until you know, now most of them are old like me and have kids and you know, their wives won't let him do it. So you know, that's
SPEAKER_R: I mean it did something
SPEAKER_L: better
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Was that good? Either $15 an hour? Yeah. No,
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: thank you to risk
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: my life and get injured. No.
SPEAKER_L: when the crazy thing is they had no insurance and they were working like because I was working at the grocery store at the time with these guys, you know, they're working for like Penny is doing that and then they were working for You know at the store for like $9 an hour just trying to piece it together. And um but they were doing stuff like falling on tax and hitting each other with chairs and you know and
SPEAKER_R: That's dangerous
SPEAKER_L: thank you
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: and they would say to me, hey you want to try that? No man, you know? And at that point I had kids so like yeah that's not happening, you know just but you know it's just I don't know it's good entertainment but I couldn't even imagine like one of my guys got a concussion and then had to go into work the next day and like I was trying to help him stock the shelf and he's like where the carrots, I'm like dude standing right in front of it like right there. So. But yeah, now you said with surveys, what were the 21 the two again? I'm sorry, I was
SPEAKER_R: I like that literally a lot. I don't know if you've heard
SPEAKER_L: question
SPEAKER_R: of it. Um
SPEAKER_L: no, what do you spell that? It's
SPEAKER_R: The A. L. I. D. A. T. E. L.
SPEAKER_L: operating?
SPEAKER_R: Y. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: I've never heard of that one. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: You do like a screen or test. It's basically like website test and like a lot of it is website testing where they'll pay you $10 paypal for about 10 to 15 minutes of your time. Um Just real simple stuff. You know, if you get in the survey, you'll go over website, you'll give your thoughts out loud to it. You know, simple stuff. I've done a bunch of them and then they have the little live like portion surveys where um The 30 minutes I think for about $40 and then they have um $70 or 16 minutes. I've never gotten in the 16 minute once, but I get in the 30 minute ones all the time I guess. I just got lucky hit in the right demographic. But um yeah, it's just like all those things really got to hit the right demographic, but I've had a lot of good luck with them and I've had a lot of good luck with user interviews. Um I think that both really really good sides definitely were worth a try. Um Especially in your situation, I I definitely think sometimes I've been screwed out of service because of my age. So um you're you're probably, you know, a good demographic for that, you know, mid mid thirties, kids family, they like to talk to people like that. I mean I get in weird studies like I I don't really want to talk about the studies because I've signed like India's but I get the studies,
SPEAKER_L: I get
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't assume that like a gen Z slash millennial would be in. So um yeah, it's just a demographic thing really. But yeah, I like them a lot. Um I like quick thoughts as well, you know if you've ever heard of them, they their
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: mobile
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: phone app. Um I've been using them for maybe a year or two. Um Yeah, I made a decent amount off of them. I made so much off them one year that they actually sent me a tax form because I made like 13 or 1400 off of it. So I had to pay taxes on it. Um yeah, I still use them to this day because they have like $2 surveys. I think it's like five servings a day up to $10. Um Yeah, I just knocked them out during commercials or something because I don't really like commercials all that much. I don't know, it works out for me. It's just like anything again, a routine and you just get you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For me, I'm so new. It's prolific mturk and my sister sent me one that I haven't gotten any of the service yet, but she didn't A couple more like 50 and 60 bucks and now that's
SPEAKER_R: a lot of those
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: out once
SPEAKER_L: then.
SPEAKER_R: you talked to like a moderator, that's where the pay is at. Focus groups. Yeah, all that stuff is where the money's at. Um Yeah, I'd recommend just ask like your kid or something like go and read it. There's a forum called like Bear Money, the list, like every single site you can make enough of, and then
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: go from
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: how I got,
SPEAKER_R: and just kind of pick up what you like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: because I did
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: this,
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: think that's how I got on these sites? You know, I just went from there and said, hey, this sounds cool, it sounds cool, this sounds stupid and you know, just pick and choose, kind of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's actually read it is how I got on prolific. Um I was just bored one day and I was, you know, I bounced around on a couple different things and uh I saw beer money and then it was like, one of the guys was like, mturk sucks and I'm like, yeah, it does kind of suck because you know, they're, you know, salt 30 minutes surveys for 10 cents. And uh one of the guys actually wrote like prolific the way to go there, they're like, I've done pretty good on it, So that's how I signed up and you know, I've only made like $20 because you know, I mean as a father and a husband, you know, your wife sees you playing your phone just like, hey, what are you doing on that? So it's kind of like,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you kind of got to do more in your downtime. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: was in
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: situation, I was doing a lot of it while I was at work, so I'm at work and I'm blowing up prolific
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and I'm
SPEAKER_L: important.
SPEAKER_R: just working on that on the side and you know, just my own business. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: click out the tab when I'm when I'm done and it was nice working, working well for me, I will say, I think prolific um is about one of the best site survey wise, like if you're gonna take service the best, I could not get the cute, so um because I see that all the time people spend more time trying to just get into a survey. Uh that's a big problem. Like swag bucks, like the screen outs on that site is so bad, but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the money
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: slide
SPEAKER_L: came up
SPEAKER_R: boxes,
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: those
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: discover offers, that's where the money is on those because it's get paid to pay a little bit and I hope you can make more than what you paid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, and the rebates are pretty nice to on those because, you know, for sites you're already shopping, it looks
SPEAKER_R: those work
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: good. But,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, for me it's just, you know, I honestly I I signed up, I told my wife I want to buy a couple audio books and I don't, you know, with me not working during the summer, it's like I can't justify spending like 60 bucks on books When you know, I, you know, I have a library of probably 900 books. So you know, it's one of those like, you know, I'll do a couple surveys and such. But
SPEAKER_R: I look at it like that too. Like I'm so liberal with my online money and then like my actual work based money is like I put almost all of that into savings and I'm so
SPEAKER_L: smart.
SPEAKER_R: tight and frugal with that money. But my online money, uh I hate to say not so much like my online money look is playing money is like, you know, I'll put that or whatever because that's how I wanted to be because I mean I think that's what makes me come back to it because you know it it's more fun like hey, I'm buying stuff at us and I mean it's nice anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I appreciate your time. It really is pretty awesome, man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you man. Ah
SPEAKER_L: definitely,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, you have a good night then it's time for to do the survey questions I guess. At the bye.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds good.