Hey, how are you doing?
that's alright. I've done one before. Yeah they're pretty cool,
pretty simple. You know you just say whatever. Really? No right or wrong answers. So where are you located?
Milwaukee.
Oh well I'm in michigan. Yeah.
Uh No I'm not in the other prints. I'm in the lower half. I'm never like the Detroit area.
Yeah. Not really. I've been at the upper peninsula before. Just like cabins really.
Um vacation homes for people. There's really not a whole lot recreational stuff to do out there. Just kind of more of a vacation getaway I guess for people. Mhm.
Yeah it's been kind of rough right? Everybody I talked to people my age, you know it's been rough just sitting at the house and I really whole lot to do.
Yeah it's rough. Not a whole lot on tv. Uh Netflix. A lot of people are on netflix, playing video games, skyping each other. Uh People just keep trying to be busy I guess or something.
Yeah exactly and they've got to move on to something else. Especially if there's a lot of downtime.
that sounds pretty nice. Um So did they cancel the whole school year or something? I know in California they cancelled the school year so you
know teachers
are out
of
luck. There goes.
yeah I've been Aaron that's what they're doing on zoom I think or something. Yeah.
the parents
are saying
it just as much as the kids probably honestly.
I got
an Xbox as
well.
That's nice. Yeah.
Right. Which one's more alert in? All right and you're gonna pick the game each time?
I
love it. Especially right now with there being nothing to do. That thing has been my saving grace throughout this pretty much so it's always kept you know I'm up pretty late obviously because look at the session time so it's definitely been nice to keep me occupied during the late hours where there's like literally nothing else to do. So it's been a good distraction and there's been some decent games on it. I plan pc as well so I got like a lot of different devices to play on. But yeah. Great Council. I love it. Honestly. Always something to do on there. Yeah.
Yeah I had a PS two when I was younger but then sometime after the PS two I just went Xbox all the way and I kind of never really looked back, I played on A PS three before. Um I never played on a P. S. For those so I can't really judge that honestly a lot of the stuff for the PS five spec wise I was pretty impressed by like um yeah I probably wouldn't switch though. I have too much of a dusted interest over on Xbox. Too many games I've bought and you know, I got to see my money's worth out of them. That's what it almost becomes at that point. Like even if I thought about switching, I put all my eggs in that basket over there so I can't really do it. Um Anything really about that I guess. I mean you could get to but Uh huh. I'm not the best option really, money wise.
No.
that's cool.
I played a lot
of halo two back and day one of my favorite original Xbox games, like hands down, so I definitely know what you mean.
He played as a kid. It was a great game. I
probably
should have played those games as a kid, but not
the worst thing a kid could do these days. I've I've seen
kids do way worse things. But there's
a lot of parents out there. There are like my kid will not play video games. You know, they can't be moved on that they're just very stuck in their ways. That video games are bad because you know, we see all these stupid stories of like guy killed his family or something allegedly played halo or something. The media, you know, make something out of it. It's kind of just a big crazy thing really.
I mean
you can't
monitor them noticed. I mean I'm not a parent personally, but I'm only 25 years old, so I'd be a little bit young to be a parent. One of, one of my friends, one of my close friends, he's a parent, he's a little bit older than he is 27 and um, honestly, I just can't imagine being issues and having a kid, he is so busy right now and I see how much harder he has to work. Like it's just uh, no, thank you. Maybe when I'm 35 or something like I got my own life to take care of, I'm not gonna,
they care about.
Yeah. My friend always has that problem. He'll get home from work after working 12 hours, he'll want to
go play xbox or
something or you know, you want to just go relax, watch a movie with his girlfriend and you know, something with the kid, he's got a 10 kid and yeah, it just keeps him so busy. I mean, maybe one day I would like kids, but I can wait on him for sure. Honestly, especially with everything going on right now with Covid. Like I couldn't imagine having a kid right now. This is such a scary time to live in. Honestly. Like I feel bad for all the kids I really do. Like isn't messed up for them. Like the isolation. I mean that's not good for anybody and then
long periods of time is like, geez, I you're going to see a lot of kids probably with social problems at this point come out of this because you got
to have face to face conversations. You can't do this online life.
sure. Yeah, my mom always says that too. Like she's 55 so she's a little bit older than us both. But she always says, Wow, I thought I'd be long dead before anything like this ever happens. She goes out and almost can't even fathom this is a real world wearing the mask. She just never would have guessed something like that. It really is wild. I mean, I look at it all the time. Who would have ever guessed something like this? Really?
Yeah. I can't really remember 9 11 2. I had probably been in elementary school, so it's kind of just more of like a, like a far off memory really?
I don't really remember it
March
13.
Yeah. I was supposed to go to a wrestling event that day. Like I kid you not, I don't know if you watch wrestling at all, but I was going to go to a Smackdown down in downtown Detroit. I was so excited for it. I had like four throw tickets. I got the tickets early.
I got him for a really good price. Um I had time off of work so I was so excited and they're like
Covid,
I just barely missed it because that Wednesday they had a show. So it's just just bad time when I guess. And then from from there down, we pretty much went into full lockdown. Our governor basically, she liked the state fully down and we didn't really get out of that until um maybe halfway through May, halfway through june. It was rough and I was definitely a couple times at the houses like this. This is ridiculous. Like just let us go to a few places like this is like, I mean it's like, come on. You know, we're just normal people here and it's like had to survive. I mean, I was out of work at that time. It was just a whole scary experience honestly. Like uh, is really crazy.
it was crazy.
I thought that too.
I thought this could go for a month or something. I didn't really realize, you know how
serious this would become or something. Because I thought about that other thing that that happened with like the E coli like break and I was that only seems to last month or two tops maybe I didn't proceed. Uh yeah, this looks like they're going like 20, or something. Really
proceeded to last island.
That's
what makes
this
one so scared like people's lives gonna go back to normal.
It is kind of nice how far along technologies come? Because again, you know, who would have seen that coming that you could even do something like that online? So God almost be grateful that something like that even exists in the first place.
People would
have been far
their mind. I would have gotten nuts.
I would have known what to do when the internet's out. Like I'll just take like an Ambien or something, go to sleep. Like it's bad. I'm too addicted.
Great
dialogue.
time.
Oh yeah, for sure. I mean anyone would be so how is prolific been treating you?
I've
never
done.
I'm target it
just looked so over complicated, consulted I looked at it.
Through that.
prolific.
Good.
I use a lot of different survey sites. I mean there was a time where, you know, I was out of work. I didn't have anything so I had to hit this this pretty hard. I mean I had a lot of different platforms around, I don't know if you're familiar with some of them. Like I used like they literally that was really good at me. I was getting a lot of studies. Um I tell people this all the time because they're like how do you get into these studies? You know, I never get into them. It's like, I mean it might sound a little like pretentious a little bit, but it's not supposed to, I mean I'm only 25, but I've been through a lot of like life experiences that people my age is couldn't relate to. Like I almost felt like older than 25. Like I've just gone through so many different things in life that you know, the researchers are kind of looking into. So I kind of benefit in that regard. So yeah, they literally was treating me really good um user interviews treating me really good. I had a lot of studies with that um because I was finding that that's where the money's at doing like those one on one zoom chats with the researcher, that's where the money's at for sure. Um if you can qualify for them. But um yeah, it just became a routine like wake up, you know, fill out a few screeners. I mean I was just sitting on my phone, you know, browsing crap anyway, so you might as well put this to using my friends. I was like, you're so weird, you know, why do you do so many of these studies? You know, you're you don't go on like social media that much, you know, it was doing these studies and like well you know the pain well and you know, I could use the money. Especially these these downtimes.
it gives you something to do. And honestly a lot of the studies are pretty interested, at least what I've seen. Even just, I'm prolific. Like I've gotten a lot of interesting studies like this one for instance, I've done this one twice and uh these have always been really cool, like I remember my last conversation um I talked to some mother um she was down south. Um we had a lot in common, so it was pretty cool that to kind of see like how they ended up matching or so. Um yeah, I was almost thinking with how late this session was. I was thinking pretty late. I how many americans are gonna be on that time? I know prolific worldwide. For most parts, I'm thinking, am I gonna talk to someone from England and I talked to someone from like Germany or something like that, be
pretty interesting. But um yeah, these studies are super cool. You can actually uh in the email so you can actually do these four times. So I plan to toughly take advantage of that do these four times and I think it's pretty easy money. I think it's pretty cool you know it gives me something to do as well. So um yeah basically just like what you said pretty much instead of just sitting there on your bucks, I'm like that too. I just cannot sit there and you know not do anything. I got to do something, I have to be doing something. You know I gotta have my brain working one or another. I can't just sit there idle in like I don't know how people do that either.
that's just a year younger.
my mom
would
know all about that. Yeah. I think I think when she talks about her childhood when she's
saying, you know, you know how good you have it stories or something back when I was a kid, so I wasn't really bothered me about that stuff anymore. She knows I'm pretty mature and you know, doing all right for my age. But yeah, I used to remember hearing those stories. Hey, there's, there's two or three channels on the cable. You don't like them, you know, Too bad. So sad for you. So yeah, it's
just great
to see the variety we got these days.
the practice get used to it.
That
is kind of crazy just imagining that bag.
Yeah. I remember my dad was growing up. Yeah, I mean he's quite older, so he was born in 54. So remember he said, you know what I used to do back and they used to kick the can down the street and when I got bored I kicked it the other way. It's like trying to do that for a few hours and see what you think of that,
Yeah. It's pretty much all you can really do for that. Yeah.
geez,
why?
I kind
of agree with that. That is almost kind of where it's going. That's because Vince McMahon's even said himself, he doesn't own a wrestling business, he owns an entertainment business. So that that's kind of where that gets directed up. Yeah. Even when I was watching as a kid, I mean I love the attitude error. Um I love like the evolution error. Um
I don't think I was watching,
I
don't think I was watching w
I
heard a little bit of WcW,
nash,
little bit Xbox I think.
Yeah, I'm like
that
too. Like
I
I got stuff like sign when I used to meet wrestlers, like I got I got like a belt that has like Mick, foley signature, like Greg valentine.
Like I don't think I could sell that stuff. That stuff is priceless because it's such a story behind, it almost becomes more of like a memento than anything really.
he's really nice from mean from I remember I met him like over a decade ago. Yeah, he was pretty nice from I remember
look.
Yeah, I remember when I met him at the borders, I was surprised there wasn't that big of a line for him. Like it was a long time ago, but I feel like there were maybe only like 140 people there. I mean, I know for a fact we didn't wait for more than hour and I've been to some events where we wait for a long time. So yeah, I don't know, they were doing some weird things with the pass is like if you had a certain pass or something, you could kind of cut the line or maybe that's why I was moving along so nicely or something. But um yeah, I just remember then seemed as big for someone that, you know was on his caliber. I was expecting a bigger turnout. Like I remember I tried to go see Batista one year That was so busy. They were, they were like, all right, he's done from this point on, there was probably throwing people behind us and it's like we didn't meet him and neither did they. There are so many people. I mean that that was back when like his breakout 2007 or so, so of course everybody wanted to see him at that point.
I
can imagine
like being pretty big for kevin nash.
Yeah. They're expensive. Yeah. When I was a kid they were so much cheaper. Like everything's
which is one up in price like everything is just so expensive nowadays.
I mean it did something
Okay. Was that good? Either $15 an hour? Yeah. No,
thank you to risk
my life and get injured. No.
That's dangerous
stuff.
I like that literally a lot. I don't know if you've heard
of it. Um
The A. L. I. D. A. T. E. L.
Y. Yeah. Um
You do like a screen or test. It's basically like website test and like a lot of it is website testing where they'll pay you $10 paypal for about 10 to 15 minutes of your time. Um Just real simple stuff. You know, if you get in the survey, you'll go over website, you'll give your thoughts out loud to it. You know, simple stuff. I've done a bunch of them and then they have the little live like portion surveys where um The 30 minutes I think for about $40 and then they have um $70 or 16 minutes. I've never gotten in the 16 minute once, but I get in the 30 minute ones all the time I guess. I just got lucky hit in the right demographic. But um yeah, it's just like all those things really got to hit the right demographic, but I've had a lot of good luck with them and I've had a lot of good luck with user interviews. Um I think that both really really good sides definitely were worth a try. Um Especially in your situation, I I definitely think sometimes I've been screwed out of service because of my age. So um you're you're probably, you know, a good demographic for that, you know, mid mid thirties, kids family, they like to talk to people like that. I mean I get in weird studies like I I don't really want to talk about the studies because I've signed like India's but I get the studies,
you
wouldn't assume that like a gen Z slash millennial would be in. So um yeah, it's just a demographic thing really. But yeah, I like them a lot. Um I like quick thoughts as well, you know if you've ever heard of them, they their
mobile
phone app. Um I've been using them for maybe a year or two. Um Yeah, I made a decent amount off of them. I made so much off them one year that they actually sent me a tax form because I made like 13 or 1400 off of it. So I had to pay taxes on it. Um yeah, I still use them to this day because they have like $2 surveys. I think it's like five servings a day up to $10. Um Yeah, I just knocked them out during commercials or something because I don't really like commercials all that much. I don't know, it works out for me. It's just like anything again, a routine and you just get you.
a lot of those
one
out once
you talked to like a moderator, that's where the pay is at. Focus groups. Yeah, all that stuff is where the money's at. Um Yeah, I'd recommend just ask like your kid or something like go and read it. There's a forum called like Bear Money, the list, like every single site you can make enough of, and then
you
can
go from
there
and just kind of pick up what you like
because I did
this,
do you
think that's how I got on these sites? You know, I just went from there and said, hey, this sounds cool, it sounds cool, this sounds stupid and you know, just pick and choose, kind of.
yeah, you kind of got to do more in your downtime. Um
I mean, I
was in
situation, I was doing a lot of it while I was at work, so I'm at work and I'm blowing up prolific
and I'm
just working on that on the side and you know, just my own business. Uh
click out the tab when I'm when I'm done and it was nice working, working well for me, I will say, I think prolific um is about one of the best site survey wise, like if you're gonna take service the best, I could not get the cute, so um because I see that all the time people spend more time trying to just get into a survey. Uh that's a big problem. Like swag bucks, like the screen outs on that site is so bad, but
the money
on
slide
boxes,
those
discover offers, that's where the money is on those because it's get paid to pay a little bit and I hope you can make more than what you paid.
those work
out
you.
I look at it like that too. Like I'm so liberal with my online money and then like my actual work based money is like I put almost all of that into savings and I'm so
tight and frugal with that money. But my online money, uh I hate to say not so much like my online money look is playing money is like, you know, I'll put that or whatever because that's how I wanted to be because I mean I think that's what makes me come back to it because you know it it's more fun like hey, I'm buying stuff at us and I mean it's nice anyway.
Yeah, it's
nice to meet you man. Ah
yeah, you have a good night then it's time for to do the survey questions I guess. At the bye.