uh It sucks. Okay. Testing. It looks like it works okay. It does about eight minutes early, so I guess I'm gonna have to wait, but that's okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's good lighting you can see. Mhm. Help. Yeah. Is it raining in Chicago? Okay. Google. Is it raining in Chicago right now? Hello? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. For enough and though it sucks. 16. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. If you have. Mhm. You know me right. I'd rather be earlier than light video chat was paul. No, just in general. I don't think paul's on right now. Um It's through the survey site. I do prolific. So you do a 20 minute survey, 20 minute questions And it's $14. You have to video. We actually have to video chat with someone. Some random stranger. Yeah. But you know what the flip side of it is is, you know, I don't know what Yeah. Nice. Thank you. Yeah, appreciate your confidence profit. Yeah. No calls that out. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now this could very well be a survey that is just are people willing to sign up and actually video chat or is it, how long will this dummy sit there and wait for someone video chat? The answer is as long as they prescribe and the reason why is, you know there Legitimately, you know, even though it's only like 60 cents, it's they're still paying me to do something. Sure. Yeah. I don't want to work. It was the lady. Mhm. But I know that if I jumped on at 10:00 PMclock that the person, if there was a person You know couldn't jump on it like 9:55 and be like he's not here whereas buy me jumping on there. What's going on here? Yeah. Ah This guy put a runner on cause. Yeah. Yeah, ensure that are called theater. What texas city commissioner killed in gun battle with police. Yeah. Uh huh mhm How police are bad. No, but I'm saying what that was was that was like, that's like an alderman getting in a gunfight like oh like shot too. He got it. Said obviously he got shot but he pulled out his gun. Yeah. With the police and sheriff's deputy who responded to a domestic disturbance call at his home. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Apartment is not, this is wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm Okay. The baby. Mhm. Some water. Uh huh. Did you see that the ST louis cardinals are discussing pausing the season made a covid outbreak. Yeah, there was two players yesterday that's why the brewers didn't get a chance to play and then three more staffers today. So ouch honestly I don't fully get like with people like basically the sports teams, but it's like fine if you like, I don't have a mask around your team, but I feel like around your coach or through around like a staffer, it's not like, why doesn't everybody just like wear a mask? That's great. I don't know because like there's people on my cross country team that are like on multiple teams and like we don't have to wear a mask. But like I don't hang out with like everybody. I'm hanging out with like a handful of group. Like still, it's weird. It was safe for like softball. Yeah. I don't know. Like said, I am. Yeah, I can say that with pretty much absolute certainty that um, All right. It's a bad idea. You know, I was concerned with Tobias, his little league. I thought for sure they were going to be more okay, more stringent with their rules. Like they weren't supposed to it and dug out. They did they weren't supposed to get you know together. They did they're not supposed to high five. They did so I don't know. And like they were different from like slightly with like when like a ball got sent out and like audience touched it that like so I don't know. It all feels weird because they could last. Yeah. Mhm. A year trio. Hello?
Not too bad. So I've never done one of these before but uh I guess there's a better way to Better way to spend 25 minutes so.
right.
Uh Milwaukee. So
what's going to? Yeah.
You pr the uh a state of
Okay. Very cool. Um The reason I ask because I have a friend who lives up in the U. P. And he wants to get me up there but there's nothing to do up there.
Yeah.
that's I might do it. There's nothing to do around here. I mean it's pretty much it's like everywhere it's pretty much closed down and lots of tv and lots of movies but
Yeah and it it sucks because you can do things but then you know you see so many people just being just completely reckless so it's it's one of those things it's I don't know uh My son plays baseball so you know that was neat but you know it's one of those situations that it's about it where normally there would be thousands of things to do. Like you know the brewers just got canceled for today and you know I was hoping actually watched that but now the Cardinals came in and canceled the series so. But. Uh huh.
Yeah, I never thought I'd have as many streaming services, like I think at the start of this I had netflix and then prime and then, you know, in the last like three months I've added cbs and yellow because he just gets to the point where you've seen everything.
Yeah, well, and for me I'm a teacher, so this summer is, You know, it's my first summer in 15 years that I've had off and then it's this, so I normally would work a second job or but the first summer, so you know, in like february, I was talking to my wife and we're gonna go to the Dells, we're gonna go to Chicago, we're going to do all this cool stuff,
No,
we did
it
was,
it was the worst of imaginable thing, it was, we went in on friday and they said, pack up your stuff Were most likely going to be out for 2-4 weeks. So I grabbed all my student work so I could bring it home and grade it. And then we came in on that monday, which is a professional development day and they said now we're going to be, you're going to shift online learning starting tomorrow.
yeah. We did either google or google meet or zoom for seven hours, eight hours a day. And you know, you can see the kids, they're playing video games and the parents are like, you know, it was,
you know, I'm
appointment.
Oh yeah, well and the parents were saying, they're like, I don't know how you do it with 30 kids, I have to at home and they're driving me crazy. And you know, it was hard because, you know, I'm a parent myself, so I was helping my own kids while doing lessons, planning, organizing, coordinating and then you know, there's just so much unknown and then you know the quality of work was just, it's different, you know, I mean, I don't know what I would do if I was a kid. You know, I know that you know When I was 16 years old there was zero. I didn't heck I think I had a super Nintendo so you know it was not connected to the internet where as you know my son has an Xbox so he can play
and
I know
that.
But I mean you know the idea of like, hey, I want to learn math or I can play grand theft auto.
Yeah. But you know it's, it's pretty cool. How do you like the expects? My son loves it. I play it once in a while but just don't really get around to it
very much.
I would about four years ago we were deciding between Playstation or Xbox and um I had a playstation in college so I was like well and my son is like no Xbox the way to go.
especially if you stick with one platform you get no more games and all that. Um I played the Xbox at another shows
how old I am sadly. Um we had an original Xbox in our dorm that we had
rigged up and we were playing against people in Sweden and such and we're playing the original halo when it came out and that was such a blast. But you know it was
and
well it was just to leap ahead. Like I remember playing the original grand theft auto where it was like, you know like Mario effectively you had this little car, you stole it And then seeing Grand Theft Auto three and then seeing halo and being like just blown away, you know? Open the world.
that
was
at
now
I
I can say as a parent myself that you know they're going to play it whether you tell them to or not if
long
is going to read.
Well I
will tell you that would be a good, good way to go about it because I'm 37 and I have a 14 year old. So I was 24 when I had my first child and I will tell you the as busy as you think you'll be, it's twice as busy, like, you know, something as simple as you get off work and you're like okay, I'm gonna go home, I got this plan and this plan, this plan and you walk in the door and the kids are like uh project due tomorrow, we gotta run to target and then, you know, your wife will go, you know, hey, I also need this and before you know what your, it's 12 o'clock at night and you're like and do anything that I wanted to do, so
just
what?
No.
Well
no, it's not the same, it's for my own kids just seeing what they missed out. Like my daughter is a freshman, she missed out of this mothballs. She missed out on a cross country and it's just just like you said, I mean, you know, as kids just hanging out playing, you know, there's there's a value in playing video games with each other, you know with the exception of course of the throne remote or you know, hey uh Yeah. But yeah, it's I don't know, I think in 20 years will reflect upon a time like this and just look back and go and how do we get through it, number one? Which I wish I knew the answer to now. Right?
Yeah. I think you're spot on my parents. My dad's 57. And he actually said the same thing. He was like, you know, if you'd have said to me a year ago, what would summer look like? I would've never guessed another guest. It's But you know, maybe in 20 years, this is maybe our flash bulb moment. Like, you know, for me, the only one I can think of that Maybe even relatively close was 911. Remember that's one where I remember exactly where I was on that day. And then you know, other than that, I don't think there has been one since.
hmm.
Yeah. Yeah. For me it was my very first week of college, uh, scariest thing. I was doing a photo copies and the secretary runs in and says we're under attack. And I'm like What? Because I went to a small college in the center of the state. So there's like 10,000 people on it. So there's you know, I'm not the heck you talking which turns on the news and just what in the world. So my roommate and I um went back to our dorms and watch it on tv. And just But I mean that's pretty much how March 13 was for this, you know, because it felt like a normal
day
like
man,
come
on.
yeah. For me uh what's interesting is I was I was uh wrestling coach and we had a conference on that saturday, so just it was just surreal like, you know, and then it will be
ambiguity of it. Like I thought it would last about 23 weeks, we're going to be back in school finish off
one.
No,
it's
it's I remember swine flu that happened about All right, 10 years ago, 12 years ago. And you know, it just like you said last about two months he was gone, you know, and
that's
what
I thought.
Yeah, I don't know. And I know as a teaching team we were talking on Skype or so that's my, excuse me google meet and we were talking about this the last whatever the last snow day was which I think was two years ago is probably the last note they will ever have, you will never have one again because they now know that in a moment's notice they can get us to do online, they can get the kids to so I was that's not my wife, I said you know the days of waking up and seeing snow and being happy about it. God good.
Well it just imagined, I mean jeez if this would have happened when I was in high school we had A O. L. Broad
man.
But
man.
Yeah, well the same same way I gosh, I couldn't even imagine like just Yeah, because I mean for me that you know high school is about 20 years ago now and uh yeah, I think I had a playstation. The library is would have been closed. So there was nothing internet.
Well my parents were cheapest house so we had like
come on I think we have dial up up until I got to uh Maybe 9th grade at 9th grade, we got broadband, but before that it was dial up and you know kids will never understand what that was like. You were like chatting with someone through instant messenger which was by far the coolest texting is cool but instant messenger was so awesome like pop on leave a message and stuff. But you know you the best one I remember is I was talking to this girl online from high school you know had a message, my sister gets a call, knocks me off, I couldn't connect with their for like four days. Finally because it was during summer all of a sudden, you know, school starts and I catch back and she's like, yeah, I was trying to get a hold of you and I just gave up on you. Like really sad,
Michael, so thankfully that you know, that was a girl that I'm glad I never ended up with because but you know, I was upset in the time. I can tell you that.
Not bad. I did a little mechanical work for, you know, a little bit and
it
was
just
still
Well, and it it doesn't pay anything like you do it 20 minutes survey. It's like nine cents. And then that wouldn't bother me because
like, like during summer I don't care because you know, a couple, you know, I looked at it like, you know by a couple of books, but you know, then a couple of times like I did the survey and I get rejected and I was like, the hell is this like, you know, it was nine cents and I did the best I could and I didn't get anything. So No, I I like prolific. It's pretty solid.
I mean especially
what?
Yeah. That's exactly what I was thinking. Like, you know, during the school year, stupidly busy. So it's it's hard, but during summer I'm like, I'm making nothing and I'm sitting on my butt like that, that's not how I work, you know?
Something.
I'll never understand. It's no, it's just especially with regards to, you know, like right now at night like I knew my, you know, my kids, they would just be playing video game stuff. My wife usually, you know, she goes to bed early so I was like 10 o'clock. And actually what's funny is when I got on, I I got on at 10, I'm like, well I guess I'm not gonna see anybody, so, but you know, it's been really cool, you know, it's it's been a a really great experience and It's fun to just, I work with a lot of young people. Like, you know, like I remember starting as a teacher and being 24 and I thought, you know, because my
parents, Yeah, well and my parents were there only 20 years older than me. So, you know, at that time my dad was in his forties, so I had teachers that were in their forties and going, oh my God, you could be my kid and now I was working with one of our new teachers and I was showing her you know how to do our lesson plans and everything and she's like you did you graduate high school? And I told her she's like, oh my God, I was in kindergarten, I'm like, oh my God, I'm an old teacher now, what happened? So, but it's just a time goes so fast, like one minute you're 25 and you're, you know, just finishing college or or in the workforce and such and then you blank in your like christ, my daughter is almost in college and then, you know, I talked to my dad and my dad's like, you know, it wasn't that long ago you were this big and so it's, it's amazing times we live in though, you know, just stuff like this with technology is just phenomenal, you know. I know. No, just something as simple as baseball when I was a kid, whatever was on tv was all you could watch now. I mean,
you
know,
No.
Well
even,
yeah. Well even just commercials, you know, the idea of being able to pause as a kid, I couldn't do it. Like my kids would go like, why do you get up on commercial so fast? Heck, when I was kid, if you missed,
oh man, if you, if you got up during the middle of the show, you didn't see it. It wasn't coming out until reruns came out a year later. So like, yeah, I mean
it was awful,
And that's, I mean that's in my lifetime where, you know, my kids are like, oh man, we got every channel and you know, you can think of, you know, or my parents were cheap and how they were like, nope, you know, oh, you want cable, great, get a job. But he did everybody else has it. That's great. We don't be the kid in government, so.
Yeah. That is that's, oh, man, what's up to us? Yeah, it's good. Sorry, my son, uh, his game, he caught himself on a wild pitch and he twisted his finger. So he was asking my medical advice and it's baseball. So tape it up. You're good to go. I wish with fingers there's nothing else you can do. You know, it's not like there's no finger surgery or anything unless, you know, it's really broken. Just tape it. Nice. It and it gets better.
but you know that with wrestlers and stuff that's got, you know, when they break their fingers and such. I have a couple of friends who do the like N. W. A. Stuff where you know it's real small scale not W. W. E. But um they'll do that and then you know break hands fingers and stuff and they make like $15 an hour you know
doing
my backflips on tables and stuff and it's fun to watch. It's great entertainment you know it's I always tell my wife when I because I try to catch raw once you know once in a while and I tell her I said this is the male soap opera you know it has brahma
has.
Oh yeah I still have a uh W. C. W. But do you remember the wolf pack for WcW.
Whoa
man.
Excuse
me.
The N. W. O. Um They just
go back. Yeah.
Hogan and nash split off so Hogan was Hollywood and nash was wolfpack. I still have a N. W. A wolf pack shirt so my buddy wants to buy it off me. So bad but I just can't part with it. It's 25 years old.
It's
rather
than
another.
man.
Yeah. Well and mankind or Nick Foley is one of the best nicest guys I've ever met. Um
um the hockey team in town, the Admiral's, they have salute wrestling every year
and they bring in like four or five people so like teddy docs come in, Nick Foley All that. And uh foley was one where there was a line of like 300 people and he every single person, he was like hey how you doing? My name is, Nick, nice to meet you with kids, he was rubbing their hair and hey you want to be a wrestler like me and just just a good dude, you know?
sure. Yeah. I think with the one uh salute the wrestling they had, I can't remember who it was, but The line wrapped around the Bradley Center like three times and my wife was like, you want to wait in line for this? I'm like, I would and she's like, that's not happening, make it home. And but I think it was, it wasn't the king like jerry Lawler, It was, it was someone bigger, but it wasn't like Hogan. So it was like somewhere between those two. Like it was maybe kevin Nash or I can't remember off the top of my
head.
But
yeah, it was, it was pretty cool. But um, that's pretty much the only ones I get to see because you know, around here when the fighter forum gets like raw and stuff, the tickets are like 75, Bucks and
we'll take care.
Yeah. Well and it used to be, you can get some mid level wrestling. That was pretty neat. Like you know, the, I can't remember the midwest one, but it goes through michigan indiana Wisconsin. Um but they're gone like most of the halls that had them, they're closed and knocked down. So it sucks. I mean those were some good shows though. I mean like I said, my buddies who did it up until you know, now most of them are old like me and have kids and you know, their wives won't let him do it. So you know, that's
better
now.
It's
when the crazy thing is they had no insurance and they were working like because I was working at the grocery store at the time with these guys, you know, they're working for like Penny is doing that and then they were working for You know at the store for like $9 an hour just trying to piece it together. And um but they were doing stuff like falling on tax and hitting each other with chairs and you know and
thank you
and they would say to me, hey you want to try that? No man, you know? And at that point I had kids so like yeah that's not happening, you know just but you know it's just I don't know it's good entertainment but I couldn't even imagine like one of my guys got a concussion and then had to go into work the next day and like I was trying to help him stock the shelf and he's like where the carrots, I'm like dude standing right in front of it like right there. So. But yeah, now you said with surveys, what were the 21 the two again? I'm sorry, I was
question
no, what do you spell that? It's
operating?
I've never heard of that one. Mhm.
I get
it.
No,
I
Yeah. For me, I'm so new. It's prolific mturk and my sister sent me one that I haven't gotten any of the service yet, but she didn't A couple more like 50 and 60 bucks and now that's
that's
good
then.
no,
that's
actually
that's
how I got,
that's
how
I got
to.
Yeah, that's actually read it is how I got on prolific. Um I was just bored one day and I was, you know, I bounced around on a couple different things and uh I saw beer money and then it was like, one of the guys was like, mturk sucks and I'm like, yeah, it does kind of suck because you know, they're, you know, salt 30 minutes surveys for 10 cents. And uh one of the guys actually wrote like prolific the way to go there, they're like, I've done pretty good on it, So that's how I signed up and you know, I've only made like $20 because you know, I mean as a father and a husband, you know, your wife sees you playing your phone just like, hey, what are you doing on that? So it's kind of like,
Yeah,
but
I mean
it's
important.
Okay.
I
I
just
came up
to
me.
Yeah. Well, and the rebates are pretty nice to on those because, you know, for sites you're already shopping, it looks
pretty
good. But,
but yeah, for me it's just, you know, I honestly I I signed up, I told my wife I want to buy a couple audio books and I don't, you know, with me not working during the summer, it's like I can't justify spending like 60 bucks on books When you know, I, you know, I have a library of probably 900 books. So you know, it's one of those like, you know, I'll do a couple surveys and such. But
smart.
Yeah. Well, I appreciate your time. It really is pretty awesome, man.
So
definitely,
that sounds good.