going?
Hi,
how are you?
Hello,
I can just
see your
chin.
There
you are. Hi.
My name is Mikaela, what's your name?
Lorenzo, Nice to meet you.
Okay. I like your pretty plant and wind chime. Those are nice.
Your plans and your one time
patients, I like in patients.
I feel you dude, I
feel
you.
I'm so sorry. I know it's, it's just, it's really, I don't even know the word for what, what's going on in the world right now.
What did you, what work were you doing?
and there, I like it got the best fries, the string string, string fries, some shiny scott, so good, so good. I got craving for that Are
taking like 25 minutes away and I'll drive over there just for some fries and some cheese dip uh huh
they are they are where do you live?
I'm in Henderson Kentucky.
I am,
Why?
quite
Oh is it? I've been doing I've been with prolific for um that's over a year now
and I really enjoyed it, I enjoyed doing the research studies. Yeah it makes me um I feel like I'm contributing, I like it.
No
no
kidding, yeah I'm very curious about why they ask those questions you know I can because some of the studies tell you the purpose and then some don't and it's just it's very intriguing for sure.
Um It's I mean it's not obviously you know it's not anything to live on here, you see it but
I I like it um I think in the year that I've been doing it um
I made a decent amount yeah and I check it probably every day and jump on when I can and it's just it's nice when you get hit the fight or the £5 like converting it to american money because it's like oh I've got £5 and then convert it you're like no I actually have $6 or something else like oh it feels a little bit more
playing but yeah I'm very interested in psychology and research so um just being a part of it is interesting to me for sure And I guess on this one they were going to give us something to talk
about what we're just supposed to talk.
So
it looks like we're just talking about 25 minutes what you wanna talk about.
No it said from what I understood they were either going to give us a topic or we just had to talk. So it looks like you and I are. Yeah it looks like we're stuck topic list. We just have to talk.
Well I've got I've got the camera on my or the time on my um computer. So let's see. I guess we talked till 3 20 or no, 4 20 would go would be um
25 minutes I guess. Yeah.
Six minutes. Oh wait no. Yes, I'm terrible at math. Are you good at math?
I know.
3:45 for 25 minutes. is
what time?
Oh yeah, you're on Eastern time, aren't you? Okay, I'm on central or in different time zones. Mhm.
What you mentioned on?
Oh that's nice.
No. You enjoy it. Eat your sandwich. Nobody deal at all. No
points in their hungry.
No eat it. I don't care at all enjoy. So are you, what have you been doing now that you've been off of work? Just hanging out at home?
I know.
What?
No shit.
I no kidding,
sorry.
Speculate which
is everyone
in
your family healthy and all your friends and family healthy?
Good everyone here is nothing. Um
As far
yeah my family and friends. Absolutely.
I don't actually, I'm with my husband, my kids. Yeah. Two
little monkeys. Uh huh.
well we've been home, we go outside, we play in the backyard and in the neighborhood because we can't stay inside the four of us in this house already has been like, so we definitely have to get some fresh air. Absolutely. And plus um you know, we're trying to build our immunity by getting fresh air and sunshine and water and nutrients and you know going back to basics on staying healthy for sure.
So
absolutely. Beach is not done yet.
No kidding. I would be so nice to go look at the ocean. I mean how wonderful to live somewhere that it was just like, hey, I'm gonna go look at the ocean today. No big deal. Amazing.
absolutely. And there's just something about putting your feet in the sand that just kind of takes you away.
It does.
Yeah.
I
watched,
I watched Shark Week um and they, they did a thing and they had been tracking this shark named Bruce and he was like hanging out with the researchers that were um studying him and just really didn't, he was a great white too. And he didn't seem to have any kind of issue with him because it's like you got to know him. And so they were studying his personality and saying that really sharks aren't very deadly because they don't eat very often. So when they do eat, they eat big and that's why we are under the impression that they're completely deadly. I was like, I don't really want to get an ocean and like wonder like, huh? I wonder if that guy's eating lately. Mhm.
He's not interested. Yeah.
I mean from when I was watching this thing, it was basically saying like every shark had different personalities because they had studied several of them. And then there was one guy um
a guy, 11 shark that was very much a bully and he had like scars all over his um is about his body. And you could tell he'd been in a lot of fights. And then they had, then there was another one that was very um like maternal was kind of take care of other ones. And then Bruce who was just like everybody's friends. So they were showing that like sharks had personalities like humans, which I thought was very interesting.
Oh yeah. What's the name?
Shadow? That's fine. What
kind
of puppy? Oh, look how cute. That's so fun. High shadow. What do you know bud? Uh huh. Uh huh. Thank you. Uh So I gotta ask you on a scale of 1-10, 1 being not at all in 10 being very much. How scared are you? That
of Corona?
That
Jeff
I don't think that
fear
is the way to go with this. Honestly,
I think that's the opposite of what we should do. I think we should be smart and take precautions and take care of ourselves. But I think living afraid
is I don't, I don't want to live afraid. I know that.
I'm with you. That's why um, I'm not interested in the vaccine because I don't have enough information to put a shot in my body.
No, no, thank you. No, thank you. Like I
need a little bit more information before I'm going to get shot up with something.
Because really like with any other vaccine, you know with like measles mumps and rebellion like it takes a very, very long time to develop that. And I mean this just this just happened. And now also we have a vaccine that's just a little too fast.
Are
they the Yeah,
that's
my
question. I just don't have enough facts. I'm not saying that you're wrong. I'm just saying I don't have an effect. Take a shot. That's all that's all.
A lot of people are losing money off of it to look at your situation.
Yeah. And so I mean that's people make money. People losing money. Like this is a virus. Why is that even in play?
Have you been able to check the website?
huh. Um we there are information was wrong on there but we were able to fix it and then um after we fix it we got the check about a week later
you go to Irs dot Gov
and and you enter in your information to get up and get to your area and then it will say on there if there's yeah I think it shows your information and then if it's wrong like our our account, our bank account that we had it going into is closed so our information was wrong there so we switched that and then about a week later it came through so you can check IRS
dot gov and see make sure
that everything,
anything that's wrong, you can fix it without having to talk to somebody else about it.
Absolutely you should and hopefully you won't have any issues because that I mean with you not working like you're gonna you need something like that's you know that's not okay.
Yeah check I. R. S dot gov and um see if you can kind of navigate that you can navigate prolific. I'm sure you can navigate Rs dot gov for sure.
maybe yeah try it on your
computer and see if that will help you. Hopefully that will cause that's not good to be in that kind of situation for sure
but
mhm. We got
hard
but it went to mortgage and bills bills, bills, bills, bills, bills back.
Well
we had friends
and uh that got it um
a few weeks before us so we were like that way too were like how come you're getting it? We're not and then we were
able to get it so it's
coming for you. It's coming or sure.
Mm.
Yeah we were S. S and we got it last week so you're probably up you're coming up for sure. The witcher, what's your favorite color?
My continue
I do.
Absolutely,
I love
it, it's my favorite.
Yeah and it's um like I think I purple to me kind of a it's a happy energy, it feels um it kind of feels spiritual to me in a sense
Yeah, it's like I'm interested in like astrology and chakras and energy fields and all that, you know kind of stuff. And purple is your your aura color for your crown chakra which is the one that connects you to your spiritual divine side and the great spirit or God or however your beliefs are. But um I don't know, I've just always I've always loved it, I've always been my purple, I got a purple tapestry right there, hanging up.
yeah that things um I was trying to tie dye it and I ended up buying the material of the only kind that you can't bleach. I didn't know there was a material you couldn't bleach but I found it mhm. So I had
I got up and I soak that in bleach
and it took me I had to soak it for two
days,
it didn't break. Uh huh.
I think it's sad
was
there is
there more
there's more there's more to the situation than um it's unfortunate passing.
Yeah, I haven't
I haven't followed um I haven't really followed up on it. What what's the new news?
Really? I didn't haven't heard that,
No,
I
mean
honestly I I wouldn't put it past that, I think that there's all kinds of things that we could be happening that we don't know about. 100%. There's
of there's
a lot of
times
that the piece
has done all fit together. And I think it's very important to notice that and be aware and question it. You know, even if you don't have answers,
I think asking questions is really important. Being aware.
I know
that's the thing. It's like you don't it may not have the answers, but just the fact, knowing that it doesn't make sense, I think is enough. You know, just questioning it. I think, I think right now in the world were being led to question can stand up and realize that we may be under a bunch of fog ourselves.
I agree.
Absolutely.
Actually,
I think they're already doing it. I think they're already doing it.
I think
it's happening right now and we, the biggest thing we have to do is maybe we don't have answers, but we have to say, well, hold on, that doesn't make sense. That. What are you saying that? And then you're saying that like uh you're not gonna mind bump me, you know? No.
Well, that's the thing with the vaccine. I'm just like, I'm not gonna just get in line to go take some shot. Like I don't know what y'all are doing and I'm not putting anything in my body. Like, I don't know what you're doing.
I'm not getting in line. No,
me too.
I think that's
smart.
I think that's smart. I'm I prefer natural fixes
to. Sometimes
your headache, all you need is a glass of water. You're dehydrated the end.
And sometimes the natural remedies are my go to. I like I like things that grow on the earth.
I feel like everything we need is here on mother. It doesn't need to
be made.
How was that?
Yeah, that's fine. Well if you're with somebody you love and enjoy, you know that's all you need.
That's awesome. I love to camp. I love popping up a tent.
Nothing like waking
up
having
this fresh air and going to sleep under the stars. I feel so good.
No, it just makes you it
makes you feel very small but yet also very connected to something bigger. I like it. I agree.
Yeah. Absolutely. What's important and what you need to appreciate and then really you don't need all the stuff that you think you need at all.
Absolutely.
You should be taught in school. I mean you should be should be taught in school. I should well and plus like when you're going to camp and stuff and you got like limited water, you know, you don't when you're brushing your teeth or you know, getting something, getting
some water
to drink, you're not pouring it out, you're like, oh, you know, you're serving it and using all of it instead of just wasting it. Because you realize like this is all I have and you know, we we turn on the sink and it just pours out so we don't realize that there could be, you know, an end to it. But it's like when you got a jug, you know, sure.
I agree. Great. Oh
well it's happy cinco de mayo Taco Tuesday, our mexican
beer, corona is stopping us from celebrating.
Uh I gotta get some today. I'm craving some tacos and some cheese dip.
See so I guess
three And
I was at four. It's after 25 minutes we're supposed to click back over, is that right?
Yeah. I think what we do is we definitely don't close this window. I read that several times. Don't close the sport.
But
is
your
you have your window up that says online
survey software?
Okay push escape.
That
you can't see your you can't see your internet bar or you put in the address.
Okay. Is there one is there a tab next to it? Would you see your prolific tab or your online soft survey software?
Not another one though.
Yeah. I think that we are just supposed to click on that and go back to that survey but not close this one. Just go over and just push that one and then go from there. I think
no unless you push the X. It'll stay open. It'll just open that up. Just like those are sitting there open right now. If you click on it early this one open. So um I'm pretty sure that's what we're supposed to do. So
it was very very nice
talking to you. That was very easy conversation that 25 minutes went by fast.
thank
you.
You are to thank you very much
and you say you guys stay well and take care of your girlfriend and your doggy
and keep questioning
man keep questioning.
Yeah absolutely. Absolutely. You take care of Lorenzo and just click over and we should be good to go. Bye bye bye bye.
I think I can still hear you so I think you're on there. No no that's good. Um Do you see the little arrow down at the bottom? Do you see the little arrow down
at
the bottom of your that survey?
yeah you're doing yeah just keep feeling that
and you're good to go.
Oh, you changed my mood. I went from feeling kind of grumpy to feeling better. Thank you.
Well, I'm glad I got you because that was I didn't know either things we do for some dollars. Huh? Sometimes we get lucky
and find good souls. I'm glad I found your good soul.
Absolutely. It's good to know that there's more of us out there. Yeah. Uh Still taking us through? Well, I think yeah. Rule,
I guess we're just like business.
I
know it's interesting.
All right. Let's see. Yeah.
I'm assuming we have the same ones that is talking about whether or not you liked me. Yeah, I did. Oh
anna.
I'm
giving you some too. But for sure you're up on my mood completely changed. I really I wasn't a funky mood before I got on here and I feel much better. I appreciate that.
Me
too.
you
got
one buddy. You absolutely got one.
Absolutely. I bet you're really good at being
a manager to with your personality.
Yeah, but you're good for sure.
It
you
can do it man. If you can dream
it, you can achieve it. I promise
you can do it.
You can
you should
why not just go, you got it, You can do it. Just believe in yourself. That's
all it takes honestly. And when people knock you down just get back up.
That's
what
I'm saying to him, like how many I got here like yeah, he was great. I like him. What's up
now? I have to say to see what you think of me. Okay, I don't know.
I'm giving you got extremely as you got a bunch of positives up in here. For sure.
Absolutely,
yeah, you're getting all a pluses.
Okay, now I'm in the writing part. Mhm uh
okay, here we go.
Mhm Let's say count the letters for you have to do that.
Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh Yeah. Material
piper. Yeah.
Well I am.
Not right. Well either. So it's kind of, I don't know if they want 50 of my words,
I'm only 35 of them stuck. Mm.
Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Oh my gosh, I'm at 49 and I finished, are you kidding me? Yeah. Okay,
Okay. Mhm,
Mhm,
Yeah. Okay, wow.
Woo. Now under the next one
I know. Right um Mhm Yeah. Mhm
Uh huh,
mm hmm. Mhm.
Yeah. What? Mm hmm. Mhm
Mhm
Uh huh
Oh.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Right on the dot,
right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay,
I mean, well, one question is like, what didn't work well and I don't feel like I have anything. I don't have 50 sentences of what didn't work well. Everything worked well to me.
We're gonna have 15 things and nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. I know how to answer that.
I'm
like, I don't have anything to talk about. Like nothing went wrong. I didn't feel anything. I feel like anything went wrong. We got to see a really cute doggy and in patients, it's great. Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Since I am typing now to make letters, I'm prepping now to get to Kathy. I did it. I got right to sit beyond that. Uh huh.
I know. I'm, I'm the right 50 F. I F. T. Y. There we go.
Mhm. Uh huh, mm hmm. Oh. Mhm. Cool. More than halfway done. Okay.
okay.
Mhm,
Already finished completely. What?
Yeah, you're right. I'd like to talk about questions
before you. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh.
Yeah. Mhm. Uh
Yeah. Yes. Restoration. Mhm. Mhm. Two. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah.
Um Okay.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm. Okay.
Yeah.
But mhm,
mm. Mhm
Oh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh. Cool. Mhm.
I think I'm done.
Thanks.
So
All
right. We'll
buy.
Yeah, I just finished that and now it's just asking me about myself. So I think I'm done. Well. It was so good to talk to you and you take care, man.
Absolutely.
I will. And you can
you accomplish those dreams? You can do it.
That's
all it takes is trying harder.
Still do it. Just don't let anybody knock you down. All right,
bye bye.
Yeah, I'm right. Is ignored. Even if you were joking. Oh yeah, that's what I mean. I don't like I mean I'm not Yeah. Mhm. One point close model. All right. Yeah. What about? Mhm.
Mhm. I'm not able to submit it for some reason. Uh huh. House again. Okay. Oh, I mean, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. There's something oh well, I'm having trouble is I can't submit it in submission.
It won't let me um submit my survey.
Yeah. This isn't awesome. Let's see. Hm Whoops bag. I don't know what's going on.
It says I've already completed the survey or my session has expired, but it hasn't. I know. Well, I have my little code so I guess I'll just send in a um, nope.
Yeah, that's that. I clicked on that and now that's where I'm at, submission fails. That said click on link and I clicked on that and um it's not doing and I did the say I've copied that thing too and tried that either way, that didn't work either. So I guess I'm just gonna go to prolific and tell them that's one thing I know you're new to prolific, but anytime you message them about any kind of issue there really awesome about helping. It's not on here. Okay. I'm just gonna try. Yeah,
years worked. Okay. Maybe if yours works
man will go
through.
All
Makayla. Yeah, like Ella.
bye bye. I'm glad yours went through. Have to figure out mine.
Bye bye.
Mm. What? What? Uh huh. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Are your pain to school? Yeah. Uh huh.
I'm emailing with them because um I can't submit it.
That's
what I'm saying to.
Yeah. That's what I'll
tell him that you're having that problem too. I'll tell them that you are too. Yeah.
They Yeah,
it's still open, wow.
What?
Mhm. Her film? Okay. Look. Yeah.
Speaking at a cough. Mhm. Okay. It says that I've completed the um survey and I'm all set. I'll make sure that you are too okay. And then if you let me know then we should be just good to go.
Why
does
message them? And um and he said thanks for checking in. I just checked your records. I can see you finished the survey and completed your set. Don't worry about the error the instruction mentioned and not click on click here. Uh bob a lot. I don't know. We've got you covered. And the bonus should go out later today. So that's my that's my partner as well. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Everyone? Mhm. I have.
Okay. I think you're all good. You don't have to click on here since you're already on the society, so I think you're good. Okay.
And
we'll wait for him to everything.
yeah, that's what I've done.
And you tell
me
your mom. Good. So if you just
All
perfect.
Take care.
bye bye.