All
Yeah. 1 2nd
County. My
Yeah, the same thing. Okay, I can hear you now.
So hi,
nice to meet you. What's your name?
Andy biz. Nice to meet you.
like the icy, it's short
for this man. But yeah, people call me biz
Thank you. Uh So I'm in Davis California. Yeah, but like originally from sacramento California. What about you?
Arizona? Okay, that's cool. It's really hot there though.
France.
no.
Yeah, it's I think it's like high 90s here, but I can't even imagine
being in the hundreds right now. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. How's
your David?
No.
That's cool. I haven't got
one of those. Yeah, it's worth
the investment.
Yeah, definitely. No, I it's probably really nice being able to just talk and it listens to you
and we're convenient.
Yeah. Yes, I did. Yeah, I signed up for something before, but it like I think I just didn't work my schedule. So today I actually had free time.
Yeah, it's great. I could just be at home and you know, make some money
but.
it's high.
Yeah, I definitely agree. I discovered this. I have read it I think maybe like 23 months ago
possibly. Yeah, I was I was looking up like survey apps or whatever and I downloaded like a couple but they're kind of shitty honestly. And then I was just on Reddit one day and people are like going prolific, like
it's really easy and you know.
No,
you're
good.
I'd
love some recommendations because yeah, I'm not working much anymore either so it sucks.
Mhm.
So it wasn't and then they just redid some closures, like gyms and nail salons, barbershops, things like that. Um But it's still not like really bad where I'm at like
sacramento
like this region. I feel like it's worse than like Los Angeles. It's more people. So.
no, I'm sorry. That's terrible. This whole year
has
just
been
crazy.
Do you?
Nobody
believes
you.
that is true. I mean
let's
see how long it will take for a vaccine to come up, but
yeah, taking precautions for sure.
Yeah, definitely. I had some travel plans and it's, they got cancelled for sure. Yeah,
I'm just saying
source.
I'm sorry about that. That's
it's
terrible to hear.
that is well, what do you do for work
or
did?
Makes
sense.
That's really cool though, being a chef is
hard to get into honestly
that's
So like what's your what are your
bean dishes that you cook your like your best
dishes
or?
I really
want
to visit new Orleans.
Yes.
Yeah. I love sushi.
That's of course.
Just
I think I've I've made sushi once.
Not the best
but
it was
yeah we had one of those um roller things that you roll the sushi racing and all that. But
that's really
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a state order. We all have to wear one and um yeah I mean I I doesn't bother me much.
Like
obviously it sucks people that have to work and where a lot of hours in the day and all that.
But I mean uh
True.
Oh it's fun.
Thank
you.
Yeah. That's hilarious.
Yeah. Yeah. People are like uh
that's
that's cool
though.
That is true. Yeah, definitely. I bought a usable one recently and had did not use the medical ones anymore because it was getting too
hard
to
buy. Yeah, they're expensive.
I'll get some free ones from friends and all that, but like I just reusable ones are the way to go. Yeah.
Yeah, that is definitely. Mhm. That's cool though. I mean,
gotta have fun with it.
Yeah, that is true. It has an unexpected for sure. Or you said that you uh realized it was real pretty early, Huh?
Sorry?
Mhm, definitely. Yeah. I feel like in december like I was when everything was happening in china and all that, I definitely was keeping up with it
and I still didn't think that it would be to this extent, but it's weird that you're just passed by for sure.
that too. Yeah.
Hey,
clearly.
like do you think it's like a biological weapon or?
Two
Yeah. No, I'm
into
conspiracy
theories sometimes, but honestly who the heck knows? I don't trust
our government so never
Yeah. Yeah. No saying he's just, he's another level of not trusting. But yeah, I don't know. It's weird man. I'm looking at the history of things that I mean like spanish flu and all that. Like it isn't an irregularity in something happening like this, but it's just weird because like it's the most advanced we've been. So like all our, I was reading something or watching something like joe Rogan or something like that of how we kind of created the pathways of the virus because of like the urbanization and everything but
This
is
think it's a good change honestly because
you don't need to be standing at coast fuel anyways.
Yeah. People stand
to post as it is, so if
it helps
us feed more sanitary then yeah,
it's good. But yes.
So like in terms of how close down it is over there, um like how does it look like? Because he said you've just kind of been inside and stuff, right?
I have questions.
First
Still
and
sometimes.
sir.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. That makes sense. Yeah. Here to like everyone's doing outdoor dining, like they've closed down um streets to allow for that, but no one's really doing indoor stuff and like I guess some shops are open and all that, but everyone
is just like, you know, taking all the
precautions
so is
where it
really sucks for businesses that are closing down. It's so sad.
Yeah, that's that's true that stuff helps. I've been making my grocery store trips and all that but it's nothing less than before. I feel like trying to like stack up like 23 weeks and then
go like maybe want to try some months.
That's
so sweet.
Yeah. Yeah that's true. Less people to
deal with and all that. Sorry I'm gonna head to the real quick.
But
yeah, it's an interesting time that's for
sure. I mean
you
want
to make the most of it.
Yeah, definitely. I agree. What, what do you
mean by that? Yeah,
I just
mentioned.
Yeah, that is true. I mean our response like America could have been quicker. But yeah,
it's interesting
to
see.
Yeah, honestly it's just like the test scene is what really got to me that why we couldn't have allowed for that sooner. Like I think that would have helped a lot, but Uh huh Yeah,
it is
what
it is,
where
we
are.
I'm sorry about that but I mean hopefully
that you're staying safe and everything, it seems like you are honestly little that but yeah,
as much as you can.
That's
true.
Yeah. To keep you inside. Yeah, it's, I definitely been a very hot area as well but I've been trying to like do some hiking, obviously social distancing and everything but exploring the great outdoors for once.
Flat.
makes sense. I drove through
there
recently, not phoenix Arizona to go to Utah and it was, it was so beautiful like just to drive itself. I can't imagine like the hiking spots there. I went to Zion National Park
in Utah and that was really great too. But
Really? I heard Arizona was spiking up with covid cases a lot because he over opening clubs and stuff
complicated.
It's a lot of carelessness and like, I feel
like it's just like people don't care if it doesn't involve them or someone that they know. So I don't think it's real,
but
it looks
like,
that is true.
Yes. Yeah. I definitely like run my grandma and stuff. I try to like not see her
or like not even close to her and it's just, it's just crazy. But I mean hopefully a vaccine gets developed soon. That's like my optimism
is kind of trying to find
some sort
of light. Mhm.
That's
what we're
going
to enforce it.
My
choice.
Mhm.
But he can't do that. It's just
some political
science. Like I measured
in that undergrad. Yeah, going to law school like now. But I feel, you know, I like have no faith in the government anymore and all that and like he's definitely done the impossible in terms of
things that
presidents
have done before. So yeah, honestly, but it's just, I just really hope we can get it together and not having for another term, but who the heck knows?
let's
the, especially with all this melon voting and all that being like not suspended but just discouraged I guess. Or they're trying to suspend it. I don't even know it makes no sense
to me, but
No.
So,
You know what's crazy to me though is just the people that like weren't like for against trump and all that and then like they almost got brainwashed into it and then you try to argue with them or talk to them like to have a civil conversation with them and they're just like, oh, but the economy uh
now it is. But like that was like their argument before him. Like he's just helping the economy, Somebody's helping helping businesses and all that and it's just
just
can't reason
with people.
There
was
Mhm. 100% totally
agree. And like against all people of color, like black people, like every woman, like literally anyone
there is that
isn't
like,
retweet.
Exactly. Especially LGBTQ rights and all that because like they're recently was the transgender um policy that he was trying to promote or disband or whatever. It's just insane. So
we have
to get
him out.
it
was health
that too, Yeah.
The
closest,
That's fucking ridiculous. Like I
I really hope we can get it together and not do this shit again because it's
disgusting.
Oh yeah. I mean even like now like his rally that he had, that Mylan showed up, I was
made me so happy I am to one. But even like trying to schedule something on juneteenth and like just everything he does. I'm just like, how do people not see through this?
It's just like inner racism and hate towards people that like they don't express
outwardly? I don't know.
it's
from
the general.
Yeah. Yeah. How is it in the south? I grew up in the midwest a little bit. I was born in Wisconsin and then I moved to California when I was like seven years old,
but how really experience itself
I'm
sorry
bob.
I mean,
I can,
yeah, I can relate in the fact like the religious nous or my family is insane and like I don't live with them anymore, but like they would do some type of shit to me too if I, like I said anything, even like dating outside your race, all that type of shit, it's just
like, that just boggles my mind. Like how can religion just take over your head and you can do
shit like that to people,
like that's not religion.
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. That's, that's why I have trouble with religion now to you just, you just see the bad side of people through that and
it's
insane.
Because like what is it to you? Someone like something that's the same like sexism or like what? Like who? Like who the hell cares. It's just so
after
up
Exactly retweet. I just, yeah, I don't know man. It's a weird world we
live in. Mhm. But
yeah, that is true. It is very true. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh for today or for
sorry, I didn't hear you.
Yes, arrest the day. So I have like a class later on and I just did groceries this morning. Maybe I'll like work out or something inside, but just a chill day. Honestly, maybe I'm facing my friend, but
This
is
the problem.
it's
fine. That's cool. How do you guys want me just like my living here?
That's that's good though.
It's good to have a good support system and people around you because I don't feel like isolating yourself to like really hurts your mental health sometimes,
so mm.
Of course.
Yeah, I definitely enjoy my own company, like
a good amount.
But yeah,
I think I'm probably like in the middle like, you know, he'll but also like enjoying my
own company. But yeah, it's also nice to
like
not be bothered by people all the time.
Yes. Yeah, I heard it's fun and um phoenix isn't there another area in Arizona forgetting the city right now, but it's like really popping, apparently it's like Vegas or something clubs and all that.
Yeah. Uh huh. No, I can't think of it right now, but like I heard something about like
these sorts of
an S.
Oh
yeah neurons is probably like top here. I really want to go out there and I was gonna go for Mardi gras this year before everything but then yeah,
it didn't happen. Yeah, exactly,
so that's
though.
Oh fine, I haven't been yet.
People
say it's fun, like people say
it's a huge sight to see and
No, definitely. How long is the drive from you?
that's yeah, it's true.
It's not bad at all.
This
was
Mhm. Yeah. Have you been in Mexico yet? Yeah, me either.
true, true, same. But I mean I guess it feels like you're the touristy spots and all that, but probably
not the safest right now obviously.
Seattle
sun,
I've
been, I love it. It's so nice to Vegas for me, it's like 11 hour drive and I did it last year. So we did we did Portland and then we went to Seattle and really nice like I'd say it's like a better version of san Francisco for me. Um Food is really good. There was this one like chinese place like it was like it
was
like
chinese barbecue. I think they have a little chinatown in Seattle and best like me I've ever had. So good so I really recommend it. Mm. Yeah.
of course you're good. Do you just end it? I don't haven't done this
before.