SPEAKER_L: Okay right mhm Yeah yeah Okay. Yeah this is like okay I think I've already reported this is confusing though mary because this this thing is like all right mhm What? I'm supposed to talk with this like stranger, but there is no like um I don't know what are we supposed to talk about? I don't understand this. Oh my God this is so weird, they're not here yet anyway. Yes you know Amanda can Oh my God yes yes
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: match that's right thank you. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: though, can you hear me? Hello? Well can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I couldn't hear you.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, can you see me? Okay?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can see you. Can you see me? Fine? Oh
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: Good. So my name is Diane
SPEAKER_L: okay I'm Amanda
SPEAKER_R: Strong, it's nice to meet you. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in New Jersey right now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'm in pennsylvania
SPEAKER_L: Okay what part of pennsylvania?
SPEAKER_R: south central, just south of Harrisburg.
SPEAKER_L: Okay yeah my sister used to live around that area I think she went to Elizabethtown and then she used to live um in hummels town I think. Okay
SPEAKER_R: those aren't far from me. I'm in new york so.
SPEAKER_L: okay yeah yeah she doesn't live there anymore of what she was doing like occupational therapy stuff there.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Very good. So have you lived in New Jersey for a while?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm from here, I actually don't live here
SPEAKER_R: somewhere
SPEAKER_L: anymore, I live
SPEAKER_R: pilot. Um
SPEAKER_L: in Ohio
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: I'm like Cincinnati but I'm just back for I'm a student so I'm doing like a master's degree so I'm just I'm
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: for like the winter break and I'm leaving saturday tomorrow. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: What are you getting your master's in?
SPEAKER_L: bioinformatics. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know very much about that, I have a bachelor's degree in nursing but mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yes
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's been a while since I practiced. I have That I home school so I haven't practiced in about 10 years but
SPEAKER_L: Okay but how many kids do you have?
SPEAKER_R: sex.
SPEAKER_L: Six, wow, it's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's what everybody says. Do you have any kids?
SPEAKER_L: No I do want some at some point, I mean when I get the degree and I have like a job and everything, I would like some, yeah I don't know
SPEAKER_R: you've
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: many
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I didn't start off wanting sex once you have three day outnumber you so it doesn't matter anymore. But I just I think. Uh
SPEAKER_L: many are boys and how many are girls
SPEAKER_R: I have four boys and two girls. My
SPEAKER_L: paddles?
SPEAKER_R: oldest just eight and my youngest is four,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh, that's
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: a lot. That's a cute ages though I guess for. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're all fun. They're all different and you know, there's there are ages that I like in their ages that I don't like. Uh 40 minutes. So you're visiting family in New Jersey right now, Is that what you said?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I just came back for christmas and the new
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: year and then I'm leaving tomorrow. But yeah, it's been nice, I'm kind of excited to go back to school I guess, but it's nice being here too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you have a long time until you graduate.
SPEAKER_L: Um I just finished the first year, so I have one more year, it's all okay, well I guess I didn't
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: finish the first year, I finished the first semester, so I have a year and a half. Yeah. Yeah almost
SPEAKER_R: it's gotten,
SPEAKER_L: I guess I wish I was better finish now. But uh yeah, I don't really want to be taking like too many more classes, I just kind of want to do more of the research stuff with everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know a lot about bioinformatics. What is that exactly?
SPEAKER_L: Um So it's like kind of combining computer science with biology stuff, so like specifically like um maybe like genetics is like a big part of it, like uh some of the research I've done in the past is like um people like Children that have developmental issues or some type of physical issues and they don't know what's causing it. And then they'll do like a whole genome sequencing or like some sequencing. And then I'm like working on like the The computer stuff to like look into 3rd jeans and try to figure out what
SPEAKER_R: On.
SPEAKER_L: is causing the disease. Because there's a lot of kids with like these very rare diseases that are probably genetic in origin, but they just don't know like what exactly is causing the Vienna type or the Yeah, so it it um I mean, but there could be more than that to like people, some people do stuff related to like modeling drugs or doing medicine stuff or even like I I know someone who does stuff related to like, insects and he like, like, like so he kind of like goes out into the wilderness and like looks at the insects, but then he like puts them on online database and then they like map where they're at and like. Yeah. So I mean it's kind of like
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: a very broad discipline. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Now, do you know what specific area you want to go into or not?
SPEAKER_L: Not really. Well I don't think I want to um stay in like academics. I think I probably want to go out into like an industry type of job. So maybe like a pharmaceutical company or something like that. But I don't really know for sure. I don't know. I mean I feel like pharmaceutical companies like don't have a great reputation. So I don't know if that's like really where I loved me, but I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I probably would like to stay related to medicine or something. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they may not have a great reputation as far as the money part of it, but they save a lot of lives, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess that's true. Yeah. And I guess like I would be doing this I and stuff, I want to be doing the business stuff so I could, I wouldn't feel so like
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: unethical I guess if I did it, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Uh just in the years since I was in nursing school, the what medicine has, what pharmaceutical companies have found for medicines to help people is pretty just my mom has multiple sclerosis and as a kid options to treat them. But now multiple sclerosis is really treatable. The symptoms and everything. It's amazing. I don't I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That is amazing, wow.
SPEAKER_R: So don't feel bad if you go into a pharmaceutical company, they do a lot of good. They get a bad rap. Do a lot of them would be in big trouble. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I guess that's true. That's a good point. Yeah. Did you when you were a nurse, did you work in like hospitals or nursing
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: homes?
SPEAKER_R: I first started working in a nursing home. I worked there for about three years, and then I went to the hospital and I worked post open heart surgery For uh 10 or 12 years, I think. So, that was really amazing. Just what they can do to fix somebody's heart is pretty, pretty impressive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It sounds like it was stressful
SPEAKER_R: And even
SPEAKER_L: though. Or was it stressful?
SPEAKER_R: there were days that were stressful coming wrong, but I think that's true in any fields. Um I mean, the whole concept of knowing that if I make a mistake, I could accidentally kill somebody. Yeah, that can be stressful, but after a while you kind of get used to it, I guess. Or it the the enormity of it doesn't seem as big, I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's just like your everyday reality. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, I'm not allowed to make mistakes and that's just like, so. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like, I mean like I briefly considered doing something related to like patients with medicine, but I don't, I don't think I, I think it would trust me out too much. Like I don't think I can handle like having people's health in my hands. So that's why I'm doing the research side.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I get that. But practicing medicine for nothing, we're still practicing. So, but there are a lot of states in place. I mean mistakes do happen, but there's a lot of safety checks in place to make sure the bad things don't happen as often as they. So
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: the patients, the patients sometimes were hard to deal with because a lot of times um cardiac patients typically think of people that are older that have heart attacks. And a lot of times it's drug users that have really killed their cardiac muscles. Sometimes that
SPEAKER_L: I didn't
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: think about that. Mm
SPEAKER_R: that can be really challenging to deal with. But or so I'm smokers, they can they can be pretty young coming in and they don't quit smoking and that can be champ. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that does sound
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: charlie.
SPEAKER_R: Patient care is not for everybody. If you don't think it's where you want to be, then that's fine places you can go. So.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, well, yeah, my sister because she's the occupational therapist, she like talks about some of the issues like the troubles that she has to with some of the patients. And I think she mostly likes it though too. I mean I think she doesn't have too many issues with the field, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The field itself isn't usually the problem because he wouldn't have gone into it if you didn't like that. But
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: it's like anything else. The bureaucracy can get you in the patient like, you know, it's just the same as working at coles or whatever patients people challenging. But that's
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: she has to spend a long time doing like paperwork and filling that charts out and everything, which seems like kind of boring maybe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah. I mean it's not probably not the reason why she went into it.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I mean like she wanted to be with the patients not to be like filling out all these charts and because some like, like one of the things that people will do in my field is that they do like the HR designing and like the implementing that stuff. But then like I know that a lot of the medical staff doesn't like how much paperwork and online computer stuff they have to do now. But yes, that's like like a lot of people in my like research area, that's what they do is they like are doing the alerts and all that stuff. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's challenging. So did you do anything fun on vacation?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not really. We went to what we went to Bethlehem in pennsylvania and that was the first time I had been there. Um It was it was a nice, nice area. I don't know if you've you've been, I don't know if that's like near where you're at, I don't know if you've been there but it's nice.
SPEAKER_R: It's about yeah. It's about two hours away from me. It's it's not that close really. I haven't been there for chris you mean for the decorations?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we actually went a week after christmas but they still had the christmas stuff up and they have like a cool old factory that you can tour which was like it was it was very cool actually like the tour guide was really good. He talked a lot about like the history of the it was an iron doctor I think a steel dr yeah but it was it was very it was very interesting and like the town is really cute and nice and so yeah that's kind of mostly all I've done I just the holidays I spent with my family here we didn't go anywhere else.
SPEAKER_R: That's okay. We ended up with the flu so we were sick for a for two weeks so we
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: didn't go anywhere either. Uh We watched a lot of netflix.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah I've done that that's honestly what I've been mostly doing is watching tv the past few weeks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Some it was all right. Well I mean kids were all miserable so they were quiet and sitting around on the couch. Which actually was kind of a nice vacation. So but we're back at school now and they're doing better thankfully.
SPEAKER_L: mm that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you driving back to, Ohio?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like about 11 well like 10 hours 11 11 if there's traffic and longer I guess to stop but I'm not doing it all in one day, I'm stopping in the middle of it and then uh finishing it up on sunday. Yeah. Not
SPEAKER_R: I hope it's a nice trip.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I hope so. It's not supposed to rain too much. I don't think. I hope not. Yes, as long as it doesn't snow, it will be okay. Yeah, because I think my car is like kind of tiny, so I don't think it would do so well with ice or snow. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you driving by yourself or do you have a friend with you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm just driving by myself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That makes it long too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why I'm splitting it up for two days. Because I think like if I tried to do it all on my own and one day I would I don't know, I feel like I would start getting tired and then like I wouldn't be driving as safe and I don't know, I'm like paranoid about that. Like I do someone who um who's kid, like I was driving from college and he fell asleep at the wheel because like he was driving too long and he got, he killed, he died. So I'm like very careful to not drive like too too long at one time. I believe. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to hear that. Was that recently that happened?
SPEAKER_L: It was a while ago. It was maybe like five years ago. It wasn't recent, but I always think about it. I guess when I'm like thinking about like how long I should be driving at one time or if I should be driving too late. But I mean, yeah, like doing half of its not too bad because that's only like five
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: hours, so that's not all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you can get out and walk around, you have plenty of time to do that if you split it up two days.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Happy. Have you ever done any like long road trips?
SPEAKER_R: Well my family, I grew up outside of boston so at least every year and a half or so we drive up to boston and visit family up there so that's if it's going while it's nine hours if it's not well so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow, that's long too.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah but um my husband's family lives in Connecticut so we frequently fairly frequently go up there and that's about a six hour drive so that's at I don't know two or 3 times a year usually. So kids travel well which is nice so it's not hard to trips like that. My husband does all the driving so I don't have to I just have to keep
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: him
SPEAKER_L: nice. So that's what I think I need to find is somebody who will just drive me places like I always think like that will be great. Like if I get like a boyfriend or husband who will just do the driving and then I can just not worry about
SPEAKER_R: keep
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: them awake here, have another coffee. Any stay away. Yes
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he likes to drive I don't mind driving but he likes to drive and so it works out well for me to be the mediator for all the kids in the back and him to do the driving. So we actually we actually really like to do road trips About three years ago we flew out Oregon and drove down the west coast from Seattle down to san Francisco and that's what we That's right our 15 year anniversary a couple years back. So web
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: I know that. Yeah it was. Have you ever been at West?
SPEAKER_L: No, I would like to my sister, the one who was living in pennsylvania, she moved to san Francisco. So I would like to visit her I guess in the next like your, but I haven't been anywhere. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: SAn Francisco is actually kind of a neat, very hilly, very hilly. The streets are so steep I knew that in my head but seeing them they're really steep, it's in the in the streets so you can walk up the steps walking up the street it's crazy. So but we went to Crater Lake and we drove through the redwoods. It was it was beautiful. The west coast is beautiful, it's worth seeing so but san Francisco bay was we rented we rented bikes and just around san Francisco that's pretty. So
SPEAKER_L: that sounds, that sounds really nice. Did you like like what city that you went through? Did you like the best because you went from Oregon to, so like you went through a couple of cities, you guys?
SPEAKER_R: actually it's very different out there. They have the big cities. Portland was a dump. I did not like Portland at all. Seattle was interesting. Um Yeah yeah I don't know it's just different but there are no there aren't a whole lot of big cities so it's really Seattle then Portland then there's really no big cities in northern California. It's all these little until you get to san Francisco so that I can't remember the name of the city. It was kind of a small city in the very north corner of California was really pretty right on the water but I don't remember the name of it sorry. But
SPEAKER_L: it's okay. I was just curious.
SPEAKER_R: I was actually one of the big things that surprised that's where all the signs for what to do if there was an earthquake because they're afraid of. Like they have like we have tornado warnings, they have tsunami warnings and so they have a siren set up for that. So it just it struck me as funny like in the bathrooms there were big red signs that said what to do if there was an earthquake because of the tsunamis.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess that makes sense. So is it mostly
SPEAKER_R: it just
SPEAKER_L: um it's mostly like what's or is it like farmland?
SPEAKER_R: it is um Oregon. A lot of Oregon was farmland. And that was kind of funny too because um as you crater Lake is in uh rockies and so as you're coming down from the rockies and it's like you can totally see why the pioneers came across the rockies and said Oregon, this is where we're stopping because rockies and then land for miles. So that was all farmland, everything's all and stuff and they have signs, you know blueberries and all the different things that they're growing. So that was really pretty. But California was mostly wooded. The redwood forests and stuff as coy as pretty in their own way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I know it sounds really nice. I would like to travel more within this country at some point I just need to find someone to travel with I guess. But yeah it
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: sounds.
SPEAKER_R: is hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah because I feel like my family like everyone's busy with their own family. My parents were trying to go on their own anniversary. Um Prep this year somewhere. I don't really they have decided where they're going but yeah I would I guess yeah at some point I'll go at least to san Francisco as long as my sister is living there to visit. Mhm. When I when I have time probably over the supper.
SPEAKER_R: Well and money. Time and money tired. I get that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's I guess the biggest U. two is you know the money
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: both on prolific for a reason so
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: and that's fine, you know? But yeah, it's definitely worth if you have a chance to get out there, but you know There until I was in my 40s. So you've got time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I have plenty of time. So I'll go, I'll go at some point when I get the chance to. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Did you do any vacationing as a child? To see stuff like her?
SPEAKER_L: not too far. We mostly stayed like, we always did go on vacations. My sisters used to dance so we did a lot of like vacations to like the dance competitions, which wasn't like the funnest for me. But yeah, so like not really. I mean like I've been to florida a couple of times in like south Carolina and um, I don't know a lot of like the beach, they always have the dance competitions out like BG type of places. Yeah. I mean I have a family like that also lives in Ohio. So we always went to Ohio and pennsylvania because it's closed and because my sister was living there and then like michigan and so not too far. Yeah, I would like to go more like in a different part of the country definitely. Like I'd like to go to the west coast or I don't know like texas or something like that. Like something different. Yeah, because I kind of like I've always wanted to see like more of the desert too. So like I guess like Arizona or something would be fun. His. Yeah, all the, I guess though the environment is all like pretty much the same on the east coast. It's not really two different. I mean it's a little different when you go go south I guess with the palm trees and everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is very different on the west coast. I drove through texas once. It is so flat. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: but it's worth seeing you know it's I wouldn't I never want to move to texas but it's worth seeing you know to go to visit so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's why I don't think I would want to move there either, but I feel like just to visit or something, I've also never been to Canada either. So I'm thinking maybe Canada in the next couple of years because it's not like that far from here.
SPEAKER_R: No it's not. I've considerate Island a couple of times. I don't know if you're an anesthetic tables
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I love and
SPEAKER_R: person
SPEAKER_L: I agree Naples.
SPEAKER_R: or not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: what I always think of.
SPEAKER_R: a big fan. You have to go to Prince Edward Island. It's so pretty mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm watching the netflix show about it. So it's, have you seen it? I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Nothing not the netflix when I haven't in the old one as well. The one that came out when I was a kid I've seen over and over and over again. But with me You ever seen that 1?
SPEAKER_L: No, I, I kind of made watch the older one though because I feel like the new one, like I like it, but it's a little like it's a little like dark. I guess sometimes it's not
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: like it's not as like happy as like what I remember the books being it, it gets a little like a little, I don't
SPEAKER_R: dark?
SPEAKER_L: even know how to describe it. But yeah. And it's also like they're definitely not following the books very well. I mean I haven't read the books since I was a kid but there is a lot of there's like entire plot points that are completely like different. So I've been because I just watched the third season or the second season I guess. So I've been thinking of maybe going back and watching one of the the older shows just to see how like it's different. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't watch the Netflix one because everybody said it was so dark and I didn't want to ruin the story.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's it's a little like weird sometimes. I don't really know like why they did it the way they did it. I mean it's done well like they act well but it's just it's just that little a little dark time. Have you seen the little woman? The new little woman?
SPEAKER_R: And no, I haven't, I I saw the previous for it. I didn't realize it had come out the new one that just came out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that was pretty
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: like it? You did.
SPEAKER_L: I like that one. Yeah I thought it was nice. I mean it it follows the original book better I think. But it's not as depressed. I mean it's like of course it's a little sad because of like the you know the sister.
SPEAKER_R: That and
SPEAKER_L: but for the most part like I thought it was done very well and all those actresses are really good and actors, That's a good one.
SPEAKER_R: I had seen the preview for the new Secret Garden, but I haven't seen that one either. So
SPEAKER_L: I didn't even know they were doing bad.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it has Colin firth in it as the father. Um, so I would like to see that one, but I haven't, I don't even know if it's come out yet or not. I just saw the preview for it, so I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I should look into that. I haven't I haven't even seen anything about that. That sounds nice too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. So anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Did you guys see frozen with your kids?
SPEAKER_R: okay. I didn't, isn't that terrible? We're not big Disney fans, so,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not either really. I mean I haven't seen it either. I just know like I have a friend who actually is like she loves Disney a lot and she solid like three times but she's my age that she saw three times. So I figured I figured like a lot of like the kids were liking it but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no, my kids are more um, uh, right now they're downstairs watching the long, long holiday which is um it's a cartoon, it was actually done in french originally but it's about it's uh it's six hours long but it's a cartoon about World War Two. And so uh these two little kids and how they get evacuated and um it's dubbed over in english but they tend to like more of those historical type in fact, so much long but sick. So they had started a couple of days ago while they were still not feeling well. So I'm letting them watch, I'm talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good though. They're watching like probably more intellectual movies and tv shows and everything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they pretend they also like Paddington bears. So you know, mr hands. So I think prolific said that there was a timer but I don't see it. You see it
SPEAKER_L: So on mine it's saying that it's been 10 minutes and 30 seconds but I think it's been like a lot longer than that. I
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Because I think you probably came on at um 12:45 right?
SPEAKER_R: I did as soon as I got it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: afraid
SPEAKER_L: it's been like 25 minutes then.
SPEAKER_R: I would think so. Let me see. Oh My timer says 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. I don't know. My mind's only okay whatever. I don't know why minds
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: saying.
SPEAKER_R: on the other? Are you on the my I just checked the timer on the other link. The link.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's the time where I'm looking at two and it's still only saying like 11 minutes but like I think like it should be fine because it's definitely been like a 30 minutes probably then. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, mine. 30 minutes and 48 seconds. So I think that we are done.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The queer guy. Okay well it was nice talking to you and
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: Danielle.
SPEAKER_R: was nice talking to you. It's nice to meet you Amanda. So, good luck in college and
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: drive
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: safe
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: your family all feels better and everything
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: gets good with that. Okay bye.