Okay right mhm Yeah yeah Okay. Yeah this is like okay I think I've already reported this is confusing though mary because this this thing is like all right mhm What? I'm supposed to talk with this like stranger, but there is no like um I don't know what are we supposed to talk about? I don't understand this. Oh my God this is so weird, they're not here yet anyway. Yes you know Amanda can Oh my God yes yes
match that's right thank you. Yeah
Hi.
Yeah I couldn't hear you.
Good, how are you?
Yeah I can see you. Can you see me? Fine? Oh
good,
good
okay I'm Amanda
I'm in New Jersey right now.
Okay what part of pennsylvania?
Okay yeah my sister used to live around that area I think she went to Elizabethtown and then she used to live um in hummels town I think. Okay
okay yeah yeah she doesn't live there anymore of what she was doing like occupational therapy stuff there.
Yeah, I'm from here, I actually don't live here
anymore, I live
in Ohio
I'm like Cincinnati but I'm just back for I'm a student so I'm doing like a master's degree so I'm just I'm
back
for like the winter break and I'm leaving saturday tomorrow. Yeah
bioinformatics. Yeah.
Yes
Okay but how many kids do you have?
Six, wow, it's a lot.
No I do want some at some point, I mean when I get the degree and I have like a job and everything, I would like some, yeah I don't know
how
many
but yeah. Yeah.
many are boys and how many are girls
paddles?
Uh huh, that's
a lot. That's a cute ages though I guess for. Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah I just came back for christmas and the new
year and then I'm leaving tomorrow. But yeah, it's been nice, I'm kind of excited to go back to school I guess, but it's nice being here too. Yeah.
Um I just finished the first year, so I have one more year, it's all okay, well I guess I didn't
finish the first year, I finished the first semester, so I have a year and a half. Yeah. Yeah almost
I guess I wish I was better finish now. But uh yeah, I don't really want to be taking like too many more classes, I just kind of want to do more of the research stuff with everything. Yeah.
Um So it's like kind of combining computer science with biology stuff, so like specifically like um maybe like genetics is like a big part of it, like uh some of the research I've done in the past is like um people like Children that have developmental issues or some type of physical issues and they don't know what's causing it. And then they'll do like a whole genome sequencing or like some sequencing. And then I'm like working on like the The computer stuff to like look into 3rd jeans and try to figure out what
is causing the disease. Because there's a lot of kids with like these very rare diseases that are probably genetic in origin, but they just don't know like what exactly is causing the Vienna type or the Yeah, so it it um I mean, but there could be more than that to like people, some people do stuff related to like modeling drugs or doing medicine stuff or even like I I know someone who does stuff related to like, insects and he like, like, like so he kind of like goes out into the wilderness and like looks at the insects, but then he like puts them on online database and then they like map where they're at and like. Yeah. So I mean it's kind of like
a very broad discipline. Yeah.
Not really. Well I don't think I want to um stay in like academics. I think I probably want to go out into like an industry type of job. So maybe like a pharmaceutical company or something like that. But I don't really know for sure. I don't know. I mean I feel like pharmaceutical companies like don't have a great reputation. So I don't know if that's like really where I loved me, but I
I probably would like to stay related to medicine or something. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess that's true. Yeah. And I guess like I would be doing this I and stuff, I want to be doing the business stuff so I could, I wouldn't feel so like
unethical I guess if I did it, but yeah.
Yeah. That is amazing, wow.
Yeah. I guess that's true. That's a good point. Yeah. Did you when you were a nurse, did you work in like hospitals or nursing
homes?
Yeah. It sounds like it was stressful
though. Or was it stressful?
It's just like your everyday reality. Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like, I mean like I briefly considered doing something related to like patients with medicine, but I don't, I don't think I, I think it would trust me out too much. Like I don't think I can handle like having people's health in my hands. So that's why I'm doing the research side.
mm hmm. Yeah, that's good.
I didn't
even
think about that. Mm
Yeah, that does sound
charlie.
I mean, well, yeah, my sister because she's the occupational therapist, she like talks about some of the issues like the troubles that she has to with some of the patients. And I think she mostly likes it though too. I mean I think she doesn't have too many issues with the field, so.
that's true.
I know
she has to spend a long time doing like paperwork and filling that charts out and everything, which seems like kind of boring maybe. Yeah.
exactly. I mean like she wanted to be with the patients not to be like filling out all these charts and because some like, like one of the things that people will do in my field is that they do like the HR designing and like the implementing that stuff. But then like I know that a lot of the medical staff doesn't like how much paperwork and online computer stuff they have to do now. But yes, that's like like a lot of people in my like research area, that's what they do is they like are doing the alerts and all that stuff. But yeah.
Um Not really. We went to what we went to Bethlehem in pennsylvania and that was the first time I had been there. Um It was it was a nice, nice area. I don't know if you've you've been, I don't know if that's like near where you're at, I don't know if you've been there but it's nice.
Yeah we actually went a week after christmas but they still had the christmas stuff up and they have like a cool old factory that you can tour which was like it was it was very cool actually like the tour guide was really good. He talked a lot about like the history of the it was an iron doctor I think a steel dr yeah but it was it was very it was very interesting and like the town is really cute and nice and so yeah that's kind of mostly all I've done I just the holidays I spent with my family here we didn't go anywhere else.
that's
mm. Yeah I've done that that's honestly what I've been mostly doing is watching tv the past few weeks. Yeah.
mm that's good.
Yeah it's like about 11 well like 10 hours 11 11 if there's traffic and longer I guess to stop but I'm not doing it all in one day, I'm stopping in the middle of it and then uh finishing it up on sunday. Yeah. Not
Yeah, I hope so. It's not supposed to rain too much. I don't think. I hope not. Yes, as long as it doesn't snow, it will be okay. Yeah, because I think my car is like kind of tiny, so I don't think it would do so well with ice or snow. Okay,
I'm just driving by myself. Yeah.
Yeah, that's why I'm splitting it up for two days. Because I think like if I tried to do it all on my own and one day I would I don't know, I feel like I would start getting tired and then like I wouldn't be driving as safe and I don't know, I'm like paranoid about that. Like I do someone who um who's kid, like I was driving from college and he fell asleep at the wheel because like he was driving too long and he got, he killed, he died. So I'm like very careful to not drive like too too long at one time. I believe. So. Yeah.
It was a while ago. It was maybe like five years ago. It wasn't recent, but I always think about it. I guess when I'm like thinking about like how long I should be driving at one time or if I should be driving too late. But I mean, yeah, like doing half of its not too bad because that's only like five
hours, so that's not all. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Happy. Have you ever done any like long road trips?
Yeah, wow, that's long too.
that's
nice. So that's what I think I need to find is somebody who will just drive me places like I always think like that will be great. Like if I get like a boyfriend or husband who will just do the driving and then I can just not worry about
it.
Yeah.
that's really cool.
No, I would like to my sister, the one who was living in pennsylvania, she moved to san Francisco. So I would like to visit her I guess in the next like your, but I haven't been anywhere. Yes.
that sounds, that sounds really nice. Did you like like what city that you went through? Did you like the best because you went from Oregon to, so like you went through a couple of cities, you guys?
it's okay. I was just curious.
Yeah, I guess that makes sense. So is it mostly
um it's mostly like what's or is it like farmland?
Yeah. Yeah I know it sounds really nice. I would like to travel more within this country at some point I just need to find someone to travel with I guess. But yeah it
sounds.
Yeah. Yeah because I feel like my family like everyone's busy with their own family. My parents were trying to go on their own anniversary. Um Prep this year somewhere. I don't really they have decided where they're going but yeah I would I guess yeah at some point I'll go at least to san Francisco as long as my sister is living there to visit. Mhm. When I when I have time probably over the supper.
Yeah that's I guess the biggest U. two is you know the money
is,
that's it.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I have plenty of time. So I'll go, I'll go at some point when I get the chance to. Yeah. Yeah.
not too far. We mostly stayed like, we always did go on vacations. My sisters used to dance so we did a lot of like vacations to like the dance competitions, which wasn't like the funnest for me. But yeah, so like not really. I mean like I've been to florida a couple of times in like south Carolina and um, I don't know a lot of like the beach, they always have the dance competitions out like BG type of places. Yeah. I mean I have a family like that also lives in Ohio. So we always went to Ohio and pennsylvania because it's closed and because my sister was living there and then like michigan and so not too far. Yeah, I would like to go more like in a different part of the country definitely. Like I'd like to go to the west coast or I don't know like texas or something like that. Like something different. Yeah, because I kind of like I've always wanted to see like more of the desert too. So like I guess like Arizona or something would be fun. His. Yeah, all the, I guess though the environment is all like pretty much the same on the east coast. It's not really two different. I mean it's a little different when you go go south I guess with the palm trees and everything.
Mhm,
Yeah, that's why I don't think I would want to move there either, but I feel like just to visit or something, I've also never been to Canada either. So I'm thinking maybe Canada in the next couple of years because it's not like that far from here.
Yeah, I love and
I agree Naples.
Yeah. That's
what I always think of.
Yeah, I'm watching the netflix show about it. So it's, have you seen it? I don't know.
No, I, I kind of made watch the older one though because I feel like the new one, like I like it, but it's a little like it's a little like dark. I guess sometimes it's not
like it's not as like happy as like what I remember the books being it, it gets a little like a little, I don't
even know how to describe it. But yeah. And it's also like they're definitely not following the books very well. I mean I haven't read the books since I was a kid but there is a lot of there's like entire plot points that are completely like different. So I've been because I just watched the third season or the second season I guess. So I've been thinking of maybe going back and watching one of the the older shows just to see how like it's different. Yeah.
Yeah it's it's a little like weird sometimes. I don't really know like why they did it the way they did it. I mean it's done well like they act well but it's just it's just that little a little dark time. Have you seen the little woman? The new little woman?
Yeah that was pretty
good.
I like that one. Yeah I thought it was nice. I mean it it follows the original book better I think. But it's not as depressed. I mean it's like of course it's a little sad because of like the you know the sister.
but for the most part like I thought it was done very well and all those actresses are really good and actors, That's a good one.
I didn't even know they were doing bad.
Yeah. Yeah, I should look into that. I haven't I haven't even seen anything about that. That sounds nice too.
Okay. Yeah. Did you guys see frozen with your kids?
I'm not either really. I mean I haven't seen it either. I just know like I have a friend who actually is like she loves Disney a lot and she solid like three times but she's my age that she saw three times. So I figured I figured like a lot of like the kids were liking it but yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good though. They're watching like probably more intellectual movies and tv shows and everything.
So on mine it's saying that it's been 10 minutes and 30 seconds but I think it's been like a lot longer than that. I
mean
Because I think you probably came on at um 12:45 right?
So
I think
it's been like 25 minutes then.
Oh okay. I don't know. My mind's only okay whatever. I don't know why minds
only
saying.
Yeah that's the time where I'm looking at two and it's still only saying like 11 minutes but like I think like it should be fine because it's definitely been like a 30 minutes probably then. Yeah.
Yeah. The queer guy. Okay well it was nice talking to you and
Danielle.
Thank
you.
Yeah. I hope
your family all feels better and everything
gets good with that. Okay bye.