But
though, can you hear me? Hello? Well can you hear me?
Hi,
how are you?
Good, can you see me? Okay?
how
are you?
Good. So my name is Diane
Strong, it's nice to meet you. Where are you from?
Okay I'm in pennsylvania
south central, just south of Harrisburg.
those aren't far from me. I'm in new york so.
Okay. Very good. So have you lived in New Jersey for a while?
somewhere
pilot. Um
I don't
I
think.
What are you getting your master's in?
I don't know very much about that, I have a bachelor's degree in nursing but mm.
Mhm. It's been a while since I practiced. I have That I home school so I haven't practiced in about 10 years but
sex.
Well that's what everybody says. Do you have any kids?
you've
got
time.
Well I didn't start off wanting sex once you have three day outnumber you so it doesn't matter anymore. But I just I think. Uh
I have four boys and two girls. My
oldest just eight and my youngest is four,
so.
Yeah,
they're all fun. They're all different and you know, there's there are ages that I like in their ages that I don't like. Uh 40 minutes. So you're visiting family in New Jersey right now, Is that what you said?
But.
you have a long time until you graduate.
Not
it's gotten,
Yeah, I don't know a lot about bioinformatics. What is that exactly?
On.
That's
Now, do you know what specific area you want to go into or not?
Well,
they may not have a great reputation as far as the money part of it, but they save a lot of lives, so.
Well.
I don't know. Uh just in the years since I was in nursing school, the what medicine has, what pharmaceutical companies have found for medicines to help people is pretty just my mom has multiple sclerosis and as a kid options to treat them. But now multiple sclerosis is really treatable. The symptoms and everything. It's amazing. I don't I don't know.
So don't feel bad if you go into a pharmaceutical company, they do a lot of good. They get a bad rap. Do a lot of them would be in big trouble. So.
Well,
I first started working in a nursing home. I worked there for about three years, and then I went to the hospital and I worked post open heart surgery For uh 10 or 12 years, I think. So, that was really amazing. Just what they can do to fix somebody's heart is pretty, pretty impressive.
And even
there were days that were stressful coming wrong, but I think that's true in any fields. Um I mean, the whole concept of knowing that if I make a mistake, I could accidentally kill somebody. Yeah, that can be stressful, but after a while you kind of get used to it, I guess. Or it the the enormity of it doesn't seem as big, I guess. Yeah.
Yeah. You know, I'm not allowed to make mistakes and that's just like, so. But
yeah, I get that. But practicing medicine for nothing, we're still practicing. So, but there are a lot of states in place. I mean mistakes do happen, but there's a lot of safety checks in place to make sure the bad things don't happen as often as they. So
the patients, the patients sometimes were hard to deal with because a lot of times um cardiac patients typically think of people that are older that have heart attacks. And a lot of times it's drug users that have really killed their cardiac muscles. Sometimes that
can
be
that can be really challenging to deal with. But or so I'm smokers, they can they can be pretty young coming in and they don't quit smoking and that can be champ. Uh
Thank you.
Patient care is not for everybody. If you don't think it's where you want to be, then that's fine places you can go. So.
Yeah. The field itself isn't usually the problem because he wouldn't have gone into it if you didn't like that. But
it's like anything else. The bureaucracy can get you in the patient like, you know, it's just the same as working at coles or whatever patients people challenging. But that's
everywhere.
Well yeah. I mean it's not probably not the reason why she went into it.
It's challenging. So did you do anything fun on vacation?
It's about yeah. It's about two hours away from me. It's it's not that close really. I haven't been there for chris you mean for the decorations?
That's okay. We ended up with the flu so we were sick for a for two weeks so we
didn't go anywhere either. Uh We watched a lot of netflix.
Some it was all right. Well I mean kids were all miserable so they were quiet and sitting around on the couch. Which actually was kind of a nice vacation. So but we're back at school now and they're doing better thankfully.
Yeah. Are you driving back to, Ohio?
I hope it's a nice trip.
Yeah. Are you driving by yourself or do you have a friend with you?
That makes it long too.
I'm sorry to hear that. Was that recently that happened?
No.
you can get out and walk around, you have plenty of time to do that if you split it up two days.
Well my family, I grew up outside of boston so at least every year and a half or so we drive up to boston and visit family up there so that's if it's going while it's nine hours if it's not well so.
Uh huh. Yeah but um my husband's family lives in Connecticut so we frequently fairly frequently go up there and that's about a six hour drive so that's at I don't know two or 3 times a year usually. So kids travel well which is nice so it's not hard to trips like that. My husband does all the driving so I don't have to I just have to keep
him
keep
them awake here, have another coffee. Any stay away. Yes
he likes to drive I don't mind driving but he likes to drive and so it works out well for me to be the mediator for all the kids in the back and him to do the driving. So we actually we actually really like to do road trips About three years ago we flew out Oregon and drove down the west coast from Seattle down to san Francisco and that's what we That's right our 15 year anniversary a couple years back. So web
I know that. Yeah it was. Have you ever been at West?
SAn Francisco is actually kind of a neat, very hilly, very hilly. The streets are so steep I knew that in my head but seeing them they're really steep, it's in the in the streets so you can walk up the steps walking up the street it's crazy. So but we went to Crater Lake and we drove through the redwoods. It was it was beautiful. The west coast is beautiful, it's worth seeing so but san Francisco bay was we rented we rented bikes and just around san Francisco that's pretty. So
actually it's very different out there. They have the big cities. Portland was a dump. I did not like Portland at all. Seattle was interesting. Um Yeah yeah I don't know it's just different but there are no there aren't a whole lot of big cities so it's really Seattle then Portland then there's really no big cities in northern California. It's all these little until you get to san Francisco so that I can't remember the name of the city. It was kind of a small city in the very north corner of California was really pretty right on the water but I don't remember the name of it sorry. But
I was actually one of the big things that surprised that's where all the signs for what to do if there was an earthquake because they're afraid of. Like they have like we have tornado warnings, they have tsunami warnings and so they have a siren set up for that. So it just it struck me as funny like in the bathrooms there were big red signs that said what to do if there was an earthquake because of the tsunamis.
it just
it is um Oregon. A lot of Oregon was farmland. And that was kind of funny too because um as you crater Lake is in uh rockies and so as you're coming down from the rockies and it's like you can totally see why the pioneers came across the rockies and said Oregon, this is where we're stopping because rockies and then land for miles. So that was all farmland, everything's all and stuff and they have signs, you know blueberries and all the different things that they're growing. So that was really pretty. But California was mostly wooded. The redwood forests and stuff as coy as pretty in their own way.
That
is hard.
Well and money. Time and money tired. I get that.
we're
both on prolific for a reason so
and that's fine, you know? But yeah, it's definitely worth if you have a chance to get out there, but you know There until I was in my 40s. So you've got time.
Did you do any vacationing as a child? To see stuff like her?
Yeah. It is very different on the west coast. I drove through texas once. It is so flat. Yeah
but it's worth seeing you know it's I wouldn't I never want to move to texas but it's worth seeing you know to go to visit so.
No it's not. I've considerate Island a couple of times. I don't know if you're an anesthetic tables
person
or not.
I'm
a big fan. You have to go to Prince Edward Island. It's so pretty mm.
Nothing not the netflix when I haven't in the old one as well. The one that came out when I was a kid I've seen over and over and over again. But with me You ever seen that 1?
That's
dark?
I didn't watch the Netflix one because everybody said it was so dark and I didn't want to ruin the story.
And no, I haven't, I I saw the previous for it. I didn't realize it had come out the new one that just came out.
You
like it? You did.
That and
I had seen the preview for the new Secret Garden, but I haven't seen that one either. So
yeah, it has Colin firth in it as the father. Um, so I would like to see that one, but I haven't, I don't even know if it's come out yet or not. I just saw the preview for it, so I'm not sure.
yeah. So anyway,
okay. I didn't, isn't that terrible? We're not big Disney fans, so,
yeah, no, my kids are more um, uh, right now they're downstairs watching the long, long holiday which is um it's a cartoon, it was actually done in french originally but it's about it's uh it's six hours long but it's a cartoon about World War Two. And so uh these two little kids and how they get evacuated and um it's dubbed over in english but they tend to like more of those historical type in fact, so much long but sick. So they had started a couple of days ago while they were still not feeling well. So I'm letting them watch, I'm talking to you.
yeah, they pretend they also like Paddington bears. So you know, mr hands. So I think prolific said that there was a timer but I don't see it. You see it
if
you
I did as soon as I got it. Yeah,
I'm
afraid
I would think so. Let me see. Oh My timer says 30 minutes.
Are
you
on the other? Are you on the my I just checked the timer on the other link. The link.
Yeah, mine. 30 minutes and 48 seconds. So I think that we are done.
It
was nice talking to you. It's nice to meet you Amanda. So, good luck in college and
drive
safe
and
thank you.