SPEAKER_L: Yes, I'm still really
SPEAKER_R: Hey, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: uh here as well.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's kind of choppy. Let me see, you just doing it. I think it's all right. So how
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: are you doing today? Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: uh no, this is actually my first time doing one of these.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, awesome. Um I've done a couple before, but the last like, three have not showed up, so
SPEAKER_L: wow! More chris. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so it's kind of a crapshoot, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually showed up like 10 minutes early and went, Oh wait, I probably just going to have to wait so I'll just come back a little bit later and hopefully that doesn't affect anything too much.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, now it works, it works.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, it's for
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: like, how's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: your week been? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in college right now and everything is really busy due to Covid, so I'm just wait after this, I'm just going to probably have to do a bunch of assignments, but you know, the usual.
SPEAKER_R: Are you are you all online right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, everything's online. Yeah, I go to UC Davis, so I'm pretty sure like all
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the UCS pretty much just that, that the whole year was going to be online, so yeah, it's not really a big deal, I don't mind it particularly, but a lot of professors are giving a lot more work because of it. So it's kind of like pros and cons ling.
SPEAKER_R: that's sad because I'm trying to go back to school and I was hoping online classes would be easier, so I hope they don't get the hang of making them more difficult now.
SPEAKER_L: I think it kind of just depends on the university are specifically got more difficult because our chancellor wanted to put more emphasis on homework and just giving like percentage points to like just giving assignments were like it wasn't all based on exams because typically like use these are very like exam orientated to like everything is just your whole entire grades just based on exams. But because the chancellor wanted to put emphasis on other things, I feel like professors are overcompensating a little bit too much and giving us a lot more work than it's realistic for us.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's kind of a bummer. But yeah, I live in a college town
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: I used
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: to go to school and they did things like half online. Some students might have all their classes online, some might have one or two on campus, and they already have a ton of covid cases and they locked down two of the dorms and they're huge dorms. And so everyone and they're supposed to be quarantined, but they don't have anybody policing it. So they don't have security guards or anything. So like the kids are still having visitors over And yeah, it's not good. Like we'll drive around the college at night and there's just like hordes of kids like in groups of 10 and 20, like all huddled together and no masks, like you chicks, you're the ones doing it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm back at, I'm actually back at my college town to Davis and I've seen just while I've been like walking around doing grocery shopping, just people without masses just all over downtown And I'm like what is wrong with you? Can you just stop? And it just makes me so uncomfortable. Like I get it, I get it occasionally like when I'm biking because Davis is pretty suburban, so like there's not a lot of people. So like usually generally speaking there is only one person a block and if I'm biking through and I see like one person making a walk down the street, I'm like okay, you know what, that's fine because usually it's not gonna be anybody like, like if they pull their mask down to whatever, but I see a downtown, I'm just like what is wrong with you? Stop?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I am in a big outdoors, you play. So a lot of people write their bikes and go on trails and I went on a trail um not
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: too long ago and you'll pass like five people every few seconds and no one's wearing masks and it's like, well if someone like sneezes or coughs a little like right before you go into their sneeze cloud, that seems like a time you should probably wear a mask. But yeah, I don't know. It's kind of scary.
SPEAKER_L: No, most definitely. I mean especially since how, you know the country's handling things overall, I have a lot of um in my classes, there's a lot of like international students who have kind of moved back to the old country and they often like when we get into group projects and stuff like that, they're like, oh, how's it going? And I'm like not great, how are you guys doing? They're like, oh no, we're like, everything's fine now, we're still wearing passes, but we kind of like are able to go out now and kind of just like hang out, but like semi distance and I was like, that's great. Mm
SPEAKER_R: Wouldn't that be great if people like cared about each other enough to be safe, then we wouldn't have to do this forever? Yeah. You know,
SPEAKER_L: spark.
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting how other countries are handling it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's also kind of just disappointing overall, but it's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is,
SPEAKER_L: kind of like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: happy I live in a place where most people are pretty good about it. Um There's still like a few wackos where they'll just start fights with people who are wearing masks, like someone in a grocery
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: store by me got punched in the face for asking someone to put a mask on and just Yeah, I thought that only happened like in the States where they weren't a fan of it, but I guess it happens everywhere, so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I haven't seen any of that happened either, but I would be very, I don't know. I feel like if I saw somebody with that basket, I feel like I would be able to tell them to put it all with just like fear of that because I feel like if they're already not putting out the vast, they probably already have
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: their own
SPEAKER_R: running
SPEAKER_L: personal assumptions and I'm like, I don't want to deal with that even though it's probably like a not that great of mentality.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, A lot of the people who aren't wearing them are kind of looking for people to start a fight there, like I'm not going to wear a mask and wait for someone to try and fight me about it. So there's definitely people like that.
SPEAKER_L: awesome saying Oh my God. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have really, really bad asthma
SPEAKER_L: Tom
SPEAKER_R: and I live in one of the States that has a ton of wildfires going on right now, so I kind of just want to wear a mask for the end of time now because it's so much nicer to breathe and then like no one can see my face and if I don't want to smile the cashier, I don't have to. So like there's perks, you know, I feel
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: it's not the worst thing.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely agree with that part because often when I go out just to grocery shop or whatever, I'm listening to a podcast or whatever and like inevitably I'll end up with like a smile on my face, which kind of just looks, I imagine looks really weird to people who are just like, because I have really long hair too. So it definitely just covers my headphones. So I'm just like smiling really like trying like laughing at myself in the middle of the grocery store and I'm like, now I have a mask, I'm like I can do whatever I was,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. You can.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so much more freedom with my expression just in public. I don't know, I feel like I'm more just a bit more anxious person. I like tend to worry about what I don't think people think about me too much. Like kind of this mass helps me just like kind of, I feel more concealed, I just feel more comfortable like going outside and just doing my daily activities.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I like it. I kind of have the opposite problem or like my resting face looks really like angry or sad or something so I'm like now no one thinks I'm angry when I'm not, it's great so you just get to relax.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah. How has your time's been outside of school?
SPEAKER_L: I am trying really hard to find time for myself, I've just never experienced or it's weird, I feel like I've never studied as hard as I ever have, so right now, I'm like how do I kind of balanced this? Which is kind of weird because I think a part of it is just like my personal sleep schedule because I kind of, it's pretty bad. I like wake up at like 11 or 12 so I don't finish a lot of my work until like nine. So like I technically have like a night ahead of me, it's like two a.m. But it doesn't feel like it, I feel like I would feel like I would have more time if I just woke up early and started my work early and just finished early, then I would feel like I have more of a night, but so I am my old
SPEAKER_R: Kind
SPEAKER_L: worst enemy
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: in every way.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. It took me a long time to adapt my sleep schedule to like normal people's because I would be the eid sleep to like three p.m. In high school and eventually I just started waking up it's like seven and then I'd wake up
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: and like
SPEAKER_L: to know?
SPEAKER_R: immediately try to do something productive like go for a run or something. So now if I sleep into like nine I've got like guilt and like oh my gosh my day is wasted. So I'm not saying like that's the best way to do it is to guilt yourself into it. But I will say like it does feel like you have more time in the day when you wake up sons up everything.
SPEAKER_L: I think a part of it is also, I think it's part of it's kind of really dependent on like my hobby because I play video games a lot and a lot of my friends stay up really late and if I wake up early I'm like nobody makes up this early to play games with me. So it's like, oh, everybody's like steak up to play games. I want to play games with other people. And now I end up staying late because of that reason.
SPEAKER_R: Just make friends with people overseas and then you can game
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: in the morning and it'll be nighttime there.
SPEAKER_L: That would be like painting.
SPEAKER_R: I get your struggle because I play games too
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: and thankfully everyone else around me as an old fart now too and they want to play it like seven PM and stop at eight. But yeah, I just, I won't stay up late anymore to play games and like I just feel like crap if I do that.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like eventually as I get older probably just won't be able to do it anymore. I don't know. I already feel like I'm kind of getting old. Like I feel like this because of covid mainly I haven't been able to like exercise as much. When I was still back in my parents house, they had like a um like a treadmill. So I was at least able to do that. But I recently moved back to my college apartment so I could like focus more on my studies because I'm still paying for an apartment and none of my housemates are coming back, so I'm like, I might as well have like an empty apartment to myself and kind of just learn how to adult a little bit more before I like graduate and everything. So yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: a good thing to do.
SPEAKER_L: like, I was thinking about like, maybe I would just like get ring fit adventure on the switch or something to kind of just like ease me back into it. I'm terrible exercise, like terrible stamping I want, honestly, I'm gonna like die at 30 by keep acting like this, so I'm like, I really need to like get my shit together. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how safe it is to go running or anything like that. I'm kind of like you like I have terrible stamina, I was never good at running, but I just decided to force myself to do it and see if I could do a five K run and I did eventually, but running never stopped sucking, I'll be honest, so like we feel it would be good. Just find something that's fun to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely, because I think my main problem right now it's just like being little like motivate myself to go outside. I don't know, I just kind of have that problem right now, we're just like, I don't want to go outside and I'm like, okay if I don't want to go outside, how am I going to incorporate like somewhat of an exercise while I'm at home and then at the same time, like, I don't want to spend too much money, but then I'm like, well just kind of that weird in between part of it is just like, also like, oh well I have time and I'm like, if I make time I'll probably, you have time. I don't know, I think
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I've expressed by time. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Me too. Yeah, I don't even have like a lot going on, but Yeah, being in school, I don't know, I think it is almost better for you to just like focus on school and not even try to exercise or do things you feel like you should do, just do things that you know will make you feel better going outside. Makes me feel a lot better if I just go sit on my patio for like 10 minutes, I'm in a better mood. Some people don't like being outside, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely
SPEAKER_R: It just
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: depends.
SPEAKER_L: like I'm the type of person who does like going outside, but I just have to like get myself and push myself out there. I think the other problem right now is just that it's really fucking hot right now. I really hate feeling like a sweaty because I sweat really, really easily as well. Like I'm indoors and even to like 80 something degrees. I just start like swelled like it just puddles everywhere. So it's like,
SPEAKER_R: same.
SPEAKER_L: oh it's really hot outside. Oh no, if I have to walk a little bit of probably gonna sweating and that's like the older, I don't know. I probably felt like I'm just being lazy at this point though.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's, there's all kinds of obstacles. I'm a fellow sweaty lady. I get, it doesn't even have to be hot for me to sweat. Yeah, I don't know. Like I've gone to the gym a few times
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and it's kind of scary during covid, the gym is extra packed, so I don't know how it is around you, but like everybody was at the gym,
SPEAKER_L: I think our gyms
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: are still closed. I think my university's jim is like start like slowly starting to like open up. But like with like limited slots where you have to like make appointments or something. And then like everything is like super separated. So I don't know. But it's also kind of far away. So I definitely wouldn't go back down. I don't know. I just feel like I've never really liked actually. No, I like the bicycle machines. But I own a bike so I probably would just bike around myself instead.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'd say biking beats the gym anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Mm I love
SPEAKER_R: It's more
SPEAKER_L: biking.
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: It's actually like one of my bike for the first time in a while since my bike was at a I was here instead and I went to bike to the grocery store and halfway houses. Like my legs aren't moving anymore. And then I realized I was like, it is solved.
SPEAKER_R: is it far? Is it like a few miles?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, it was not, it wasn't even like far at all. It was like probably like a mile away. But then when I was coming back, I also had groceries on my handles,
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: so I
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: was like trying to balance everything and I'm just like definitely afraid of traffic for some reason. So I was just
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you should
SPEAKER_L: halfway
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: like walk like in the main street, I was like walking with my grocery on my bike because I was like, I don't want to like get into a car and I need to be able to not be able to control like my three bags of groceries. It was a whole thing. I came
SPEAKER_R: Should
SPEAKER_L: back.
SPEAKER_R: get yourself a nice
SPEAKER_L: That's been
SPEAKER_R: basket for your back wheel. Be a lot easier.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, the problem with that is that I unfortunately have a boy's bike because I'm like, really? I'm like only five ft tall, so I can't like fit any of the adult bikes without having to like,
SPEAKER_R: Me neither.
SPEAKER_L: like just reach for it. So I don't know like if that it will like fit onto my break. I think that was like the main concern when um because my parents are talking about like, why don't you just get a basket? I'm like, I don't know, it will fit because like the handles are kind of like short or like not as like long and stuff like that or like. Yeah, I don't know. I'll probably just get window
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have a kid's bike because I'm short
SPEAKER_L: has.
SPEAKER_R: too. Um I put my bike uh my basket on the back of my bike, like above the back wheel.
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: You just
SPEAKER_L: isn't that? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember what they're called, but it's like a rack and you attach it to the wheel and it just hovers above the wheel and then you put a basket on it. Yeah, because I used to carry all my crap in a backpack on my bike, and then I'm like, why does my back hurt all the time? Then I finally got like a $5 basket from Walmart, and life is better. You should do that.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely look
SPEAKER_R: it helps.
SPEAKER_L: into it all the because all of the ones I've looked at so far to have been like really expensive, I'm like why are you charging me like $30, for something like metal tin? I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: probably,
SPEAKER_R: kind of expensive.
SPEAKER_L: I'll probably looking like the used part of like sometimes like um there's like a university group was just like students in there, sometimes people will just like solder stuff, so I was kind of like looking there too. But so maybe we'll see. I'll probably get it from walmart though if I could find it and it's very cheap. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The actual rack you could maybe get on craigslist or a charity shop or something because the basket was like $4 at Walmart. Yeah, so if you get
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: a rack that's expensive part. But yeah, it's a lot nicer. Life is better. Right.
SPEAKER_L: of smelling I had a because usually I go grocery shopping with my housemates, like I've never had that problem, so we kind of just like all like we all just carry it together like whatever, but I definitely like went a little bit like more out than usual, that grocery shopping because I was just at a further grocery store and I was just like, oh you know what, I would just buy more than usual because I'm never going to go back this grocery store and then the Castros will give me like you good. And I was like, I don't know, you know what, It was fine, I made it back alive tired, but it was fine. It was actually,
SPEAKER_R: stronger
SPEAKER_L: I worked out,
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it worked out, got to balance my bike a little throughout the streets real especially slow, you know, it was a good experience.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm not brave enough to bike to the grocery store. We have too much traffic. I'd for sure get hit by a car. I don't even want to try it.
SPEAKER_L: even like when I go to, when I go on campus, I purposely chose a route that would like avoid cars. Like I go out of my way to avoid cars because I think it's more straightforward if I just go use the main street, but at one point I would have to make like left turn while I'm on the right side, I guess I have to kind of like murder
SPEAKER_R: Left turns
SPEAKER_L: cars and
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: just like, I'm fair for my life, I'll just make a couple more turns and I'll go out of my way instead. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do the safer
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: the program. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Especially around here, like there's a hill that I live on with a weird turn lane and like three times since I've lived here I've seen bikers get hit by people
SPEAKER_L: packed
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: room.
SPEAKER_R: into that turn lane, so it's kind of scared me away from that. People just don't watch out and they go too fast.
SPEAKER_L: So Oh yeah, my campus. There's so many roundabouts at this point when there's a lot of people, I just start walking them, I'm like, I'm not going to risk
SPEAKER_R: You should.
SPEAKER_L: my life. Like people like, I don't trust myself a little bit like people by really, really fast, I bike like baby average, maybe a little bit slower than average and I just not want to like go into, especially peak time, there's so many people in the roundabout people coming every direction. It just stresses me out too much. I just get off and I'm like, I'll just walk it, it's fine. I'm
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: already
SPEAKER_R: a good idea.
SPEAKER_L: early. I'm not like going to like risk anything because I also don't know how to drive, so I already don't exactly know how traffic works and I wasn't prepared to not know how traffic works. I was just like, people just let you get on a bike and like not you don't have to like learn anything and not like I got the first week I wrote a bike on the, on campus, I got pulled over by the cops, but like, not really. I was so I was, it was like my first week riding a bike, so I was like scared to take my hands off of the bike to signal, so I looked really carefully, but I did signal anything. So while I, like after I turned like the cop car, like slowly pulled next to people, like you need a signal next time I'm like, I know, I'm really sorry, I'm just, I'm just really afraid right now, they're like just do it next time. I was like okay, I'm so sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Was it? Campus police are actually
SPEAKER_L: I think, I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: think it was, it
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: office
SPEAKER_L: probably Catholics police. They were, I don't know, it was just like the same type of car, so I just, I was just too much stress the moment they like pulled up to be the items, like I didn't even notice, I was just like, I'm just so sorry, please don't, like I don't know what, I don't know what kind of repercussions happen here is like my first week on a bike.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, thankfully. I don't think they would take it you for something like that. But yeah, I get your overwhelmed. I have never ridden my bike in like big traffic even though everybody does it here. I'm just not going to because it's a big bike town like there's bike lanes everywhere but like especially a lot of out of town people come here to go to school and they don't understand, you're not supposed to drive in the bike lanes so they'll just pull into them like they think turn lights and stuff. So yeah, it's too scary. Too scary for me.
SPEAKER_L: oh wow, that's here. Yeah, I live in a bike town too, but I haven't, like, I haven't particularly noticed probably because I'm afraid of the cars and the cars are probably more afraid of me like running over a pedestrian,
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: but yet somehow I'm afraid I am so afraid of spiders. I don't know why. I'm just like, I like every time I see a smarter I would just like freeze, I like just internally start screaming and it's, I don't know what causes are fair, I just especially
SPEAKER_R: they're scary.
SPEAKER_L: bad like if they're smaller, like even like the really, really small ones, I'll have to call myself, feel like you have to kill it, you have to do it and then I have to like psych myself up and now I'm living apartment myself. So whatever. See spiders now. It's like a please don't run away from me. Just let me kill you. Or else I'm literally
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: going to start crying right here. Like I can't, if you disappear from my sight. I don't got this.
SPEAKER_R: I can't kill them very well. I'll like smash them with a shoe and they'll be just fine and then I'll smash him again. They'll just be happy skittering. So like I don't even trust myself to smash them. Like I'll just call my girlfriend in the room like, hey, can you come kill the spider for me? You're good at it because like if you see one on the ceiling and
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: then you look away and then you're like where that bitch go and then you just can't sleep in your bed that night, you know? Yeah, I'm a fan.
SPEAKER_L: When I was still have my parents, remember, Yeah. When I was still at was living or when I was still at my parents place, every time I see a smarter I would just start screaming for my parents. My parents just be like, why are you such a coward like this? Like why I just kill it? And I'll be like, I can't do it, I'm afraid. And yeah, it's a whole thing.
SPEAKER_R: Forget you will bite you. I'll do it.
SPEAKER_L: and I never want to have that experience. Oh no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I don't like any bugs. We've got a lot of bugs around here. Lot of garden snakes too. I'm not like I'm more scared of spiders and snakes though, to be honest.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. I think
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I told you, I don't think my Affair of Bugs is so irrational. Because as a kid, I remember being afraid of butterflies for some reason. Like I think
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it was just
SPEAKER_R: some people
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: they were just like flying and I feel like I don't know. I feel like they were just going to get on me or something. Which makes no sense because everybody loves identify
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: might
SPEAKER_L: like pretty. And they're like, you know, just I think it's just I don't like caterpillars because they kind of look kind of gross. So it may be like transferred. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: the same. They are the same
SPEAKER_L: caterpillars.
SPEAKER_R: flying caterpillars.
SPEAKER_L: I don't Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: I mean butterflies look kind of mean up close like their little faces. They're like just like any other bug. Honestly I get it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Bugs normal.
SPEAKER_R: But I do like butterfly pavilions. I will say that.
SPEAKER_L: I'll look from afar or from like a wall. But like without Yeah, I look from afar. Just don't get.
SPEAKER_R: From afar.
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Get that. Get that.
SPEAKER_L: cute though. I do like animals still, but just not bugs. I really want a cat. But everybody in my life is allergic, so or doesn't want one so I can't get it. And my mom was
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: just like uh and then my housemates, like, I'm definitely allergic to the same. Please do not. I'm like, I will not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I appreciate that. They probably like breathing and not being itchy. Yeah. Well I mean are you like a freshman
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm a junior.
SPEAKER_R: junior? Okay. So you'll probably like graduate. Get your own place soon. Get all the Cat C one,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: do what you want.
SPEAKER_L: if it's just like how expensive there will be. And I don't know, I'm just worried about my future right now. Especially since almost graduating right now with Covid, I need to like add something to do with my experience. I have to like get kind of get an internship to have a little bit more experience because I really struggled. My first two years of college transition was terrible. I was like, what am I doing? I'm having a crisis. And then I felt
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: like all
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: my shit
SPEAKER_R: we have
SPEAKER_L: together
SPEAKER_R: been there.
SPEAKER_L: the second year. But the things that I haven't done like anything that helps our resume experiences, like I I haven't like, well I've had a job, I had a job in like high school so but like that was basically like the last thing I've done is like two years ago so it looks kind of empty right now. So I'm really hoping to get an internship, boost my resume a little bit and pray they'll get a job. I don't know, job hunting just sounds so like scary and like I just don't, I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: won't lie to you. I get so much anxiety just filling out resumes and applications and sending them. It's like torture just to send them out. But our internships easy to get for your major. Are
SPEAKER_L: I found
SPEAKER_R: they common?
SPEAKER_L: I would say that actually the one that I'm currently looking at, I feel like I'm somewhat qualified for, so I'm having good hopes there because um I met economics and communications major and I've been looking into this internship that basically helps low income people like with financial literacy and help with um filing their taxes for them. And I recently just token public finance classes. This is um like it kind of interesting, we deal with a lot of people, which is good because I'm in a communications major and I kind of worked at grassroots. I'm really used to dealing with many different types of people with like all types of background. So I feel like that is what they might feel like the most qualified for other than like baby, like human resources and that kind of stuff. So I have confidence for this one, which is good right
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: Good luck with it. Hope it works out.
SPEAKER_L: Hope you Tina. Oh yeah. You were talking about going, trying to go back into school, like were you in school before? Like, were you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I've had a weird five years. Um I started at the college by me in computer science and I started having like ankle pain and it just kind of came out of nowhere and it was weird, I was active and I thought it was tendonitis, but it got worse and worse in six months after it started, I had to use a wheelchair and so it's been a really weird wild ride, but basically like there was probably two years where I couldn't walk at all and it's gotten better. Um But Gosh, I left school in 2016 and I have like three semesters left, so I want to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: back some day before I forget. Everything would be good. Yeah, and then I'll get an internship to hopefully. But yeah, I get that gap in the resume, I'm like, what am I going to do about that? It's going to be kind
SPEAKER_L: say,
SPEAKER_R: of weird, but
SPEAKER_L: I feel like usually they are, I don't know if it's usually, but I feel like they might ask about that and I feel like if you told them your circumstances, it probably would be good. Well, but it's a message you were super close to graduating actually.
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: Well, we're like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: cut
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: up. I think we're kind of like the same jute well, yeah, because I have like a year and like two more quarters, so we're kind of, we're kind of in the same place. I used to be a community
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: speaker at 1.2 and then I realized that it was too much stress for B. I kind of had like,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: yeah, every time I had a project I would be like, I have to do all my like assignment and event and believe at least like five whole days to do them and it was just a little bit too much for my mentality and I was just I just wasn't enjoying it as much and I just realized I really like social scientists instead. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. He made a smart choice. Like I will say it's super stressful and I'm one of the dummies in the class
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: so it
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: takes me a long time to do it. But
SPEAKER_L: I don't believe
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: leaving yourself five days. It's like is this project going to take five hours or is it going to take 30 hours? Who knows?
SPEAKER_L: usually
SPEAKER_R: So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: all of the above including all nighters and just yeah halfway in tears while you're finishing it and it's
SPEAKER_R: get back there one day.
SPEAKER_L: and I think the main concern for me was I kind of it's just that I found out to see us interviews have like a like you have to co during the interview and
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: scary.
SPEAKER_L: just went it's too much pressure that I can never deal with so I will just scoot away from this. I just not just not. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I've been thinking about other options. Like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: if it's not good for my health to be under that stress, like what else can I do? But I don't really know what else would be as easy to get a job in for me, his computer science. So choices, but I'll figure that out when I go back I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. When I was considering like leaving out of computer science, I've had people like recommend me like things that were like kind of close to computer science so like cox I instead or like stuff that was like kind of relating. So maybe you'll find something like yo that you're like maybe like doing CS. But I was like a project manager. I think one of my friends who was like who's in CS but isn't really that into like coding. She got like a job as a project manager where she just manages the people who are like coding instead and just like tells them like how to do the project. I don't know. That might be something that you can go with
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: food
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: stamps.
SPEAKER_R: about that. I need to I need much better people skills to be honest. I have to work on those but getting prolific alarms all over. I have like an extension to tell me when there's new studies. It's really annoying.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Do you?
SPEAKER_L: used to have the man who would just be like you have a new like thing, but then I realized it kept interrupting me while I was in class. So I just changed it to the day.
SPEAKER_R: that's not good. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I was just like the first time I also just had it just like spooked me when the like robot man started speaking like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: have a thing
SPEAKER_R: loud
SPEAKER_L: and I was like holy shit, where is this coming from?
SPEAKER_R: I know I was watching a movie last night and it was like quite an emotional and then he's yelling at me in british that there's a new study. I'm like I don't need that right now. Sorry
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It is a great like sole source of income. I'm surprised like how well this thing like this specific one pays for though. I was like 1750. I was like Holy Shit. I recently also just got like um I got an iPad so I was just like, this is gonna go towards my funds right there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well hopefully you can get more of these. They didn't last one in a few weeks ago and it was like $14 so they pay better now. But yeah I think I said like three have not shown up and so it's been like three not showing up, three did show up. So it depends. But like when you get them it is really good. Easy money. Most people have been really awesome talk to. So good stuff. Yeah. I'll let you get back to your studies or whatever you may be
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: today.
SPEAKER_L: thank you so
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: We had a nice
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: conference.
SPEAKER_R: to you.
SPEAKER_L: You too. I hope everything works out for you were the college and everything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. And the spiders.
SPEAKER_L: I hope we get out of this pandemic suits. Stay safe. Goodbye.