Yes, I'm still really
uh here as well.
well,
uh no, this is actually my first time doing one of these.
wow! More chris. Yeah.
Yeah, I actually showed up like 10 minutes early and went, Oh wait, I probably just going to have to wait so I'll just come back a little bit later and hopefully that doesn't affect anything too much.
Okay, it's for
you,
you
I'm in college right now and everything is really busy due to Covid, so I'm just wait after this, I'm just going to probably have to do a bunch of assignments, but you know, the usual.
Yeah, everything's online. Yeah, I go to UC Davis, so I'm pretty sure like all
the UCS pretty much just that, that the whole year was going to be online, so yeah, it's not really a big deal, I don't mind it particularly, but a lot of professors are giving a lot more work because of it. So it's kind of like pros and cons ling.
I think it kind of just depends on the university are specifically got more difficult because our chancellor wanted to put more emphasis on homework and just giving like percentage points to like just giving assignments were like it wasn't all based on exams because typically like use these are very like exam orientated to like everything is just your whole entire grades just based on exams. But because the chancellor wanted to put emphasis on other things, I feel like professors are overcompensating a little bit too much and giving us a lot more work than it's realistic for us.
I
don't
know.
Yeah, I'm back at, I'm actually back at my college town to Davis and I've seen just while I've been like walking around doing grocery shopping, just people without masses just all over downtown And I'm like what is wrong with you? Can you just stop? And it just makes me so uncomfortable. Like I get it, I get it occasionally like when I'm biking because Davis is pretty suburban, so like there's not a lot of people. So like usually generally speaking there is only one person a block and if I'm biking through and I see like one person making a walk down the street, I'm like okay, you know what, that's fine because usually it's not gonna be anybody like, like if they pull their mask down to whatever, but I see a downtown, I'm just like what is wrong with you? Stop?
All
No, most definitely. I mean especially since how, you know the country's handling things overall, I have a lot of um in my classes, there's a lot of like international students who have kind of moved back to the old country and they often like when we get into group projects and stuff like that, they're like, oh, how's it going? And I'm like not great, how are you guys doing? They're like, oh no, we're like, everything's fine now, we're still wearing passes, but we kind of like are able to go out now and kind of just like hang out, but like semi distance and I was like, that's great. Mm
spark.
Mhm. It's also kind of just disappointing overall, but it's
kind of like
that.
I'm
yeah, I haven't seen any of that happened either, but I would be very, I don't know. I feel like if I saw somebody with that basket, I feel like I would be able to tell them to put it all with just like fear of that because I feel like if they're already not putting out the vast, they probably already have
their own
personal assumptions and I'm like, I don't want to deal with that even though it's probably like a not that great of mentality.
awesome saying Oh my God. Yeah.
Tom
I don't
know.
I definitely agree with that part because often when I go out just to grocery shop or whatever, I'm listening to a podcast or whatever and like inevitably I'll end up with like a smile on my face, which kind of just looks, I imagine looks really weird to people who are just like, because I have really long hair too. So it definitely just covers my headphones. So I'm just like smiling really like trying like laughing at myself in the middle of the grocery store and I'm like, now I have a mask, I'm like I can do whatever I was,
I'm so much more freedom with my expression just in public. I don't know, I feel like I'm more just a bit more anxious person. I like tend to worry about what I don't think people think about me too much. Like kind of this mass helps me just like kind of, I feel more concealed, I just feel more comfortable like going outside and just doing my daily activities.
definitely.
I am trying really hard to find time for myself, I've just never experienced or it's weird, I feel like I've never studied as hard as I ever have, so right now, I'm like how do I kind of balanced this? Which is kind of weird because I think a part of it is just like my personal sleep schedule because I kind of, it's pretty bad. I like wake up at like 11 or 12 so I don't finish a lot of my work until like nine. So like I technically have like a night ahead of me, it's like two a.m. But it doesn't feel like it, I feel like I would feel like I would have more time if I just woke up early and started my work early and just finished early, then I would feel like I have more of a night, but so I am my old
worst enemy
in every way.
want
to know?
I think a part of it is also, I think it's part of it's kind of really dependent on like my hobby because I play video games a lot and a lot of my friends stay up really late and if I wake up early I'm like nobody makes up this early to play games with me. So it's like, oh, everybody's like steak up to play games. I want to play games with other people. And now I end up staying late because of that reason.
True.
That would be like painting.
Bye.
I feel like eventually as I get older probably just won't be able to do it anymore. I don't know. I already feel like I'm kind of getting old. Like I feel like this because of covid mainly I haven't been able to like exercise as much. When I was still back in my parents house, they had like a um like a treadmill. So I was at least able to do that. But I recently moved back to my college apartment so I could like focus more on my studies because I'm still paying for an apartment and none of my housemates are coming back, so I'm like, I might as well have like an empty apartment to myself and kind of just learn how to adult a little bit more before I like graduate and everything. So yeah, I
was
like, I was thinking about like, maybe I would just like get ring fit adventure on the switch or something to kind of just like ease me back into it. I'm terrible exercise, like terrible stamping I want, honestly, I'm gonna like die at 30 by keep acting like this, so I'm like, I really need to like get my shit together. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely, because I think my main problem right now it's just like being little like motivate myself to go outside. I don't know, I just kind of have that problem right now, we're just like, I don't want to go outside and I'm like, okay if I don't want to go outside, how am I going to incorporate like somewhat of an exercise while I'm at home and then at the same time, like, I don't want to spend too much money, but then I'm like, well just kind of that weird in between part of it is just like, also like, oh well I have time and I'm like, if I make time I'll probably, you have time. I don't know, I think
I've expressed by time. Yeah. Yeah,
I definitely
feel
like I'm the type of person who does like going outside, but I just have to like get myself and push myself out there. I think the other problem right now is just that it's really fucking hot right now. I really hate feeling like a sweaty because I sweat really, really easily as well. Like I'm indoors and even to like 80 something degrees. I just start like swelled like it just puddles everywhere. So it's like,
oh it's really hot outside. Oh no, if I have to walk a little bit of probably gonna sweating and that's like the older, I don't know. I probably felt like I'm just being lazy at this point though.
And
I think our gyms
are still closed. I think my university's jim is like start like slowly starting to like open up. But like with like limited slots where you have to like make appointments or something. And then like everything is like super separated. So I don't know. But it's also kind of far away. So I definitely wouldn't go back down. I don't know. I just feel like I've never really liked actually. No, I like the bicycle machines. But I own a bike so I probably would just bike around myself instead.
Mm I love
biking.
It's actually like one of my bike for the first time in a while since my bike was at a I was here instead and I went to bike to the grocery store and halfway houses. Like my legs aren't moving anymore. And then I realized I was like, it is solved.
Oh no, it was not, it wasn't even like far at all. It was like probably like a mile away. But then when I was coming back, I also had groceries on my handles,
so I
was like trying to balance everything and I'm just like definitely afraid of traffic for some reason. So I was just
like
halfway
like walk like in the main street, I was like walking with my grocery on my bike because I was like, I don't want to like get into a car and I need to be able to not be able to control like my three bags of groceries. It was a whole thing. I came
back.
That's been
Oh, the problem with that is that I unfortunately have a boy's bike because I'm like, really? I'm like only five ft tall, so I can't like fit any of the adult bikes without having to like,
like just reach for it. So I don't know like if that it will like fit onto my break. I think that was like the main concern when um because my parents are talking about like, why don't you just get a basket? I'm like, I don't know, it will fit because like the handles are kind of like short or like not as like long and stuff like that or like. Yeah, I don't know. I'll probably just get window
has.
Who
isn't that? Mhm.
Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely look
into it all the because all of the ones I've looked at so far to have been like really expensive, I'm like why are you charging me like $30, for something like metal tin? I don't
know.
I'll
probably,
I'll probably looking like the used part of like sometimes like um there's like a university group was just like students in there, sometimes people will just like solder stuff, so I was kind of like looking there too. But so maybe we'll see. I'll probably get it from walmart though if I could find it and it's very cheap. Okay.
One.
of smelling I had a because usually I go grocery shopping with my housemates, like I've never had that problem, so we kind of just like all like we all just carry it together like whatever, but I definitely like went a little bit like more out than usual, that grocery shopping because I was just at a further grocery store and I was just like, oh you know what, I would just buy more than usual because I'm never going to go back this grocery store and then the Castros will give me like you good. And I was like, I don't know, you know what, It was fine, I made it back alive tired, but it was fine. It was actually,
I worked out,
yeah, it worked out, got to balance my bike a little throughout the streets real especially slow, you know, it was a good experience.
even like when I go to, when I go on campus, I purposely chose a route that would like avoid cars. Like I go out of my way to avoid cars because I think it's more straightforward if I just go use the main street, but at one point I would have to make like left turn while I'm on the right side, I guess I have to kind of like murder
cars and
I was
just like, I'm fair for my life, I'll just make a couple more turns and I'll go out of my way instead. Yeah.
With
the program. Yeah.
packed
room.
So Oh yeah, my campus. There's so many roundabouts at this point when there's a lot of people, I just start walking them, I'm like, I'm not going to risk
my life. Like people like, I don't trust myself a little bit like people by really, really fast, I bike like baby average, maybe a little bit slower than average and I just not want to like go into, especially peak time, there's so many people in the roundabout people coming every direction. It just stresses me out too much. I just get off and I'm like, I'll just walk it, it's fine. I'm
already
early. I'm not like going to like risk anything because I also don't know how to drive, so I already don't exactly know how traffic works and I wasn't prepared to not know how traffic works. I was just like, people just let you get on a bike and like not you don't have to like learn anything and not like I got the first week I wrote a bike on the, on campus, I got pulled over by the cops, but like, not really. I was so I was, it was like my first week riding a bike, so I was like scared to take my hands off of the bike to signal, so I looked really carefully, but I did signal anything. So while I, like after I turned like the cop car, like slowly pulled next to people, like you need a signal next time I'm like, I know, I'm really sorry, I'm just, I'm just really afraid right now, they're like just do it next time. I was like okay, I'm so sorry,
I think, I
think it was, it
was
probably Catholics police. They were, I don't know, it was just like the same type of car, so I just, I was just too much stress the moment they like pulled up to be the items, like I didn't even notice, I was just like, I'm just so sorry, please don't, like I don't know what, I don't know what kind of repercussions happen here is like my first week on a bike.
oh wow, that's here. Yeah, I live in a bike town too, but I haven't, like, I haven't particularly noticed probably because I'm afraid of the cars and the cars are probably more afraid of me like running over a pedestrian,
but yet somehow I'm afraid I am so afraid of spiders. I don't know why. I'm just like, I like every time I see a smarter I would just like freeze, I like just internally start screaming and it's, I don't know what causes are fair, I just especially
bad like if they're smaller, like even like the really, really small ones, I'll have to call myself, feel like you have to kill it, you have to do it and then I have to like psych myself up and now I'm living apartment myself. So whatever. See spiders now. It's like a please don't run away from me. Just let me kill you. Or else I'm literally
going to start crying right here. Like I can't, if you disappear from my sight. I don't got this.
my
When I was still have my parents, remember, Yeah. When I was still at was living or when I was still at my parents place, every time I see a smarter I would just start screaming for my parents. My parents just be like, why are you such a coward like this? Like why I just kill it? And I'll be like, I can't do it, I'm afraid. And yeah, it's a whole thing.
and I never want to have that experience. Oh no. Yeah.
That's awesome.
Mm hmm. I think
I told you, I don't think my Affair of Bugs is so irrational. Because as a kid, I remember being afraid of butterflies for some reason. Like I think
it was just
like
they were just like flying and I feel like I don't know. I feel like they were just going to get on me or something. Which makes no sense because everybody loves identify
so
like pretty. And they're like, you know, just I think it's just I don't like caterpillars because they kind of look kind of gross. So it may be like transferred. I don't know.
I don't
know,
caterpillars.
I don't Oh my God.
yeah, Bugs normal.
I'll look from afar or from like a wall. But like without Yeah, I look from afar. Just don't get.
It's just
cute though. I do like animals still, but just not bugs. I really want a cat. But everybody in my life is allergic, so or doesn't want one so I can't get it. And my mom was
just like uh and then my housemates, like, I'm definitely allergic to the same. Please do not. I'm like, I will not.
Oh, I'm a junior.
But
if it's just like how expensive there will be. And I don't know, I'm just worried about my future right now. Especially since almost graduating right now with Covid, I need to like add something to do with my experience. I have to like get kind of get an internship to have a little bit more experience because I really struggled. My first two years of college transition was terrible. I was like, what am I doing? I'm having a crisis. And then I felt
like all
my shit
together
the second year. But the things that I haven't done like anything that helps our resume experiences, like I I haven't like, well I've had a job, I had a job in like high school so but like that was basically like the last thing I've done is like two years ago so it looks kind of empty right now. So I'm really hoping to get an internship, boost my resume a little bit and pray they'll get a job. I don't know, job hunting just sounds so like scary and like I just don't, I don't
know.
I found
I would say that actually the one that I'm currently looking at, I feel like I'm somewhat qualified for, so I'm having good hopes there because um I met economics and communications major and I've been looking into this internship that basically helps low income people like with financial literacy and help with um filing their taxes for them. And I recently just token public finance classes. This is um like it kind of interesting, we deal with a lot of people, which is good because I'm in a communications major and I kind of worked at grassroots. I'm really used to dealing with many different types of people with like all types of background. So I feel like that is what they might feel like the most qualified for other than like baby, like human resources and that kind of stuff. So I have confidence for this one, which is good right
now.
Hope you Tina. Oh yeah. You were talking about going, trying to go back into school, like were you in school before? Like, were you?
I
don't
say,
I feel like usually they are, I don't know if it's usually, but I feel like they might ask about that and I feel like if you told them your circumstances, it probably would be good. Well, but it's a message you were super close to graduating actually.
Well, we're like
cut
up. I think we're kind of like the same jute well, yeah, because I have like a year and like two more quarters, so we're kind of, we're kind of in the same place. I used to be a community
speaker at 1.2 and then I realized that it was too much stress for B. I kind of had like,
yeah, every time I had a project I would be like, I have to do all my like assignment and event and believe at least like five whole days to do them and it was just a little bit too much for my mentality and I was just I just wasn't enjoying it as much and I just realized I really like social scientists instead. Yes.
I
I feel
I don't believe
you
usually
all of the above including all nighters and just yeah halfway in tears while you're finishing it and it's
and I think the main concern for me was I kind of it's just that I found out to see us interviews have like a like you have to co during the interview and
I
just went it's too much pressure that I can never deal with so I will just scoot away from this. I just not just not. Yes.
What?
Yeah, definitely. When I was considering like leaving out of computer science, I've had people like recommend me like things that were like kind of close to computer science so like cox I instead or like stuff that was like kind of relating. So maybe you'll find something like yo that you're like maybe like doing CS. But I was like a project manager. I think one of my friends who was like who's in CS but isn't really that into like coding. She got like a job as a project manager where she just manages the people who are like coding instead and just like tells them like how to do the project. I don't know. That might be something that you can go with
food
stamps.
I
used to have the man who would just be like you have a new like thing, but then I realized it kept interrupting me while I was in class. So I just changed it to the day.
I was just like the first time I also just had it just like spooked me when the like robot man started speaking like
you
have a thing
and I was like holy shit, where is this coming from?
Mhm. It is a great like sole source of income. I'm surprised like how well this thing like this specific one pays for though. I was like 1750. I was like Holy Shit. I recently also just got like um I got an iPad so I was just like, this is gonna go towards my funds right there. Mhm.
No,
I think
thank you so
much.
We had a nice
conference.
You too. I hope everything works out for you were the college and everything.
I hope we get out of this pandemic suits. Stay safe. Goodbye.