Hey, can you hear me?
Um It's kind of choppy. Let me see, you just doing it. I think it's all right. So how
are you doing today? Have you done one of these before?
Oh, awesome. Um I've done a couple before, but the last like, three have not showed up, so
so it's kind of a crapshoot, but
yeah, now it works, it works.
So
like, how's
your week been? Yeah.
Are you are you all online right now?
What?
that's sad because I'm trying to go back to school and I was hoping online classes would be easier, so I hope they don't get the hang of making them more difficult now.
Yeah, that's kind of a bummer. But yeah, I live in a college town
where
I used
to go to school and they did things like half online. Some students might have all their classes online, some might have one or two on campus, and they already have a ton of covid cases and they locked down two of the dorms and they're huge dorms. And so everyone and they're supposed to be quarantined, but they don't have anybody policing it. So they don't have security guards or anything. So like the kids are still having visitors over And yeah, it's not good. Like we'll drive around the college at night and there's just like hordes of kids like in groups of 10 and 20, like all huddled together and no masks, like you chicks, you're the ones doing it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I am in a big outdoors, you play. So a lot of people write their bikes and go on trails and I went on a trail um not
too long ago and you'll pass like five people every few seconds and no one's wearing masks and it's like, well if someone like sneezes or coughs a little like right before you go into their sneeze cloud, that seems like a time you should probably wear a mask. But yeah, I don't know. It's kind of scary.
Wouldn't that be great if people like cared about each other enough to be safe, then we wouldn't have to do this forever? Yeah. You know,
it's interesting how other countries are handling it.
Yeah. It is,
I'm
happy I live in a place where most people are pretty good about it. Um There's still like a few wackos where they'll just start fights with people who are wearing masks, like someone in a grocery
store by me got punched in the face for asking someone to put a mask on and just Yeah, I thought that only happened like in the States where they weren't a fan of it, but I guess it happens everywhere, so.
They're
running
Yeah, A lot of the people who aren't wearing them are kind of looking for people to start a fight there, like I'm not going to wear a mask and wait for someone to try and fight me about it. So there's definitely people like that.
I have really, really bad asthma
and I live in one of the States that has a ton of wildfires going on right now, so I kind of just want to wear a mask for the end of time now because it's so much nicer to breathe and then like no one can see my face and if I don't want to smile the cashier, I don't have to. So like there's perks, you know, I feel
like
it's not the worst thing.
Yeah. Right. You can.
Yeah I like it. I kind of have the opposite problem or like my resting face looks really like angry or sad or something so I'm like now no one thinks I'm angry when I'm not, it's great so you just get to relax.
But yeah. How has your time's been outside of school?
Kind
of.
Uh huh. Yeah. It took me a long time to adapt my sleep schedule to like normal people's because I would be the eid sleep to like three p.m. In high school and eventually I just started waking up it's like seven and then I'd wake up
and like
immediately try to do something productive like go for a run or something. So now if I sleep into like nine I've got like guilt and like oh my gosh my day is wasted. So I'm not saying like that's the best way to do it is to guilt yourself into it. But I will say like it does feel like you have more time in the day when you wake up sons up everything.
Just make friends with people overseas and then you can game
in the morning and it'll be nighttime there.
I get your struggle because I play games too
and thankfully everyone else around me as an old fart now too and they want to play it like seven PM and stop at eight. But yeah, I just, I won't stay up late anymore to play games and like I just feel like crap if I do that.
that's
a good thing to do.
I don't know how safe it is to go running or anything like that. I'm kind of like you like I have terrible stamina, I was never good at running, but I just decided to force myself to do it and see if I could do a five K run and I did eventually, but running never stopped sucking, I'll be honest, so like we feel it would be good. Just find something that's fun to do.
It's
Me too. Yeah, I don't even have like a lot going on, but Yeah, being in school, I don't know, I think it is almost better for you to just like focus on school and not even try to exercise or do things you feel like you should do, just do things that you know will make you feel better going outside. Makes me feel a lot better if I just go sit on my patio for like 10 minutes, I'm in a better mood. Some people don't like being outside, but I don't know.
It just
depends.
same.
No, it's, there's all kinds of obstacles. I'm a fellow sweaty lady. I get, it doesn't even have to be hot for me to sweat. Yeah, I don't know. Like I've gone to the gym a few times
and it's kind of scary during covid, the gym is extra packed, so I don't know how it is around you, but like everybody was at the gym,
so
Yeah, I'd say biking beats the gym anyway.
It's more
fun.
is it far? Is it like a few miles?
true,
True.
Well,
you should
be
Should
get yourself a nice
basket for your back wheel. Be a lot easier.
Me neither.
Yeah. I have a kid's bike because I'm short
too. Um I put my bike uh my basket on the back of my bike, like above the back wheel.
You just
I don't remember what they're called, but it's like a rack and you attach it to the wheel and it just hovers above the wheel and then you put a basket on it. Yeah, because I used to carry all my crap in a backpack on my bike, and then I'm like, why does my back hurt all the time? Then I finally got like a $5 basket from Walmart, and life is better. You should do that.
it helps.
I
know.
They're
kind of expensive.
Yeah. The actual rack you could maybe get on craigslist or a charity shop or something because the basket was like $4 at Walmart. Yeah, so if you get
a rack that's expensive part. But yeah, it's a lot nicer. Life is better. Right.
stronger
now.
Yeah. I'm not brave enough to bike to the grocery store. We have too much traffic. I'd for sure get hit by a car. I don't even want to try it.
Left turns
not
good.
Do the safer
way.
Especially around here, like there's a hill that I live on with a weird turn lane and like three times since I've lived here I've seen bikers get hit by people
going
into that turn lane, so it's kind of scared me away from that. People just don't watch out and they go too fast.
You should.
It's
a good idea.
Was it? Campus police are actually
like
this
office
Oh no, thankfully. I don't think they would take it you for something like that. But yeah, I get your overwhelmed. I have never ridden my bike in like big traffic even though everybody does it here. I'm just not going to because it's a big bike town like there's bike lanes everywhere but like especially a lot of out of town people come here to go to school and they don't understand, you're not supposed to drive in the bike lanes so they'll just pull into them like they think turn lights and stuff. So yeah, it's too scary. Too scary for me.
Like
they're scary.
I know
I can't kill them very well. I'll like smash them with a shoe and they'll be just fine and then I'll smash him again. They'll just be happy skittering. So like I don't even trust myself to smash them. Like I'll just call my girlfriend in the room like, hey, can you come kill the spider for me? You're good at it because like if you see one on the ceiling and
then you look away and then you're like where that bitch go and then you just can't sleep in your bed that night, you know? Yeah, I'm a fan.
Forget you will bite you. I'll do it.
No,
I don't like any bugs. We've got a lot of bugs around here. Lot of garden snakes too. I'm not like I'm more scared of spiders and snakes though, to be honest.
I don't know.
So
some people
are
that
might
they
are
the same. They are the same
flying caterpillars.
I mean butterflies look kind of mean up close like their little faces. They're like just like any other bug. Honestly I get it.
But I do like butterfly pavilions. I will say that.
From afar.
Yeah. Get that. Get that.
Well.
Yeah, I appreciate that. They probably like breathing and not being itchy. Yeah. Well I mean are you like a freshman
junior? Okay. So you'll probably like graduate. Get your own place soon. Get all the Cat C one,
do what you want.
They
were
we have
been there.
I
won't lie to you. I get so much anxiety just filling out resumes and applications and sending them. It's like torture just to send them out. But our internships easy to get for your major. Are
they common?
Nice.
Good luck with it. Hope it works out.
Um Yeah, I've had a weird five years. Um I started at the college by me in computer science and I started having like ankle pain and it just kind of came out of nowhere and it was weird, I was active and I thought it was tendonitis, but it got worse and worse in six months after it started, I had to use a wheelchair and so it's been a really weird wild ride, but basically like there was probably two years where I couldn't walk at all and it's gotten better. Um But Gosh, I left school in 2016 and I have like three semesters left, so I want to
get
back some day before I forget. Everything would be good. Yeah, and then I'll get an internship to hopefully. But yeah, I get that gap in the resume, I'm like, what am I going to do about that? It's going to be kind
of weird, but
I know,
I
know.
probably
And
Yeah. He made a smart choice. Like I will say it's super stressful and I'm one of the dummies in the class
so it
takes me a long time to do it. But
like
leaving yourself five days. It's like is this project going to take five hours or is it going to take 30 hours? Who knows?
So yeah.
get back there one day.
They're
scary.
I've been thinking about other options. Like
if it's not good for my health to be under that stress, like what else can I do? But I don't really know what else would be as easy to get a job in for me, his computer science. So choices, but I'll figure that out when I go back I guess.
I
thought
about that. I need to I need much better people skills to be honest. I have to work on those but getting prolific alarms all over. I have like an extension to tell me when there's new studies. It's really annoying.
Do you?
that's not good. Yeah
it's
so
loud
I know I was watching a movie last night and it was like quite an emotional and then he's yelling at me in british that there's a new study. I'm like I don't need that right now. Sorry
Yeah well hopefully you can get more of these. They didn't last one in a few weeks ago and it was like $14 so they pay better now. But yeah I think I said like three have not shown up and so it's been like three not showing up, three did show up. So it depends. But like when you get them it is really good. Easy money. Most people have been really awesome talk to. So good stuff. Yeah. I'll let you get back to your studies or whatever you may be
doing
today.
But
yeah, it's
talking
to you.
Yeah. You too. And the spiders.