SPEAKER_L: these five years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey fellas party. I'm sure that Yeah, I have a Yeah. Well that's not gonna work. Yes. Okay. Yeah. You know randi ready? Yeah. I really want to come in and see it for himself by pushing down. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Far 15 20 minutes to get in my car. But I knew I had to do whatever to stop, ran before he killed somebody. And I wasn't the only one before. While it was also about I should have guessed that mass destruction the only lead to one place, frankly, I just wanted to randy. What's happening? You got all of his toys except you want nothing stuff this month so far there was one thing he was even though the Sharp really? I think they take it over his race. There was still one thing that can get through the old randy cry bully child. Especially since this on he was pulling Oh my God. But when I came around that corner, all I saw was a juiced up. Maybe I can't drive for a kid. Sorry buddy. You've turned into a monster but it wasn't your fault though. I push you to be a tough guy and stand up to join, but you're not a tough guy, you're sweet, gentle, sensitive guy. I see pushing to make you change. Being sweet and sensitive is a good thing. Ready. Randy didn't hear me since his brain was kind of swollen time. My work did have a professional stumbles. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you've been since. I mean I'm ashamed of the back when we get so I'm sorry molly. I should have never played that out of you. Something about what I said, maybe while they realized that you might be able to change how you look on the outside, get you who you are on the inside no matter how the all the main cell Rachelle changed sweet in his inside. He was around, definitely Wally was finally great to embrace both of them. Speak bodybuilder. And a and like five black finally came out came the person he was, that's serious, serious. Uh Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Well, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Very good.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I'm Michel.
SPEAKER_L: Michelle, I'm Jason nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Jason, good to meet you. So have you had these conversations before?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Uh I had one on friday and then had one a couple months ago and they've been phenomenal each time has just been a really nice night. So, uh,
SPEAKER_R: Very good.
SPEAKER_L: when I saw this, when I was really happy, um, I was supposed to have one yesterday and I just forgot about it and had to email and go, oh yeah, I forgot about it. And they're like, what would you be willing to do tonight? Sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that happened to me. Well, I almost forgot. So I had one scheduled for thursday night and I almost forgot until like 7 45 until I showed up. But then the other person didn't show up. So yeah, so I really get outside. Yeah, it was one of those, I think
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: before, I'm trying to think before, it was not on days where I was working. So it wasn't like, it was like on my radar and thursday I just got so consumed with like working and eating dinner and then I'm like, what? It's already time. So yeah. Are you, I'm in Arizona, are you on the east coast or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Wisconsin, so uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I figured, I figured since, I mean, I'm like, well it's four here, so, but, but you had said right tonight, so I figured it was probably probably not not out this way. Welcome. What part of Wisconsin?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Milwaukee. So actually we're
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in Green Dill, which is right on the cusp of it, so
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah, my, one of my bucket list items is to make it to all 50 states, and Wisconsin is one of the states. I have not yet been too, so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: once this covid situation is done, there's some awful things to do up here. Um you know, like for example, summerfest is the world's largest music festival, and they have bands from all over, you know, and like headliners, like red hot chili peppers and things like that, and then, you know, so it used to be 14 straight days. Now, it's uh for this year because of Kobe, they were going to do three weekends in a row, but but of course there's the state fair where you can get fried everything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure. Yeah, I am. My uh my uncle went to college, you went to college in Wisconsin. Um He went he went to multiple, I was going to say he had, he had a PhD, I remember where he went, I know you want to overland for his uh for his undergrad, but I think he went to, or maybe he taught at Wisconsin, I don't know one of the University of Wisconsin, I think at Madison, I think it's very, so very
SPEAKER_L: I know. Arizona is the brewers triple A. All right, Excuse me, cactus lee, the brewers come down and Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we do, we have a lot of, yeah, I live pretty close to where all the spring training uh spring training events are. So it's always always an adventure because sometimes for me it's just like I did in habits and then I'm like, oh wait, I shouldn't have driven this way because spring training traffic is now difficult. But yeah, this year was weird though just because like Covid could happen right in the middle of it. So it just kind of was just strange. But yeah, usually usually it's a, I sometimes go to, I don't don't go too much to spring training games, but so I grew up in SAn Diego and I am a podcast and so they do their spring training here. So sometimes I try to go, yeah, we have, we have, trying to think. So the ones that are closest to me are the the indians and the reds playing the Goodyear ballpark, which is just on the way and then the Dodgers and the white sox are close Padres and the Mariners are a little bit farther. But a lot of those I think are the six teams on the close to me and the other teams play on the other side of phoenix, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well that's very neat. Uh well the Padres are one of my favorite teams growing up because you know with the brewers, they were awful for many years, so I always like Tony Gwynn and then his son actually played for the brewers, so
SPEAKER_R: that's right, I had forgotten about that. Yeah, that's right.
SPEAKER_L: oh, that's a neat connection because yeah, I wanted the Padres, the win the World Series, so many just because I hated the Dodgers, which, but you know, to have a national league because the brewers were american league up until 10, 15 years ago. And so for the Padres and cheer for the brewers,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. This year I don't know it was close but I was gonna say I also have a not necessarily fond feelings for the Dodgers, so currently I have to have it on you. But I was watching the Dodgers game because I'm I'm kind of, I told them, I told a friend of mine like kind of rooting for them to win, hoping that then that like you get like the year after World series like hangover and then maybe the Padres will have a better chance.
SPEAKER_L: that would be good, you know, and
SPEAKER_R: uh Well I don't know they're going to have to not only win this game, but win one more game so to even get to the World Series.
SPEAKER_L: wow. For me it's pretty much anybody but Houston.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know All right. I don't know when everything came out. I'm like, oh we should just give them a chance. And now I'm just like, no, they cannot win. So like come on raise. You have you have you have a three nothing lead and now they were three. So yeah, like mhm Really interesting. They are okay. I I will I will pretty much for the last 14 anybody, but it's probably probably my my feeling as well so we'll see. Who knows. So now are you a big sports fan? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: love sports and I always share it with my students at school and you know, it's kind of neat. Um I love hockey because the admirals are in town and then um and uh what's interesting is phoenix has my a player with my last name on it, so it's it's kind of neat. Um I followed him since he was in Manitoba and all this, so so
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of um but yeah, I love hockey, I love baseball, love basketball. Um The only problem is is the only team that was good this year with the bucks and you know,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: then they like imploded.
SPEAKER_L: or bubble, it was awful, it was so awful because you know, I thought for sure they were going to do well, but you know, they were there built for a season that ended in november, not not a season that ended in, you know, october, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that was good. Yeah. But so you said your students, are you a teacher?
SPEAKER_L: I am both my wife and our teachers, I teach middle school, um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: She elementary and uh it's nice. Um what's interesting is she goes five days and I do virtual because our school district by us said, nope, you're going to stay virtual. But my wife who lives, who teaches in a more affluent district was like, no, all the kids have to be here. So it's a whole different thing. Like she'll come home and she's exhausted because she has to wear a mask and she's moving around all the protocols and all that. And for me, I'm exhausted because I sit at my kitchen table with a computer here, a computer here and a monitor over here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's funny because I, I asked in part because I am also a teacher, but I teach community college and we're doing it virtually and it is exhausting and I'm just like, I feel like it shouldn't be this tiring just sit in front of a computer all day, but it is,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, and the hardest thing with, and people, people are not, are not educators don't get it. They're like, well, you just sit in front. Well, no, because as you're, you know, working with the students, you're doing things over here, your phone's going emails going off. And it, the biggest thing that I don't think people realize is the destruction of your home life or your work home balance. Like at least you know, now I'd stay late, I'd stay until five or six at night grading papers and helping kids. But when I left at whatever time I left at on my way home, I could like break away from school. But this I mean, you know, kids will call well now they can zoom in because we we have district so they can like zoom in on me. I'm on my computer all sudden I have to go in at seven o'clock at night. Yeah, I really need help with, you know, that could have been done three hours ago when you were in school. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: and you know, the parents and emails and stuff like that. But they just don't, they forget though, that, you know, that home life balance, if you can't maintain that, it just burns you out and then we'll zoom when there's 50 faces looking at you, you're like, oh, am I touching my folds? And is there something
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: know. It's just very, it's very, very weird. Um, and yeah, it's just, it's hard and I think managing or trying to think about like, like keeping them engaged. This is so different. Are they doing okay and checking on them? It's just, it's just been a challenge. So what, what subject do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I teach at risk. So I deal with the students, you know, are academically behind uh, high school for 13 years and then I switched to middle school because I always love the middle school teachers because they're always like, wild and crazy. And I was like, I want to be wild and crazy because at the
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: high school level, you know, it's the whole different world, especially being at risk. I did a lot of juniors and seniors. So I prepped him for college and try to get him to finish high school. And it was a transactional experience a lot of times, you know, with the kids like you need these credits here, let me help you. Whereas in middle school, it's kind of like, uh, what's the show Drew Carey? Whose line is it? Anyway? The point don't matter. And you know, no one's counting. Um, because the grades don't kid can fail everything. They're going to ninth grade. It doesn't matter. So what I tell mike, I go, yeah, it doesn't matter what goes on at home. It doesn't matter the different things we will get through it that, you know, no matter what. And then with my middle schoolers because their kids, they just, they have that just innocence that the high school kids didn't and, and I loved high school. I, the reason I switched the middle school was my wife's an elementary teacher and I've done high school for so long. I was like, you know, I want to try this and you know, I love it. You know, the kids, they get to be wild and crazy, but you know, it also makes me very sad because we see at risk in high school you can kind of, you can, you can rationalize it with, these are near adults, you got an 11 year old that has the trauma at home and the mental health issues and you're dealing with an 11 year old, that's like, you know, like my co teacher, no joke had to say this, don't put that in any one of your holes. She was a kid
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: like, well in his ears and, and I was like, no, keep it where I can see it, you know, and you think to yourself, you're like, oh God, that's an 11 year old, this, this is going to be a wide well, um you know, but it's, it's the good work, you know, I have done college. I taught probably about eight years ago because I have a master's in educational leadership. So I, I taught a couple of classes at one of the, uh, colleges by us, cardinal stritch. And uh, I did a couple classes and what I found was adults are great because they'll do anything you want. But it's like, okay, I need you to gradually release here and kind of use your head here. Like I don't want a 65 page paper. I want a five page paper. I don't know how in the world you thought it was supposed to be 64. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: it's hard for me as I teach math. Um and I chose community college in part uh part because I didn't want to deal with, I I was worried I wouldn't deal well with like behavioral issues and I kind of wanted to see like students want to be there, but I also wanted to make uh I wanted to make a difference because I think so many people get to college and they are afraid of math and they're just kind of like well I don't know if I can actually do the degree that I want because I can't pass my math class. Um but at the same time like a lot of them come in um and they don't want to think, they're like I just want to copy what you do and it can be, it's always interesting, so I I t and I teach a range of classes, so some of them I get uh that are right out of high school. Um And come with it kind of sometimes an interesting mentality or just not knowing what to expect because I teach at a community college, so a lot of them are first generation college students or their parents did never go to college, they just don't know what to expect. So it's it's interesting and then some of my classes I have those that are at the end of their two years so that they've been there been there a while,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so it's always it's like all over the place but it's just it's kind of interesting and this semester um I usually try to connect with my students this semester, I've been trying to do more of a people first, math second, you know because it's just so hard for everybody me included. Um And and so it's funny that so I have some classes that way because that just ended and some of them were like but we're not maybe next week and I'm like no class is over, we're not getting any more, but a lot of them are just so used to getting to see people, so it's kind of interesting. I don't know, I'm like I'll kind of miss them but at the same time not having to sit on zoom for because they're 2.5 hour classes, so not having to sit for 2.5 hours, I mean I get the breaks and stuff but still 2.5 hours is long, so it's uh I don't know, it's just it's been such a it's just such a weird experience and I don't even, I don't even know and then we're doing it again in the spring, so we've already decided that it's gonna be virtual um in the spring. So you are you all on a like a day by day, you kind of decided
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's
SPEAKER_R: coming
SPEAKER_L: interesting
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: with ours because, um, with us we have it where the metrics have to be the number of cases in Milwaukee County, which, you know, Milwaukee County is the largest in the state. So, um, you know that we have that we have hospitalizations and then we have um, staff utilization because right now we can't get a substitute save our lives. Like if you're say either your friends are covering your classes or kids not taught, like it's just, I haven't missed a day in like 14 years. So it's not that's not a problem for me, but for some of my coworkers, like we had a one of our younger teachers just get married and she's like, I need days off and we're all like, and you know, and the principles like, okay, I know there's some of you that have prep, not all of you, but some of you do, would you be willing to give it up to help? And the problem is a lot of the staff there still burned out, like for me, because I don't normally I would have my own classroom and I would pull kids and I would just, you know, work with about 15 at a time where right, I'm bouncing between zoom. So I have three computer self watching this and you know, and it's just, but I don't I don't do a prep because you know, I need to be in the classroom because you know what I mean? You know, for example, uh the funniest thing that's happened so far was the math teacher goes, uh she had annotation on and I messaged her in the chat and I go, hey, you know, you have annotation and you turn it off, you know, it's gonna, and she's, you know, a younger teacher who thinks I'm stupid and it was, you know, I think it's fine, you know? And she, so she blasted me on with the kids and I was like, okay, whatever. And then one of the, one of the kids, not my kid, thankfully, um, big phallic symbol up on the screen and, and then she looks at me and I go, that's why you turn off annotation. Yeah. Um, but you know, at any given day, I'm in three different classrooms at once, so I'm just making sure, and then all of my kids, because some of my kids have mental health challenges where, and then, um, you know, in some of our behavioral, like, you know, some, like in normal classrooms, they can be jags, well, you know, on zoom, they can, they can hide themselves because they can turn off their screen and be like, I didn't say that. So that's certainly,
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say I can only imagine it's even more challenging for that man for you with this kind of environment because Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but we don't know about, I mean, for us, the good thing is, is unlike a lot of the districts by us where they're either back or they're like, well, you know, at any time you can switch for us, we have it where as soon as the metrics go green, which is what we need, then we go to the next phase and the next phase, there's a week lead time between phases so
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that at least gives us a week to make an accommodation. Now, you know, on the books, were probably going to jail for a while off the books. I know for a fact, the superintendents get a lot of heat. I know the board is getting on the heat, they're gonna crack. I mean the, they're going to go in and go, oh well when we said Milwaukee County, what we meant was, so it's it's a matter of time and it's because you know, the safe and safe and wellness of the staff and the kids will be affected if you get more together, especially we know when the weather gets crappy, people congregate more and then are, you know like, you know, I was talking to one of the teachers on a zoom and she has kids at our school and her kids in the background, okay, mom going over to this guy's house and I'm like, you really shouldn't be doing that. And he was like, and she, she's a staff member
SPEAKER_R: because.
SPEAKER_L: in the building and she's like, well, you know, I'm just, I'm just resigned in the fact that I'm like, but you shouldn't be like this Wisconsin is like one of the worst in the country, like why but
SPEAKER_R: Arizona, we're the we're the same way, I mean it's it's crazy, I live by a community park so I have a dog and we walk and um, and so as soon as we walk by the park and he likes going to the park because he has all the smells, but like when I know it's busy, I'm like, we're staying away, but there are times sometimes we go and I'm like, okay, there's more people than I thought they were here and sometimes they're like people that are clearly not living in the same household, playing basketball with no masks in each other's faces and playing volleyball. And I'm like, what are you doing? Uh most of them are not like adults, their kids. And I'm like, well, somebody's parents are, I mean it's just, it just boggles my mind. I'm like, and this is why and this week again, we, we went over one day, we had over 1000 new cases
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: in Maricopa County I like, and this is why I keep, because for a while we got really low, like in the almost 50 but like in the low like 102 100 day, which I think is sadly the lowest we've gotten. And then all of a sudden it started climbing again and now it's like up north near 1000, I'm like, we're never going to get them to other people. But the hard part is the lower it gets. I think the board complacent people get and people are tired just not going out and then it just gets worse. So yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: just scary.
SPEAKER_L: us we opened up an emergency hospital at state fair, which is in the community and when it first opened up in, I think like early august they're like, oh we're going to take it down, we're not gonna need it. And now it's start like the Fox Valley which is over by Appleton is getting cases where their hospitals are full and it
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: area because I mean now where we live in Milwaukee County, I mean there's hospitals, there's tons of them. But the scary thing is is, you know, we haven't even hit the seasonal flu, we pneumonia season, we haven't hit respiratory season. I mean, yeah, it's, you know, and what I was explaining to one of my friends who lives in Korea actually I got up at three in the morning today and I'll stop because I just couldn't sleep. You know this milieu everything the stress is just, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I hear you.
SPEAKER_L: we're talking to him and he's like, he's like, Jason, I don't think you understand. Like I'm watching this on the news and you'd swear Wisconsin's Arkansas. Like he would swear that this is like backwoods country. He goes, I've lived there, there's no way how is this happening? And, and I just told them, I was like, it's surreal. But what we were talking about was the idea that with the virus, people, you know, people assume like, well it's just going to become propagated everywhere. And, but what they forget is viruses mutate. And you know the way a virus manifests today might not be the way it manifests in 20 years. Like think about shingles virus. It's the chicken pox virus, 30 years later, shingles happens. We don't know if something like this is, you know, because that's why they call it a nouvelle virus, we don't know. And um, just, you know, the fact that you know, I've seen ranges like my friend who's a police officer got it and you know, he lost his sense of smell, sense of taste for like two weeks and then he was
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: back on the forest like he was because he was young, he was 25 he's back at it. But we also had a teacher, his daughter was 24 and she got it, she got into the hospital, they said you're fine, you know, go home, take a rest and he ends up finding her dead, you know, 25 years old. I mean there's there's no wind, no reason. And it's just you know, the scary thing for me is you know, if the numbers keep exploding like it is, we can get to a point where you know, people go herd mentality, not with viruses. The common cold should have herd mentality by now. It doesn't,
SPEAKER_R: But it doesn't, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but what if this becomes seasonal and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: then,
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: you know, the second thing we talked about was the fact that it affects the elderly the most. And what we said is as a country you can't have the pyramid collapse like it was the elderly go because the majority of elderly, you know, they save up, they pay off their houses, they we'll have inheritance that they give to their Children and that helps create a middle class. Whereas you know, if you have a point where you're dying at 50 there is a problem. And I just, it just worries me because there's such a, there's just such a nonchalant and the people around here like, you know, I'll go somewhere and like I'm standing in line, I want to keep six ft and I'm like, you know, people like stand right behind me. It's like, hey, like, like a is the worst. We went there just to get a couple of things because you can get the little carpet squares for like four bucks as a teacher. Those are great. You throw them around the room, kids sit on them and you know when school comes back we're gonna need six ft. So what I was thinking of doing, duct taping him to the ground. I mean like that's your circle space so they don't have to find it out themselves. We're in line and like the person is like breathing on me and I'm like, hey, and then she's coughing and I'm like, hey, we've got to. And she's like, what are you one of those pinkos? And like, no, to be fair, I just don't want to die. Like
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: it's rather reasonable. I'd like it where I can go home and not kill my parents if I go over to their house like that. You want a reason.
SPEAKER_R: It is, it is crazy. I had that happened to me in target. Like the guy was like clearly in a hurry, but I'm like, okay, can you, you can't wait like two minutes to let me finish checking out before you like ram your car down behind me and like unloading your stuff. Like I'm just like, what is, what is like, I'm like, you know, getting done like two minutes sooner is not worth one of us potentially dying or getting sick or I don't, I don't know. It's just crazy. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Harry.
SPEAKER_L: the worst like most people, they just they're indifferent and it, you know, I just I don't know, I, most of all I fear for my kids at school, you know, as you know, we know that kids can get it, we know that it could be, you know, and I just I I work in an impoverished community, I work in the West House West Monkey School District and it's you know, it's right next to Milwaukee, it's very impoverished and you know, I look at my kids and healthcare could bankrupt. I mean they are public assistance. If they got sick they would be and it's just so scary and yet you have adults like you know, I went out to lunch with one of the judges in town because I'm friends with him, I've known him for 20 years and he's like I'm wearing a mask and I'm like you're a pillar of the community, like you need like whether you agree or not sending a message with this and he's like, wow, why does it matter? I'm like because kids see you and your if adults aren't doing what they're supposed to kids are and how long before it becomes just across the board, but right. The good thing is though is, you know, in our jobs with education, we get to educate, we get to help and this will all pass someday. And when I look back upon this as a historical event, instead of the current event, it will be nice. And you know, I just I'm looking for that day, you know, just as normalcy, I I've always wondered what when they talked about Calvin Coolidge's presidency and he you know, he said we want to return enormously and how there was such a gravitation to that even though it was, you know, draconian policy. Um I look and think how soon before we're at that point where the simplest things become, you know, worthy of giving up certain other things for that. It's just it's a scary town. But
SPEAKER_R: It is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: We will get through it eventually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well thank you for what you do at the collegiate level. Because you know mathematics I I taught four years of high school math because uh Milwaukee public schools which is our largest district and I'm a social studies teacher. But you know the first week our math teacher walked out and they're like well great guess what? It's you, I'm like um no woman t I got in college, the only, see what I got was an intermediate algebra and they're like cool you're teaching algebra and geometry now that so there I am like doing the equation on the board and I don't even know it, I'm like god kids are like great young and like no I'm not. What do you say? Oh guys that's that's called error correcting and it's a very important thing in mathematics. Um It might have looked like I didn't know how to add seven and three together, but clearly why do so it's not stage right? Um But the teacher for years and uh just such an appreciation for math teachers and it's because they gave me the option not to teach it, they're like you know Jason what would you like to do? Social studies please. Oh good math teacher, that's great, I still social studies actually, no I'm doing there. Um
SPEAKER_R: man
SPEAKER_L: And I thought that since and then this year you know I've shifted back because I did some administrative work. I was a principal for a while and it was it was a different world but I have such an appreciation for math teachers. My wife is a math teacher and only you know to have us you know when she'll look at a problem and go tell you do it and then she'll go do you know how to do it? Of course I know how to do it but it's gonna take me a little bit longer. But the community like for us we have M. E. T. C. In town Milwaukee area back and then I've worked with Lakeland. I've worked with some uh Gateway which is another one in racine and the committee college is just a phenomenal resource of community and um I know your work but.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Yeah yeah I enjoy it. And my mom, so I grew up my mom taught nursing at a community college um and so I kind of uh it just kind of made made an impact. It was always it was always fun. I was we would go in with her to her office and different things. So I am fond memories of community college so it's I enjoyed it and for me my goal is to teach not to research. So it's one of the reasons, yep.
SPEAKER_L: it was a pleasure talking to you tonight.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah you too Jason and best of luck to you and all in
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: your screens your
SPEAKER_L: Yeah thank you.
SPEAKER_R: classes. So very good. Thank you so much. Yeah it went by really fast so it was really good.
SPEAKER_L: thank you.