Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
Very good.
I'm Michel.
Hi Jason, good to meet you. So have you had these conversations before?
Very good.
Yeah, that happened to me. Well, I almost forgot. So I had one scheduled for thursday night and I almost forgot until like 7 45 until I showed up. But then the other person didn't show up. So yeah, so I really get outside. Yeah, it was one of those, I think
before, I'm trying to think before, it was not on days where I was working. So it wasn't like, it was like on my radar and thursday I just got so consumed with like working and eating dinner and then I'm like, what? It's already time. So yeah. Are you, I'm in Arizona, are you on the east coast or?
Yeah. Yeah, I figured, I figured since, I mean, I'm like, well it's four here, so, but, but you had said right tonight, so I figured it was probably probably not not out this way. Welcome. What part of Wisconsin?
Well,
okay. Yeah, my, one of my bucket list items is to make it to all 50 states, and Wisconsin is one of the states. I have not yet been too, so. Okay.
I'm sure. Yeah, I am. My uh my uncle went to college, you went to college in Wisconsin. Um He went he went to multiple, I was going to say he had, he had a PhD, I remember where he went, I know you want to overland for his uh for his undergrad, but I think he went to, or maybe he taught at Wisconsin, I don't know one of the University of Wisconsin, I think at Madison, I think it's very, so very
Yeah, we do, we have a lot of, yeah, I live pretty close to where all the spring training uh spring training events are. So it's always always an adventure because sometimes for me it's just like I did in habits and then I'm like, oh wait, I shouldn't have driven this way because spring training traffic is now difficult. But yeah, this year was weird though just because like Covid could happen right in the middle of it. So it just kind of was just strange. But yeah, usually usually it's a, I sometimes go to, I don't don't go too much to spring training games, but so I grew up in SAn Diego and I am a podcast and so they do their spring training here. So sometimes I try to go, yeah, we have, we have, trying to think. So the ones that are closest to me are the the indians and the reds playing the Goodyear ballpark, which is just on the way and then the Dodgers and the white sox are close Padres and the Mariners are a little bit farther. But a lot of those I think are the six teams on the close to me and the other teams play on the other side of phoenix, so. Yeah.
that's right, I had forgotten about that. Yeah, that's right.
Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. This year I don't know it was close but I was gonna say I also have a not necessarily fond feelings for the Dodgers, so currently I have to have it on you. But I was watching the Dodgers game because I'm I'm kind of, I told them, I told a friend of mine like kind of rooting for them to win, hoping that then that like you get like the year after World series like hangover and then maybe the Padres will have a better chance.
uh Well I don't know they're going to have to not only win this game, but win one more game so to even get to the World Series.
Yeah. You know All right. I don't know when everything came out. I'm like, oh we should just give them a chance. And now I'm just like, no, they cannot win. So like come on raise. You have you have you have a three nothing lead and now they were three. So yeah, like mhm Really interesting. They are okay. I I will I will pretty much for the last 14 anybody, but it's probably probably my my feeling as well so we'll see. Who knows. So now are you a big sports fan? Yeah.
Very
And
then they like imploded.
Yeah. Yeah, that was good. Yeah. But so you said your students, are you a teacher?
Okay.
Yeah. It's funny because I, I asked in part because I am also a teacher, but I teach community college and we're doing it virtually and it is exhausting and I'm just like, I feel like it shouldn't be this tiring just sit in front of a computer all day, but it is,
Right.
I
know. It's just very, it's very, very weird. Um, and yeah, it's just, it's hard and I think managing or trying to think about like, like keeping them engaged. This is so different. Are they doing okay and checking on them? It's just, it's just been a challenge. So what, what subject do you teach?
that
wow.
it's hard for me as I teach math. Um and I chose community college in part uh part because I didn't want to deal with, I I was worried I wouldn't deal well with like behavioral issues and I kind of wanted to see like students want to be there, but I also wanted to make uh I wanted to make a difference because I think so many people get to college and they are afraid of math and they're just kind of like well I don't know if I can actually do the degree that I want because I can't pass my math class. Um but at the same time like a lot of them come in um and they don't want to think, they're like I just want to copy what you do and it can be, it's always interesting, so I I t and I teach a range of classes, so some of them I get uh that are right out of high school. Um And come with it kind of sometimes an interesting mentality or just not knowing what to expect because I teach at a community college, so a lot of them are first generation college students or their parents did never go to college, they just don't know what to expect. So it's it's interesting and then some of my classes I have those that are at the end of their two years so that they've been there been there a while,
so it's always it's like all over the place but it's just it's kind of interesting and this semester um I usually try to connect with my students this semester, I've been trying to do more of a people first, math second, you know because it's just so hard for everybody me included. Um And and so it's funny that so I have some classes that way because that just ended and some of them were like but we're not maybe next week and I'm like no class is over, we're not getting any more, but a lot of them are just so used to getting to see people, so it's kind of interesting. I don't know, I'm like I'll kind of miss them but at the same time not having to sit on zoom for because they're 2.5 hour classes, so not having to sit for 2.5 hours, I mean I get the breaks and stuff but still 2.5 hours is long, so it's uh I don't know, it's just it's been such a it's just such a weird experience and I don't even, I don't even know and then we're doing it again in the spring, so we've already decided that it's gonna be virtual um in the spring. So you are you all on a like a day by day, you kind of decided
coming
there.
I was gonna say I can only imagine it's even more challenging for that man for you with this kind of environment because Yeah.
and
because.
Arizona, we're the we're the same way, I mean it's it's crazy, I live by a community park so I have a dog and we walk and um, and so as soon as we walk by the park and he likes going to the park because he has all the smells, but like when I know it's busy, I'm like, we're staying away, but there are times sometimes we go and I'm like, okay, there's more people than I thought they were here and sometimes they're like people that are clearly not living in the same household, playing basketball with no masks in each other's faces and playing volleyball. And I'm like, what are you doing? Uh most of them are not like adults, their kids. And I'm like, well, somebody's parents are, I mean it's just, it just boggles my mind. I'm like, and this is why and this week again, we, we went over one day, we had over 1000 new cases
in Maricopa County I like, and this is why I keep, because for a while we got really low, like in the almost 50 but like in the low like 102 100 day, which I think is sadly the lowest we've gotten. And then all of a sudden it started climbing again and now it's like up north near 1000, I'm like, we're never going to get them to other people. But the hard part is the lower it gets. I think the board complacent people get and people are tired just not going out and then it just gets worse. So yeah, it's
just scary.
man.
I hear you.
But
But it doesn't, Yeah,
I
know.
I know.
It is, it is crazy. I had that happened to me in target. Like the guy was like clearly in a hurry, but I'm like, okay, can you, you can't wait like two minutes to let me finish checking out before you like ram your car down behind me and like unloading your stuff. Like I'm just like, what is, what is like, I'm like, you know, getting done like two minutes sooner is not worth one of us potentially dying or getting sick or I don't, I don't know. It's just crazy. I don't know.
Harry.
It is. Yeah.
We will get through it eventually. Yeah.
man
thank you. Yeah yeah I enjoy it. And my mom, so I grew up my mom taught nursing at a community college um and so I kind of uh it just kind of made made an impact. It was always it was always fun. I was we would go in with her to her office and different things. So I am fond memories of community college so it's I enjoyed it and for me my goal is to teach not to research. So it's one of the reasons, yep.
Yeah. Yeah you too Jason and best of luck to you and all in
all
your screens your
classes. So very good. Thank you so much. Yeah it went by really fast so it was really good.