and the NBA MVP for the 1999 2000 1979. The Lakers took that
good. How are you?
How's your day going?
Not bad, not bad work. 2nd shift. So I'll start till later
so
I make wiring harnesses for missiles. It's out. Yeah, that's what everyone does. But it's really not that involved once you start doing it.
That's
Yeah.
It's a public company but they have some military contracts. So
it's just part of it's a wiring. It's the company that basically manufacturers wiring and all that stuff. But they have some military stuff they do but yeah.
Yeah it's so it's very specialized because we're the only people in the world who make it and there's only like 12 of us. So it's it's a very specialized thing but it sounds much more daunting that it actually is a
Yeah. I mean there's so what they do is it's for it's for the Patriot missile system I guess. And so it's for their mobile launchers. So they basically have warehouses fully stupid cables. So there's basically a backlog of I think like five or six years because obviously they only get used in wartime and all that crap. So we get, they test them and stuff. So we've had cable sent back to us that are like five or six years old because they failed tests or whatever. So it's that kind of deal. That's not bad for what?
Be
there no,
like
word probably most dangerous thing we use is a mold press, which basically just prop arises the outside of the cable because that involves no pressure And you got the old guys, I go down on it, but it's all too handed operations. So you're never really, you know, putting a limb into the machine or interesting, you have to use both hands to operate it, stuff like that. But
it's not dangerous at all hey. Yeah.
It's not that it's, it's new for me because I came from my degrees in Biology, which has nothing to do with this obviously. So my last two jobs involved my degree and I came here been there for about like, I don't know, maybe almost two years now she pays the bills for now. That's well, I want to get back into my field my degree field, so.
Oh I worked for the Department of Environmental Protection here. I'm in Connecticut and I really enjoyed it. I worked for the fisheries so we would stock game fish for the state, we would do water monitoring and stuff like that. And it was great was fieldwork. The only problem with it being filled work is that in winter everything freezes so when everything freezes, they have to lay you off every year. You were getting laid off from december to March or april. So that that got old pretty quick.
Yeah. It's the same thing.
It was it was frustrating so that's because the
job because of this obviously it's year round and I'm tired and blah blah blah last night to get going.
Well it worked for um Charles river which we did vaccine research for the aviation industry. So we did that that job I hated with every ounce of my because you're inside all day stuck in a lab. There were no windows felt like you're in like some of these basement was awful. So
so I took the next job the fisheries job because my degree is in some biology but is more ecology related so that it better. So that's how I love that one.
This stuff
No
I would not somewhere. But she's sleeping, I don't know where she is. But
so that one was actually kind of gnarly because to get the antigens you would have to use um liver livers I got delivers, we would have to use embryos. So baby birds and they were already dead, they weren't alive. But so you have to you have to obviously take it out of them and then you you have to strain it through a strainer centrifuge it stuff. So it was it was disgusting because you
really Yeah. Uh it wasn't even like it wasn't even that and I hated it was just you had to go to get into lab, you had to wear the gown, you have to dress up. I mean you were just always covered and it was just uh everything has that. like I don't like hospitals for the same reason that there's that kind of sterile smell almost and that's all you smelled all the time. It was just uh
new york.
No, there wasn't okay,
can you strangely?
It would be again just being outside again, more ecology related stuff, you know? I would probably love doing like park ranger stuff or stuff like that. As long as, because I don't mind the winter, as long as it's year round, it's
just no one you're gonna get laid off for, you know, three or four months every year is just as tough.
Yeah. Yeah. The closer you got to winter because you knew it was coming, you're look you're gonna get laid off eventually. Yeah.
Yourself what you do.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Very cool. How's your thesis here? Is that Masters
the Church of Police?
You
see.
I
love
you.
That's
excellent.
Do you
have any topics that you think you're gonna look into you? I don't know the back half of the season schedule because
big music.
The department
so it seems to
me.
It's like
this
set.
That's
seven
seats. Yeah.
Because what
it's time for a week?
Who was
it?
Well.
Please stay in touch.
Yeah. Well I'm sorry
you're manning
or?
Why?
And you
know.
couple of days ago we have to expect at a minimum two or three weeks. But so far they have not put him on injured reserve this year because they at least uh
burst.
Yeah. What kind of dog?
All
My dog's 13. So she sleeps all day too
german shepherd. Yes.
grew up without my family's had them all my life and she is my first kind of like my dog.
So the other great thanks.
she comes around.
You want to see how much he loves you.
She doesn't care. She's so old.
So that's cool how you look basically forward to starting at. No.
But
no
good. Yeah.
it'll be fine. I'm accents easier once you start to keep going because you have that starting point, you can just build on it and Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
say.
european
union.
And it
Yeah. That's going to make it so much tougher to get your doctorate with all this. Covid going on and pandemic. It's crazy.
I'm
sure you're not the only one.
but the way you
speak,
Unfortunately, the way it's going, it might not normal for quite a while.
Taking
with you on sportscenter payout tomorrow night in Seattle. It's a nice, but two of the three teams time for first meeting NFC West Rams can watch as the country to see how the lion massive Kyra Russell innocent. He's got compared to each other. Yes. Because of their lights. But also because they're unique playmaking ability. And while once the Taliban recently, each guy is really a phenomenal season are more. Rutledge has more on the matchup. Oh,
what?
She
was jealous.
That's,
Did you come check on there.
Bye.
You know, proper steps.
Good.
Three
Yeah.
Is she doing the late thing or she's like die? So that movement?
You said
it.
Well, we are very different from having cats where cats have kind of come in and out. You know, they'll kind of come to you stuff and go away and captain much more self sufficient. Right?
As
connected that
cat quickly when he has the football in his hands.
Mr
do they get along with the dogs?
Story
levels, Libya
immediately.
This made an actress and cultures.
It's
not for those two teams.
You know what they're doing is
fixed.
No,
this isn't your real,
definitely.
that happened one time with my dog. Like I feel I went on a trip somewhere, this when she was younger and so my cousin watched her, so I brought her at his place and he had a cat and she wants to play my dog and the cat wants nothing to do with her. So my dog went up to the cat, the smeller and the cat batted her right in the nose and end up cutting her in the nose because
because it was the nose just like blood just everywhere.
Uh I mean it's not bleeding quick, but that was their introduction to each other. We got that.
Who work out, who has
that's fun.
In high
school.
Oh, yeah, Absolutely. Yeah.
No we've always had this one dog, I never had cats. My mom now has a dog and my mom manages like she's retired but managers like a cat rescue foster.
Yeah. So she does that. So she always has she has two cats herself and a dog but she always has like foster kid and all that stuff going on. She does that she always has like she has like a room just for the foster cats. Yeah.
Now she has like a cat and it's a mom cat, she has like three kids or something.
You
cut
This is.
You go.
I'm sure it's yeah it's been tough for her to I know I'm sure you get attached to more cats than others depending on personality and to the last stuff but I know that there's some that hasn't wanted to give away, but I mean it's kind of your job, you're fostering. No.
Well that,
so
you're always on the lookout?
What we have
heard?
You
know, anniversary,
that is
nothing
dr
So
yeah, that's great. Yeah, they are fun, but probably stories have a dog, at least maybe I've I thought about getting too, but because she heard she's so used to being just like a one person dog. Yeah, I heard old grumpy age, like, no, like my brother will bring his dog over and my like, my my brother's dog is terrified of my dog, because like, my dog has never gotten to my brother's place, he's always come here. And of course my dogs used this as, you know, her area, her place. So she's dominant over. My brother's dog. Just kind of sets the ground rules and you know, this is going to be stuff. Uh My brother's dog Halsey for I think the first, the first time she came here during the holiday, so my brother stayed there for like a week and I have like a spare bedroom, he stays in and she would not leave that bedroom, he leaves the door open and stuff.
He came out, she walked out, poked her head out like this just to see my dog saw her growled at her, halsey looked at the ground, turned around and just walk back. So sad, she was so depressed. But now they're much better. Like my dog would go up. My brother's dog still wants nothing to do with my dog, but my dog's warmed up much more.
All
Yeah. Yeah. Just leave me alone. Yeah.
Did you do
it?
Put them in a new stressful situation after years of you know I mean comfortable and, well
that's
the
the constitution.
Yeah. Good luck with, well I think we are looking here
we did good. Well thank you. I appreciate you showing up because it doesn't always occur. Thank
you.
Of
course it was. Good luck on your dissertation. You'll do great.
thank
you.
Thank you. Good luck to you
by.