Hi, how are you?
Good.
It is going well. Kind of just started. How about you?
Oh gosh, what
do you do?
So is it for
like a private
company or?
Okay. Yeah, that's
do you have to have a specific training to do something like that?
It seems like it would be hard to get a day off of work if there's only 12 people in the world who know how to do it?
Some kind of an interesting job. Is it like, is
it dangerous
at all to do it?
It's okay
as
sounds like kind of an interesting job.
Yeah. What were, so first what caused the change of career paths?
So I'm in Nebraska, so obviously it gets cold here too. Not the same. But so like when we have people who have more seasonal jobs, they'll like apply for unemployment. So is that what you had to do then? The whole,
Yeah, I don't, I don't think I could handle that. That was kind of frustrating
the change.
What did you do before that job like within the biology field?
Well, yeah, go ahead. God.
So
vaccine research for birds, Birds reason. So what did that look like? Sorry, my dog is probably going to be in the frame here
soon.
You should be worried.
Yeah, I was pretty girls.
Yeah. That does
not sound fun.
Yeah. So what would you say
when you decide not to work on cable sort missiles anymore, what is your ideal job within your field?
definitely.
Yeah. I feel like my motivation wouldn't be super high in a situation like that.
I definitely wouldn't like that.
I am
a PhD student border
school of Psychology.
So um
when you get your master's you you typically will do a thesis but
the
way my program works is you
get
your
master's on the way and you just go right through,
well
it was like a non thesis option so I don't have a thesis but it's really soon here. I have to start working on my dissertation which is like so scary to think about or to say well hasn't really started, it's probably going to go horribly.
But
my research interests are like
hugely and then um
resilience which is just like
you
know positive adaptation when you know in the face of adversity which sounds pretty broad but
for
kids
and adults with HD they have poor driving outcomes and poor decision making skills
and all of these things.
And
we know a lot about what makes like the typically developing person more resilient which is like
the support system
Having some sort of caregiver in the picture doesn't you know parents typically outcomes are pretty good but a strong caregiver of some sort. Um
And
then other things like a
supportive school environment and you know we also know the other things what make
resilience outcomes worse like trauma that sort of thing.
So looking more into what makes
or
what helps kids be more resilient who have A. D. H. D. And
I also think that the teacher student relationship is really interesting. Um So yeah
if
you don't mind, my dog is actually choosing something else so I will be right back. Oh
she loves to do that when I'm
on zoom and stuff so all the time I have to interrupt meetings that I'm in so I can go like pull something stupid out of her mouth.
Um So that I mean they're both blue heelers but That one
especially is Naughty where a Southern one just kind of sleeps all day.
We're kind of dogs you have?
husband and I if we were ever not to get healers, we really like um Australian shepherds and then also german shepherds which like I understand completely different but I have always thought german shepherds were really cool and Yeah,
well yeah,
I was gonna say he that is a familiar sound like the claw. I don't know the clothes on the thank you or else
I saw I saw a little bit over. Uh huh. In camera shy.
What a cutie.
Uh huh. Uh Yeah.
be honest, I am just, I'm very much interested in the things that I can do with my PhD. Like I'm going to do this because this is how I get my PhD but I'm not a great research person. I just I have a hard time like sticking to a project for this long and I don't see myself in academia, so it sounds super stressful, but I have a really great adviser
in our lab, which is just like, you know, like everyone who has him as an advisor is in the lab and we work on projects and stuff together. Um
but he's great, everyone in the lab is great.
So yeah, it's just more that it's like a stressful project that lasts for a really long time, but
yeah,
I'm like trying to learn more about like winning some of this year, learning more about like how to write a lot and you know, like how to write a dissertation more because it is like, It's just way different when you're writing, you know, 150 pages even. But
um I don't I don't know like I, okay grad school is so weird because at least in like the social scientists because you have to spend a lot of time like learning how to be a therapist and so and like all these different applied experiences. So in some ways I'm like I need more classes, I need to learn more. But my applied experiences have been super fun. Like I got cut short but last year, which was my second year, Um I was in an elementary school like two full days a week and that was like I never thought
that I
would be in an elementary school. Like I just thought I get along better with older kids. But it was it was so fun. Yeah. Yeah, it was a lot of fun. It was like a lot of behavior calls and really learning how to like manage behavior and that sort of thing. So that was really fun. Then that got cut short because school is closing. And then this year the experience is
um we're learning to give therapy and we're doing it on zoom. So
Yeah. No, it's it's really it has a unique set of challenges because I feel like I'm not retaining information as well. And I feel like I've been slogging through my academics and learning for like the past like this March
because
yeah, like it's just been a whirlwind in like all the professors and faculty that I talked to. Like
they
feel the same way. It's just like we have to get through this and then when our normal, like it will be normal again.
I know. That's Yeah. Don't worry. My doctor the same way I realized I left my other dog in a cage. But um All right. I'm sorry. I'll be right back again. I think she went upstairs. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Excuse me.
Yeah. I'm sorry about that. Like I said
she is a total pain when I'm doing she tried so hard to get my attention
I think.
Yeah, but she doesn't mean she gets what she wants because
I've noticed she's gone for too long. It's probably because she's doing something she's not supposed to. Mhm,
yep. Or still one of her other favorite things to do is like
our trash is in an actual like,
like tall receptacle in the house. Not super tall,
like normal, but our recycling, on the other hand
is in like a been on the floor so it's shorter. So she'll like if we have a can of tuna or something show like run down the stairs with the even the washed out camp like. So they attracted to it but she'll or like toilet paper rolls that have been recycled. She'll run down the stairs with that. Yeah. Yeah she's she's too so she's still really pretty young but she's yeah she's a handful. She's she's right here actually. Yeah
after she gets done causing trouble she just wants to come snuggle at me.
Oh yeah she does a little bit. It depends on the day for her. My other dogs a lot. We'll do that a lot more. These are I've never had dogs before. I always had cats growing up so it's been
what
are other dog is five and then she's 5.5 and 2.5. But yes so it's been an interesting process because they're a higher energy breed too. It's like they always want their always causing trouble somehow.
like we're
planning on just visiting family and staying in a cabin and like me away from other people but keeping it very small. Um
But
like they have to go to a kennel because they can't take care of themselves, but we also have two cats and
they we're just going to hang out and my sister in law will come by a couple of times. Yeah,
so we live in like, I don't know what the split level, but we have a basement and upstairs. Is that what you call that? Okay. I don't know.
I
they
the cats really just kind of stay upstairs, that's where the bedrooms are and there's like a
data room type area. So they kind of stay up there, They have some big windows if they want to see
outside and stuff. And then
yeah, the dogs are mostly down here so they don't hate each other. But this one especially,
he
likes to play with them much, she's pretty rough with them and so they don't want to play with her. Like we've never had an issue where they would like hurt them.
But
like
my cats will like slap her in the face and she'll think that they're playing and they're not. Mhm. Yeah.
no.
sure. Of course.
We're only only one of our cats has there from a cause which probably helps. She's the one that stands up for herself better, but the other one just kind of runs away and she's one clause so you have not really had that. But
yeah, my dogs were kind of troublemakers. Yeah. What? Uh huh.
Yeah. I really like having them. I don't ever see myself not having dogs again. But yes,
they're
all, they're always teaching me something new.
Have you ever, have you ever been like a multiple dog household even as a kid?
that's so cool.
Oh yeah. You've got to.
Oh my gosh, What a dream! I would love that. I told our our house is like, it's a starter house. It's not amazing or anything. But
that's,
you know, that's how we plan things before we move because I want to leave Nebraska for my internship and like
us move permanently to probably somewhere in the south that's warm. That doesn't have winters, right? Um
I always try to convince my husband we, we need to foster cats. Like it would be so fun. It's like our house isn't big enough anyway, but you want to keep them all. And I would, I really would.
Yeah. I would have a really hard time I tried to make a deal with him that if we found the cat on the street that
I could keep it like if it didn't have a home
because
yeah, So like when we go on trips, I'm like scanning the side of the road because sometimes I'll see cats on the side of the road. And so I'm like,
and
I actually did see you on one time and I saw a dog one time. Either the times he agreed because we're going too fast apparently.
But
yeah, I have a, I have a friend. She's
like,
she's a student and she's like
a grade slash a cohort above mine and she fosters, she started fostering well, you know, we were at home more. Um, and so she's also in my lab. So I, you know, she meets with, I see her in meetings multiple times a week and she like whenever she turns her microphone on, you just hear little like muse in the background like all the time or like all of a sudden you'll see a cat like climbing up her shoulder.
It's super cute.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. That was a tough one, like, like our dogs get along pretty well, but the older dog is definitely like,
will be the one that put her the younger dog in her place if she bothered through too much. And my dog just For every $100, just like so high energy and she just always wants to place. And sometimes we have the older dogs just like, no, we're not doing that,
I think I I am glad that we have two dogs, like I think we'll always have two dogs, you know, like depends, I guess how old when one of them passes just because like you said, like if they're too old, it's almost like it feels unfair talk to them because they're so used to it, it's like,
you
know, if they if they don't have that much time, it's not like, I don't think it's fair to like, you know, like mess up their pattern of life.
like
they
should just be able to ride out there time of being a really old senior like that way. So it would depend, but
I think if the younger one is still pretty young, whenever the older one passes that we would get a new one, but it would,
yeah, I think, I think we, I think we made it, we went a little bit over. So we did
know, I know. And I've been the bad person, not show up before. What
stuff changes. So thank you for showing up as well. It was great to meet
you.
Thank you. Good luck in the future. Career endeavors.
I hope you find
something more permanent in your field.
See