right. Hey how are you?
I'm
how are you doing?
I didn't tell me what you know. Yeah summer. It's full swing. Uh
Picky too little hot. Uh What are we supposed to talk about?
I
don't
what?
Alright. Is this your first time doing this?
Well yeah the last time I was signed up to do it my partner never showed up. So
what?
I
would have been awkward
like
you.
Mm well how are you doing? I'm not sure if we're supposed to ask identifying questions like more movement. You are
conversation tips. That have been awesome. But well I am in Mississippi. Um Yeah well I think there are in America.
wow. Yeah so I'm all the way in the south. Ah
yeah I've never been to. Uh huh.
Okay that's free. Never been to one of those places I should
maybe after
Colgan.
Crazy
myself at all.
Are there any restrictions still going on over there?
New york is a very hot spot.
Please study you.
binary. Yeah.
Yeah I bet.
Oh information over alone
and that's cool.
Did you want to be like a curse or something?
But what's
the path to help find?
Are you interested in like diet and fitness? That kind of Okay.
girl I'm in grad school right now. Yeah.
Public administration. So it's pretty much policies, politics and public service, that kind of thing.
Yeah grad school. Yeah girl. Oh why didn't anybody tell me? There
should be a warning sign on the application page, you know to give you some information about
what you're about to get into.
Well
it
depends though but you know trump just signed the decree or well the lol whatever some days ago about not requiring. Uh huh. College education. Well favoring um experience
or over college over education so. Oh. Mhm.
And
say
I
don't
know,
I
feel like there
are certain
there's certain fields that require kind of just naturally require you to progress into your graduate school.
It's
pretty
cute.
hard.
Actually it was
same
for me
to kind of a natural progression to, okay, you have to go to grad school by the way. Um My grad school is actually PhD so maybe don't get don't get discouraged. My master's, my masters was a little bit um much easier then grad school, I enjoyed my master's grab. My PhD was great until now that I'm on my dissertation things. Yeah,
so it's just like whoa Oh hold up,
I don't want to do
this
anymore,
I don't want to I want to do this anymore. But
Oh maybe just about a year. Big breasts.
You
should
almost. Oh, but
it's usually the last leg. That is the hardest. You're just like,
I ridiculous.
that's right.
I just looked up and I have like, there's a wall in front of me and they're pieces of paper um pasted on the wall and I have this diet thing that I was supposed to be and I looked at it and I just laughed because you're wrong.
So I have, I will I have allergies. I get really bad allergies. Yeah. So um I started doing a lot of research about foods and information and things like that. So I decided to um like drop this elimination diet. I'm looking at it like, great, you're supposed to be four weeks. Did I even get to for me?
So
I print I set up all the things. I have a list of all the things that are supposed to have limited from my diet. I'm looking at it now. Like okay, foods to avoid milk,
cheese, sugar. Uh, Oh, coffee vinegar. Oh wait, I had coffee this morning. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of helpful. I think I realized that milk don't sit well with me.
I don't think I'm intolerant. I just, I feel, yeah, I got a lot of information when I drink milk. I noticed that. So that word is
I think the diet value an interesting path period to take because a lot of
our health issues really beginning from it artist.
But you're not like vegan where this is? Like, do you have a
I would
be different if you can't control your own access to you.
How do you call? Oh, so do you want to just, um, progress into grad school in the face for you? Thank you. Where else?
How is this road and moving
around?
the UK.
the UK
china banned americans from coming in and
Where
are
you?
You're
with
And you completed your trip? Was it towards the end of your trip or did you cut it short?
great.
Yeah. What did you do with Brendan?
That's
so
random.
that's so
I
mean
fred um that's pretty, where else in your attitude?
All
that's pretty cool.
And enjoy having. I love yeah
well I'm originally not americans so I'm from west Africa and yeah I think to a couple of places china um Amsterdam. The UK. Well London um what else am I going to Ghana? South africa Liberia? Uh on your love. North Korea. Yeah
it's pretty, yeah a while ago. Oh my goodness mm Yeah that's a bob
travel. Well I used to before breast you know.
thank
you.
No.
And
are you home?
Okay? It's easier when you're able to before this I guess. No, but if you have a good um you're you're able to cheer for yourself. He said you can do it.
girl
that looks after the strap you down. Oh my God. Well maybe not because I see some families are like, you know they have little kids if you're traveling up and down how
do
we
put
it?
and
over
like
this morning
I just
see how stressful obviously
a lot stressful I think.
all
How they do it But I always hate for the gram anyway. So moving on their social media face that you want you to see your store is completely different.
definitely. But yeah, so you should, people are going to africa sometime to know if that is something
God is pretty cool. South Africa. I think you'd enjoy it. Um,
I think it into a South africa and yeah, it's pretty cool too if you like Safaris.
yeah,
definitely.
For sure. I'd like that too. I, I can find something to do anywhere solution. I try to be adaptable in hidden wherever I go.
All right. All
It really
is. So
like it really, really is. Oh
my
because it's a train from London, it really is ever
lined up with the
doctor
murder
and
disgusting.
It is a dub Such I
think
what
I, but I'm really even okay, I'm looking forward to going to is probably maybe divide or because of the pictures that I see in the video, but and that is also like, I don't know, you know, is there really anything else to do besides shopping and and well
into
my life,
you
know, New york world,
we'll probably just Australia too.
wait,
what a cat may. It's next year though.
forget it.
Oh yeah, I get it. No.
Mhm. A lot of fun.
Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh no. Oh it was nice. You know how the only state someone has been
who Well
anyway
um Yeah, so um if you are still concerned uh issues, you should probably help people like me. No, I'm still suffering with my allergies. I do not. You figure out what it is. I do know
that sometimes when I eat certain things. Yeah.
girl,
I get good, I don't want to I don't think there are food allergies. I actually can't eat anything except for like maybe. Um But just like I don't eat pork. So that's just much about the only thing that well porter like you can see food and things like that work is more for religious purposes shrimp. Just the texture. I think it's gross.
Thank you. Uh huh.
So, but besides that I don't think I have any food allergies. But sometimes like I said, our body, everything starts from inside, right? So I understand that
it's probably something going on in there. Like something that I'm eating or maybe not even a year ago.
I get these. I know um some of them who are environmental like dust and yeah, pull in and stuff like that. But I'm mostly indians in the house so. Well for now he would spend months
corona.
Yeah. I don't go out much at all. I
feel bad information and I know it's from probably my sweet. I don't know.
That's
are
you,
are
you good with kids? Like do you think maybe um, Children's diet or something? What do you call it? All the sons die and you keep nutrition spike. I mean, are you guys?
that's pretty cold. Yeah, definitely. I don't, if you're going to that school, just stop it
now.
Ever
since I started vacation, I've had a lot of people ask me so much. No, don't do
it. Or your
marital
health
only.
But I feel like only if you want to go into education because I'm, I'm into education. So
Yeah, I feel like you should probably do. It made me a PhD should be, I probably should have left until like radar on in my life where if you are going to probably education or research, you know those kind of things. That Word two PhD. But if like for you feel ambassadors would be pretty cool. You know, she
really, maybe not so much now. I'm saying you can plan to do much later on. So. Yeah.
That's it.
no.
That's actually
even
pretty
great
time.
But keep it active, you know, a
pretty great time to go
back.
I
was
so cool. I love
that.
And
I
I hope you have a great day and stay safe. Okay.
You take care of yourself.