Hi,
how
about you?
I'm pretty okay. It's like super rainy and gross today where I am so I'm just telling
my God. I know.
I don't
know.
This was like kind of weird, but I was
like, you know what kind of interesting to
Yeah, it is. Is it yours?
Mm That's
annoying. I was like, I was not sure who's gonna show up. I was like, is it gonna be like a middle aged man or like what? Like
what is that?
I
know. I was thinking
that. I was like, I was like, what if they're like super creepy?
was not sure about that either or if it's supposed to be like covid related, you know, like socially what's going on or whatever. I wasn't sure.
Yeah, I am. I'm from New Hampshire.
gosh,
well there's like not much here, so you're not missing much. I actually grew up in the southwest, like I was born in Arizona and I lived in New Mexico and stuff like that, so.
Oh my gosh, honestly
you're
not miss. Yeah. Honestly if we're ever able to travel again, you know?
Pretty
crazy. Yeah. It's pretty crazy right now. So that's cool.
There's a lot of stuff like wearing masks and stuff when you go out and go to stores and stuff like that, but it's actually not too bad here, so that's good. Um Actually go to school in new york, not in the city, but I go to school in new york and it's like pretty bad there, so that's really interesting to hear that and no people who live in the city and stuff, so it's kind of wild.
Yeah. Yeah it is. So I know people who are like right right there and it's interesting hearing like their points of view on it and stuff like that. So
I'm setting health like health signs. Yeah. Yeah. So it's also like super relevant.
So I was online the whole second or second half of the second semester and like all my classes basically just became like covid like
yeah it was all related. I was like this is honestly just too much like I'm learning about in school and it's like online all this stuff stuff
for real for real. But it was good to be super informed about stuff.
Bye.
I
I'm not
yeah so I kind of like a general degree now but I'm kind of concentrating in nutrition so yeah, I might go down that route like registered dietitian or something like that. But we'll see.
Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of the path I would want to go town but I have to go to grad school and stuff like that so I still have a while.
How is that, what are you studying?
Oh wow, that's awesome.
Yeah, I'm like
my
Yeah, for real, but at the same time I feel like just in the society we live in like you have to get a grad degree, like you have to or you just like
it depends. I
don't know.
Like magic.
should be interesting for sure. Yeah. No, I don't know. I still have to decide. But also at the same time I'm like one of those people who really likes like being in school. I don't
know, I just
like learning and the idea of like starting my career in a few years is just like,
no,
I
think I need to just like stay in school
maybe a little longer.
I
don't know.
Yeah, that's like my
field, you
have
to go to grad school, you have to do like internships through grad
programs and like tests and stuff. So like there's just nothing I could really do like right out of college unless I totally like changed my path. So
that's
another
reason.
wow.
Wait,
we
just,
I can hold for
That's funny. How much longer do you have on that?
so you're
almost
done. You got this home running run?
You got this.
totally. No, totally. Yeah. And I can imagine how like Covid and all this has put a lot of stress on that. Like just starting like just at the end of it and then coming into like a world that's all this crazy. It is happening right now.
Yeah. No, I can imagine my younger sister is like just graduating high school and stuff and it's crazy seeing all the stuff she has to deal with. Like, well not as serious of getting like a career, like all her standardized testing has been like completely like cancelled and all this stuff and she's just like, what is going on? So that's just crazy for her to
I know, I know it's wild.
my gosh, that's so funny and
Oh my gosh, That
is too funny
girl.
Oh my God, it's too funny. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm actually lactose intolerant so I get that. Yeah.
See, but the thing is so many people are actually intolerant and it's not like serious, you can have like slight intolerances where me like I'm not very intolerant, but like my skin is clear, I sleep better and just like, I'm not so congested, you know, and I just feel a little like I can breathe a bit, little bit better and stuff when I just like take out the milk and like the cheese and stuff for me. But yeah,
and
yeah, and that's what I think too, it's like so much to do with diet and stuff, and also just like environmentally, like diet is so important and like your lifestyle and what you eat is so crazy how that impacts like the environment and like global warming and everything that's going on right now with that stuff. So I would love to kind of go down that route. We'll see though.
No, not right now. But I actually used to be vegan for like a couple of years. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, but I like fish now and eggs and stuff because at school it was actually just too hard to do it. Like at the dining hall I had a meal plan and I was just like, there's nothing for me to eat here, so I had to drop that.
But
I know, I know it was kind of annoying, but at the same time, I don't know, like I'm going to move into my first apartment this year off campus, so I'll definitely have a lot more control of my diet and stuff, so I'm very excited for that too. Just like kind of take that first step in, like having so much independence and stuff.
You know, I don't know. I know I want to go to grad school pretty soon after I finished my degree, maybe like a year or two afterward, maybe take a little time off to work or whatever. But I mean at this point, I don't know if traveling will be like part of that, so I don't even know if I'll really take that much time off because it would be great to take some time off to travel and go places but right now it's just like not in the cards so. Yeah.
No
no definitely not. And I've been hearing like especially being an american right now like other countries do not want us do
not want us to be coming
because.
Yeah. No for real. Which is just like really crazy. I was actually traveling in europe right when this was all happening. Yeah because
I went
on
I was in London and Scotland and it like the country closed two days after I came back.
Like I
was so scared. Yeah I was so scared because like when trump announced that the country was closing all my friends texted me like are you going to be able to come back like are you like a stranded in the U. K. And I was super scared. It was really freaky honestly and to be traveling and I went right to New york city like the flight and stuff so it was pretty like disorienting but I made it back. We're fine. I didn't get anything. I'm totally healthy so I don't know I guess I was lucky in that respect.
I actually managed to complete it. So the
last few things were a little stressful. But yeah we finished the entire trip.
Um My friend was actually traveling about she was studying abroad there so we stayed in her apartment in London and we went to like Buckingham Palace and all the sightseeing and randomly we like we were walking around and we saw like the Queen of England. Yeah. Yeah
like
I
don't know if you saw in the news that um that thing they did, that last service they did where all the royal family was there and it was like the last service where all the royal family, we were like their yeah
it was so weird. Were like what is going on, why are there so many people? And I asked someone and they're like oh the queen's coming out and like Prince William and all that, they're just like coming out in one second or so.
I
was like oh my god, okay so that was pretty crazy.
What other countries? Um Let's see um I've been to Germany, I went on exchange in high school and I went to Germany um I went to Costa rica for a vacation and I oh I went on spring break to Canada one year so
that was pretty fun. Yeah but I plan I want to travel a lot in my life so I hope to go to a lot more places.
So.
Where have you been? Have you been out of the country?
gosh you've been through a lot of places. That's so cool.
That's a pretty good list though I'd say.
For real. For real. That's the thing, it's like hard to like fit it in like because you want to be able to go and travel but it's so expensive and stuff like that and just the way life takes you, it's like okay I got to go to college and then oh I have to go to grad school and then oh
I
can't stop, I have to go get my job and then you're like where where have I like where's my life gone? So I don't know, I'm like so scared that's just gonna happen. And I'm gonna be like old and like why did
I travel more? So I'm just trying to like fitted in as much as possible and
stuff.
But
Yeah, exactly. As long as you don't like start having kids and like that's
when you're like, but
Like
those
little
like
travel family, they're like how we sold everything we owned and decided to travel
the world.
I'm like, what?
Like
honestly that's the goal. But also like that's like
how,
yeah, I know how it's funny and
no. Yeah, no, I think it would be pretty stressful to, it would be good to have like just like a place like where is your home? And you can kind
of go there and have a place to like decompress and stuff, especially with young kids. But yeah.
That's true. That's true too. Yeah. That's just like really stressful to have that your life be your job, just like showcasing your life and that's your job and you have to be perfect all the time and stuff. I don't know, that would be a lot of stress and I feel like that would take a toll mentally for sure.
Yeah. No, totally. I would totally consider that for sure.
Yeah. I actually really considered going abroad to South Africa. I love, I just love the idea of going to South Africa and like the pictures and stuff. It looks gorgeous. I would love to visit some point.
Yes. Oh my gosh, I just like, anyplace I find I find something interesting about it, like I think I could go anywhere and enjoy it. You know what I mean? Like I couldn't just discount one place. Like I think you could go anywhere and find something super cool
about
it.
No, totally. And see like the amazing beauty about every single place you go to, like you don't just have to go to paris where everyone
goes like the number. It's like, I mean people even say like paris is kind of like a dump. It's kind of a gross
sitting.
That's
what
I hear.
it's
funny.
Yeah, I know, it's honestly kind of gross
and like right
in the
city
and
everyone
goes.
like
any
time, any time it's like a city I've been to New york city and everyone like it's so glamorous and stuff. I hate new york city,
it's so
gross, it's so smelly, it's so loud. I hate it so much. I honestly so much prefer like more like wilderness nature and stuff like that. I love Canada. I really want to go to like Alberta. It's like, yeah, like it's super gorgeous and they have like national parks and stuff. I would love to do that.
Mhm. Yeah. My friends were considering they were going to study abroad next year in Australia and I feel so bad because none of them can now, which is sad
like there
there. I mean like next semester all the programs were cancelled. Yeah.
Yeah, like next school year, that's what I mean.
feel so bad for them. I know. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. They were really excited and they were going to go travel around Asia and stuff. I'm like that sucks.
I think it was like 25 minutes so like five more minutes I guess
just
to make sure.
Well
yeah. So is it like a food allergy or like plants or like what kind of allergies is
that?
understandable,
understandable.
totally,
totally, totally.
Oh yeah, for real,
no, same same girlfriend.
me neither.
Yeah, I mean like honestly you might like the dairy, it sounds like a good idea at least to cut the dairy because for me personally I find like a lot of congestion comes from like the lactose and stuff like that. And like there's so many alternatives, like I drink almond milk and I think it's good, I love almond milk and there's like oat milk is super good and coconut milk, there's just so many alternatives for dairy that like I don't even miss out on anything and everyone is like oh what about like ice cream? But like, hello, I I eat like sorbet and stuff. I love sorbet and there's also so many non dairy ice creams now. Like there's such a huge
market for non dairy like products and stuff like that. So out of like anything, honestly dairy is probably the biggest thing for like congestion and stuff I would say. But you know like everyone is different so who
knows?
Who
knows?
Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, I'm like not super positive yet, but we'll have to see I think um in like the grad program they kind of have you like intern and check out different areas because there's a lot of different areas that you can specialize in so we'll have to see.
I
will take that
into consideration. Yeah.
man.
my
gosh.
Uh huh. Oh man.
But you're gonna be so proud when you're done, you're almost done
around.
totally.
Yeah, true. That's the thing about education, like you can always go back to it, which is so cool. Like you can always continue learning
and I think people forget that like you don't have to stop going to school just because you're like an adult or whatever, you know?
And like I think that's a great idea like if you're retired and stuff like go learn
some things,
you know,
keep
yourself
like going.
Yeah,
no,
totally. Um my school has a program where there's a retirement home in our town and all the people at the retirement home get to take free classes at
my
school,
so
sometimes you'll be in class and there will be like a little old lady in the corner like doing it this stuff and I think it's so cool because it's just so good to keep that going and keep your self, like mentally bright and stuff in old age. So I think it's cool. But I think I think that's our time we've been on for like 25 minutes, so thanks
for talking
with me. I had a good conversation.
Yeah. You as well.
You too. Bye.