SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm No, man. Oh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Uh huh Uh huh. Mhm For over seven years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Uh huh. Mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. What? Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. I mean, just thank you so much. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm I know. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: What are you?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Doing good. Sorry, I almost missed this completely. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Because oh God, got kind of tired, but he's conflict. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: feel that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Also don't sleep. Oh, feels
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: so. I don't think you didn't sound tired. Yes. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Lindsay
SPEAKER_L: Hi. I'm rude. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: For for like bottles. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: That makes really great. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: That's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So are you on the beer money subreddit to?
SPEAKER_L: I'll line up. I recently joined. I just joined. I've been using realistic for a while. I heard the bottom of the on Tiktok and I was like, yeah, I got nothing to do.
SPEAKER_R: Tic tac. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sometimes the fact is like a lot less reliable I feel. But sometimes sometimes I get the, to be honest, this was like the only website that was actually good. So,
SPEAKER_R: All the others were kind of like going to give a pass on that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So they keep recommending becoming a notary republic. Yeah. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just don't want just, of course a lot of people are like, yeah, it's worth it. Like it's, I think of course it was $100 and like the, and the bay is like reasonable I think, but I just could not understand exactly what the republic is. I was like, if I don't get, probably should like,
SPEAKER_R: Like if I, if I can't figure out what the job is, I shouldn't be trying. Fair enough. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think is that like because I've seen before where people like meeting a Starbucks or whatever and the like have somebody show up. He's like, I'm a notary republic and I have to be here when you like sign this document. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: basically
SPEAKER_R: kind of know what that is then.
SPEAKER_L: and they stamp it. This stamp, is that sound like you paid for the stamp? I think. I mean like I'm sure there's like some work involved but like I think it's just. Damn that matters.
SPEAKER_R: probably. Yeah. But like man what's what's like stopping you from just like buying a stamp and then being like I'm a Notary Republic pay me to stamp this. Like I'm sure that counts as fraud. That's probably
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: what's stopping people. But wow. Huh? I hadn't even thought of that as like a possible thing to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm like considering it's more and more as a job hunt is becoming uh this because apparently like a lot of real estate people like they need to know the Republic because they need to make it official but I still don't understand what it is.
SPEAKER_R: You said you said the course was like less than 100.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. But it could be like more, I'm really uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: experts so I should like I prefer this. Um Not an expert.
SPEAKER_R: I guess if interested google yourself because fair enough look
SPEAKER_L: You know I actually applied to work for prolific. They're hiring. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: but they're mostly hire engineers but they are hiring one like public like you know like um public relationship saying I was like I could do that. I have. Thank you. I doubt there hire me because like I feel like they hire somebody already, so I was like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Might as well put in the application you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the job houses like,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Right now it is brutal. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was like, luckily able to get an unpaid internship like last month and so, and that was like the height of like this is like side of like my application efforts.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I'm actually working for Apple right now doing there. They have a projects were like you research social media disinformation so well like show you a post and be like is anything in this factual And you gotta go like research the things. It's actually like He's like $9 an hour and it's a lot of fucking work for what they're paying you. It's like I've been doing that for like a month and I'm already we're looking for another job. Thank you. There's
SPEAKER_L: like this.
SPEAKER_R: there's just not a whole lot out there right now, honestly.
SPEAKER_L: No, no. And like I recently graduated college and because I was a moron, I didn't like do enough internship
SPEAKER_R: You didn't hear?
SPEAKER_L: to have enough experience. And now I'm like trying to apply to like internships or something like that, like, you know, entry level very little is like, oh, like that's not Shakespeare or something, like you would know, you're like, this is injury level, right? Like, Well five years of experience a recent college graduates and you were like entry level like you do. Yeah. Yeah, I don't
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: gotten really like the job market generals gotten really bad. We're like they'll require a whole bunch of experience or like a college degree for like a position that absolutely does not need a college degree. Like I was reading something about that were like, you know like secretaries or like some office work like that were like it's never in the history of anything required a college degree and it's not like the job's gotten harder, like it's the same job, but now they're like, yeah you have to have, you know, a bachelor's degree at least. Like why? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Just high competition.
SPEAKER_R: I have. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that, that's just really frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was actually just reading an article on my film. I was waiting for you uh called like millennials will encourage their kids basically to like not go to college. Is this the end of college as we know it? Yeah. The bird flu. Like Compared to 1965, there was only 9% of people who graduated college, You know, there's like 36%. Which doesn't seem like a lot, but all employees want like college degree cell.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of think though like as the population ages up and like, you know like millennials gen z, all that kind of come into like higher up positions, I think that's going to change again because we've seen like this whole generation, that's just like why the fuck did I need to get a college degree then they'll get into higher positions to be like, we don't mean college degrees to hire this person like knock that
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: off there.
SPEAKER_L: or they will feel like, well I have to get a college degree. I won't like to spread the suffering.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, I hope not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good more people are becoming interesting like um trades whole lately.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean honestly it's a good option for a lot of people. Like I at one point looked through a lot of stuff that was like electricians and plumbers and all that stuff, it's a perfectly good job, usually can get into like a union position which is even better and they pay like really good amounts of money honestly. So it's like damn honestly would have thought, I wish I had known more about that when I was going through school because I got a degree in psychology and now it's just like fucking nobody wants to die or something with a degree in psychology just like I might as well have done something else, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Like like they're gonna hire someone like they want an extra thing like they want both crabs, which is like, well what's the point? I'm actually starting to consider like graduate school, not for anything just for the job market and and just to wait to hold it up because apparently like graduate degrees, if you like to do it properly, you'll be paid. I was like mm I guess it will be a story of like a job,
SPEAKER_R: pretty much. I mean it's like because I've got a friend who's doing her masters right now and like her school's paid for through like you know I mean loans or scholarships or whatever she's got but she also like works for the school that she's getting her masters from, you know, she'll do teaching positions or you know, whatever they've got available at the time. It's like, yeah, she her school's paid for, her housing is paid for and she's got like jobs on top of it for the school that she's going to
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It actually sounds pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: right, especially right now where it's just like, because then it would be like, you know, a couple more years for the job market to sort itself out like hopefully by then. So yeah, I can see the appeal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. In my school like they were like the graduates to them were like trying to unionize because they should like they should unionize apparently like there is issue with their health insurance and that is they have to be on the school health insurance which is more expensive than like they need um It's actually a good insurance, just more expensive than they could, you know? And apparently not that great for graduates doing with families because their families have to be in that it's like their husband or wife has an insurance, better insurance and they're like job they're like you can't do that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that does kind of suck. Yeah. Yeah, I know, that is a good thing. The union is over you right. Yeah. I wouldn't be happy with that either.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but I guess like if somebody is single and like grad school they're fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Just something we're like, yeah, I could see that like if you've got a family and they're working to be like, you know, I'd rather be on like that insurance that wouldn't cost me as much because God knows healthcare costs can be absurd anymore. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what else talk about, have you seen any good movies lately or tv shows?
SPEAKER_R: I'm like the worst person to ask that question too. I like don't watch movies or tv anymore. Um I watch like comedy clips on Youtube that is about all that my attention span will like let me do these days just
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I look like At least 60% for maybe even 90% are comedy clips on YouTube but sometimes I like you know want something serious. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well it's like, I don't know, I just like life being what it has been this year. I feel so burnt out. Like all the time. It's just like sitting down and paying attention to like, especially a movie right now,
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: an hour and a half to, it's like I can't do it guys. All of my mental energy goes into just life stuff every day. Like I just need to, at the end of the day, sit in front of Youtube and watch a bunch of stuff that's like going to make me laugh and not going to require me to think like at all basically.
SPEAKER_L: yeah if I'm watching something I'm on my film because um I just can't be measurably and like I I don't think any movie should be over two hours like the movies like two hours I'm like oh no this is. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: at like my best energy levels and concentration. Like if a movie is past two hours and just like
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: you're gonna have to spark notes that for me like I'm not gonna
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: rule has been through that.
SPEAKER_L: two hours should have been a TV show you should have like because the T. V. Show I think like the last thing I fully watch was this tv show on netflix called paranormal. Um It's Egyptian. I'm not Egyptian but I am arab yeah it's it's a horseshoe ask but it's all about like the main actor. Is that what the comedian? So like it's a stand up come like but in a horror role role kind
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of like.
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah yeah like um he's like very very dry humor. Well it was like interesting because are you gonna ever watch it because I kind of like want to talk to you about uh like I was like because who the real villain was revealed as?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, go for it. Like if you want to talk about it, feel free.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry like if you ever watch it but actually maybe watch because it's really good and I don't think needs will will spoil it that much. I've been with the real villain and Lucifer like
SPEAKER_R: Do what?
SPEAKER_L: Lucifer the actual devil because like the entire movie like I mean tv show like there was this little girl this girl and she was hunting the main character, It was super creepy. They met when she was like his first love when they were like 10 years old but then he became an adult and she's still a ghost because she was dead for like a while and she just keeps hunting him and he's like oh my God this is so awful like she just hunting me and like I feel like curse because of her. Yeah and and then she was like I wasn't like the one trying to hurt you, I was trying to protect you from Lucifer and she's like he's like Lucifer what did I ever do to piss up Lucifer? Right?
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's actually it's like really weird like this is like yep this is the final boss.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that does actually sound really? You said it was called paranormal?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's on netflix.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'll have to look that up because it does sound interesting. Probably
SPEAKER_L: I want
SPEAKER_R: heard of it before.
SPEAKER_L: probably not. Um I try to pay attention to all like the Arabic show things and on netflix All of them are not that great. But this one was actually when there's only six episodes but like an episode like 40 minutes an hour to an hour.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I can totally do that. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: like it actually has a bad C. G. I. But the good sense of humor feels like um main character keep complaining. Like his coffee is built because he's hunted like the ghosts are like but in the first few of us so he's like oh there's no such thing as ghosts. Never was like arab that's a ghost, I see nothing, there is no ghost. What are you guys like? Crazy like you can't believe in girls I like and he's the one who's like defeating the evil but also what the description is that he's a sad sack. This is his description people like why are they? So because like he's supposed to be a loser, but also he's an employee professor and like he's a doctor to like he's a medical professor and and he's like apparently an expert and like his field both is such a loser, like everyone's like they want you to know this is a loser, it was like ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: I'll have to look it up because I haven't I haven't like sat down to try to watch a show in ages, like the last thing I watched God.
SPEAKER_L: I think yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It might have been. What was that? Was that like cartoon show? It's also on netflix, it's about like a princess back and like fantasy times but she's really rebellious. It was it was done by the same guy who did
SPEAKER_L: Encampments
SPEAKER_R: do what was it?
SPEAKER_L: this enchantment, you're
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: would, I think that was the last one.
SPEAKER_L: little devil guy. Um Also the health and the princess name is beanie. No,
SPEAKER_R: that was it.
SPEAKER_L: it's a great show. Um Dude was great, I like that was who was supposed to be the evil stepmother una because like the first thing that I just felt bad for her, well then she went off and become, and by her quick, I'm like, oh molly good for her, Good for her,
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: You can.
SPEAKER_R: that one that one was good, that one was really funny uh overnight like. Yeah I just don't watch movies and tv and I know I actually used to watch all the time like those old Like be sort of horror movies from like the 50s and 60s, those kind of things where it's like no attack of the crab monsters or whatever,
SPEAKER_L: I felt
SPEAKER_R: the ones that were just really goofy.
SPEAKER_L: um on amazon there is like a virus like movie macabre it was just a bunch of bad movies that Elvira presented.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, I think I know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah one of them was like the attack of like the well the amazon the become force or something like that. Everyone was shot at my school how like oh my god that's I know this like I was watching it and I was like wait a minute. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's wild.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but it was like shot in like the 80s and my school was like got a bunch of buildings. We didn't know it. I was like it took me a while a second but then they showed the bell tower we have a bolt up I. C. U. C. Riverside. Um Yeah and they showed the bill shower I was like Miami I know that bell tower because it's like we're looking I was like yeah then I google and they're like oh yes and you see our history, this movie was shot at U. C. Are you may recognize very library was like oh yeah that's where library and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I actually um I moved out there in March but I used to stay with this um lady where I like rented the top floor of her house basically and she was on the bottom floor and she had actually had a group come through because it's like this old victorian house, so it's like basically the perfect place to shoot a horror film. So she said she had listed it online because she had found a place where you could be like I have a house, you want to pay me money, you can like come use my house as a film set basically. She put it on there expecting to get like, I don't know, commercials or whatever coming through um just smaller things and she said no, she had an entire horror crew in her house for like two or 3 months I think she was saying.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she was like, yeah, I wouldn't do that again. She was just like, yeah, there was just screaming all the time and you know, sounds of you know, whatever crazy thing they were doing and she was like, and you wouldn't believe it, how difficult it is to clean up after a film crew because I guess she hadn't put in her web contract that she did. Like, you have to clean up after yourselves once you leave my house from shooting this horror film, she was like, yeah, I had to hire professionals to like come in after them after this horror crew. I was like, it does not sound like it was worth the money you got, but I guess it's a story you can tell people now like yes
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: Snow?
SPEAKER_R: was like a horror film set in my house.
SPEAKER_L: Does she know what movie?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah mm She did I don't remember the name at this point, this was months ago she told me about that uh some smaller like indie horror film that it wasn't like a big company or anything, it was something local to our area I'm pretty sure but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that's cool. I said that's cool. Yeah. I actually live in the Greater Los Angeles area but I never saw any movie stars. Yeah. I was like it's like actually hard because all my friends like oh yeah I saw this are so that we sorry I'm like that's cool. Work does to happen? Why am I like?
SPEAKER_R: like where do I need to show up you guys? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Kind of like some of them were like back when like before the pandemic um a lot of like those like tv shows like Ellen jimmy Kimmel, you know they're filming in Los Angeles and the tickets are free. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think like well right now you probably can. But yeah if you actually just go to their website they give the tickets for free. It's like that's how they go and they want to a bunch of them because well they live nearby, they kiss are free. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: somebody
SPEAKER_R: not Got free time?
SPEAKER_L: yeah some people who like um are traveling to L. A. They like go to the website and I try to get a ticket during their day. Some days are more popular than the others. What like if you keep working you should like get a day.
SPEAKER_R: Mm that's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think like they're like also in new york to and probably other places too right? Apparently like a bunch of studios they just or like they wanna live audience every day, they have the tickets have to be free.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well that makes sense actually yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like
SPEAKER_R: it's not asleep like I wouldn't be paying a whole lot of money for a tip. It like that so makes sense. Group. I know I had well not my friend but my ex fiance actually he had a friend who like he didn't get in the audience on the Ellen show. He actually was but he was such a like super fan of her show. Like his friends like wrote letters and or something to be like you have to get him like onto your show like on the actual show and she did it. She actually pulled him up as a guest and then on his birthday one year she like showed up where he worked because I guess he works at a hospital in the area. So it was just like yeah 11 of his birthday's Ellen was just at his hospital. Like
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of cool actually.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean like it's probably like attention girl from her part but so cool because you know, I feel like it only happened because he worked in the hospital because
SPEAKER_R: Probably.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Well no I mean like that's good pr for her to be like look I showed up on my fans birthday at this hospital like
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: I'm such a good and awesome person. It's like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: all right. That's a little disingenuous. But you know what? He was excited. So I guess good for her and him.
SPEAKER_L: yeah like everyone benefited sure all of it and she brought to you know people benefit from attention grabs too. I
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like or that
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I actually watched the clip of that one and he was just like in the hospital like screaming his head off. He was like, what the fuck do you mean Ellen's here? Like that's kind of cute,
SPEAKER_L: oh that's a more mhm tons
SPEAKER_R: From
SPEAKER_L: up so you want to go?
SPEAKER_R: are we at time? Oh yeah. Cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Well it was nice meeting you. Um I enjoy talking to you and I had fun. I laughed which is very nice. Thank you have a eggs
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: to know it was nice talking to you. Oh God, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: my phone's going on. It's distracted.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, well that's fine. Well good luck with your job hunt.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you too. Yes. And good. I guess good luck if you decide to go back to school or anything like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that. But