Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm No, man. Oh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Uh huh Uh huh. Mhm For over seven years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Uh huh. Mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. What? Mhm Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. I mean, just thank you so much. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm I know. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Uh huh
What are you?
that's okay. How are you?
Because oh God, got kind of tired, but he's conflict. Yeah.
Also don't sleep. Oh, feels
so. I don't think you didn't sound tired. Yes. Okay.
All right.
Hi. I'm rude. Mm hmm.
For for like bottles. Yeah.
Mhm
That's fine.
I'll line up. I recently joined. I just joined. I've been using realistic for a while. I heard the bottom of the on Tiktok and I was like, yeah, I got nothing to do.
Yeah. Sometimes the fact is like a lot less reliable I feel. But sometimes sometimes I get the, to be honest, this was like the only website that was actually good. So,
Yeah. So they keep recommending becoming a notary republic. Yeah. Yeah. I
just don't want just, of course a lot of people are like, yeah, it's worth it. Like it's, I think of course it was $100 and like the, and the bay is like reasonable I think, but I just could not understand exactly what the republic is. I was like, if I don't get, probably should like,
yeah.
That
basically
and they stamp it. This stamp, is that sound like you paid for the stamp? I think. I mean like I'm sure there's like some work involved but like I think it's just. Damn that matters.
Absolutely.
Yeah. I'm like considering it's more and more as a job hunt is becoming uh this because apparently like a lot of real estate people like they need to know the Republic because they need to make it official but I still don't understand what it is.
Yeah, I think so. But it could be like more, I'm really uh
experts so I should like I prefer this. Um Not an expert.
You know I actually applied to work for prolific. They're hiring. Yeah
but they're mostly hire engineers but they are hiring one like public like you know like um public relationship saying I was like I could do that. I have. Thank you. I doubt there hire me because like I feel like they hire somebody already, so I was like, yeah.
Yeah, the job houses like,
yeah, I was like, luckily able to get an unpaid internship like last month and so, and that was like the height of like this is like side of like my application efforts.
like this.
No, no. And like I recently graduated college and because I was a moron, I didn't like do enough internship
to have enough experience. And now I'm like trying to apply to like internships or something like that, like, you know, entry level very little is like, oh, like that's not Shakespeare or something, like you would know, you're like, this is injury level, right? Like, Well five years of experience a recent college graduates and you were like entry level like you do. Yeah. Yeah, I don't
you?
Just high competition.
Yeah, I was actually just reading an article on my film. I was waiting for you uh called like millennials will encourage their kids basically to like not go to college. Is this the end of college as we know it? Yeah. The bird flu. Like Compared to 1965, there was only 9% of people who graduated college, You know, there's like 36%. Which doesn't seem like a lot, but all employees want like college degree cell.
One
or they will feel like, well I have to get a college degree. I won't like to spread the suffering.
Yeah. Good more people are becoming interesting like um trades whole lately.
Yeah. Yeah. Like like they're gonna hire someone like they want an extra thing like they want both crabs, which is like, well what's the point? I'm actually starting to consider like graduate school, not for anything just for the job market and and just to wait to hold it up because apparently like graduate degrees, if you like to do it properly, you'll be paid. I was like mm I guess it will be a story of like a job,
Yeah. It actually sounds pretty good.
Yeah. In my school like they were like the graduates to them were like trying to unionize because they should like they should unionize apparently like there is issue with their health insurance and that is they have to be on the school health insurance which is more expensive than like they need um It's actually a good insurance, just more expensive than they could, you know? And apparently not that great for graduates doing with families because their families have to be in that it's like their husband or wife has an insurance, better insurance and they're like job they're like you can't do that.
Yeah but I guess like if somebody is single and like grad school they're fine.
Okay. So
what else talk about, have you seen any good movies lately or tv shows?
what
I look like At least 60% for maybe even 90% are comedy clips on YouTube but sometimes I like you know want something serious. Yeah
on
the,
yeah if I'm watching something I'm on my film because um I just can't be measurably and like I I don't think any movie should be over two hours like the movies like two hours I'm like oh no this is. Uh huh.
What
they
two hours should have been a TV show you should have like because the T. V. Show I think like the last thing I fully watch was this tv show on netflix called paranormal. Um It's Egyptian. I'm not Egyptian but I am arab yeah it's it's a horseshoe ask but it's all about like the main actor. Is that what the comedian? So like it's a stand up come like but in a horror role role kind
of like.
Yeah yeah like um he's like very very dry humor. Well it was like interesting because are you gonna ever watch it because I kind of like want to talk to you about uh like I was like because who the real villain was revealed as?
I'm sorry like if you ever watch it but actually maybe watch because it's really good and I don't think needs will will spoil it that much. I've been with the real villain and Lucifer like
Lucifer the actual devil because like the entire movie like I mean tv show like there was this little girl this girl and she was hunting the main character, It was super creepy. They met when she was like his first love when they were like 10 years old but then he became an adult and she's still a ghost because she was dead for like a while and she just keeps hunting him and he's like oh my God this is so awful like she just hunting me and like I feel like curse because of her. Yeah and and then she was like I wasn't like the one trying to hurt you, I was trying to protect you from Lucifer and she's like he's like Lucifer what did I ever do to piss up Lucifer? Right?
Yeah it's actually it's like really weird like this is like yep this is the final boss.
Yeah it's on netflix.
I want
probably not. Um I try to pay attention to all like the Arabic show things and on netflix All of them are not that great. But this one was actually when there's only six episodes but like an episode like 40 minutes an hour to an hour.
like it actually has a bad C. G. I. But the good sense of humor feels like um main character keep complaining. Like his coffee is built because he's hunted like the ghosts are like but in the first few of us so he's like oh there's no such thing as ghosts. Never was like arab that's a ghost, I see nothing, there is no ghost. What are you guys like? Crazy like you can't believe in girls I like and he's the one who's like defeating the evil but also what the description is that he's a sad sack. This is his description people like why are they? So because like he's supposed to be a loser, but also he's an employee professor and like he's a doctor to like he's a medical professor and and he's like apparently an expert and like his field both is such a loser, like everyone's like they want you to know this is a loser, it was like ridiculous.
I think yeah.
Encampments
this enchantment, you're
like
little devil guy. Um Also the health and the princess name is beanie. No,
it's a great show. Um Dude was great, I like that was who was supposed to be the evil stepmother una because like the first thing that I just felt bad for her, well then she went off and become, and by her quick, I'm like, oh molly good for her, Good for her,
You can.
I felt
um on amazon there is like a virus like movie macabre it was just a bunch of bad movies that Elvira presented.
Yeah one of them was like the attack of like the well the amazon the become force or something like that. Everyone was shot at my school how like oh my god that's I know this like I was watching it and I was like wait a minute. Uh huh.
Yeah but it was like shot in like the 80s and my school was like got a bunch of buildings. We didn't know it. I was like it took me a while a second but then they showed the bell tower we have a bolt up I. C. U. C. Riverside. Um Yeah and they showed the bill shower I was like Miami I know that bell tower because it's like we're looking I was like yeah then I google and they're like oh yes and you see our history, this movie was shot at U. C. Are you may recognize very library was like oh yeah that's where library and yeah.
What?
the
Snow?
Does she know what movie?
Yeah. Well that's cool. I said that's cool. Yeah. I actually live in the Greater Los Angeles area but I never saw any movie stars. Yeah. I was like it's like actually hard because all my friends like oh yeah I saw this are so that we sorry I'm like that's cool. Work does to happen? Why am I like?
Yeah. Kind of like some of them were like back when like before the pandemic um a lot of like those like tv shows like Ellen jimmy Kimmel, you know they're filming in Los Angeles and the tickets are free. Yeah.
Yeah I think like well right now you probably can. But yeah if you actually just go to their website they give the tickets for free. It's like that's how they go and they want to a bunch of them because well they live nearby, they kiss are free. Yeah
somebody
yeah some people who like um are traveling to L. A. They like go to the website and I try to get a ticket during their day. Some days are more popular than the others. What like if you keep working you should like get a day.
Yeah I think like they're like also in new york to and probably other places too right? Apparently like a bunch of studios they just or like they wanna live audience every day, they have the tickets have to be free.
Yeah it's like
Well
yeah, I mean like it's probably like attention girl from her part but so cool because you know, I feel like it only happened because he worked in the hospital because
like
well
and
yeah like everyone benefited sure all of it and she brought to you know people benefit from attention grabs too. I
like or that
oh that's a more mhm tons
up so you want to go?
Well it was nice meeting you. Um I enjoy talking to you and I had fun. I laughed which is very nice. Thank you have a eggs
now
the
yeah, well that's fine. Well good luck with your job hunt.
and