mm hmm.
Right. Doing good. Sorry, I almost missed this completely. Okay.
I'm doing good. How are you?
feel that. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay.
I'm Lindsay
to meet you. Okay.
Okay.
That makes really great. Sorry.
Uh So are you on the beer money subreddit to?
Tic tac. Really?
All the others were kind of like going to give a pass on that. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Like if I, if I can't figure out what the job is, I shouldn't be trying. Fair enough. Uh huh
I think is that like because I've seen before where people like meeting a Starbucks or whatever and the like have somebody show up. He's like, I'm a notary republic and I have to be here when you like sign this document. Okay.
I
kind of know what that is then.
probably. Yeah. But like man what's what's like stopping you from just like buying a stamp and then being like I'm a Notary Republic pay me to stamp this. Like I'm sure that counts as fraud. That's probably
what's stopping people. But wow. Huh? I hadn't even thought of that as like a possible thing to do.
You said you said the course was like less than 100.
Uh huh.
I guess if interested google yourself because fair enough look
Uh huh.
Might as well put in the application you know.
Uh Right now it is brutal. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I'm actually working for Apple right now doing there. They have a projects were like you research social media disinformation so well like show you a post and be like is anything in this factual And you gotta go like research the things. It's actually like He's like $9 an hour and it's a lot of fucking work for what they're paying you. It's like I've been doing that for like a month and I'm already we're looking for another job. Thank you. There's
there's just not a whole lot out there right now, honestly.
You didn't hear?
It's
gotten really like the job market generals gotten really bad. We're like they'll require a whole bunch of experience or like a college degree for like a position that absolutely does not need a college degree. Like I was reading something about that were like, you know like secretaries or like some office work like that were like it's never in the history of anything required a college degree and it's not like the job's gotten harder, like it's the same job, but now they're like, yeah you have to have, you know, a bachelor's degree at least. Like why? Oh
I have. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that, that's just really frustrating.
I kind of think though like as the population ages up and like, you know like millennials gen z, all that kind of come into like higher up positions, I think that's going to change again because we've seen like this whole generation, that's just like why the fuck did I need to get a college degree then they'll get into higher positions to be like, we don't mean college degrees to hire this person like knock that
off there.
Oh God, I hope not.
Yeah, I mean honestly it's a good option for a lot of people. Like I at one point looked through a lot of stuff that was like electricians and plumbers and all that stuff, it's a perfectly good job, usually can get into like a union position which is even better and they pay like really good amounts of money honestly. So it's like damn honestly would have thought, I wish I had known more about that when I was going through school because I got a degree in psychology and now it's just like fucking nobody wants to die or something with a degree in psychology just like I might as well have done something else, you know?
pretty much. I mean it's like because I've got a friend who's doing her masters right now and like her school's paid for through like you know I mean loans or scholarships or whatever she's got but she also like works for the school that she's getting her masters from, you know, she'll do teaching positions or you know, whatever they've got available at the time. It's like, yeah, she her school's paid for, her housing is paid for and she's got like jobs on top of it for the school that she's going to
right, especially right now where it's just like, because then it would be like, you know, a couple more years for the job market to sort itself out like hopefully by then. So yeah, I can see the appeal.
Oh, that does kind of suck. Yeah. Yeah, I know, that is a good thing. The union is over you right. Yeah. I wouldn't be happy with that either.
Yeah. Just something we're like, yeah, I could see that like if you've got a family and they're working to be like, you know, I'd rather be on like that insurance that wouldn't cost me as much because God knows healthcare costs can be absurd anymore. Okay.
Yeah.
I'm like the worst person to ask that question too. I like don't watch movies or tv anymore. Um I watch like comedy clips on Youtube that is about all that my attention span will like let me do these days just
like
Well it's like, I don't know, I just like life being what it has been this year. I feel so burnt out. Like all the time. It's just like sitting down and paying attention to like, especially a movie right now,
it's like
an hour and a half to, it's like I can't do it guys. All of my mental energy goes into just life stuff every day. Like I just need to, at the end of the day, sit in front of Youtube and watch a bunch of stuff that's like going to make me laugh and not going to require me to think like at all basically.
at like my best energy levels and concentration. Like if a movie is past two hours and just like
you're gonna have to spark notes that for me like I'm not gonna
rule has been through that.
that's
interesting.
Oh, go for it. Like if you want to talk about it, feel free.
Do what?
Okay.
Oh, that does actually sound really? You said it was called paranormal?
Okay, I'll have to look that up because it does sound interesting. Probably
heard of it before.
Oh, I can totally do that. Mhm
I'll have to look it up because I haven't I haven't like sat down to try to watch a show in ages, like the last thing I watched God.
Okay. It might have been. What was that? Was that like cartoon show? It's also on netflix, it's about like a princess back and like fantasy times but she's really rebellious. It was it was done by the same guy who did
do what was it?
that
would, I think that was the last one.
that was it.
No
that one that one was good, that one was really funny uh overnight like. Yeah I just don't watch movies and tv and I know I actually used to watch all the time like those old Like be sort of horror movies from like the 50s and 60s, those kind of things where it's like no attack of the crab monsters or whatever,
the ones that were just really goofy.
Oh yeah, yeah, I think I know what you're talking about.
that's wild.
I actually um I moved out there in March but I used to stay with this um lady where I like rented the top floor of her house basically and she was on the bottom floor and she had actually had a group come through because it's like this old victorian house, so it's like basically the perfect place to shoot a horror film. So she said she had listed it online because she had found a place where you could be like I have a house, you want to pay me money, you can like come use my house as a film set basically. She put it on there expecting to get like, I don't know, commercials or whatever coming through um just smaller things and she said no, she had an entire horror crew in her house for like two or 3 months I think she was saying.
Yeah, she was like, yeah, I wouldn't do that again. She was just like, yeah, there was just screaming all the time and you know, sounds of you know, whatever crazy thing they were doing and she was like, and you wouldn't believe it, how difficult it is to clean up after a film crew because I guess she hadn't put in her web contract that she did. Like, you have to clean up after yourselves once you leave my house from shooting this horror film, she was like, yeah, I had to hire professionals to like come in after them after this horror crew. I was like, it does not sound like it was worth the money you got, but I guess it's a story you can tell people now like yes
it
was like a horror film set in my house.
Yeah mm She did I don't remember the name at this point, this was months ago she told me about that uh some smaller like indie horror film that it wasn't like a big company or anything, it was something local to our area I'm pretty sure but
like where do I need to show up you guys? Yeah
I didn't know that.
why
not Got free time?
Mm that's kind of cool.
Oh well that makes sense actually yeah
it's not asleep like I wouldn't be paying a whole lot of money for a tip. It like that so makes sense. Group. I know I had well not my friend but my ex fiance actually he had a friend who like he didn't get in the audience on the Ellen show. He actually was but he was such a like super fan of her show. Like his friends like wrote letters and or something to be like you have to get him like onto your show like on the actual show and she did it. She actually pulled him up as a guest and then on his birthday one year she like showed up where he worked because I guess he works at a hospital in the area. So it was just like yeah 11 of his birthday's Ellen was just at his hospital. Like
that's kind of cool actually.
Probably.
Well no I mean like that's good pr for her to be like look I showed up on my fans birthday at this hospital like
I'm such a good and awesome person. It's like
all right. That's a little disingenuous. But you know what? He was excited. So I guess good for her and him.
So
yeah, I actually watched the clip of that one and he was just like in the hospital like screaming his head off. He was like, what the fuck do you mean Ellen's here? Like that's kind of cute,
From
are we at time? Oh yeah. Cool. Okay.
you
to know it was nice talking to you. Oh God, sorry,
my phone's going on. It's distracted.
Oh, you too. Yes. And good. I guess good luck if you decide to go back to school or anything like
that. But