yes. Hi, can you hear me?
We got 10 here.
New Mexico.
Oh you're in Cali okay. Uh
North north south.
Okay. Yeah I'm Southern
New Mexico like basically half an hour from the border. Yeah.
Oh yeah Las cruces is where I went to college and I prefer that I prefer that city but I'm an hour away from Cruises.
one time I did yeah and it's it's almost been a year I want to say.
Yeah it was some
lady
from Nevada.
Well I mean doing any of these online studies a lot of the time you're sitting there wondering what's the point of this? Um So honestly I don't know a basic guest would just be to see how strangers communicate. Maybe I contact tone of voice what they actually talk about but at the big point who knows?
correct.
So it could be based off of some type of psychology or or maybe they're simply like playing these videos for public speaking classes, I don't know.
and
check
out the company
or
immediately.
That makes sense.
on
based on demographics or I don't know how they
paris
besides by timeline. Uh
And like I like I said, I only done it once and it was with another female and she was around my age group, so maybe it is just completely random.
No, I even before the pandemic, I always worked from home, but it's just, it's just all this gig stuff so mturk prolific everything else. I can find. Um the wife though, she's a school librarian and ever since March, she's been doing remote, so I'm actually in her office right now where she does where she does her zoom meetings.
No.
Uh I enjoy it though, but like I said, it's never been a big change for me. Never really cared about going out. How about yourself?
I would get together.
So outdoors, the, but Outdoor, 30 of the outdoorsy
in nature.
Okay.
sharing supplies. Yeah.
now. I prefer it by choice though. And when you say you're going out though and you said tents. So like you guys got trucks and vans or rvs,
thanks
and
then
go
ahead out.
Yeah, temperatures dropping even over here. Very
hot, very
hot summer, but recently, very cold nights.
Very rarely. So we're talking like maybe a couple inches per the entire winter, but that doesn't stop it from, you know, water freezing, pipes, freezing, uh, stuff like that.
None of the fluffed.
born in Australia or I didn't even pick up on the slight accent until you said something. Yeah.
At
Full
blown.
My family is split between New Mexico and Ohio. So that's a big difference. Uh but like what you were saying about how you go back home and your accents, you know back to normal, I I noticed that when we traveled with like my mom back to see her family in Ohio, that mid western accent just kicks in. Yeah
Yeah. If I could think of examples
I don't know, it's like us, you know what I would relate it to? A southern twang still like like Ohio indiana Kentucky Tennessee. The midwest.
Uh I wouldn't even know how to describe it. It's something that doesn't really register to me that much because just like the world, you have different accents and being from New Mexico, you know, you have the spanish influence or mexican influence and just like you said, there's a big difference between California and boston and the south and midwest. Yeah.
The
same with the world. It's
fun though. It's fun.
I don't pay that much attention but
I would
see it and it's not the actual word. I suppose it's the tone of voice or the, or the dialect, you know pop soda? Um
uh you know vacuum cleaner here? They call a sweeper.
I was
visiting and they were like, are you going to sweep the floor? And I was like, I can't sweep it. It's carpet. They were
like,
no you get you get the sucker. And I was like the vacuum
just like Australia. Uh is it kind of like english where like a nappy or napkin is a diaper and not a.
So yes.
For start fools.
in
And
I know America had to screw it up. Uh I wish I would have learned the metric system better. But no, we got the imperialist.
And
like
I said, it's
always fun. They learn
these
things.
This
would be bacchus.
Like
Dionysus.
he's
got
but this was the most recent letter.
waste
and the
I wanted to stop at three inside and three outside. Well one of them outside got knocked up. So
the
wife
as they were born, she wanted to bring them in and protect them so they pretty much became inside cats. So and then recently she went to a friend who was moving found a stray cat and I couldn't say no.
So we have seven inside and three outside. So that's 10. And thankfully though most recently this past week she's been off work so she's helped me out or I've helped her out, we built a little Casio in the back porch so they can just go in and out as they want and
it gives us room and and safety so anyways yeah this is a cat house for sure.
Cats
live.
okay. I was gonna say
old
age.
I
don't
wanna
die.
that's cool.
Yes this is best stet.
or the shell.
Yeah pretty much the majority two of them were shelter, this one was one of them, she was about a year ago so she was still kind of big but she wasn't a kitten, the rest of them, pretty much kittens,
it's hit and miss um Bringing in the newest one, they've had problems but it's usually just it just takes time to adapt. It's annoying at the time seeing them chasing his and growl, but eventually they find their, their hierarchy and their spots and it's all good.
you did.
Same thing around these parts. Uh, you know, nothing really goes the waste. You can, you can always find wood and fencing and even if it's old, it still works. We did shell out money for new. Not too much,
no.
Hey,
maybe that's the way things will go,
would
be
I don't know.
uh, the area you're in, like, what's the population or population density?
Um,
Europe.
That
the new wonderland. Yes.
Yeah. Whenever all this started, I was keeping up on the news and as a, you know, continued, I kind of stopped or stopped looking at the news about other countries and stuff. Uh,
I
mean,
I was
always curious, but as time proceeded, it was hard to keep up.
Everybody.
It's the highest bidder nowadays, Right.
It's been pretty, it's been pretty chaotic because not even the administrators truly knew what they were going to do. So if they're in charge and they have no clue and they're throwing and my, my mother is also a teacher in Las Cruces school District. Um,
and I constantly can hear from them and their friends about how, how much of a mess it is. Um, but being, yeah, okay.
And then the other problem is the students, because like all the students did get laptops, um, all the teachers are working on their, there what the students need to do. But as the students are staying home, they're, the majority of them are treating it like a break and not even checking in like the work is like I would have loved to be in quarantine back whenever I was in school because I hated school. Did a terrific. But I hated it. So the students aren't doing the work and it's really easy just like like one button to check in it, one assignment and do it in one entire week, not just you know two hours. So it's the students that are kind of failing. Uh
but at the same time they're not failing because it's not their problem that this pandemic pandemic happened to them, but they're not learning anything. That's the point,
correct,
correct. That's how I
And.
is good.
I mean
only if there's a new letter I'll send
you
all. Okay.
new
business
idea.
you.
It was awesome.
Yeah and good luck in your endeavors. It
was