Mhm. What? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Hi. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Mhm. Yeah. To fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my. Mhm. Yeah wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hey can you hear me?
Alright, yep. Feel good, so good morning. Um Well for me it's like nine a.m.
Okay so you're somewhere like colorado or something?
Okay cool. Just thinking about going there for over thanksgiving um for like a something my brother used to live there so I kind of know what a bit. So yeah I'm in California so
charlie.
No. Yeah I like Silicon Valley so wow.
Well.
is that now? Hang on. I once met a very strange person. No no no personal reflection but from las cruces.
Okay. Yeah no it's it's like totally different, I mean when my brother, he was working in Albuquerque and I used to go there quite a lot and you know it's just totally different vibe from pretty much anywhere else. So yeah I'm trying to convince my friends to go. So yeah, anyway so yeah, wow um conversations I know you, have you done this before?
Oh interesting, interesting.
So
they
yeah yeah yeah yeah they've been I guess I've been doing this a while, I was on the previous round which was maybe two months ago and I had want to say three, maybe four conversations and so you know by the time you get into like the 34th year, like what do you think they're doing? Like why why are they doing this? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Right, because I don't know, you know like it's one thing when you like you know like do multiple toys agree disagree, right? They can just run those numbers through a computer and they can get the stats really easily. But something
like this, like literally someone has to sit and like replay this and go, she asked a question he didn't answer, you know, like how do they even
You know that's an interesting point because one I think my last interview with some dude from florida and he actually looked up, he kind of went in and looked up all
the
websites,
Ebola
domains, yes, and I never went and did the same thing, but he
said he found it was something like almost like an executive coaching kind of thing, so along
your lines, right? So yeah, how do you form a report or you know, just kind of talk with people, but well yeah, so yeah, well
I don't know
lot
of,
yeah, I would want to assume it was random, it was funny. I mean the first three times it was a woman for me and each time we kind of said, oh, you know, I've also only spoken to women, so we wondered if they just paid people up for gender to kind of stop any kind of weirdness. Not that that would necessarily make any difference, but um but yeah, then then I probably know like yes, speaking to venture guys, a couple of Yeah.
Yeah. I mean clearly it's some sort of selective thing from whoever is gonna like is on this platform and feels like opening up their home or wherever to eternal stranger and Yeah. Yeah. So do you work at home? Like are you doing lots of zooms and like kind of thing or you out and about?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The official zoom backdrop. Yes. Yeah. I mean, I work in sort of like a business environment so that the joke there is, you have your zoom shirt, you know, like when you've got like something like a customer or a more important meeting as opposed to just your monkey, regular colleagues who, you know democrat. It's like, yeah, another friend. And he's, he's japanese and extremely conservative. And we went hiking the other week, you know, just like in the army open air and he's dyed his beard bright orange and it looks really good. We're like, yeah, and it's, you know, it's going somewhat or not quite as long as yours and a little more stringy, but you know, imagine like a traditional looking japanese dude. I mean it's not like he wears kimono and all that, but you know, he's pretty japanese even though he's lived in the US for many years. Uh, and we're like, hey, that looks great, you know? And I said what are your colleagues think? He goes, oh I haven't shown them, it's like really? And you know he's a chip works in, you know microchips and shit like that and he goes, oh yeah no we never we in our company we don't we don't share cameras and you know when we had zooms, we're just working on our chip designs and doing all that stuff and he says yeah I'm planning never to show them. He says he thinks that would be, I was like come on
dude. Anyway so yeah it's the pandemics bring out strange, strange sides of people, so that's also about that.
Mhm. Um you know I like to see friends and you know like have like drinks or
you know mainly like but a lot of hiking and biking and stuff like that and
they didn't
in nature. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah so you know we have actually like taken like a strategic like we've had like three weekends away like one weekend was just literally my husband and me. We went to your somebody went camping, didn't see anybody. And then two more times we've gone with a pretty small group of friends like we all drive separately and but you know you end up you're sharing food right? I mean is there
Yeah. You know and it's not like oh don't touch my tent kind of thing but I mean is there a risk? Yeah but like at some point you know you can't just lock yourself away. I don't know.
Oh well so we we we backpack so we'll drive
to a trailhead
and
then
we
national backpack. Yeah. So um yeah, in fact actually mostly because of California, the weather is so great. We just take a mosquito net and just sleep out right because not even now it's getting iffy if we do another trip will have to take the tent because it's more likelihood of getting rain. But um yeah,
I bet.
I bet.
Yes. Yes. Yeah. Time to crank up the heating. I no actually it was in New Mexico, so near Albuquerque. That was where I learned to cross country ski. Not that I can actually do it very well, but you know, it's like here put these things on your feet and come on, you know, it's like it was great. I yeah, I do get snow where you live.
All the fun, all the fun stuff and none of them well no, no, no, but um
none of the fluff. Yeah I mean I'm from Australia so to move to the US and then you know find that there are places with snow and stuff, it's like yeah good good stuff. Yeah.
I've lived in the US for like 20 years now so
I guess it's taken the edge off or I mean if I'm back with back home or whatever then it's it's gonna make shrimp
on
the barbie, you know? Uh Did you did you grow up in New Mexico or? Yeah.
Yeah I'm trying to think I guess I have a sense that somewhere like Ohio or something would have a pretty sort of neutral neutral, like not a really strong, like there's that really strong California valley girl accent or your real new york or your southern. So what would be a tell that someone is from Ohio like they have a phrasing
it's always hard to put on the spot but.
Oh yeah yeah yeah Yeah.
totally
truly.
so
yeah yeah yeah so like how would you say hello like if you were to greet someone in Ohio is there like a particular kind of real, you know like a story was saying today how's it going or how you're going or you know shake it a but you say hey higher. No
no
just
Oh right yes.
Uh huh. Oh really? So sweeper is a vacuum cleaner? Yeah
interesting.
where's
the brain?
Fuck. Oh that's trip it. Yeah.
Yeah so the yeah the baby wears and nappy and um you would you would most likely use a soviet We call it a soviet
for your.
but Australia's so cross fertilized with american terminology that everybody pretty much understands that. But you know occasionally it was like moving here like we had to have our little sort of dictionary translation is like going to hardware stores. I swear my husband and I we were sitting on the floor and home depot practically in tears because we were trying to figure out how much frickin gallons or whatever to paint a square foot room. And it's like the units weren't even and we're like what the fuck is that? How many leaders in a court and a square
foot and it's like this
and it's like no one will help us, you know? So.
Hey you know it is what it is and I'm
I
kind
of.
I mean
I have a
friend, another Australian friend who lives here again lived here longer than oh my god, I was gonna ask about your pets. Oh and who are you
sorry
barkus like the like the god of wine. So is he a little tubby? Can
I see
his tummy? Can I
see it?
Tell me if that's not too intrusive? Oh my God. What
Who how many
do you
have? Yeah, can you want?
As
they
do.
Fire out man.
enter, yep,
Uh No that's that's slowly. No, I mean you've you've hit the we've hit the conversational jack part now. Uh
So my
husband, I love that we actually have none. We lost our last cat last year and it was very sad and you know he was like 19 and fantastic
pad
and
Yeah. Yeah. Well he had diabetes, but you know, he was doing great and, and then, you know, it was just time he got seizures and, but anyways, that's um, and you know, for various reasons, we don't have another one. And it was like back in March, february, like, right, when things started to go to hell, you know, it's like had we known then, how long will this ship was going to go on? We would
have
been
fostering
cats. But it's just so literally when you, when you said your wife just found a stray, I was like, God damn it. I told my husband this because you know, you cannot look on youtube or whatever without videos. I was hiking along and this cat fell on my head or you know how much time we spend scouring our neighborhood looking for random cats that, you know, it's like come on, every freaking person finds cats on a daily basis and here we are. You know, I left the door, I left the door open and this mama cat walked in and had kittens. Like my daughters are, it's like would you get there was a street in our neighborhood for about a week and we would see it and we couldn't get near it and then eventually I think one of the neighbors called Animal control and they they took it away. But it's like you know, anyways I figure if a cat is going to come is going to come but we're probably going to be leaving town, you know at some point in the next few months or a year or whatever, so we're just not ready to make a a commitment to a long term pet. So but we're the kind of, you know if we're walking on the neighborhood and we see a cut where the ones going, Yeah, come here, come here. Uh
your idea, cats are awesome. You you have my ideal life so we're going to get it. Oh, oh here's the black and white one. Oh
no, she's a Tory, she's a coke. See we would say a tortoiseshell tori. Yes,
and she's a calico. Yeah. Oh God, look at that tail, wow. So yeah, so some of these you've raised from little kittens.
Ah And do they all get along?
Yeah. Yeah, I was going to say so we also built a cardio as well for our cats and you know,
then we yeah, yeah, we like chicken wire and shit. But the funny thing was it was sort of an early covid milestone, you know, we after about a few months, you know, we had to like sadly take it down and you know under all the nails and we rolled up all the chicken wire, right? And I was like, what I'm gonna do is chicken wire, you know, it was a little rusty but it was fine. So I put it on next door, you know, like the one of these apps that just give away shit as I I had like 10 or 15 people saying yes, I will take your chicken wire because everyone was doing these backyard projects right and doing their garden beds and doing their chicken. So I was amazed. I have, yeah, I took sort of like, okay, you can't have it. I'm giving it to this person kind of arbitrate who gets the chicken wire. So yeah, who knew? Yeah,
Uh huh. Yes, yes,
it's my my dream that there will be like the like the number of stores will be like 80 90% secondhand stores and only 10% new stuff
costs.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean
I know
the local um one of our local charity stores for for domestic violence cause they reopened, you know like in May or something and the lines were out the door
for just you know people coming in and buying stuff and you know my neighborhood reasonably ish upscale, you know, but it just goes to show that I think people do want to kind of like rio stuff and not have to be just fine I suppose well shit and thrown it away and all that, so yeah, good stuff.
Yeah, it's mostly single, it's a kind of neighborhood, I'm sorry to say where it's mostly single family homes and if people try to build with like a 44 apartment block or something, you'll get, you know, this is the end of the world, the traffic will kill us. Uh
It's pretty um you know my property values and shit, you know? But it's extremely white. It's but it's a very walkable neighborhood, it's a friendly neighborhood and I know anyway, we're kind of done with with it, you know, and I think our dream is to literally get the van and you know, drive around the US and just go van life and all that stuff and ultimately get to europe, but we'll see if and when that's a that's a possibility. But you
know where? Yeah, europe. Yeah, like some mythical mythical
plan now.
Seriously? I mean we we can't even get back to it. I mean for us, if we had to go back to Australia tomorrow, it would be very very difficult for us because of their restrictions on how many flights are going in and you have to do a two week in hotel quarantine that you've got to pay thousands of dollars for. Um There's literally thousands of Australians who are trying to get back because their parents are sick or whatever and they're not able to, there's just so little capacity to get back. It's causing a huge, great stinks.
Yeah. I mean it's only if it personally affects your, right and then you then you kind
of
figure
out,
Yeah, they're starting to free. But I think american is going to put on some more flights next month. But like at the moment the flights are going back to Australia and they have about 50 to 50 maybe people on the plane. Right? Because the cities are only accepting couple 100 passengers a day because that's what they've got the capacity for quarantine. So hey, if you're an airline you're America United and you can sell 50 seats, are you selling discount economy seats? No, you're, you know, you'll sell the first class seats. So that's what happened. People get a flight and then they go
not canceled. Uh yeah, if you want to pay us 10,000 bucks for first class or 5000 for a business shore but otherwise.
totally, totally, totally. So I think I think we've got like almost 25 minutes. But just how is your wife? Yeah, but I mean how has it been for your wife? Like switching to remote with the school and that's gonna be hard. Right.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's pretty much like a lost a last year or last semester, right.
I mean.
Right. And I think that's you know these sort of long term effects uh on, I mean you even think of people at college and trying to do like medical training or like the medical when they find because like oh
your first year med student get in the hospital now and stuff, you know start killing people. But uh but you know, I'm thinking like dentists and okay, I got friends or physical therapists and it's like yeah what do they do? It's like oh let's have a zoom session Benjani for me, you know yourself here, I don't know. Crazy times hey look really nice talking to you and I'm so glad I got to see
your little cats. And um
yeah good luck with them. And yeah I won't I won't send you my address otherwise you might just stick one on a great center to as my husband would love that.
I
knew
There we go. Cats by males. There's there's a there's a business,
the business
opportunity.
Well you know
we we we kept joking about you know the cat lending library. It's like, well pets don't really work like that. But you know but for us we would we would totally uh oh it's it's sad you're gonna say you guys talk to the crazy cat lady. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Look I have a great day and I hope your winter is not too nasty and
you
later. Bye.