steve
hi how are you know
nice to meet you. I'm just
You're
from new york, I'm in California but I'm from Oregon mm.
Yeah.
I forget um our family on that side of the country and I forget about the time difference.
P. M. It's still like still decently early. Uh
I just had a question in my mind completely is this your first time doing it? Have you done this survey before?
Is your first time? Oh
this
is
my third time I think like the third time in a week.
yeah I think so. This is my first round doing it. I think you can do it up to like six times and it works because my husband's out of town this week so like I don't have a whole bunch going to do but it's trying,
what do you
do? Sorry?
Yeah. Um so I messaged like what is it like you know how they message you to schedule to schedule it? I messaged it with a question asking that I think it's six total regardless
of round are they were kind of weird on
how they worded it. So I'm just gonna assume like six total in a lifetime and be awesome if it was around though. Yeah
man
um The air is good if
we had a lot of fires for a while that we're all in the news.
let's hear it. I know I'm about 35 miles from san Diego. I'm not sure the exact distance on L. A. But I know when the fires were going on were
like 45 minutes away and it was scary. Okay.
Yeah some of the stories I read were so heartbreaking just I'm coming on out of nowhere. It scared me especially for the people who lost their homes like and imagine that at all.
we're lucky we live on a military base so if something happens we can just kind of go on to the next, but
for those like I don't know how you rebuild your life after that
Very so what do you do, do you go to school or do you work?
Excellent. Oh what kind of
you're a lifesaver? My daughter goes to ot 23
times a week.
Um So not in school, she didn't qualify for like in part um in school R. O. T. But she does private ot Yeah. Yeah
she does for the Ot speech and physical therapy.
Yeah. Yeah, pretty busy.
Yeah, so with Covid she's just starting school, she just started preschool. So yeah usually it's after school, but luckily school right now it's like 30 minutes to maybe 60 minutes a day, so it's not too bad but it definitely keeps her busy a couple days a week.
I have really young. I think I had her, I found out I was pregnant with her right after I turned 19. Like a week after. Yeah.
I'm 24 I'll be 25 in me. Well, yeah.
Yeah. Sometimes people where I live, there's a lot of young moms, but like when we're not on base, a lot of people like how old do you like especially when I found that if she's not with me, they're like what?
I don't blame you at all. Well I had her super young, I'm gonna change it now at all.
Um Kind of yes, eventually um we originally wanted a kid a little bit closer, so she'll be five in december. But um I had a really really hard pregnancy with her and a really hard delivery and unfortunately something about my body after having her, I've had three surgeries due to problems that keep coming up and it's just it's a cycle.
I have the weirdest like when she was 18 months, I had a mass the size of a lime or
lemon.
Yeah, on my C. Section scar, they got rid of it. And then last december I had the same kind of pain and scar tissue on my C section scar had literally like blinded my like organs together, and then I'm getting ready to go through the same thing again.
So yeah, we eventually want another, but maybe a little bit.
that's another thing too. Like when we first, when we first had her were really tight on money and just the older that I get, I think the better I do as a mom, like not that I was a bad mom when I first had her, but looking back I didn't know just how inexperienced I really was
and so many things were harder on both of us, I think. So I think with a newborn I'll do better like anywhere from like now in the next few years versus when I had her, because
you
don't think you're young, you don't think like your unexperienced until you look back a couple years later
and you're like, oh yeah,
you're
do you want kids eventually? Yeah.
There are no a shame in waiting because it's so much harder to like if you have any career goals or personal goals to get those going, if you don't already have them started, which I didn't when I have my daughter, so it's so much harder to start all that stuff. Yeah.
Um So I stay home with her right now mostly because so she has less therapy now then she used to, she was born really, really small so she keeps me busy and um the first three years of her life we lived in Japan and there weren't a lot of jobs at all. Yeah.
Yeah and I said I want to go back
Okinawa.
we'll see you know I never made it to Tokyo my husband did, I was really jealous,
he said it was crazy busy.
Yes,
I want to go. Won't
no it's an island, it's not very mountainous at all. Very Americanized. Like almost like I describe it like they had like kind of this cute culture of like american things, they're like they had stores that sold like american products and we're like, it felt like you were in the sixties, a lot of like the island and
they would have like american diners and but it was, it's weird when that's what you like are used to and then you see like their version. Yeah.
a
lot.
We
lived on base but it was really nice. They're really pretty
uh here to California.
want a girl, I want to go back to Japan. My husband's not so sure. So they always want people to go there because a lot of people, so a lot of like the single guys and women who are serving want to go there. But it seems like once you have a family, most people don't because you're far away from everyone, but I'd rather be there with a kid, it's so much safer.
Yeah and the japanese locals are so good with kids and so precious. Just the whole culture there is so different in America.
No,
I wish I would have tried more most, you didn't really like looking back. I wish I would have known just to communicate better especially with just how great everyone was there. But it wasn't needed as much as other parts of Japan I think because it was so like so much of an american presence. Yeah like
almost every local we met new at least a little like english.
but I've heard the areas around it not as much like definitely need to have a translation app more but
I wish I would have learned a little bit.
Hello?
Yeah that I can't remember remember we're like a couple of small ones but
well it hasn't been that long, it just feels like since my daughter was born there in the first like two years of her life just went by. I wish I would have immersed myself more in the culture there because at first I wasn't that happy about being there. Yeah,
we
lived in new york your whole life. Yes.
Great
or queen? Oh asked what, what's it like?
Thanks.
I want to visit new york. I've only driven through Uh
Um I drove through, I don't know where I drove there, it was on my way to new Hampshire is from north Carolina to new Hampshire
but it was just, it was so quick, I don't know the song the next time we go that way I want to stop
Um No I thought many places honestly I've lived so I lived in Japan for three years. Um I grew up in Oregon in Portland until I was 16 and then I moved to south Carolina for a year and then north Carolina and then japan, not that many places,
whatever.
that's it. What about you? Where all have you traveled? So I only a little
single.
No.
Well
that
what are the Ireland like I want to go? So bad.
any girl
that is so awesome. I feel like when I was like in high school, so I didn't, I had a really weird childhood that was just very very very sheltered and you think when I turned 18, like I want to go crazy exploring but the idea was so foreign to me, I honestly like almost kind of shunned it and the older I get, it's like it's not an option to travel a whole bunch right now, but I think so much more of an urge to travel now.
even if it's just like little places within the country.
Yes. I want to go to me and we have family near there. My in laws. Um, my mother in law lives in new Hampshire, but they visit me in a lot and have family there. And then my father in law side of the family lives in Colorado and we love colorado. It's really pretty there. You have a cabin there, that's really nice.
So we haven't been in the winter yet. We've only been in summer. We were hoping to try and go this year. But with Covid traveling kind of right. It's hard. And with my husband's job that he's not allowed to travel more than like 400 miles away right now. So that kind of until Covid's over.
Most military seems to be on travel restrictions at least here, Which is good. Just like you don't, you don't want to do stuff until you're told you can't do it at least not as much. How is new york with prove ID? Yeah.
one coronavirus first hit new york and kelly kept like fighting each other for the top tier. Just
so many, many cases.
I've noticed that there's less worries about the more extreme sides now. Even though like for example, here, the numbers have been rising pretty good too. But there's not as many really hard stories. Like, you know, it still happens, but
I feel like you heard more at the beginning.
it was. No,
I don't know what to think with all of it. I'm not super educated on it. But I also know there's so many opinions on coronavirus. So it's hard to know like I definitely believe it's real. I don't agree with the people who are like completely I have a couple friends
and neighbors who are like, it's a scam. Don't wear your mask, like the government's
controlling you. And I'm like, I don't think it's that far. Like, I don't think they want this.
It's not some crazy some people treat it like it is like for example, um, I work very, very, very part time a church we go to and a couple of months ago. Um, so they had the assistant, like master in charge of the Children's Ministry where I work and I ended up giving my notice because they were literally like not abiding by any like precautions,
not letting us have Lysol wipes in the room, not like letting us wear masks, like literally like making fun of you if you tried to wear a mask
work.
Yeah. So I left, I gave a notice because they didn't have, they were having child care and like services when they weren't supposed to. So I gave notice after coming back and then they switched like those pastors left and now the pastors that are in charge of taking it seriously. So I work like two days a week but now regretfully precautions but like the way they made fun of it before I was like, I don't know if I want to be in this environment.
a lot of places seem to do that but that place just did not want to do it for some reason.
100.
But I know some people like religion and politics are really at it right now on every side, especially with covid. It just seems to be a lot of special the election coming up like so many crazy. It's
all crazy.
How is that? Like
what?
Yeah. Oh.
Room
Social is so real. My daughter regret like she's always had
so she has a developmental delay due to being so premature. She's about a year behind where she should be, which isn't too extreme like you kinda have to be around her to notice it. But anyway um when Covid first her dad was gone, so it's just her and I at home 24 7 and she definitely regressed socially and emotionally. Once we started going out again slowly, so many tantrums, so many meltdowns. Just such a hard time. Like it's not natural especially for young Children to like not touch and not for friends and not
but older. It's too Yes,
I didn't imagine that.
Yeah, we did that for a little bit.
Kind of.
I have no idea. Like I have so much respect for therapists and teachers right now, like my daughter did not like tele therapy, we did it I think for three or four months before they reopened back in clinic and it's still an option. But I only do it if she's like not feeling good or if we've been just around anyone who's not feeling good because it is hard, but throughout it all all her therapist kept cheering her on and cheering me on. I don't know how they do it at all.
I'm not it has to be because I don't know how like.
It has to be so hard though, like, you know, it's hard on the student or the patient, you know, it's hard on the parent, it's hard on the teachers and the therapist,
like I don't think most teachers knew they'd have to do virtual school one day. Uh Oh
yeah. There are some things like I could see I'm more introverted, so if I got to work from home, I think I'd like that. So I could definitely see like some perks to it.
I don't like driving either. I've gone I didn't get my license till my gosh, my 23rd birthday. So like a year and a half ago and it's gotten better. But I have so much anxiety driving. I hate it. It is move forward to me.
Do here we are because they know there's a well there is public transportation on base but it's very very very limited and where it takes you off base, just the areas it goes limited schedule and just not. I wonder if san Diego might have better public transportation
because it's more populated. I know where I grew up, I grew up taking trains and buses like my entire childhood and it was second nature. But here it's nowhere near what it was when I was a kid somehow.
that's not what it is. Because if it was, I wouldn't mind it at all. Especially to save money on a car. Car payments are not fun. You
have
to.
We have to.
Yeah, we got we
had
one and then I got my car right before I took my driver's test because he has a truck and I did not do good driving the truck. And or so I got a super tiny
car.
Yeah. Uh Sub come like a Toyota Yaris four door. Yeah.
So like a family sedan. I love it. So
like everyone I meet. Yeah and I can park and everyone I meet though is like, don't you want a new car yet? Like it's so small and I'm like if it's a proxy if it's two car seats if it if it gets good gas like
it's not a bad car.
do you grab
who
they're alive?
Always
got
boys or anyone. Mhm.
She actually passed away a couple years ago. Thank you. But I was she always wanted one. I've never had that my whole childhood because I think when she was my age and produce sure she had one and she said it like never died until somebody hit her. That's what I threw. My father in law was telling me to um and telling my husband when he brought a truck he's like you need to get a Honda like put your money where it's going to last. And my husband was like I don't want to Honda. Well guess who constantly fixing his car like a lot. He bought it used Yes. Yeah, both of our cars are used, but we haven't had any like big problems. So my car has tripled the amount of miles in his. It had a bunch, but it's like six years old and no problems whatsoever. His has 40,000 miles and is six years old and she's had bolts gone. Belt's gone. Like what is it? What's the,
like the, not the frame of the car, the suspension that's gone that had to get fixed. Just all these things
dodge ram. Yeah.
Really? There would be nice. Now looking back, we should have done that.
Cars are so expensive. It is. I don't know why. Yeah.
Sorry, Do you have me?
Yes, that's
Mhm rubbed against my leg. If I don't,
Yeah, not that she's age.
She's
like
£2.
She's like an £80 husky mix.
What was that big, though? Mm. Thank you. Thank you so much for talking.
Yeah, that's okay.
You're, yeah.
Thank you.
You, too. Have a good night. Bye.