Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hi how
are you?
I'm
him. Yeah I'm pam.
Hi ana I'm going to start our timer. Okay.
All right. It's going so nice to meet you
Dallas outside of Dallas a little bit
north
suburb you've probably never heard of called Alan. Yeah.
No but nobody's ever heard of it. Yeah. Right by places though that you might have heard of plano or frisco. Those are well yeah right next door. So where
are you?
what not that I know it will but a tiny
bit.
I didn't
feel
have you been been in michigan for like forever a while? Yeah.
So
no
I think
I thought you were 20 so
not
too far out. Yeah
tell me
it is now but I grew up in pennsylvania like pennsylvania. Then I went to school in indiana at IU then went up to Chicago for a year and then down to various places. Dallas area, little hop up to D. C. For a year. Little hop them Austin for a couple of years. So that's
pretty
much
texas home. No so Detroit itself. I have not been to in probably more time than you've been alive.
But
so fun. We went to this and it's probably not there. So I'm gonna I'm gonna depict this and see if it is. Um So we went over to the Canadian side of the water and and there was like a tugboat that was made into a bar and you could see the top of it or you could sit out on the deck and
it was the coolest thing with the greatest view of downtown.
So it was a little crazy at the time and it sounds like maybe it still is, it was kind of wild to get to this little tugboat because you drove through there was actually like a little hooker district and you know, all kinds of stuff to get there. And then with a beautiful view and the lovely downtown, it's like wild getting there.
Okay.
How
long have
you got
it?
Sorry, I jumped right in there.
cut you off. But how are you guys up there? Because I haven't really followed Detroit to specifically to see how you've been hit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or
l
You're
kidding.
But
if you
do something with
serious
problems,
thanks.
Thank
you.
Talking.
I,
You
know. Mhm.
We've
been
car.
It's
crazy
to you.
you know, I think were similar to what you described really? Um The interesting thing is being where I am, You know, everybody has their own frame of reference, right? So I'm not in the heart of Dallas. So being a suburb, one friend here got to but didn't really get sick. He barely knew he had it. He wouldn't have done if he hadn't been someplace
that shut down.
It's crazy.
that's interesting. You say that because my other friend, I only know two people who had my other friend in Virginia. That is what happened with her. They didn't know what she had for two weeks. She actually drove herself to the hospital and said she lives alone and she said, I'm afraid I'm going to die. I mean it won't at night. I've never been so sick in my life. And they're like, well it doesn't really work this way. And um they said you should probably get a covid test and she said, okay, do it. And they're like, well yeah, we have to save ours for the surge. So they said, get one from your doctor when he opens up on monday, she's like,
oh my God, your sister came and took care of her and lo and behold the test was positive, it was all what you said, it was all g there was not one normal
symptom,
so
nobody thought it was covid, Nobody.
And here
I thought, see you just explain something. I thought, well, surely my friends getting it differently, different strains different places.
So it's going to be fascinating when we have a chance to study this years from now and see what really happened.
That's
pretty
real.
That's awesome though.
And more,
Call
Thank
you. Mhm.
Well I really applaud you at your young age,
finding what you have, your passion for that has an impact on people. I would be in computer sales for the first part of my career now I'm an executive and you know, I always tried to find me, I was like, well, okay, my main client does defense work. So I guess we're protecting, we're kind of helping protect America and I was like, really, that's a stretch, I just sell solutions and get paid for it. You know, I always wanted to find meaning and you've got something that rich and so I've been always looking for it on the outside rather than a
job and you've got it, you got it together, Right.
Do you think?
That's
your
smart at a young age because that's a very, very important observation. An interesting thing. When I was, when I made my pivot into recruitment. Um, I was trying to decide you, I went to these career things to try to get my head around stuff and I could never find, you know, they're always follow your passion and I was like, uh huh, I need out of the job I'm in, I want a different one. And, but you know, had, I don't really have this passion for recruiting and you know, one of the guys in there said two bills to pay said, yeah, he said you got
the passion. He said, you'll find the other the other stuff. You'll find another way. You got that And honestly I don't have a job in this space that I adore right now. I love it. But I also have the time to go do other things to know what you said. It's just what you said and now by taking the pressure off it, maybe I enjoy what I'm doing more. You know, all kinds of things
you can do. I
sit
there.
Well I work for a french company, their headquarters
and so you can imagine so we have a really interesting and I would say I think I can feel the effects of that when I recruit people. I will often hear like someone said the other day, you know the company I work for owns you all week
long and you get a day off on the weekend. Is it like that? Like? No, it's really not. I mean I am selling when I am talking to people up front, I'm selling culture I'm saying you know we are entrepreneurial, were a big company were billions of dollars but we're entrepreneurial, were collaborative and you won't find ego and people go tell me more, tell me more.
And it's really
true.
I
think it is. Now, I got to warn you of course the guys are cutting the grass right now. We
may have a barking dog in a second or you may have a lot of the loud motor annoyed. Okay. So sorry, they're
usually
here
usually gone by now. Yeah.
Is
it really
bad
because I probably could plug in as I'm
thinking about.
they
were made at the
small. Something else interesting I want to bring up because you're really interesting to talk to um when
you talked about the water being off, that was to me because I had poured it and it's amazing to think of that happening in America. So I um I love to travel internationally to developing countries because I think it's so first I want to go there now because as I get older it's going to be harder to get to these places, you know in paris, but I can't go to luang Prabang is easily, you know, so so we go to these places and like luang Prabang was a place where you know, half of the year they have sort of like running water and half day john a lot of the places we go or like that and you come home and you just think, oh you know that would never happen here and now look at it, same same thing, different
versions reason, but you don't think and the funny thing is to when we go there everybody once we always go to schools and stuff and everybody wants to open the pocket book and write checks for the schools and I was really wound up and wanted to go back over and help build schools and then I came home and went, wait a minute. I think there are people here who probably need just as much up even though they're all going on, we want your education and your freedom. I think there are people who at least don't have the education here that we could beef up and so I might, you know, I was like
I would next locally, I'll try to and I'd rather not just write a check. I'd rather do things, you know? Yeah.
You
live
in your
house? Mm hmm.
You know.
Is that the highest, is it the highest in the U. S.
If
not,
it's one. Okay.
Please.
She's
And then
I just got chills. Really?
Why?
Yeah.
Things happen.
Okay. All right. I'm gonna tell you a, not a downer story, A good story. Okay.
So
after I came back from one of these trips and was talking about how I was going to join, teach for America and I kind of floated all I actually felt, I kind of joined it and then I stepped away from it because I didn't feel that it was going to be as effective in the way that I wanted to do things. So, um, I got involved. Um, sorry, I thought that was
our time
already and it's my husband
called, sorry, Bill, I'm sorry to interrupt
or
me.
but so I got involved with this group down in south Dallas, which is our part of our really minority population in this area that's called montagne and it was cut off from the rest of Dallas geographically by major roads and someone went down there and said, you know, people were leaving to raise their families, other places and someone went down and said, there's no food here. I mean there's
literally like not a good, a real grocery store, this is ridiculous. And he couldn't encourage anybody to come in. So he built a farm in the middle of downtown
Dallas
and it's got a huge farm, it's called mountain farms. So he went down and he grew food and then whatever food was left over after people took what they wanted, Then they sold it at the farmers market and they would, the people would get a little bit of money out of it. Right?
Scared.
I want to find more things like this because I think it's, I'm getting like little goose bumps. Tell me this because I love. So
then
more and more things began to happen for this group now mean really rough. It's a drug infested place. Like even public transportation
wasn't going there because it was really scary. And so this man sat down with the drug dealers. This is the story. And I think it's really true. He sat down with the drug dealers and said, look, all I want is to bring food and money to these people and food first, if you will let me alone, I will let you alone they code. And he moved down there to live there and he said we can coexist, I don't, I don't know what you're doing, I don't appreciate it. But if you leave me alone, I won't go after you, I won't get
cops after you. And they eventually kind of tamped it down a lot so
that money started coming in. They built, they built a I guess you'd call it a project, but it just looks like a really nice apartment complex. It's
not
gentrifying,
that's the key, It's not
drink,
it fooled those people.
It's so
just,
What?
I just love it. Some of the families moving back in. No, huh,
It's
from,
you
know,
so
now
we
go down there for after school programs and the Dallas Mavericks caught onto this so they redid the gym for the kids, so and then they came down and you know, played with them for a while
and I mean make them feel special, you know, it's
really cold and
it's just
one man had a vision of what if you didn't.
there's
a little thing, we had to catch ourselves on the, when we were doing some of these programs and I'll be interested to see your thoughts on this. We would find the little girls, their hair would be in these cute little braids and stuff and they were just adorable and we find ourselves saying oh Skylar you look so adorable. Um That's us. But let
me
it's miss Yeah. I feel like scott looks so cute and then we would talk on the way home and go God what did I say that? Why are we telling the little girls they're so cute and we tell the little boys they did their homework well and
so we found ourselves you
from their cute but you have to complement something that they something else, something different than that.
no,
no.
It's
hard.
Doesn't make sense.
I
I
think,
yeah, I think they know they feel it. I think you know I tell
people.
Well I'll leave you with one other little fun and I think it's a funny story. Okay,
so um I went to Nepal last year and I
asked
it was amazing. I got sicker than I've ever been in my entire life. And they want to take me to get an idea of the local medical place. And we're out in the Annapurna mountains and we have visited it the day before just to kind of see how they live and was like oh no I can't get an I. V. There. Unfortunately I got that right. Um So I took all these pictures. You know we go we hike through the villages and the villagers where we were in these mountains. Their kitchen was just outside, it was a fire pit and you know they look over top of it and you know they sleep on a cot. Very basic. So I asked the leader of montagne for a little program. I said would you like me to share Nepal with the kids? He's like, oh yes please. You know, so I just show them some things that would make them feel even if they weren't living in the nice housing down there that that they were better. They had better things than some other
people. So one of these pictures, well first of all they were hilarious because they're all fighting. I brought this little um been these, you know for your and they're all fighting over him. She took my bendy and she's
like I did not
steal, you stole
my been beaten fighting and
I brought a singing ball like this and I'm ready to demonstrate it but they've already grabbed it and they're going gone, gone, gone. And I'm having it's like chaos, it's chaos. So I
calm down. I'm showing them the pictures and I show these little kitchens and the boys are laughing hysterically and they're like eight years old, they're going that is not true. No one I said this is their kitchen
and well laughter giggling, they're laughing so hard
that you
know,
something like that. No one, no. And they're like that show in the bedroom, that is not a bedroom like. Yeah. Yeah. Kind it is. You know?
It was just so funny though. They didn't believe him.
No,
nobody lives like that. I thought, well my goal was to make you feel good about how you are. So maybe if you know,
but
it's funny. Mhm.
Well,
yeah, great to talk to you. I've really in doing so, best listen to you. I am so
impressed with where you
are in your career and how articulate you are and you you seem to have a good head on your shoulders. I wish I had one at that young age, Wish I have them now You
know
that?
Oh
what
what are we supposed to do now? Um Well
thanks
to our other page I forget we have to do it right and
grew up.
Yeah.
All
All
well why best
way
to
take care? Right.