Hello.
Have
that? It
works.
Hi. I'm anna.
Oh yeah that's a good idea.
Yeah. Where you calling in from him?
Come
on.
haven't. But
those
are a little more familiar. Um I'm outside of Detroit. Yeah.
No
that's okay. It's called West Bloomfield. Um It's closer to like Pontiac. Um Yeah
so kind
of like the northwest suburbs. Yeah. Yeah.
um I mean I grew up here and then for you know a good amount of my twenties, I was a few other places, but now I'm 30
and I'm back and
probably
for the foreseeable future
not
too long ago.
So
yeah it is. Uh is alan your hometown are you there from other places?
That
sounds
pretty fighting.
fair
enough.
fine.
Oh I bet I really haven't honestly, it's crazy because it's so close but I really have not spent much of any time in Windsor. Um But uh it's typically like culturally Kids who turned 19 here, we'll go over there for like the 19th birthday because you can drink. Um But I wasn't quite there by that age, I was a bit of a late bloomer as far as um picking up, picking up habits is concerned. Um But yeah, so I I didn't really go over there, but I have plenty of friends with some some pretty fun stories from from that time.
Right, I mean anything on the water is pretty, pretty awesome.
Um Yeah, no, I haven't been over there, but that's something I've been meaning to do because I know they've got some really cool restaurants over in Windsor and I mean obviously it's a tough time for that right now, but but whenever
it's
definitely
something
I want to check out,
No, that's okay.
Wayne County, which is the county where Detroit is, was hit super, super hard in the beginning, like stayed in the top 15 list for weeks. Um, Things I think have settled down a little bit. I don't think it's really considered like a hotspot so much anymore. Um and the state in general is doing pretty, pretty decently. We have a mask mandate. Um, and we were shut down for a couple of months initially, so, um, I think that helped kind of curb things a little bit. Um But
I mean part of the problem with, and again, this isn't so much where I am, but more so in the city. Uh, there are a lot of issues with like, um, folks having access to, um,
you know, clean water, which sounds kind of crazy,
but there's been
so many shutoffs. Yeah, that a lot of folks in the city have their water shut off during that point for non payment, right? It's like, okay,
we're trying to curb
a public health crisis and people don't have water or didn't have any number of things um that were not in place are not working. And so um that was really hard. And obviously like, you know, our unemployment offices and everything were just slammed forever. So it's
it's
definitely
reached
havoc.
I mean, I know a lot
of businesses have closed
and
we probably won't see them again. So it's, it's really a lot of unknowns right now. Um, but as far as like actual
transmission rates right now, I think we're in a decent
place as compared with the rest of the country. Um So
that's
But of course, you know,
that
has come with it. I'm
sure you heard about the kidnapping plot against our governor. And so it's like,
uh it's wild
times.
So yeah. How about down there?
The range
of expression is so
incredible all the way from asymptomatic, the whole range it's crazy. And even like my friend's mom got it and had exclusively gi symptoms, which is like what?
Dude.
No,
nothing respiratory
nothing.
It's the weirdest, It's the weirdest thing. I mean my I had two friends who are in new york who are partners and live together and they both got it and presumably the same strain because obviously they got it from the same person and had very different expressions, you know, hers was a was like a dry cough and lost of loss of taste and smell and his was like a productive cough and pneumonia and like all that like totally different same apartment. It's so weird. There's so much we don't know about it. It's the craziest
thing.
Not necessarily.
Yeah. And I'm doing my um currently doing a masters um and uh in public health and so obviously this is dominated, you know, pretty much everything we've been talking about since it began um because there's so much to understand and learn and then to be able to communicate that effectively to the public. Um Yeah, got
plenty
plenty
of work ahead of me.
Yeah, I'm
excited, I mean for for many reasons, but this yeah, just and to even observe the ways that we failed to clearly
communicate things and communicate the scientific process and how that has caused
so much
Man fascinating.
Thanks.
Right.
Yeah. And and it's true, it's a to me it feels like a long time coming because you know, a lot of people I know found their career is at 24 or whatever, but um But yeah, and the other thing too that I think is that, you know, some of us are going to have to have jobs that aren't particularly like, it's not so obvious the impact, but um it's to me it's going to be an ideal for us to work towards more like um quantity of leisure time for everybody because it's like, it really feels like we all work way too much and like why? Um and then if we can allow for more leisure time that people can have um hobbies that are more directly fulfilling of their passions or of their desires and things, because I think that in some ways part of the, part of the problem with my generation, as we were taught that like, you can be anything you want,
you can like, whatever you put your heart into, you can do it, probably follow your dreams. But the problem is that like not not everybody can do that as their full time paid job. Like you should follow your dreams, but it can't always be your employment. And so I think that that's steered a lot of us wrong because we took that actually, you know, however many people I can speak for took that as like that's what you're going to do for your job, you're all going to do your dream job. And it's like that's not a practical way to run an economy. So
there's that
element to.
do.
Well,
I
feel
like part of why I've really struggled with some of my jobs that have been in my in my field has been that I poured so much of my like heart and soul and emotions into it and it doesn't really always give back and that's really painful and it doesn't, and I think that I wouldn't feel the need to do that so much. I would have a better, like easier time modulating that if I had sufficient time outside of the work day to be able to actually like do the things that I really want to be doing. So that's one thing that I really hope we can start to get our heads around as like a society is that compared with the rest of the world, except for a couple other countries, we work so many hours and we don't actually need to and we would probably be better and happier if we didn't.
interesting.
But
totally.
I
did, My undergrad in my undergrad is in french. And so I, I lived in France for a year and man where they on strike all of the damn time, but it's because they were constantly holding their government and employers to account like, hey, this is what we agreed upon and we see the creep happening and we won't have it. You need us. And I wish we had more of that as a, as a culture, you know, to really like, you know, like I said, take people to task and be like, this is acceptable. We won't accept that and we have collective power, the french have that down. So I totally believe that that would impact
the working culture of your company. That's pretty
Not to worry.
No,
no,
I,
I just got out of a class where the professor, if she's not wearing her headset, there's always some insane buzzing going on and people have brought it up over and over and she just doesn't seem to get that like whatever it is that's happening in that room is like so and so at this point it's just like white noise because there's nothing else we can really do about it but
but
this
is
no
in fact it's um I was just going to say it's funny because I don't really hear much of any, like I heard something for a second but I don't hear much of anything on your end which
is such
relief from yeah from my from my class just now, so it's kind of funny. I know
thanks.
man.
totally.
I mean I grew up in this area outside of Detroit and I had various interactions with the city and then like I said in my during my twenties kind of lived like a couple of other places and it's only in the last three years that I've really spent a lot of time in the city. Um Not just in the not just in the nice like midtown downtown areas um have lived in neighborhoods um that are very poor
and
have worked
with.
worked with organizations that are helping the very poorest. And For us
as a country to imagine that we have any moral high ground as far as like how we treat our people over any other country is like so audacious because like I said I mean so not only so Detroit is um is an 80% black city um which is of substantial note because then everything that comes after it is colored no pun intended by that fact. So um
it's
the
blackest
city in the U. S. Yep. Yeah. Um And so a couple, just a couple of factors like um the median income In Detroit is like $28,000, it's like very close to the poverty line. Um 50% of Children are poor. Um And uh
and
and so you see like these patterns of water shutoffs which was like a massive issue more so in like 2011-2014 but persists to this day. Um and
they target specific neighborhoods because you can you can see like on a map like where they specific neighborhoods that are poor and black and then not only that, but they'll shut off the water and then a couple days later they'll send cps through because you can't have kids in a house with no water.
meter. So, and what's crazy is you have like the arenas and the stadiums that have massive outstanding water bills and massive outstanding taxes. No one seems to be worried about them.
So yeah, not to be too much of a downer, but the things that like we have to contend with, um,
you know, we consider ourselves like in a developed nation because we have the front of our rubber band is so far forward, but the back of the rubber band is so far back. Like we really haven't pulled the majority of our population with us on this exciting like technological advancement journey. Um, so that's, that stuff has blown me away every time I interact with another family
or talk to another, you know, organizer or whatever. It's just like we have so much work to do. So despite the fact that I spent my twenties feeling like I didn't know where I wanted to be and bounced around trying to find that place um right now, I'm sure that that place is here because there's so much to do and people don't even realize it, it's wild.
I'll
take it.
No,
they aren't
now.
now,
No,
no, that's okay. No, no, no, not to worry.
there.
come
on,
Oh my God, I love
it.
it's
so nice.
jeez.
totally.
I bet
great.
I'll call
it that
so
important,
So important, totally,
people aren't asking for a lot, man, just stable
housing, available food. I mean, it's pretty basic.
I love that story though, that's gorgeous and it makes perfect sense because inevitably, like, people don't tend to turn to drug dealing as like their dream career. Obviously things have gone, things have gone wrong and there's not other better opportunities and so it makes total sense that they would view that person as someone that they could respect and work alongside of or certainly not not interrupt because it's like you're trying to bring money and possibly like a job opportunity and resources into this neighborhood that's obviously bereft. So that's amazing. I really love that. And that all kind of rings like what is happening in Detroit too, because there's a huge urban farming movement. Yeah, that's all very relevant. There was no there was no big box grocery store until like a couple of years ago. So
because now if they see
that
there's some,
that's
how it starts, so right, it's like a snowball effect. I feel like, you know, a couple of people put their faith in that and decided to go ahead and take the leap and then a couple other people see that, that's, you know, working out okay for them.
So yeah,
it
can be done.
amazing.
that's huge
to feel
like,
Like you guys matter, you guys are worthy of having these things and yeah, that's amazing. I mean that's can be so powerful. I feel like that's a lot of the stories that we hear about people who end up getting out of bad situations is just that someone believed in them and believe that they deserve better and told them that unbelievable
impact, so that's really awesome.
We
did it.
it's
totally ingrained.
I know it's so hard because it's so, it doesn't, it comes from such good intention and
you know,
like it's just, it's just totally, we don't even think about it and that's like that's, that's the problem with so many of our like I think conflicts these days is that I think most people genuinely have the intention to be good and loving to other people, but I don't understand that their patterns, they're ingrained patterns that they were socialized with are harmful. And then it's hard to like work with that because of people. I'm kind of talking about my dad right now, but get offended when you tell them, hey, that's offensive or that's like, you know, that that causes problems. Um because it's like they feel like it's an attack on them and their intentions and it's like, no, no, no, no, no, I get it. Your intentions are totally good, but just please understand that we now know that this is the impact of those words no matter how well intended. So I can really appreciate that you guys kind of reflected on that and I mean
nobody,
Yeah, it's hard because we have to realize it, which doesn't always come naturally and then find ways around it and then keep practicing because we always grew up man for all the work that I've done as
I still see myself screw up all the time and it's just like uh the work never ends, but it's worth it, it's worth it because I feel like people really appreciate it when,
you know,
we
come from that place.
They understand
that we acknowledge our mistakes and it's such a basic thing, but we're so bad at it myself included, so it's kind of wild.
Yeah, I'll take it.
was
that amazing,
for
What
guys
guys,
there's plenty of endings for everybody.
guys,
absolutely.
Can't
believe
it.
Uh I love that you show that to him it's so important for them to get that exposure.
They couldn't believe it, they're
like that's not
gosh,
Yeah, I hope it succeeded. It sounds like it could have
well
listen, it was great to talk to you, pam was really enjoyable.
thank you.
you.
In
some
ways more than others, but yeah, hopefully so, but yeah, all the best to you and then are Texans and yeah,
all right, well
have a good evening.
I
think
the conversation
president and keep the conversation 25 minutes. Okay. Oh so I click the next button and it said how is technical quality of the video chat? So they seem to understand that um,
it seems
to know somehow that we got connected until we needed to do it. So
should be good.
Thanks
again
to actually,