good. Mhm Uh huh Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Oh yeah. Uh huh. What? Yeah. Uh huh wow. Mhm I'm not, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm wow. Here Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Blue Yeah. Mhm. Testing it works. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Yeah.
All
good good, how are you?
Me too, where about
I'm in Ohio I live in California hurry, I'm in Ohio right now but I live in California.
family in the holiday so still here being cold.
Where are you from?
Oh cool, awesome. Panama city, I've been to florida a lot. We used to go down for a Disney and then the beaches in central of course there are a lot spent a lot of time in Orlando area to for Disney all that
So you're one over your far enough west then now?
I didn't even know that how how much of florida, so it's just a panhandle section. The panhandle is the other time. Uh
It
was interesting when we I drove from California here in Ohio. So it was interesting as you go through the States, you know the time changes? It was interesting to see exactly where the time changes. And I love how it's in certain states, in the middle of certain states. That is weird.
hi,
it's all eastern. But I think once you get into, I want to say it changes in Illinois I believe right around Illinois indiana border. Just thank you. Yeah,
I
have
more.
Are you by are you by the water where you're at or you have to travel a little bit to go down
the tubes?
Oh my goodness. That's what that's what I like about florida compared to California as though you guys have nice water. It's like bathwater the pacific ocean is too cold. Yeah.
Yeah it's very cold. That's why I used to love when I was a kid. We would go down to visit my grandparents in florida and the water there is just so warm you know it's still a little cooler but it's warm. The oceans warm when in the pacific ocean in California you're it's frigid, it's
freezing. Mhm.
Yeah that's well that's are you from what part of new york where you from originally?
Okay. So definitely a little bit different down in florida. The different environment than new york.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah that's
the thing
Oh yeah. Well that's nice being that that family that's how it is. Like my family they're kind of spread out all over now so yeah it's definitely take advantage. That's nice when they're you know in the same state.
How far is it?
No. Oh yeah we drove but I mean it took us four days plus we had animals. You could drive in about three days. But you you know you got to take a break as we had we took we had two basset pounds and three cats. And so well that was we had to stop every few hours so it took us a little bit longer. What's interesting?
Also
We had two basset
hounds and two cats. So actually three now we took a cross country with us. Uh huh.
Yeah the hounds are too old so they were missing my mother so they didn't she was gonna be here in Ohio. So we had to all come they were missing her so they had to be with their mother.
Oh no definitely. That's how we feel. Their their family, their hounds, basset hounds. We've been rescuing them for a while. My family has been participating in different rescues and trying to help in California. They're actually a lot of the basset hounds. They get rescued on the West Coast end up on the East Coast or down south because people, you know, they adopt them. But if there's too many of them on the West Coast and they get abandoned. So it
works out because they get big travel across countries.
Unfortunately that's why I think a lot of people get them just because they love the way they look. But they they cost a lot of money there. Honestly the most expensive breed I've ever had to deal with. Because
and they've always got health issues comparatively. No, like a shepherd or a lab like they don't have issues like that. Basset hound seem to always have something. Got.
What's that?
Yeah. I don't I don't know honestly they just seem to have issues. I think it's part of it is because their looks like they get ear infections because their long years and they have the droopy eyes so they get all they get all our eye infections to a lot too because of that. There
you
go.
Well they don't look like they have energy but I I give it this are the R2 basset hounds are about 12 years old now so they're seniors. They're low energy but they've got about a half hour a day, maybe an hour a day where they get it out they'll run just they'll act like puppies. But that's it. That's it. Yeah.
In
fact
they
got small
legs
and they move fast.
Yeah that faster than you think faster than you but only for food really.
yeah.
Um actually, I don't know exactly. I want to say probably read it or one of the one other website or email. Sometimes I get emails from remote opportunities. So that's why I heard about them through uh they were doing academic survey. So that's why I've been with them for about a year or two. And actually, I think they're honestly the best provider that I've used. I've used a few different ones to make exercise fun and they are definitely their fair. The surveys are way they pay, they compensate you early compared to most other places. Just awful, awful compensation.
I've heard about them.
The
yeah, that's another one.
I heard they were good. It's just don't they take a while to pay to, does it take usually a few weeks to approve or? No.
I don't
know.
Here.
That's good.
And tells him if you want to try them, that's what you were saying. I'm definitely gonna try them because
the other movies.
I've seen that on there. I just, I think I may have applied, but I don't know if I ever got anything. I checked it out after I applied off to go back on. Is it good though?
That's
the
problem. Some, I've
tried a few over the years and sometimes you'll get like a few dollars will be like, $05. Oh, this is actually good. But then it's like nothing for months and it's a waste of time. So that's, that's
Exactly. Do you do any of the surveys on Mturk amazon?
you should try
to climb code. I used to belong to them for years. They were another really good one, but I can't,
I
can't,
I used to, I don't know, I don't know what they're looking for now. That's the issue. I keep trying to apply because I got kicked out a few years ago and I can't, they won't let me back,
That's
not what I'm yeah, on surveys to, I just do the surveys for the most part.
And the thing is,
it
adds up, it adds up like even the small tasks. Sometimes I don't really pay attention, but you know, even a month will go by and hey, that's an extra $100 or 200 all, you know, I mean. It does, it adds up.
You just, you can choose
to not
water games. What's that?
Yeah. Sometimes I try to make sure that the surveys that I do, you know, pay decent because of some of the stuff I noticed they're trying to get away, which is, it's almost not worth it, but there are still surveys every day. I try to do a few there at least, you know, good paying to try to make.
No, that's the thing that they're not. Pretty much. If they're going to screen you out, it'll be the first page and they'll let you know. They'll say, hey, answer these five questions. We might
scream. That's
why I
like it. But the other problem is you just got to look at the payment because if they, if it's going to take you 25 minutes, sometimes it's not worth it. If it's, if they're only gonna offer you 50 cents or 66 you know, it's like, it's just like, I don't care, you know, I mean, it's not worth it. I try to do anything that's like above around a dollar dollar to that And 15, 20 minutes to me, that's worth it. If you know, if I'm at the computer, but you just got to me, if you can do that, you can usually find a few of those surveys a day, so it's refresh
your money.
No.
The
opportunity.
Yeah. It's definitely in church, definitely. I feel like the best when you're already at the computer, if you're doing certain things you can make, you can make extra money very quickly. I feel like with that it all adds up.
Um Not really anyone's at work that over the years, but I will say if you can work, get some jobs with either aspen or Lion Bridge, they're very worth it. They're more, I'm right now I'm doing, it's actually employ, it's a part time employee position with lime bridge. But do a lot of them are independent contractor happen and some some of the line bridge jobs are independent contractor.
The one that I'm doing now is rating, it's basically just a raider. So its rating search engine results. It's also like when people talk to their google homes and google minis were kind of like making sure the responses are right on from google. So it's like we're going through the search results and you know, we're the ones listening into the listening into audio responses. Yeah. Well, but it's all it's all there's no personal details right, but it's It's interesting. I I feel I started about a year ago so I'm trying to, they're pretty consistent though but I usually get like around 20 hours a week which
is
works out better. So I kind of stopped doing a lot of the micro stuff because the line bridge ends up paying better because it's actually part time employee. But if you like that that type of like transcription or you know different typing stuff like that definitely apply to happen because
yeah, they'll send you stuff. The only problem with happen is like they'll send you, you know, they say, hey we have a new project available and sometimes you do have to reapply for the specific projects but as long as you're, as long as your resume or you have your information on your profile somewhere will happen. They will send you stuff but you may want to log in and see are they?
I'm gonna
win this.
Yeah. The other thing that they have so many different projects to, it's hard to find research online because a lot of people will be talking about one thing, but it's not what the other person's working because there's so many different projects. So it's hard to know to it's hard to find the right information online to for the different
but
I got a few smaller. Apple was fewer smaller. Some of them was like recording, recording 200 phrases, you know on the computer or on the cell phone or like typing in data entry. Like you said, I think they have some transcription stuff. So yeah, definitely, definitely get your information to happen their main whatever their main. I'm not sure what it is now, but if by
the
way.
Well you're lucky though because it's pretty good. As far as the employment laws. as far as the remote employment laws, you probably will actually have more opportunities than say out in California. What I found is a lot of companies just don't want to hire remotely in California because the employment laws they have to pay, it's more, it's more regulated, they basically have to pay a lot more in taxes so they just don't hire remotely in California at all. So
new
york, new york is bad too, yep. Yeah.
right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Group e mails like mass emails or the or postmaster?
Yep, that's another one. Big 1
that's awesome
man,
I'll
definitely
look
that good
up, I'll definitely look that group up. So he basically, like you said, he started a facebook group from the website, he was he started the cool work ideas. Okay.
Nearly.
What?
Oh yeah that's the thing. There's one more to I'm trying to think of the group. It's a she does emails. I want to say if you search search online for something that's called like Real Ways to earn online. Let me see. I remember
the exact
name because I'm not sure if there there must be a website where you sign up. I honestly it's been a year and I don't remember where I signed up But I get emails almost every day and they're they're literally filled like you know 2030. These are real remote opportunity summer jobs. Some are part time tasks but it's very they're all legit. They're all vetted. I'm trying to think.
Let
me
just
yeah I think it's called Real Ways to earn online. It's just her it's
her list. Yeah look up it's called it's an email list so you definitely want to sign up for the email list. Let me just check something here.
and I
think her name is an A. N. N. E. I believe is who runs it? Let me see checking it real work. Let me see
if I can find.
No it's not that's the thing it's just not it's not I don't know you have to kind of spend money to you know for some of the offers it's just not our crab there it's just not it's no good.
here
is she?
here's I found
her
I found her website. Okay. It is it's kind of long but it's basically just real ways to earn money online dot com. So it's you check that website. It should you should be able to go to it because that's where she's sending the emails from. I didn't go to the second that's her domain. So but her name is Anna too. So it's Anna real ways to earn money online dot com.
Right. No go just see go to the website. Just go to
to earn
mining online dot com.
Yeah. Just go there and
Yeah that's a sign up somewhere on there. There should be a subscribe or you know something where you put in your email. But that seriously is the absolute best. I mean I've been doing the work at home job type stuff for a long time and she's that's the one newsletter that I keep. You know I got rid of all. But she's I good. Really good up,
yep. And that's then you're on the list and you should just keep getting them basically as long as you're on the list. Yeah you'll be good definitely. Well hey
we should be good I think with the time so I appreciate it. I it was good to meet you. It's nice to meet you so hopefully this prolific thing everything's alright with I appreciate.
Hey hey we did I think I think did we do try? I don't know
Let me see let me see where it's at. It may not be yet. Hold on let me see what it says. 28 if you go back to the does yours what is your time or say if you are you on the uh if you go back one well don't go back but if you on the other tab on the survey page Mine says 28 minutes. I'm sure you're says 25 2. So you get some. Well
I
mean
Just let me see
here
let me see.
I'm
going
to see
what it says here. Um Okay it says.
that's
probably
that's probably
just there
there there should be another tab. Do you see A A. U. R. L. That starts with better up it's like better up dot C. 01 dot Qualtrics dot com. That's sort
of where the
has the
time
or
on.
But
That's weird. Yeah because on mine at the bottom As a primer it's on 30 minutes I'll give it another minute or two because I know that you I saw your screen like about a minute after the timer started. So that way I know it's been over we've been over half an hour. So regardless that I'll just wait another minute or two though just to make sure. I was like, I want to make sure we get credit. It was like,
well hopefully it should be when I click through, there may be it may you may have just got rid of the page, but hopefully it'll go through off of yours.
Yeah. The thing is I have to better like I have this video chat and that's the better up uh dot C O N V. Hiroko app or something. Dot com. But the the previous tab I have that
says
it's better. Yeah. Yes. And if you scope, can you scroll to the bottom of that quality? You should see your timer though. There is a timer at the bottom of mine. I don't know. Maybe doesn't have it. That might not for some reason
it should just because I just clicked over just now so it didn't I'm not disappearing. Right? It still just shows me so I should it should still just show you because I've been I clicked.
Let me
just pick and then just go with the bottom. You should see the time and
I think
yeah. Hey we made it. Uh huh.
Well I think I'm gonna I'm gonna exit because we made the time so we can exit out of this and then go back to Qualtrics. There's an arrow at the bottom by the time or to continue it. So we should be good.
Hey it was good meeting and two. Hey thanks for letting me know about those opportunities to and hopefully like I
said sign
up.
Really good. Really good. See it.