Hi,
how are you?
Living the dream.
Where are you from?
Uh What brought you to? Ohio?
Oh, that's cool though. Um Yeah,
and florida. Well from new york born and raised now, I'm in Panama city florida.
Well it's weird because there's a time difference um where I am in the Panhandle. So like my daughter lives in Fort Lauderdale. So she
like um Tallahassee is about two hours away, so that's where the time breaks. So when I go to Fort Lauderdale, she's an hour ahead of me. It's so weird because of florida. Yeah.
Isn't
that weird?
Yeah, but it's just weird that it's the same state and it's a different, you know what I mean? Um And what is Ohio, what time
do?
it's funny when you, when
you go
like
over the line where the time changes, you know, you see everything set back, your phone, your car, you know, if it's set up like that, it's really cool, but it's weird. I don't know if I like it took me a little bit of getting used to.
No,
I'm like, right on the beach about a block away from the beach.
I don't know the difference. Really?
What,
It kind of makes you not want to go even when it's hot. But I don't, it's not that I love the beach, but I go, you know, I used to go haven't in a while, but Just like in the morning by myself, 5:00 with a cup of coffee, a cigarette, maybe a joint and just sit there for an hour, watch a sunrise, same thing, nine o'clock at night. There's like no barriers. You can walk on the beach. It's, I don't know, it doesn't close people park there all night. It's cool. It's a cool place to live. Took me a lot like four years to be able to call it home.
Long Island. About 30 minutes from Manhattan.
Well when I left New York, I was in Fort Lauderdale for about 20 something years and then moved from Fort Lauderdale to Panama. Um Like a culture shock. Everybody here is sweetie and bless your heart and everybody in Fort Lauderdale is fuck you and go to hell kind of thing, you know? Um
But I think Fort Lauderdale's more like new york but it's okay. I finally got used to it
and
I have five kids, so four out of the five are here, one still in Portland.
Yeah, California from Ohio.
Yeah, like you drove,
And they did what? £2,000
at work?
Two?
wow. Huh.
Uh And I believe pets are sometimes better than family members.
But
yeah and they're so cute. They look they always look like they're sad, but they're so cute.
Why?
I wonder why though.
That's what I said. I wonder why.
I don't
think
I've ever seen a basset hound like, like with energy,
I like them. I like
that.
I haven't been
around
too many
basket.
They do.
Right. Well that's like me too. Um
How did you get on prolific? How'd you find out about prolific?
Have you done um in tele zoom?
It's
like you, it used to be, I want to say user crowd.
And then or my you, I I want to say, I'm not sure. But they are um I don't know a few and far between, but they do pay. Um
No. Well what was really weird. What I don't like is they don't have um Like I did a couple and all of a sudden I saw in my paypal $22. So it was Probably four of them for $5 And then another one maybe for two. But they don't have like a running total like prolific. So
I
didn't even know like you can't get, I don't know the dashboard. It's really, You have to think like, Oh my God, why did I get that? $22? You know? And then I guess you can go down but it's not like prolific where you can see what a running total. It's really weird.
But they didn't take weeks to pay.
I don't remember. I don't know like it's the 1st $5.00 1 And I don't think you have a, I think the minimum is $5. I don't know. I don't know. But and there are few and far between. Some of them are out loud ones where you have to record what you're thinking as you're going. Those are like $8. And then And then it goes from there some are $5. The most I've seen I want to say is $8 and they're called think out loud but they're legit and they pay and then there there's another one. Um And tele zoom. Use a crowd. In tele zoom. Yeah. Married.
Is that different than you? Is a crowd?
I have another computer. I just got to see this different one is. Oh and there's another good one. Okay so use a crowd and then the other one is in tele zoom dot com. That's far between. I think I only got like $5 on there and The cash out is definitely more than five. I don't know yet. So those are trying to let go. Then there's another one which is really cool. So testable minds dot org.
Yes and well it's scientific minds on one website And then it's testable minds. I don't know how the two intertwined but it's one I think when you first joined you might go on a festival mines and then maybe the survey part is let me see and those are in the beginning. Those were good and yes got paid. But now I haven't gotten in a really long time so I don't
know
why.
So
and prolific. That was like six today Like back to back back to backs from like 6:00 this morning. I love that.
I was just gonna ask you. I love mturk I've made about two 1000 since I started. I mean it sounds like a lot but how long it took me was and I'm trying to look for other sites like enter because then Turkey is running out of shit to do
and.
How do you get in that?
It keeps
saying no.
Yeah well they won't even let me in so I don't know what, I don't know why but mturk I don't remember how I found it but I've made $2356.
But then
I do like the transcription. I love transcribing and typing. Um But It's in 2018 I made 270 - 2019, 266. Um But I started oh my God it had to be like mm 567 years ago. Like it's been a while Um when I moved here it was 2011 And I paid an electric bill with like $200 I had built up. So That's like almost eight years. So it's not really good for eight years but it's still $2,000 that I wouldn't have had. I
spoke with
the bill.
Well
do
you still do empire?
You still do mturk.
And I don't know why I don't look at them that much. I think I feel like you're gonna you know after after you do half of it they tell you don't qualify. I don't know if the ones on mturk her like that
after.
That's
better.
I
should start looking. I don't really look at those. I don't know I go through but lately not I don't know it just seems like not so much less and less but not the ones that I'm used to doing. You know like all the transcription ones, I always do the google searches. Um They have this speech something where they'll play, I guess it's a robot talking and you just have to say natural speech or unnatural speech like that. And those are like a nickel
apiece and they'll say only do three in this, you know what in this, I don't know group. But then there's another group that says only due to in this group, you know, so it's called speech feedback or something. And I guess
they're
trying to find out if the robots are clear, you know? But those are kind of cool. But um I like the typing and stuff.
Do you know any other micro tasks ones like that?
And what do you do?
Well,
I don't know.
Okay. And I think I did. Um
And I think
I signed
up for both of them, but I think I stopped when it was time to do an assessment. I don't know there was something where I I think I may not have finished because I haven't seen or gotten anything, I don't remember why I would have stopped in the middle, but I did. And Lion Bridge was also something else. That one it was attached to something else.
So
you're doing line bridge, have you done for app in at all?
And it used
to be something
else too in a crowd platform maybe or something. Yeah, I'm gonna go back in. I don't know why I stopped on both of them and then there's something called Ansi hands and they wouldn't even let, I don't know what I did wrong, but I didn't pass some kind of something where they rejected me.
wow. And that's interesting because I saw something that said excluded in and it was California
Minnesota.
have you been on it started as cool work ideas? Oh you you might like this cool work ideas which is old but if you go on facebook and you have to like I don't know if you have to start at cool work ideas dot com. Um
Let me just pull it up. But on facebook same thing. But that group, okay so let's say you start out on cool work ideas dot com then it will say um you know join our private group and they send you all, oh my God, so much stuff. Um
um Like like what is it called when they do a group
then
no like like focus focus studies or focus groups. So but it's all different people who are telling you about different things. Some of them are the company themselves. To lessen your company. Um respondent. You've heard a respondent right?
Yeah so if you go on that one, I don't know it's cool work ideas. Like if you go on that first and you see that it's old then you might not want to go on the others. But look at the site, it's really cool. It has so much on it and then go onto facebook and go under cool work ideas. The guy's name is paul and a stereo or something. But there's so many opportunities there um That like $200 for a focus study for an hour. Some of them you have are not remote and most of them are remote but it's from anybody and everybody who's in that group once they find out something they put it on. But the administrator of the group, I don't know. I think he does it for a living. That's all he does is search out you know stuff
people
to do.
Sometimes
he'll
ask
for a donation.
Yeah so the website was
first cool work ideas dot com. And you'll see it even has and turk on their pine cone on there. Um You know where else can you go work from home, stuff like that. Um But you got to look at it to know what I'm talking about and then from there um they'll give you the link for facebook. I
don't think you need it. You know what I mean? You can just search cool work ideas on facebook but I think the guy like wants you on the website first you know and then join the facebook group. I don't know but they have just so many ideas. That's how I even found out about respondent you know or the other ones.
I'm
looking
and
you
don't
know the name.
I'm going to look.
Okay. I'm pulling it up now and real ways to earn online. I found
something.
Real
my wise are not working on this computer for some reason. Really? Oh, I would love something different. Everybody keeps talking about swag bucks. I don't really see anything great about swag bucks,
And then like it'll say
test
and it brings you to fiber F. I. V. E. R. R. R. R. And that used to be crowd flower or something crowd something. It used to be. Yeah.
Real
ways.
So should I go into real ways to earn or anna at real ways? Because I don't want to go to the email first. Right.
Just we always without
an
okay. Without mentioning anna.
I got it. Real ways to earn money. I'm like work at home job leads, work at home directory. Uh
So it says sign up for our free newsletter letter and we'll send you a list of 15 work at home companies hiring now.
I was born.
I'm also how do you know if it's 25 minutes?
I don't know. It said you had to I don't know what alert to you that it's 25 minutes.
Well, I'm
scared
to click over on the other tab because it said something about and then my screen, I don't know right?
Or should
I go
I could use the
other
computer.
Try it.
What's really funny? It says Oh that's 42 cents For five minutes. Like the opening where it says about the job on the front page it says pound 0.42 five minutes 4 93 an hour. And then of course no spots remaining. But I don't see a timer. Well, the timer says one hour, 39 Minutes and 28 seconds. Now. How could that be?
What does
that mean?
No,
no,
that's
the one
That's
not
the
one work. I don't see it.
I thought like they let you know That 25 minutes are up. I'm not sure. I'm just reading it um chats maybe free form, but the uh the entire participation to take around 45 minutes. This may take place over a single session or across two separate sessions Read on for details. First part asked demographic about five minutes after that, you'll have the option to get matched with a partner. I don't know. Um We don't find your match. You'll have the opportunity to do something something. It doesn't say like if they notify you that is 25 minutes.
Yeah. They'll say you were half a minute short but I don't see a time around like anywhere.
Well and when you get off what you x out of the better up and go back to Qualtrics, you know the
Which
was
Well so if I click over what's the camera going to show on the better up?
let me go.
I want to really quick whoop.
All
right. I read something I saw the word time or somewhere. 029.
So should I X. Out of this or no? Just go on to the Qualtrics.
Cool. Nice to meet you
and
thank
you.