can you hear me?
Cool, I'm good, how are you?
And
you too? No idea. It was gonna be like this,
what's your name? I'm Stephanie,
Where are you at?
Oh, I'm in Maryland. Uh I'm so jealous, I love florida.
Yesterday's I'm here too.
So do are we supposed to talk about anything specific or
just
it's
just another phone call?
What?
Yeah. Yeah, well, I mean it's trying but you know, I think I'm going to have a job interview um in a few days and I think the job interview is going to be,
you know, and so I have never, you know, like I really have got my hair done, I don't have to, you know, I gotta figure out how to be video ready and friendly and and so I feel like I'm looking at myself more than you, but everyone I've talked to on the video like in the past month, it's the same thing, So
it's just,
well yeah, you know, I've always, I've always said since cameras and video and surveillance and stuff came out, how old are you? Let me ask you that.
I'm 44.
I know that I feel like you understand, you know, back in the day when there was no internet, you know, and we didn't have, you know self oh gosh, I mean it's, it's just the world is it's, wow. I mean it's, I never
do you ever watch netflix?
There's
yes, me too. I've been binging it. So bad. But there's a documentary on there called Pandemic. I think it's
pandemic.
It is, it scared me? I
mean
I'm
happy. I
have
a good just basically about how it's not going to be um over so quick, it's gonna be a lot longer and a lot worse. You know, Then then they're really saying And
and and where um I was seeing, oh gosh, look at my phone. I've seen, oh, another country had Like 1000 new cases yesterday or something. I can't remember. I can't remember where it was.
Well,
what, what really scares me is the fact that it's, it's so, it's kind of like we're living a movie like, I don't know, I've been going back thinking about like the day the earth stood still and you know, just like crazy honest movies from, you know, you know, just over over the years, you know what I mean? You know exactly what I'm saying.
And I have, I have a bag packed seriously and I basically am prepared to be able to pick up that bag and go and, and,
and do what, you know, just live life
and,
and it's, it's, wow, it's, wow, this
stuff is, wow,
I mean,
like
systematic
thing.
I've, I've never, I love going to concerts and going out and, you know, I never realized just how much, how, you know, it's, I'm just lucky, I feel glad that I have a good immune system and
that's
it,
I think,
go ahead, go ahead.
I
it blows my mind, it just, I feel like almost like I'm living a movie and and it's not a good one, and
and
I,
I just try to be, so I just try to be happy and positive and oh, it's rough, but netflix gets me through, I've been watching some crazy shows, crazy, crazy shows, just like I watched a movie called The Gift with Jason Bateman and and Ozark, I mean like do people really the world is just, well, I mean, so I I love, I've really been getting more into the meaning of shows and and stuff since we've had to be home because I'm not going anywhere either. Like I've gone to walmart once in the past like 10 days or what not. And it was so busy impact. I mean, I was like, oh my gosh, I wanted
to put to pass on,
you know, because it just, I don't know. I feel like I've, I've been very lucky in life and I probably still will be, I've
got gone
with the wind
and
lounging
looking for bath, bath towels and unnecessary shit.
My mother is one of them, right? My mother is elderly and he is wild. God bless her. Uh, but right. Right. She
like the other day she's like, well, we need a new picture and I'm like, my family, we need to just just drink some more more
water and no, no, we don't, We don't need we
don't
there's definitely I've definitely learned the difference between needing and wanting.
I
well,
don't last use it sensibly, you know? Yeah, but I agree. I help my brother take care of his Children. Um There's a two year old, a seven year old, nine year old, An 11 year old. So we often split them up and and you know, I have, you know, my special little bond with all my nieces and nephews and and sometimes it's just it's just wild. But forget what I was even going to say about that. I'm glad you're nice. I feel comfortable talking to you. This
is I was really scared at first.
There.
Well,
I
like how long have we been on here, Do you know? I don't
even
know.
Well,
I'm like, we came right on it. three. Right? It's three.
You're
Hey, we're, I guess we're gonna halfway through.
Tell me your neighborhood. I'm so sorry. Tell me your name again.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure there's a lot. I have a very common name.
I
am
a, I'm a merchandiser. I like restock and, and redo the store like um, like the edge. Um Gosh, well clear and think about their called right now, you know the displays and whatnot, you know, stocking of changing the stuff around. Like I specialize in the makeup section and
it's just very detailed in a lot of little work. But basically I work at night when the store is closed and I just listen to music and do my thing and I love it.
well
I'm
not
alone. I'm not alone. I work with a lot. I work with other people. We give from sort of store in town to town.
Um But recently I've I've got a contract where I go to two stores and it's a pretty regular thing
so
I haven't been doing the one because they've been cleaning and and they haven't it's a Walgreens and they haven't been, they're not open to the public but you can come in to get prescriptions and so we cancelled, you know I've had a lot of work canceled but you know it is what it is and we'll
yeah, I mean you know I got credit cards and some cash, I got a little bit of everything in case you know because because I'm with them people if I got cash then it's going to be credit card or vice versa. So I tried, you know
it's not like back today when you could just take $5 and go to the movies and get drinks and you know it's wild
how
how many kids do you have?
How many Children do you have?
I don't
I've been pregnant a few times but lost them, but my brother is making up for me not having Children, so.
Well
all right,
well no, I'm only working two days a week right now on Tuesdays and Thursdays. So. No, no I'm just
and I'm watching
from that person cleaning and reorganizing. I'm uh
I think we got to TVs and and pick up some medicine. As a matter of fact myself and I just dread going out because I want to do everything at once and and it gets to the point where like now because the businesses are so like at our market you have to go in one side and you have to walk all the way around and then if you are one in you got to come out the other end. So I've actually started parking at the beginning you know and walking the long way first because by the time I'm shopping it's like I'd be but I do everything at once and and I get everything for all the kids, my mother, my brother wow a lot so
we
just don't
work together
and are more it out, you know what I mean? It's it's really
I've never seen when they're either
everyone everything
to be contact lists.
yeah I think so too. I mean I I can like on my birthday I wanted there's a casino close by, I wanted to go have a drink with my friend and just go have some fun at the casino and they're still not open and I just, it's amazing to me how many social, how social the world is and then um if you get a chance there's a reality show, if you like them, it's called The Circle on netflix and it is wild.
It's basically like These people that it's like a Facebook Instagram and Twitter altogether but about 10 people and they're in a an apartment
but they don't have a veteran or tv. All
they have is a circle, you know, they're technical and so they form alliances and and there's
the one with one guy that acted like a girl and and he, I don't want to tell you too much but it was, it had me crying, it was so emotional, it was such a good, happy uplifting show in the end and uh just it was really, I don't really even know remember why I started talking about that. But
I
like
the positional media thing, you know. And
Yeah. Check out the previous word and oh, it's
good binge watch. Like if you're it's I. M s watched all of it. I've watched at least four or five hours yesterday
straight
around and I felt guilty for doing that. You know what I mean? Like what? Right, right Away. We're 20 minutes. It
doesn't
seem like,
but
You don't
have to
have.
But
I'm
not.
I love it.
think
well. And, and it um, like I've seen a news report that pollution is going down, you know, and and things like, you know are already happening in just this short time. So just imagine, I mean,
what?
$79 here. Right.
I mean this is the first time I've had ever half a tank of gas in my car in probably a year.
What?
now
I think that the new generation is learning the hard way you know and and I hate to say it but like I've always felt kind of not psychic but I'll think oh well I wish I don't think about this person and then they call you know and so I can remember thinking back you know watching will Smith in movies and movies 19 years ago like oh it just it just makes me sit back and what you know just appreciate stuff a lot more. I really do. I really really do like the tv shows isn't it crazy how the T. V. Shows are all? Oh like you do your meetings where you have multiple people on the screen? Yeah I haven't I haven't advanced to that level yet.
What?
Absolutely.
my goodness. We've done it, we've done it,
we've done it
Well. I just happened to look down the screen. It's 326 but I just happened to look down. I I don't, I want to stay on for a couple more. I want to make sure it was on for a while to make
it.
You too. How often do you get studies on on prolific? Like
I
don't care. I don't either. Yeah, I don't either. So I really jumped on this opportunity.
Wait
which
browser,
which web browser do you use?
Do you?
Okay. I'm I'm so am I using chrome to I use chrome and edge but um there is an extension on chrome. Oh and it's if there's an extension and it's like a prolific assistant or I can't remember what it's called, but if you have, you log into it, like I have a little button up in my screen and when I push it log and it logs in, well, it will notify you when new studies come up.
And like my computer will actually say there's a new study available and prolific. And so then I can, but sometimes I don't get them quick enough because they're gone. But still it's a notification. It's an extension
on
google.
Well,
I don't know, I haven't figured that out because sometimes I seem to get a lot and then sometimes, I mean I always have my computer open, I'm always doing something and so I haven't really, I just started using it last week. So this
Yeah. Let me see if I can see what it is, prolific assistant. That's what it's called prolific consistent. If
you
just look up prolific assistant Chrome, it'll come right there and you download it and it, it comes up because it's, I like it. I mean, I just,
I
wish I didn't divorce so I could make some more.
I'm
I can't even, I can't even see you on my screen how to hang up or anything. I don't have any.
my
let me put
my school in log. Yeah.
I still
hear you, but I just clicked away. Let me say, oh God, I didn't screw it up. Um
once
you
open the shop window, a timer will appear here on this survey page, the timer starts, okay, I don't
see a timer.
Oh, I can't,
yeah, I'll figure it out. I'll be definitely, we've got our time now, so I'm so glad to me. It's been very nice talking with you.
you
do.
I
hope
you do too. I hope you do too. Great. Have a good day.
Thank
you. Bye bye.