I don't know what? Yeah. Yeah. What? It's people. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. You know your place? Yeah. Hello there. Can you hear me? Hello?
Yes, I can hear you here today.
I'm good. Thank you.
Nice talking to each other and
well, the strange thing we never met an island now we connected.
Uh My name is Manish.
I'm in Jacksonville florida value.
yes. It's, it's nice. Really? It's outside is really nice. It's sunny day.
Yeah. Senator too. That's good. But temperature is, you know, but it's too hot outside. It's around 88. So I just went for a walk. I I work for 10 minutes. It was so hot and humid. I just came inside. No,
no,
they, so I was just reading the streets in the page where I clicked here to reach underworld. Yeah. They said we can talk anything. Nothing. Nothing especially whatever you want to talk. Just your name. Imagine we have met time and
you can look in the thing.
Yeah, that's good. So like, like nowadays because of the COVID-19 we're doing video call with all the family, all the friends and even with that colleague had to work. So that the same kind of thing. But that's the good part. We're talking
to a stranger we never met before.
like
Arab
same things. And now we did every employer they are doing. Yeah, this video kind of interview because nobody can go anywhere. Right? So that's good. It it would be a good exposure for, you know, you know how you're looking and once the interviewer will see how you look like so you can improve your a few more days. Right?
I'm 39. How about you?
Well, I'm not about to close.
Margaret.
Yes. I watch over some cities
like movies.
I
didn't have much.
what
they're
talking
about?
Happy.
it's no I was reading a news article, even the study evening and everybody is forecasting it like let's go of six months to one year. It's not going to finish soon and if you see the government of the state government or the federal government they want to reopen the country and instead still it's a big, it's what I feel so different people have different opinions. Maybe they want economic to bush stopped avon to give the uh give the employment to others that's all there that I agree. But they're still if people would like people would start going Meeting each other, their age arrest because pandemic is not gone every day. If you see more than 30,000 cases are coming in every day in the us. Yeah.
but they are getting really uneven florida government like florida governor he was seeing the graph is down now Two weeks before we are getting 1000 cases a day now we are getting 600 cases a day. It does not make that much sense. If if based on this graph, you start open, You'll get more than 1000 in a day. It's not taking
time to rapidly growing up. Right.
that's
city
live
live. We cannot. Yeah.
Because
if, if I personally see to myself, I never realized this in my life, in my life, stammel, seasick situation, everybody is stuck at home, none of them
were
able
to do it.
Never.
that's
good
thing and
independent.
No, no, that's that's what, definitely. And I I love what I'm doing. I'm extinct totally at home. Me and my family, my son, we're not going at all out just Maybe once in a week or 10 days a day. I'm going and just for the grossly pick the vegetables, milk, fruits, come back. That's it. And that's what the good step I've taken. And I think, I think that's helping me and my family and even I told the similar thing to make all the colleagues, all the friends and they are taking a similar steps that's improving. But still I see the people, we were going out 10 times a day. I don't know what the work they have, why they're going, coming back going, they
are putting us also at rates, right? It's not only their life is complete society, culture or community, they are putting at rest, right? If they're going, Yeah,
Dude,
that's not
food.
my
good.
That's
unfortunately.
No,
definitely. And the surprise, what surprise I say when I went last Walmart last 15, 20 days ago, people are walking like they are doing a picnic. They're going like stopping. They don't have any idea where they are.
You look at.
I'm not selected three. Yeah.
Mhm.
That's it.
We
have. But
correct. And we have if we
still save this time, we have plenty of time in their life, we can do whatever we want. Master pandemic will finish. There is no rush to do all the things right now. Nor as to buy what you really like. Just go what you need right now. And that's why
I'm telling to my family to as well whatever we need to take care and also don't don't buy a lot of items to make a stock. Other people are out doing me.
honey.
No, don't really. And that's what I'm feeling. I was thinking when I was talking to my wife, I said I don't know to whom I need to chat but I don't
know the stranger, I love to talk to all those trends and whenever I meet in my office place or any picnic or any party place, I love to talk but talking on a camp for 30 minute, it's something I never did it before. I
did
it happen, you know,
I
think
it's a 10 12
minutes,
3,
3/3 or two. About 10 minutes. Yes,
Yeah, I myself uh
manage menace and and you Stephanie that Yeah. Nice.
Yeah. I have one of my colleagues named simply Stephanie san I used to work with even then friday, I was talking to work for one of the project. So
Oh even even I do the similar kind of I do in my native place. There are so many people with the same name. I knew at least 5-6 and my fingertips you know them so it's steep and what's your name and from where you belong to it's a it's a common thing. You're good. But that's nice. That's really nice. What what do you do? Are you doing any work right now? You are
you're
looking.
So the good.
Yeah, that's good. But sometimes don't don't you feel like working a night alone? You don't have
anyone
to
talk.
You know it's nice.
You
know this.
it is. Whatever we have to accept what the change is happening.
No.
Nice to you know, your your job
is really different. It's good. Really good.
How many study?
I just have 1 1 kid. Yeah,
you're doing.
That's nicely that that's why he's very nice guys. But I hope you will get something that some gets soon. A little player. Don't worry. It's all all weekend nature and the God sometimes we feel we should have one more.
But then that's uh so
now you you are you're going for your work in the in the shops and stores are not at all.
I'm
sick and scene.
Because if you're talking about Walgreens and see where they all are opening their they're not close their essential business. So well it will be the rope and that's good. They people need them in the spanish.
no,
it
gets
good.
No, no, it's really good. And Yeah. And I remember like I I see the changes also. So I went to serious about three weeks before I wanted to get one prescription medicine for my son. I said that the change little body structure and all they put everywhere keep social distancing six ft. People are like standing Behind like in the long distance like after six ft. And they also I observed they also put the cells checkout machines. I've never seen that machine in the serious first time I've seen that machine.
Yeah so in my location they put the self checkout machine and they are telling people to go self to check out so that the cashier
with
Alright total and you go and just wipe it. Now you can put in a bag yourself so you don't have to get in contact with other cats here. As I like really the idea and when I was coming out I said thank you for the new checkout machine to the associated was there. And then he said sir you like it Is that you're really I like it. Why did you not put it before? It's really helpful? But you need to waiting in a queue for just a one prescription building and I'll just do it. It was really easy. So so I see like I see that all the everything will change definitely after pandemic wherever people will change the way of working people will change the way of talking, meeting or doing a new socialize much on a public place. Everything will change what I feel.
What?
But
Katie
Such
Good to
your
talking
so No, definitely. Even so I'll get a chance. I will definitely I'll find these series and alone.
love you.
That's
good.
That's
great.
That's
that's good. Well we passed to eliminate now if l now if I talk about myself how my work culture is totally cheered. We love to hear earlier I used to go to office and they're all the colleagues six and I were party I. T. Company as a project manager. So
I used
to
go there every day. I used to have several meeting 4 to 5 meeting in a meeting room. We are all the different groups development testing because how they come together and we make a plan and you see how we are progressing so before pandemic I do not remember I did were from how many days because the job requires collaboration and talking each other every day. See where we are, how we are making the software for the company and how things going after when the pandemic came. And the first few days we are thinking about how we're going to do it would be able to do it from home. Everybody was thinking
but then we started, now everybody's at home, we started using different online tools like that, You'll miss Skype and I'll
like
I'll like that and now in italy a few days were tough but after that everything is going very small. Like I'm talking to you, we are doing the same kinds of meeting three times four times a day, the same manner. Everybody swing what they did even earlier, they used to make a chart on the whiteboard. Now they are making a chart on the paper and then showing like this, so this is the chart like this. He said go like this, this, this so so
I love it. And then I was telling after a few days, I told them I think we should start doing like that only why we are going off because going office means They spent 30 minutes in traffic in the morning, 30, 34, 40 minutes in the evening. And then get locked up his stress while you're driving. Right?
Why to take that much stress? But time here or from home easily we can cannot Really.
That's an emergency. The fuel project. If you see it's around $1.50. I never seen that
low fuel price nobody is taking to You don't need guys
fine and great. It's too low.
Yeah. Because we're not doing any pollution. Low, low less traffic. Even whenever I go for a walk on the road just outside of my community, very less traffic
less policy. And I feel, wow. Now I'm really living in a society where it's green, re less pollution, less traffic leah. I've never seen
that.
No, but my my job requires to do that. Talking to multiple people at the same time, make a decision, make a plan, make you make a timeline, see where we are. Are we reaching to that goal or not any kind of ricks anything. We have to we have to putting a report for the top management, something like that. It's a full full into went to the management. So the thing when we started the project, it was earlier january that time we never realized the pandemic is going to come that time. Everything was fine. It was small till feb in and in March and then we start then everybody was scared. We'll be able to complete this on time and of the cl everybody was shocked
and supplied, nobody knew the answer because everybody's going home, Nobody's coming to office. How will collaborate or will talk, how will make a decision who who will supervise to whom? So many questions coming out right? They started
and after a few weeks everybody started feeling normal. We can do it. It's nothing it's nothing like something we cannot do from home. We can do. We have technologies, we have laptops that can we have audio, videoconferencing, we have a good wifi internet connection so we can do it now. Everybody started doing it and then they started getting confidence there right there. No, everybody is confident. Okay. We can do it. Yeah, yeah, I agree.
We have done it yet.
But really I I'm not saying that time it's really 25.
So maybe we can
we can still treat happy to make sure we are doing anything. Nothing. Who's losing a president? No, but we have done it. That that's a good and thank you to you. Yeah.
Not
not done.
it's not about main main problem. What do I see with prolific? They never send any email. So if you continuous looking on the screen maybe you'll get something. There is no such notification. It's not always possible to regularly watch the screen
and don't
do anything
else.
I'm
using the room.
So really I never tried to attempt
and
how
how soon how soon it notified? Notifies instantly
are
me too. I'm just 33 weeks before I started using. And uh that's also because of pandemic. Earlier I used to go to office, I was working at Office place. I never get a chance to look into any of the testing. Now since I'm at home I can open and a three times something intellect. So I started if I found that. But that that's a good thing you told. So it's a roller finger extends and something plural. Figure assistance.
that's
it.
Okay. No, that's
good. Dave because
No, that's good. And that's that's the 11 of the problems we're seeing with prolific. There was no email notification. There is nothing which helped me to know because something is there for me. There was nothing. I was just where to and worship something comes the same time you're looking grab it as that's but that's a good thing you told me and I'm just not clearly used it. What we what we need to do after our discussion. Do we need to fill any kind
of question? You want something?
And in the mess that the front came from where I clicked this video, they said you have to do almost something. 20 minutes or something question are something they were telling. I remember. So I have
to see you next year.
It's
see and I don't know how to close once you open the window. Child plays keeping open entire time. Don't until complete like here do not move
on.
I don't know what
to do.
Maybe.
take
his gun. Yeah, I can see the timer is coming.
My timer is saying 32 minutes because I came 3234 minutes earlier maybe and maybe they'll Egypt next arrow. So once we finished, maybe we need to click on the national so it will go on the question or something where I need to fill it. Yeah,
Yeah. It's been very nice talking to you and stays safe. Stay healthy and
hope
it was totally stranger. Meet and I hope we've got give some another chance. We'll talk again first. And I hope you'll get your full compensation after talking to me. And I hope the same for
me
that.
I have a good day. Take care.
Bye bye.