Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Jeans. Okay. They also Mhm. Oh this is my guest. Right. Great mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You can get whatever you want. This is not good. You too man, this is and you're going to have a drink. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh get the part. Uh Mhm. I don't know whether you have information about ah What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Seriously? Yeah. Thank you. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh okay. Usually. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. You know. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. If you want. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Come about. Mhm. How are you? Why not? Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. John, I don't know. Mhm. Mhm. No. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Fuck Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Good time. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Under the law for the model. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh what? Mm. And unfortunately. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Hello? Hi, how are you?
Good. I hope I have enough light.
First male I've ever talked to
on the video chat. Yes. Yeah
I know. I figured
they
no, I just figured they did like female to female or male female, I didn't know.
doubt it, I doubt it. I very seriously doubt it. So where are you at
Omaha?
Nice. That's one state I have not been through. Yeah
I'm in Louisiana. Yeah I'm way down here in the boring state. Well I'm in the northern part, I'm I'm like North Central, do you know where interstate 20 is?
Yeah I'm about I'd say about an hour, 15 minute drive from Shreveport east of Shreveport and pretty much an hour, 15 minute drive or hour and a half from like texas Arkansas, Mississippi
Yeah
my mom's from Germany but the rest of my family, like on my dad's side is like texas Louisiana down south.
I tell you what those Germans who my grandmother lived 30 something years in Germany, she grew up, she was a child during World War II and she, she was a hardcore woman. Yeah, she's very strict, very conservative, you know, very wow, just strict.
Probably so I don't know, I'm not sure what they were raised raised as I'm not sure on that side. We went to Germany this last summer for three weeks and that's the first country I went to do that absolutely did not like,
no, I don't like the people, some of them like in the small towns, they're very, very, it's just everything is really strict. You don't have any freedom whatsoever there at all. And you know when you're raised in the United States and used to all that freedom and freedom of speech, you don't really have that there. Okay.
And the very old fashioned, I mean they still live like post war days, you know like still kind of round Second World War Two, like there are a lot of paperwork, you know? Yeah,
and very big on time. I noticed. Mhm.
We went to, we stayed in a small town where my aunt lives because I still have family there. Um My mom's from Heidelberg, but this is a little town outside Heidelberg called Head to Shine. Mhm.
There's so many little towns.
you
got it.
8.1
there's a wonderful
Then you know, you know what it's like over there in the city and the city's it's okay. but when you're in the small towns people just stare, you know
like I was
wearing
joggers and things like that and that's not things they wear over there. So uh the only people I've really got along with his Germans who actually lived in the US for a while and moved back to Germany to be with their family. They kind of know how americans are and they're real kind, you know if they here and tell you from America they'll stop and talk to you. Some of the older generations at least that was my experience. But I think my aunt, she's just really really strict. She made it no fun there because I tried to take pictures and she was like don't take pictures with people in it because that's against the law unless you have their permission. And um then she said yes and she said also that um don't take pictures that have the license plate showing in your pictures and it was just a bunch of straight roles. And then I tried to buy a prepaid card while I was there so I could talk to my german uh cousin who lives in New Jersey but I wanted to keep in touch with her because she's the one that knows all the, you know, she still got family there too and it took me like almost four hours to get through everything. I had to video chat, they had to do my passport like this to make sure it wasn't fake and all kinds of stuff. It was a lot of rigor moral. Oh
Yeah definitely.
Uh I went last summer, I went from May to june middle of june. We went like the end of May, we stayed there three whole weeks and I was miserable. I was so ready to come home. I was I'm not gonna lie. I had fun in the city. Like we went to Heidelberg and I forget what it's called. But it's where they do all the fireworks. They do it about four times a year on the river and they do the fireworks where the castle is and Heidelberg and they make it look like it's on fire and
yeah. Yeah I got video of all that. That that was cool. The city was cool but being in the small town it was it got really hot and we really struggled with no air conditioner if you're not used to it. Uh
All right. It's like that in the UK. two.
I
heard it.
What happened?
Oh I know.
And then you get creeks from the window being open at night so the cool air can company. I spent six months in England and There was two weeks I remember that was really rough heat.
Shit.
Well Scotland's got they kind of get that Canada weather from what I understand it comes over.
Well
well it's everywhere. I mean everybody thinks differently about how the heating the climate change. But I don't know my dad explained to me and it makes sense to me is the fact that at one point when things started melting and they started finding things where people lived at one time where it was frozen all the time. He says it makes sense it makes sense to me. I don't know if it's the truth I'm not a scientist but it makes sense that the world has gone through these hot cycles before and it went back to cooler to hotter. I don't know if that's right or not. I
don't
know, but it makes sense to me. Uh huh.
isn't
rolling.
Have
He said
What?
Well hopefully we'll be dead when it gets real bad. Yes.
I know, knock on your head. That's what I do, wow.
Yeah, it's I know it's hot down here. I hate it. It's probably let's see if I can see what the weather is. I usually wipe it out on my phone but um it's hot right now here. Uh Actually
it's showing 49°.. Real feel 52. I'm really shocked. It
feels
45. I have like being somewhere called like last month, I was supposed to be in Iceland around this time because I love Iceland. It's my favorite place to go. And just with this pandemic it's hard to even get out of the country. Like I have when I went on vacation there once I met a girl, a lady and we've been, we became best friends over the last three years and she said the only place that's open to fly into the U. S. Is boston right now, which I'm shocked. That's even open. No,
that's what she said. But she could have been wrong. I don't know because we were all supposed to meet up this next summer. I'm hoping that will happen. We're supposed to meet up in Alaska but I don't know, I'm just ready for some cold. I love Iceland. It's not too cold and it's not too hot like summer time. You still have to wear long sleeves it's perfect for me. It's miserable down here. I hate it here I do
but I'm here because of my parents so
nope but neither is like when I was in the U. K. Like when I was in Nottingham it got hot there too. Like it was too humid. I don't like the humidity it's a bit too much mixed with a heat. But I know in England I had sinus infections nonstop. I stayed there for six months and I was miserable the whole time.
Yeah I do too. Don't get me wrong it's just human it's a different kind of human you know you've been there so you know it to me I have oily skin so humidity doesn't do good with oily skin.
that's me.
And in England it felt like it was dirty on my skin like it felt dirty
like a smoggy, dirty feel kind of like new york city. It felt just like that.
Yeah. I've been there once. I didn't like new york city either. I'm not a city girl. So
like philadelphia about went crazy driving through there that when you get to the point where you don't even have a yard or driveway to park your car. That's bad. Yeah,
depressing.
I probably commit suicide if I lived in a place like that. Mhm.
Uh Well we just passed through um I went up to visit a cousin that lives in Trenton, New Jersey and then we went up to new york city after that. But we drove through philadelphia and just going through there was so depressing. It was so depressing. We didn't even stop for the Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, which I really wanted to get one when I was there. But it was just so depressing. We just wanted to get through it. Get out of there.
Yes it does.
I hadn't had one in a long time which I really wanted a Philly one. I wanted to try it just just to know. But it's not that bad. I can
live
without
it. Well the Cajun food, we need a lot of Cajun food here. So I like my Cajun food. Mhm.
Oh yeah. Do you ever eat their Cajun rice?
That's
yes, I love it too. It's it's got chicken livers or gizzards in it which I'm not a fan of that but overall it's kind of similar to our jambalaya. A little bit
like the Cajun Cajun kind. You know you know in Louisiana? You've got Cajun, you've got creole, cajuns, cajuns, The brown room which is more north and the creole is like new Orleans style. Oh but that's what it reminds me of.
my goodness. So do you have you ever had any like gumbo or anything?
Maybe?
What was it at? Uh Probably. I mean gumbo can be all different ways. I mean you can make it like we do a lot of the Cajun gumbo here but usually we throw, I like to put the crawfish tails in mind. But our basic is like a shrimp sausage chicken gumbo.
Yeah.
Actually
the small shrimp to me are better anyway. Like here we got family that have shrimp boats down and um past new Orleans and homa and down past home. I'm trying to remember grand isle And we get colossal and jumbo shrimp for like $2.25 a pound because the family gives us a discount, you know pretty much. And I don't really, to be honest I prefer the little ones. They're tender, they're better. Mhm. Mhm.
That's cool. So do y'all do you guys
have
mountains up that way? Because I've never been through Nebraska?
I'm looking at it on the I'm fixing a look up the state now because like I said, I haven't been to all states. Um I'm trying to see where even Nebraska's at. God. Oh you're not that far away,
you're
just
above
payments is. Yeah.
You don't have any gold in your state. Mhm.
Oh I would love to go there. I love gold pending. I found a diamond in Arkansas though. At the only diamond.
Yeah it was on my bucket list, it was only 12 points white diamond, but it was on my bucket list so I'm happy.
Oh yeah it's it's I'm trying to look at is your state of Red State or Blue State? I'm just curious, but
okay. I thought it was I know, I'm I'm not I'm normally not into politics by the way. But this year, you know, everybody was talking about it, I was stressed out and stuff and I was like, oh, politics is too stressful.
This year was the first year I actually voted because I just I don't know, I just didn't want to get involved. So
Oh, I know. But you know, Louisiana's like major red. I mean, like I was looking on the map like 85% voted for Trump. So we're pretty much we're big time red down this way.
It was pretty red. I didn't know if it actually voted all, I hadn't kept up with all of it,
but
usually
the
big cities are
quite quite conservative. Huh?
You'll have
you'll have more republicans, or do you have more um, libertarians?
I know, you never know which way libertarians are gonna go from what someone told me. Like, I had friends that are libertarian, but they voted for trump because they felt like if they voted libertarian that would be given biden a vote. And I was like, okay, you know, you're supposed
to vote for who
you want, you know?
Yeah, me, either. It's depressing.
Yeah. You're the first person I've ever talked to about politics on here. I'm sorry. It's just the other people I spoke to, um they were more in blue states, so I wasn't sure. But I'm not saying I don't even know what you are, but I was independent, but I switched over to Republican because of all the online nastiness. And I got upset. So I kind of went away from Independent because I didn't know what I wanted to do. You know? It was just like, oh, all the hate and I don't know.
Are we there yet?
enjoy. It was really nice talking to you.
Yes, I will. My birthday's in three days. I'll be 46.
Thank you.
Not much
to do. Oh, I will
always, I'm I'm a homebody take care.