Good how are you doing?
I see you just fine.
The first male.
how exciting
how many?
Oh go ahead. Sorry
actually now I think about it. No I've I've only had females. Um So I guess I really hadn't thought about it before. Yeah up until now everyone's been been a female so now included. So uh you're the only one that's ever mentioned it. Maybe I'm the only guy doing this wow
Nebraska
Omaha.
are you?
Yeah. Kind of. Yeah.
I'll tell you what I know about Louisiana. Uh Okay my grandparents and why not? My grandparents a set of grandparents came up through Louisiana I guess they were there were huge in knots and got booted out of France and came up you know it got sent to new Orleans and uh they moved their way up from there so settled in Louisiana and ended up moving up to Iowa. So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well we haven't had anyone from down south for a long time. So yeah, that's where the french ones came from is Louisiana. Uh rest of them came up here and german lot of Germans, so french woman.
sounds Luther and go
You didn't like Germany?
no, they're they're very particular.
yeah, they don't uh it's it's funny they very forward thinking but very set in their ways at the same time. Very much so.
yeah. So where'd you go in Germany?
huh.
Uh My uh yeah, it was a great, great grandfather on my mom's side uh came from Baden Baden, which I guess I guess he left when they started, well partly to
I
guess there was a draft going on and he left to avoid that. And uh something about a window tax, I don't quite get it. But I guess they instituted attacks where
the more windows you had, the more tax you paid and he had a bunch of windows and between that and being drafted, he decided to uh hitch up and move here, so, mm. But my brother was living in Germany For like 5, 10 years I think. Um we went and visited him. He uh
there's I forget the name of the base, but there was an air force base that he was working at. He's not he's not uh in the military but he's a civilian employee with the military and they sent him over there and we visited him when he stayed there. So um
you
can
tell your
Yeah, they do like the regulations. All right,
so how long ago was that?
That's cool.
They don't have the air conditioning. Yeah,
I
know,
I was just thinking that they it started getting hot there
in the UK and they don't have error anywhere. And
it yeah and uh it's
Yeah, I see, I my dad was in the marines and we used to live in Scotland when I was younger and uh It was never hot there, I mean, but that
was like in the 60s, so
Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, it's uh it's cooler, but still back then it never got hot in in England, you know, you know that getting that hot in the summer is it's a fairly recent phenomenon phenomenon, you like
the way we get in there.
thank
you.
to an extent that's true, but uh it's accelerated
a lot more, a lot more than just a natural processes can account for, you know,
well what's happening now is exactly what they
said was going to happen when I was a kid. I remember reading about it, uh they this is exactly what they said was going to happen. And, you know, there's uh I saw
an interactive map once, you know, the british Navy for years, you know, they're very anal about certain things and the british Navy, wherever they travel, they had, they would take measurements, you know, uh certain times of the day, you know, they'd measure uh the winds, the temperature, the depths, you know, the currents, all that stuff, and For well over 200 years they did that. Well, some guy went ahead and uh he charted all that and like I said, it was an interactive map and you can start
it and watch at the beginning uh how the temperatures changed when the Industrial Revolution started, and once that started you know you just saw the temperature is going up and up and up and uh so yeah I know some of its going to happen but it's happening a lot further than you can just account for by nature. So you know it's
knock on mostly.
Okay.
Yeah.
They got
40 right here.
I'm surprised anything is open to be honest.
this is
I was gonna say you you know if you don't like the heat Louisiana is not a good place to be,
that's too bad. I like England.
No you you end up looking all shiny and
uncomfortable and
dirty. Yeah.
New york city.
No, no neither am I not not a big one for the city's, I get claustrophobic with that type of thing. Okay
I don't
know the fucking yeah
when you go to philadelphia.
cheesesteak sounds good right now.
It does. Yeah
he
doesn't
work.
yeah that makes sense. I like cajuns. As a matter of fact I'm gonna go to Popeye's after this and pick up their Cajun spice chicken.
Yes. As a matter of fact I
got special order. My wife wants me to get the Cajun rice.
Jambalaya.
My daughter is messing with the cat. All right. Right
I have I don't know uh how authentic it was but they called it gumbo and thought
it was good.
there was sausage and chicken in there. Yeah
little tiny shrimps which pretty good.
Let's see you.
they're easy to eat to. Um Yeah, I just got good stuff. Maynard,
thank
you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. There's Nebraska is flat. I mean flat, flat, it's uh okay. The closest mountains would be about 12 hours that way. And you can't tell. But I'm pointing west. uh you know, colorado, But between between colorado and here is a whole lot of nothing. It's just,
No,
just
up the
river.
Yes, we are.
the closest would be, you know, the black hills in south Dakota. But
that's pretty cool. Yeah,
let's say that's kind of neat.
it's weird.
See,
No, I get that. I get that. And some people just so willing to argue about it. And I'm
Now Nebraska's pretty red, so
well,
almost by itself is a fairly liberal city, but
the
address
uh Yeah, yeah, it is. Uh but the rest of the state you get outside of Omaha, it's uh quite, quite red. Um
It really
is
um mostly republicans, but there's a lot of libertarians running around. Um Yeah, just enough to mess things up on you.
Well,
I mean,
what would be wrong with that? I don't know. Uh like I say, I a lot of it just does not make sense to me, so
it is, it really is.
There's a whole lot of it out there, so anyhoo I've uh
yeah, we are, we are, I just checked the timer and my daughter is over there making motions for me to go get Popeyes, so we'll
You too, you guys have a have a happy thanksgiving.
Oh, happy birthday.
Stay
out of trouble,
No.