Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Oh okay. Okay. Yeah,
I mean, no. Yeah I'm good. I'm good. Right. All you're doing, you're doing okay. I've been in og sunday that I got in. Yeah.
Yeah, it's cool. Let me kind of move closer so probably can you hear me? Uh
What do you say?
Okay. Same progress. You just do that too. Yeah.
Oh I mean
no accent to it. There's a song called, there's an accent
so
uh yeah, so I wasn't like born in the United States, I kind of moved there when I was like little, so like I think it was around probably 10 or something so
I can still have my own kind of like accent right there. So yeah, so it's like, so where we at least there where do you live at part of the
contract?
I see.
okay. I see your coc I say three making the most. I say I was just over there. I was in college feeling good. Is it Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like about 40 something over the years. Uh It was like 30 something after day because it was like Rome yesterday. So it was like around like we to 20. So I just like I just stayed at home all day because you know, I don't want to go out with cold fucking water. That's what we don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. So I live in Chicago but currently in school for mathematics and physics. But I live
with my parents Chicago. So, but my school is like three hours away from Chicago, charleston over. No, it's like college.
What is a
well,
they're planning
them.
The point is that I actually started after my glasses like in class and halfway online. But because of the cases that are kind of like going up right now, so that kind of like planning on moving all classes now, it's just online. But the thing is I can't really, I want to I'm going back home for thanksgiving break, but I said I was like come back because I have to take my physics three examine class. So if not just stay at home, I don't even come back here myself to come back again because I just have to take the exam and just go back again. Some it kind of sucks but whatever. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I
mean what
you say
and
did you do? What was in Nigeria?
Yeah. Physics lab. So uh
and the thing I learnt was there most schools, like top schools in the US kind of like decided that if you did like a lab, probably like chemistry lab, physics lab, some type of lab last semester, they're probably not count it because they kind of believe that, you know, learning is different from learning online and because of the change to online learning, you couldn't do the lab yourself in prison, so you don't really have the basic knowledge to be able to path on the experiment yourself right there. So they kind of like the script that so, so I don't know. So that's why I like, my physics professor was like, okay, even if it's like 11 week, we just have to look like a lab or something like that. Like he doesn't like fuck you up somewhere or another because after transfer somewhere else and just in case my shit, I was like, oh did you do it online or was in classes? Like it's in class, but so it's kind of like, you know, it's not the students followed and spend time, it's like the college phone because they're probably looking for people with like experience, I feel like that. But Kofi that's kind of like crew and everything for everybody this year. You know, it wasn't like the best year ever. I don't know if it wasn't for me, like this year was, it's okay, it's no, it's still the same as any other year, but just you were like rounding around me, just kind of, you know, just kind of sucks, you know, I kind of plan to travel out for the summer, but I couldn't go and they were uh uh it's like being at home for like a month, I didn't go out, I didn't do anything. So my I was I was like with my dad, like Rando lockdown stuff started in March, so it was only my dad and my sister for like a whole good month. You know, just chilling. It was kinda like weird, you know? I don't know. It's just kind of like we're never talking about and I feel like there's nothing anybody could have done, you know? It's just like, well like what you want us to do is still gonna be around privately next year, you know? I don't know. Why are
you gonna
take, are you gonna take the vaccine? It's like a new vaccine. Are you're probably gonna take it?
How?
No.
job
or
something.
Oh,
that's cool.
television.
I'm from Nigeria. So pretty much
was there for like 10 years and everything like that. I
mean, the experience
is
not bad.
What do you say? You said something right
now?
You don't
know.
It's
is pretty
great circus
out of
work.
What?
This is like the west Africa side,
saying I'm not really good with maps is, or even though I took drugs in front of it and I don't know my notes summer the close by, that's
fine.
That's all
mean you did. I tend to forget if you don't like your, it isn't,
come
on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Cussler. This is a river, is a river of a danger or something like that happen. So I'm going so there,
It's
like a
river
connecting the old uh, there's one from, I think no danger and this is another one from the other side. I don't know their name, but it's like to really, this is, I don't think that's something. Yeah I mean Nigeria is cool. You know we have great food, nice culture. Although the leaders kind of sucks uh
pearl the leader of the government. Uh Because
yeah they're always like old man you know just like I'm like what what's going on there? Like why? And like promises like all I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And when they get there they just you know like why what like what would it take you to do something? Like even if you don't want like even if you want to take out of the money of the people, I can do something for the people so that we kind of like remember you for something you do when you're not doing shit. I used to take a part of the money. Like how like I don't know I don't know how people can be just a lot less than just decide just to ruin the whole nation of just fuck them over.
I kind of just, it's funny.
condition.
Yeah. I mean most of them like the leaders over there, most of them probably didn't go to college just like high school and I was just kind of like effect a degree or something. I was like, oh I went to college, I did this, I did that, I'm like you didn't do shit bro, like what the fuck you talking about? But I think it's gonna take a long time before like africa kind of kind of change to be like, you know, really really good place because because the people that currently there, I don't want to do shit. The people like what they're before, you know, I feel like it couldn't do shit. I just, you know, just didn't give a fucking rosa. It's whatever it's for you. So do you have any big plans for this week doing
few years? I think I probably needed jobs all for a winter break so they could get some money.
what is he?
I
mean my target right now. Yeah. Uh
well
dr
L. A. Really?
I mean
I want had like a roommates who was applying the last semester or for jobs even though it was not done. And the thing was that like most of the jobs were actually like her name and it was like hey I'm not done. But they were like, hey we read you right now like do you want to jump in it? And it was like dude I'm not done. I feel like finished. So most of the jobs kind of applied for, we're like needing people like right there right now so I don't know but I think I also like internship kinda helps you like because I'm gonna do my internship next summer and everything like that. So it's kind of like what
you would do, well I wanna get you like okay do you want to work for us? Blah blah blah, you be like I'm sure I guess you know this
is
what
you say,
Am I doing work?
I'm not really because right now I'm doing my mathematics and physics are pretty much I like mathematics like physics. But the thing is that I don't want to be a teacher, I don't want to be a professor, I don't want to be a lecturer. I'm bad at teaching people, I'm bad at impacting my knowledge into you. But I'm good so I'm like okay since I'm not good at that, what else can I do? So I'm good at physics, I'm good at max. Why don't I just go into the engineering packs now? Probably do like mechanical engineering, electrical engineer, So that's why I pretty much want to transfer next year and just go through that, something like that, so that, you know, it's pretty much just better for me for the love ground and I don't want to do something I don't really like also. Yeah, so that's that's why I go, right, Oh
mean in shirts, not bad
though, it's just uh was there
and you know, you're
so
bad.
It takes a lot of determination, uh uh passion for it. Like if you don't like have a really good passion for it, I don't think it's a good because you have to like really, really think, think out of the box and cut out to do other things like that. And you know, it can be discouraged that for us. I think most jobs are always like that. Most jobs are like I don't really like this. It's stressful. But you know, as long as you have like a real passion for it, you probably love your job, you pretty much just stick with it and go However I feel so going out. Yeah.
Hi mm hmm, mm.
All
What,
what
do you like?
I mean,
I don't
really like I'm not like a big time love a boy for math and physics. Just I just I just like the feeling you get from probably solving a question something you don't know. Like probably they talk about like diffraction reflection lights waves or these kind of things. I mean like, oh, so this is how this works, this is how this works this out. So you get the feeling you get the satisfaction you get from that. That's why I pretty much like it. I don't get the satisfaction from other things like biology, chemistry. And I'm also like I would say have pretty much a little bit good chemistry biology kind of suck at it. I don't really like reading that much. I just like you know, just just just solving, trying to understand things, trying to figure out life walks. Yeah,
bond as well.
Yeah, this matters and I think everything, I think everything is just in between each other. Biology Chemistry and physics altogether. English. You know they're all in the same world, things are tied together the whole life together about I know, I think chemistry is linear more to it. Math, physics is living towards mass to I think max is like the father of like one of them a little bit like it brought a biology kind of stands on its own a little bit, a
little bit of chemistry to it I think. I don't know. Maybe I think.
Oh.
There's
a lot of mass encounters for you, but you have
to
like remember some equations and stuff like that, some value and everything. Like it's kind of fun. It's fun in its own sense. I don't like like defined is to find out that's not my thing. Just like straightforward
calculators calculate that well we're good body, but that's what I got All right.
that's that's uh I don't think you get like, oh Mark every week, but it's not like that when I did, chemistry was like a little bit too friend. No, you're pretty much s place shit stuff. Um Probably solves a little bit, tells you how to do about it and everything like that. It was pretty fun back then. What that not bad. Yeah,
or
I mean I'm pretty much a little bit different from most people think, I think everybody is different, but the way I see things is that, you know, I don't really take things too hard. You know if uh let's say I'm in a difficult class. The thing I probably just just read on my own, I will focus. I was like really focus on what you're trying to tell me about because I know I'm not going to get it. So what I'm just gonna do is take my time out of my day, read on my own, try to focus as much as possible what I can get on my own. And that's very much does for like kind of helps me. I like the way for like my factory because it's on zoom. I don't really get anything from when I go to like the zoom class, it's like well, so it's like real my own, do the homework on my own, then take the test quiz and everything on my own. So it feels like um the t shirts twins, you know everything all in one together. We just got a good, you know? Yeah, it's good and it's also from
that.
well.
Yeah, I know people would kind of eight zoom right now. They're like, why? Why? So it was like cry. I'm like why are you crying? Hopefully. It's like this is that it's incredible how you could be way worse than to this. Like, you know, like, you know, you see up there to judge the sea and never think you stay with avocado zoom when I want with the teacher and everything like that. Some people don't give a fuck. Just gonna put like a video up there, just a watch this video and do your own work and you have to figure everything out on your own please. But you just look like the time out of the day to teach, you know and everything like that, you should kind of up shit that. But they're like, nah, it's what I want to go back to in class learning. I'm like, oh you got to wait like probably next year for some time.
What?
Help.
Yeah. You feel like most people reason why they're kind of upset because they feel like they don't like progression because I feel like there's nobody to monitor you. Like if you're in class, you feel like there's like this camera, artist teacher looking at you to do your shit to kind of understand. But zoom. You can switch off your camera, do something that's probably what's like netflix or just sleep off, you know? So it kind of takes away the value of landing and it says to, so you know, kind of socks. Uh huh. Okay. So that's when they're 20.
Yeah. Some teachers really don't like it. You know, like one of my teacher told them like some at all. I'm like sorry to you.
Yeah. Because I feel like, I mean after like everything probably ends. I don't know, probably they could integrate like a six time where they teach teachers like a little bit of online landing and everything like that. So in case something like this happen next time in the future, who knows? They're like kind of like ready, you know, you know, truly to go and to, you know, teach the students and everything like that. Because I was like, most people are not prepared for this time. Just like, what the fuck? You know what?
This get
me out of here.
Always
there.
No, I didn't say anything
what
the
committee
like.
No.
I'm
not
become.
feel like I could be the science, which I was like that, so
But
Well,
well.
Yeah, I mean I would probably do the same if I was in your shoes like, oh, great. A I don't give a fuck. I'm just going to know, probably just going to sleep or something like, oh, I'm supposed to be in class, whatever. Just probably go back to sleep.
damn.
You look, you're lucky. Lucky.
I mean most of my teachers, I don't know ever since I've been there. I don't know any when, I mean any of my teacher's name, you know my professor of my high school teachers. I don't know anybody's name. They always each other. I probably know right now. I don't even know his name. I just probably like him because my physics teacher right now pretty much just like him. Well, I don't know his name because he's asian and you know, I don't want to like, you know destroys name. So I don't, I don't try to pronounce it, but I feel like I can probably let it before the semester. And so yeah, most of budget and I don't really look at the name. I just probably know you by your face or something.
Hey, Hey. Well, I guess
that's college life. You know, that's code minus so many more minutes We have, I don't know. I think
you joined
little great rapes or something. So
what make sure.
Okay. So thanks for talking with me today. It was a pleasure. I want to talk to.
What's your name? What's your name? What?
Hi. Oh, my name is Divine.
The, yeah, the woman.
What does it mean? Yeah. Divine
Go.
Yeah. It's coming a little bit of hard for me. But yeah, it was nice talking to your pretty much appreciate the conversation. Another thing and just make sure you have a wonderful week ahead and no other blasts, you
know, eat some nice food and just enjoy yourself. Okay,
Thank
you so
much.
I, well,
well