SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What? Mhm. Okay. Mm. People, different nations. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hello, Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Hey. Mhm. Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: No one. Can you hear me okay? Okay, great.
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: How is your monday going?
SPEAKER_L: right. Uh not too bad. All things considered. You.
SPEAKER_R: Not bad. Have you done one of these um prolific video chats before? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: is actually my 4th one and which I think might mean this is the last one they pay me for.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, this is my 3rd 1. Um It's so interesting. I'd be really curious to see like the results of the research once it's like once they, you know, digested everything and got your comb through like hours of audio.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Uh that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm curious.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Especially after the first time when you know what the questions about what we're going to be, it's a little different.
SPEAKER_R: I'm curious like what exactly they're they're getting at. I mean, I'm sure they'll do like content analysis, right? Like to see if like certain topics are associated with different things, but have you really curious if they're going to publish, publish it somewhere, you know, just do the analysis internally.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That is that that would be interesting. But I have no idea how you go about like finding the results of any other stuff you do on prolific. Like so there's so many coronavirus surveys. And then, you know, I read the new, then I see the statistics about, oh, you know this many, here's what percentage of people are super depressed about covid or here's how much confidence they have in whatever part of the government. And then I'm like, man, I feel a lot of bunches to raise about that stuff. I am mean.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. Yes. I mean, it kind of makes sense that it would be like every researcher is pivoting to covid because, you know, it's like such, such the thing of the moment
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean in in March and april
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: there were so many, there were so many repeating surveys. It was, I mean it was great as someone who gets money for filling them out. Although ideally we would not have this whole situation I guess with the virus and all. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that would be preferable. Where are you based?
SPEAKER_L: I live in Portland. So we've also got the protest riot situation going on that
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: works.
SPEAKER_R: been uh the san Francisco bay area, you're actually the third like of the three of these prolific um like video chats I've done. It's all been with people in Oregon, which I wonder if I'm like being here. I mean I guess it's like pacific time, so we're at the same time, you're my third Oregon person which seems like a weird uh weird.
SPEAKER_L: This is not funny. I've gotten the last guy I think was in like indiana. So I've gotten beetle from other time zones. Yes. Or I can and see how they're arranging all this. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Um I like Oregon. I was actually up there a few weeks ago um in um new port on the coast. If you know that area.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I've been at Newport.
SPEAKER_R: Very cute. Hold
SPEAKER_L: They got
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: that giant
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: giant
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: aquarium. I love it there.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah. I haven't been in like non covid time so it can go to the aquarium because it was, you know, closed, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Every everything is, I mean my favorite place in Portland is Powell's city of books and that is uh that's closed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, it's uh it's tough with a lot of things being closed. I wonder how they're, how they're doing in the, you know, staying alive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean they they they're pushing online ordering pretty hard. I actually, I just checked on like the other day and they've opened up, they've opened up one of their like five locations, not the main one, but it's, you know, it's limited hours and you've got to wear a mask. But 11 Powell's location is physically open again, which is something, although who knows if it will turn out to have been a good idea in a couple of weeks I guess. Uh
SPEAKER_R: with your like daily life affected by the protests at all, like are you anywhere near the like autonomous zone? Oh
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm a I'm a few blocks out from where they happen and honestly I was I was kind of surprised to realize that because in the past I've been able when there's protests because Portland lot of protests over a lot of lot of stuff. Uh And in the past sometimes I've been able to see and hear like marchers from my window, like like it's across the street on a corner and I can usually just barely see them if they go by. Uh But for a long time I like I I couldn't hear or see anything of the protests from here, although I eventually realized that what I thought was the sound of fireworks going off was probably either flash bangs and tear gas. I was I was watching like videos
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: of, you know, the protests on twitter and I then they were people getting you know tear gas and flash bang and I was like, oh I recognize that noise now. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would like to go, I kind of want to go down there so I can I just see what it's like and say that I went to one of the protests, but it seems like the police are getting pretty indiscriminate with the beatings and the arrests and I don't really when I get tear gas and I'm being honest.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's unexplainable. I've read a little bit about it that it like seems to be in some ways like not actually great for communities of color that there are like, you know, minority owned black business, black owned businesses that are like really feel alienated by the protests, which is um really not not the goal.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh yeah, I've heard that I'm in Portland as I've I like Portland, I've lived here for 56 years now I guess. Uh it's a nice place but I know there's this whole, you know it's kind of a sorted past which I haven't read up on super deeply, but my recollection is that like Portland was it was founded as some sort of all white utopia city and like black people couldn't legally Live here until 19 70 or 80 or something like pretty pretty recent as as that stuff
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: goes. Uh And you know now now it's better uh Although you know there's obviously it's not yeah, Portland is doing better about that stuff now, but also you know, it could be doing better than it is. Ah That's I mean, I actually like, I'm always trying to keep up on covid stuff because Oregon is relatively low on the list of states, but I know like almost everywhere where numbers
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: are on the rise. So I looked up some stuff on that recently and apparently the part of Portland I'm in which is like right central downtown. Uh it's pretty, it's pretty low cases. Like I'm like, I'm not one of those color coded maps. It's the lightest shade. But then as you go east, eventually you get to like It's out past
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: 82nd Street or something. So it's a few miles east, you get to the poorer communities where more people live and the case the case rates up there are are worse. So there's, yeah, it's it's complicated. But also it's not complicated enough that you can't look at it and see that like it's not good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It seems like a really tough situation especially for people that like have jobs where they can't socially distance. Um Okay.
SPEAKER_L: On the one hand, I wish I had a job because that would mean money. But also
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I am glad I don't have to go work it like Starbucks or something right now because I've got I've got friends who do and it sounds bad.
SPEAKER_R: Well that wasn't so terrifying. Like when you sign up to be a bird's that you're not signing up to like put your life at risk, it's just like
SPEAKER_L: Especially
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: with the way people are people get about masks and all that stuff. It doesn't like I got I just I got cloth masks relatively recently. Before that I've been using like bandanas which were not great. Like a
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: shifted around a lot. I got real sweaty underneath them. Compared to that. A cotton mask is incredible. It's like wearing practically nothing. And I like when I was like, oh my God, is this what everyone's going so insane about this is barely anything. You know? Especially compared to getting sick and getting other people sick.
SPEAKER_R: I read a study today or saw a study on on twitter that said um police masks, like you know, mass that use police as material are actually worse than no mask because they like break down the droplets in a way that makes the virus like easier to transmit. Which was kind of scary. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it was that flea
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: specifically or just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like the police material when it was tested um
SPEAKER_L: who?
SPEAKER_R: actually was like works that no math.
SPEAKER_L: So I guess that'll be so, I guess that's something to keep in mind when the weather gets colder. But I actually I actually have a balaclava style ski mask that I was
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: planning to to break back out,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but I'll have to check with that tomato I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So do you have any tips about the pacific northwest? I'm actually moving up to Washington State in a couple of weeks up in Bellingham. If you know that area.
SPEAKER_L: Um vaguely. I I when I moved to Portland, I thought I would be spending more time up in like Washington in Seattle because I know people up there, but I haven't like, I've been up a couple times. Uh
SPEAKER_R: And where did
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: never know too much about Washington specifically. Um Especially, you know, with how things are are now, But
SPEAKER_R: here?
SPEAKER_L: I mean you're there's probably make sure you you got stuff for rain, there's gonna be a lot of rain and and snow, which is something that Portland sees much less of all right. But also in the summer it does get in the summer it gets pretty hot spring and fall feel to me at least like they barely exist. Uh And then and then it's it's there's there's probably gonna be a lot of gray rainy uh days which
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's my impression. I like I like mist and rain. Like some people really don't like it, but it's definitely on my out. Like where did you move from? Like before you were in Portland?
SPEAKER_L: well I grew up in California and then I moved to Bend Oregon for for college and then I transferred to PS you here. Um Then I mean I like California, but I like I like Portland, I like Portland more than band and I mean I haven't lived in California and so long at this point. But yeah, it's definitely it's it's different here from Ben because in Bend it snows that it's not because I actually remember when I before I transferred out here, I had this saturday class when I was in bed and it was saturday mornings and it was in the winter and I kind of hated it but I had to take it because it was required one and it was it was it was winter, it was snowing and it was like, It was like I think the temperature was -2 or something ridiculous. And I and I checked the weather in class on my laptop because it was all in
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Oregon. There was a thing on the sidebar for Portland and the Portland. It was like, oh the city hits 35°,, everything is shut down. And the only in in bend, the only time that we ever got off of class because of winter weather was when the sidewalks froze over and you couldn't walk on them without falling.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like Ben. I've been there a couple times. Um like shoot Brewery. Uh
SPEAKER_L: And okay. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Good. Uh Good. Stop. Have you ever been there?
SPEAKER_L: To which?
SPEAKER_R: I think it's called the Shoot Marie if I have the name. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah shoot to shoot screw. Eri I I've I've been there.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, They make that special gear, The abyss. Um Which a friend of mine, a friend of mine introduced me to. It's very good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I like Ben but I like I, I would visit bend again, but I probably would not go back to, to live there. I don't think I'm personally quite outdoorsy enough to get the most out of, out of living there. But there are, I think Deschutes county has the most breweries of like any county in America or, or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: The distinction.
SPEAKER_L: I've got a friend, I've got some friends who live out here and they got married a few years ago and uh, the rooms bachelor party was a trip. We went, we went to Bend and we went rafting and toward breweries.
SPEAKER_R: It is.
SPEAKER_L: And uh, it was a fun time, although
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: I'm not
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: a huge, I p a fan and that's a lot of what people seem to be brewing into shoots.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it does seem to be. What did you what did you study in school or are you are you finished?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I, uh, I actually, I, I graduated ps you at the end of 2016 with a criminal justice degree. And
SPEAKER_R: You understand?
SPEAKER_L: uh, I'm, you know, I have an interest in the subject and it was reasonably fun time as college degrees go getting it. But I was not super comfortable with the idea of become of going into law enforcement after the last election. And well, I mean with the events of the last few months, I guess I would write, I wouldn't, I would not want to be on the other side of the, of those protests either.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure it's good to have people that understand criminal justice stuff you know, in like potentially reforming the system.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, like theoretically there should be a whole like area outside of actual police work or for people who know about that stuff. Like there's, there are, there are sit, there are civilian review boards, which is like a concept that exists in at least a couple of places where, you know, you have a board of civilians and when, and they review, you know, complaints against the police and things and say whether there has been misconduct or not. And I think there's a couple of them that exists, like there's one in new york, but it doesn't have a lot of actual power. And there's like a bunch of, I think they put retired cops on it, which kind of defeats the, the purpose. So, I mean, if those, if those existed and worked, how they were described to me while I was getting the degree, then then that would be great. Uh, but yeah, right, right now, I feel like being on one of those would just probably get me, I don't know death threats.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure. Um So do most people that get criminal justice degrees, do they end up going into law enforcement if that is that like usually the career path?
SPEAKER_L: I mean, that's what I was when I was looking for work. Yeah, basically you can do there, there's there's police and the various, you know, like sheriff's departments that are basically police, and then there's all the government law enforcement agencies. Uh and outside of that like there you could I guess there are
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: firms that you know there are companies that police departments tend to contract out to for certain tasks. Uh So I could have I could do something like that, but I mean it's all it's all very police adjacent, which I guess shouldn't surprise me that much. Uh Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: there's all
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean I started I started the degree in like 2012, so you know during during the course of it you had uh oh god, I can Freddie gray was that
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: know the boy was in Baltimore I think and you know the police shot up black kid and we had the first like massive protests and Black Lives Matter and all that, so so that sort of started going on when I was already too far along
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: to to switch off to anything else.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes sense. It's amazing how hard it can be to like change your major in college, which is like you know a lot of times people will apply to something when they're like 17. Um A good friend and I had that experience where you know and she was 17. She had no idea what she wanted to do for her career. And so she applied to like you know the general school of of you know the general college at U. C. L. A. And she got in and she went to U. C. L. A. And like her freshman fall she decided she wanted to be a nurse but she couldn't switch because it's like a different school you know like the nursing school did not admit her. Um So she had to like do like just a you know a degree in a totally unrelated field and then do like a post back after graduation from college to become under thought. It was just like there should be, it should be easier to change your mind in college I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's Yeah, I mean you're especially right out right out of high school. I took a couple runs at college, the first one didn't didn't take I kind of got depressed and uh stop going to my classes, so they they didn't let me stick around after that. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, originally I wanted to do psychology and then I got a couple class, I got a couple of quarters into that and I noticed that the stuff I was learning in one class conflicted with the stuff in the other class, like an intro to psychology, you know, the one on one
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: glass, one of the things we learned was that most of the stuff Freud said has been discredited at this point, and then like the next next round of classes, I had child development and then in child development, we're learning about all of Freud's, you know, seven or however many stages of uh of development and thinking like I thought I just learned that we shouldn't pay attention to this stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's wild how sometimes different, like professors are different fields can be like more or less out of step with like what's most current?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, uh huh And I know, I mean I it's like it's something psychology is interesting, but yeah, I don't know if I if I would have wanted to stick with that for four years.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I took a couple of psychology classes. Um It's definitely like I think good to have like a basic grounding but I agree probably would be a lot of a lot of like theory for a full full four year degree. Uh
SPEAKER_L: mean I I guess I wanted to figure out, you know,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: stuff about myself and I feel like that's probably I bet I bet it wouldn't have worked out how long was imagining? It's like, oh, I understand everything now, now my this is not my life will be will be great because I know this stuff,
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Yeah. Just understanding psychology doesn't necessarily like make it easier to kind of understand your own experience. Um.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it can help, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: isn't going to magically awareness is the first step. And a lot of the time people act
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like it's oh I I understand this now and I'm like now that I know what my problem is that's uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: it's solved. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's definitely a challenge. But I think it's really good. Like one of the things in the pandemic has been um like it's gotten so much easier to access like mental health care because like things can um happen online now, which I think seems like a good thing, wow.
SPEAKER_L: is uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is always is always great. Although there's the whole well there's all this stuff about like zoom anxiety is this as good as face to face, but I mean it's certainly safer. So mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh I had previously worked from home before the pandemic and had a lot of phone calls um and now everyone just wants to do the phone calls via zoom and like this doesn't need to be a like zoom call, like we can just be on the phone. There's there's not there's like not any added value here. It's really it's really interesting like just this sense now that everyone is working from home, like this idea that like all things are video calls.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I I see a psychiatrist actually I've got I've got a D. D. So I need to I need to get it, I need to get my my prescription renewed and talk to a doctor and I used I used to go up to his office every two weeks and see him and now we just do it by phone and he asked if I wanted to do and I was like yeah that seems unnecessary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some people prefer video though. Um It's interesting how different people's preferences are between phone versus video versus texting. Um I think a lot of the like companies that are doing mental health care are trying to offer all of them so that you know, no matter what like no matter what someone's preferences, they can offer it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I've been doing voice calls on Skype or Discord or whatever the app of the moment is with friends for years and we like we never use cameras. Uh a lot of time we're playing games or something, so that would just be distracting. Two. But yeah, it was kind of like it was kind of everything, you know, well, you know, everyone will just communicate online, that'll be fine. And then and then suddenly everyone's using zoom, which, you know, it was, which I had never heard of, and I was like, what's wrong with all the old
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: stuff?
SPEAKER_R: right now. Right. Well I think we are getting it to the 25 minute mark. Do you have that timer window open?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, let me see. I I've got 28 minutes. I opened it a couple of minutes early. But yeah, we're probably right around. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Cool. Yeah, I think we're I think we're good because I opened up the chat like right at um to 2:00, so I think we're good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my my phone says it's 226 so should
SPEAKER_R: well great to chat with you and hope you have a nice rest of the day,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, good talking to you. You too.
SPEAKER_R: take care.