Hello, Can you hear me okay?
No one. Can you hear me okay? Okay, great.
How is your monday going?
Not bad. Have you done one of these um prolific video chats before? Yeah,
Okay. Yeah, this is my 3rd 1. Um It's so interesting. I'd be really curious to see like the results of the research once it's like once they, you know, digested everything and got your comb through like hours of audio.
I'm curious.
I'm curious like what exactly they're they're getting at. I mean, I'm sure they'll do like content analysis, right? Like to see if like certain topics are associated with different things, but have you really curious if they're going to publish, publish it somewhere, you know, just do the analysis internally.
for sure. Yes. I mean, it kind of makes sense that it would be like every researcher is pivoting to covid because, you know, it's like such, such the thing of the moment
for
that would be preferable. Where are you based?
I've
been uh the san Francisco bay area, you're actually the third like of the three of these prolific um like video chats I've done. It's all been with people in Oregon, which I wonder if I'm like being here. I mean I guess it's like pacific time, so we're at the same time, you're my third Oregon person which seems like a weird uh weird.
Uh huh. Yeah. Um I like Oregon. I was actually up there a few weeks ago um in um new port on the coast. If you know that area.
Very cute. Hold
up
like
very
okay. Yeah. I haven't been in like non covid time so it can go to the aquarium because it was, you know, closed, I'm sure.
Yeah. No, it's uh it's tough with a lot of things being closed. I wonder how they're, how they're doing in the, you know, staying alive.
with your like daily life affected by the protests at all, like are you anywhere near the like autonomous zone? Oh
Hi.
yeah.
Yeah. That's unexplainable. I've read a little bit about it that it like seems to be in some ways like not actually great for communities of color that there are like, you know, minority owned black business, black owned businesses that are like really feel alienated by the protests, which is um really not not the goal.
Well,
what?
All
Yeah. It seems like a really tough situation especially for people that like have jobs where they can't socially distance. Um Okay.
No.
Well that wasn't so terrifying. Like when you sign up to be a bird's that you're not signing up to like put your life at risk, it's just like
not.
No.
I read a study today or saw a study on on twitter that said um police masks, like you know, mass that use police as material are actually worse than no mask because they like break down the droplets in a way that makes the virus like easier to transmit. Which was kind of scary. So
or
Yeah, it's like the police material when it was tested um
actually was like works that no math.
All
What?
Yeah. So do you have any tips about the pacific northwest? I'm actually moving up to Washington State in a couple of weeks up in Bellingham. If you know that area.
And where did
you
here?
Yeah, that's my impression. I like I like mist and rain. Like some people really don't like it, but it's definitely on my out. Like where did you move from? Like before you were in Portland?
No.
Yeah, I like Ben. I've been there a couple times. Um like shoot Brewery. Uh
Good. Uh Good. Stop. Have you ever been there?
I think it's called the Shoot Marie if I have the name. Right.
Um Yeah, They make that special gear, The abyss. Um Which a friend of mine, a friend of mine introduced me to. It's very good.
The distinction.
It is.
Come
on.
Yeah, it does seem to be. What did you what did you study in school or are you are you finished?
You understand?
Yeah. I'm sure it's good to have people that understand criminal justice stuff you know, in like potentially reforming the system.
Yeah, I'm sure. Um So do most people that get criminal justice degrees, do they end up going into law enforcement if that is that like usually the career path?
what?
I'm sure
there's all
I think
that.
Or
Yeah, that makes sense. It's amazing how hard it can be to like change your major in college, which is like you know a lot of times people will apply to something when they're like 17. Um A good friend and I had that experience where you know and she was 17. She had no idea what she wanted to do for her career. And so she applied to like you know the general school of of you know the general college at U. C. L. A. And she got in and she went to U. C. L. A. And like her freshman fall she decided she wanted to be a nurse but she couldn't switch because it's like a different school you know like the nursing school did not admit her. Um So she had to like do like just a you know a degree in a totally unrelated field and then do like a post back after graduation from college to become under thought. It was just like there should be, it should be easier to change your mind in college I think.
What?
Yeah. It's wild how sometimes different, like professors are different fields can be like more or less out of step with like what's most current?
Yeah, I took a couple of psychology classes. Um It's definitely like I think good to have like a basic grounding but I agree probably would be a lot of a lot of like theory for a full full four year degree. Uh
No.
that's true. Yeah. Just understanding psychology doesn't necessarily like make it easier to kind of understand your own experience. Um.
I
don't
know.
No.
Uh huh.
Yeah, it's definitely a challenge. But I think it's really good. Like one of the things in the pandemic has been um like it's gotten so much easier to access like mental health care because like things can um happen online now, which I think seems like a good thing, wow.
Yeah.
Yeah. Uh I had previously worked from home before the pandemic and had a lot of phone calls um and now everyone just wants to do the phone calls via zoom and like this doesn't need to be a like zoom call, like we can just be on the phone. There's there's not there's like not any added value here. It's really it's really interesting like just this sense now that everyone is working from home, like this idea that like all things are video calls.
Yeah. Some people prefer video though. Um It's interesting how different people's preferences are between phone versus video versus texting. Um I think a lot of the like companies that are doing mental health care are trying to offer all of them so that you know, no matter what like no matter what someone's preferences, they can offer it.
No
right now. Right. Well I think we are getting it to the 25 minute mark. Do you have that timer window open?
Cool. Yeah, I think we're I think we're good because I opened up the chat like right at um to 2:00, so I think we're good.
well great to chat with you and hope you have a nice rest of the day,
take care.