Mhm. Hello?
Hi
on it
you go. Okay.
Mhm.
Been caught.
I'm a student so yeah we're currently on lockdown from school but prepping for school next to my stairs going online
so
that's me
I'm taking a full time class um Look.
How
about
you?
I'm a neuroscience major. Oh
yeah and neuroscience.
Yeah I just
started so I haven't actually taken any neuroscience like classes but
it's been
interesting.
Oh
um I like biology and I like psychology but I still need it. I like psychology but like
Um No I don't I just know I don't want to do med school but apart from that I don't have any like actual direction. Yeah.
I don't love blood. Are cutting up things like I have managed to last this long without taking anatomy of anything. Um
it touches my soul. I'm just like I can't do it.
But
I guess like when people here take no sense, like naturally they're like so are you planning on doing med school? And then I'm like no, and they're kind of surprised because like I guess it makes sense, but I don't think it's for me.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's like a bunch of like different ways so I have options thankfully, which is really great.
Mm I'm
not super sure, but I think like, yeah, I think it's just like a bachelors in Science or Arts. Not
So
no,
I appreciate
it,
thank you. Like I'll take all the advice I can get.
True that Yeah, that's that's true.
I'll
come out of here like already like full level neuroscience like.
that's true.
No,
no.
Yeah.
Covid
kind
of like came in and like changed everything
Well it was like spring semester and it was like March, so we first of all heard that like we're going to have like an extended break, which was like cool and then we quickly found out that like we're not coming back.
like we
yeah, so like um it's been good, it's been okay. I shouldn't say good, it's been okay. Um but it's been like definitely a learning curve because like I personally know like I don't study well when like I'm like not in school. So
what I could go to the library and like lock myself in there for like a couple of hours and like actually
be productive.
Yeah. So like we were supposed to have in person classes this semester but like California is kind of blowing up with the covid cases like really bad. So they decided to like move completely online.
Oh no they're like at home like I remember my philosophy professor he was just like cat and he's like oh by the way I'm only wearing like a suit on top of like I'm reading like pajama bottoms at the one. Yeah everyone's like scrambling.
Yeah. Um Yeah it's been it's been yeah it's definitely been a learning curve. Um I'm really glad that class is over but it's starting starting up again like next month so I have to get used to it.
No.
What?
Everyone
who puts stocks into zoom or Skype is like really happy right now.
And then the airlines are like, we're dying. Please save us. Mhm
It
was like
zoom.
You
And now I don't hear about Skype like at all, like everybody's forgotten about Skype.
cute. Oh, I'm so sorry. What do you might give me a couple minutes. It's a study. I'll tell you later. Bye. Okay. Sorry. My
sisters.
The joys of Lockdown.
Mhm,
look
back.
That's really good. I'm very happy for you like because I know for a lot of people that's been like the opposite so it's really great that it's worked out well for
you.
All
thankfully like the
stories
like the news and the stories just being corrupt, but I'm very grateful. No, I haven't I
haven't had any personal sick.
I'm so sorry. That's that's really difficult,
you know?
What?
yeah.
Thanks
dr
johnson.
it's true.
It was
so
enormously.
What?
Yeah. It's very confusing and it's it's very scary because it feels like almost everyone is like kind of like like everyone's like done with walk down and people are growing outside and like going to the beach and just partying and I'm over here just like like
I don't want to die.
What?
Yeah, that's true.
What?
Yeah, that's true.
What?
let's say
they say
trump.
Yeah, that's a good plane. Yeah.
so I'm an international student, so like I'm actually
from Nigeria but I am still here because borders are closed so um
so
yeah I'm currently you're still here
Evening.
Yeah I'm not I'm actually
like
a full citizen of Nigeria.
That's
okay now you have
Mhm.
What
my awkward.
Yeah so like Nigeria is we do a lot of oil and so because like airlines aren't going or flying like people don't need as much oil for that like to that hasn't been great but they kind of had to lift the lockdown in Nigeria because people like they need to restart their economy and they need people like to work and so that's what it's been. But school has been closed like my brother is at home and he does boarding school but he's currently like like at home so um it's been is if I've been interesting.
Yeah he does boarding school
but
the
big
everybody's home. Yeah.
it's
Well
I'm just trying to figure out like mhm Just like everything to be honest.
So are you in California as well right now?
I'd like to pride myself on being able to pick up accents but I just I totally missed that way.
Like
these
people want
to
live like
that.
huh. And history? All
And so like I guess what else are you looking for? What's that you're looking forward to the most after lockdown?
Oh that sounds really fine.
Was
that sounds really fun.
Two years
ago.
All right I'm so glad um Thank you so much for being such
a great partner.
so
do we
just like
close it or like
he
different
money?
Yeah it says four minutes
but
it's,
has a blue
button. That's interesting.
Yeah. That's really strange. I don't know why it says so.
Okay. Cool. That sounds really nice. Thank you so much. So we just
closed the top. Right.
All right thank you so