Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. But Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That what? What? Mhm. Oh mm. Oh yeah. Oh all right. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Hello? Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. What? Uh huh. Log onto it with a desktop computer and there's a thing you can click that will check all recent messages I've heard of this problem. Yeah. Hey, Brando man. Okay. To to love me. Thank you. All right. Oh. Oh. Oh my God. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh God. Yeah. Uh huh. But Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. All right.
Hello?
Yeah. All right. I'm
not quite during the sound jet. I've actually done this before. Do you do you have your video enabled for your weapon? Okay.
There you go, awesome. All right. So, okay, cool. The last time I did this I was using a whole different uh internet service and this is coming through good online. You get a decent man with yours. Okay, awesome.
All right. So uh Yeah, so 20 minutes. Uh so
what what what what do you do for a living? What do you do for hobbies?
I mean
you're still
you're still doing this stuff online, right? I mean are you taking like a full time, full time class load online right now?
Really? Okay. I mean that's uh that's I mean so I mean your your day is pretty full. It's not like you that locked down so long. Okay. I
mean
it could
be worse. Well, you know, I haven't uh I have not been in school and like probably about two years. But uh you know after after all of this is done with, I'm thinking I'm probably probably going to try and get re re enrolled, you know? Yeah. I don't think a guy like Maybe maybe like 18 credits, you know, I've gone to like school on and off for a while now like actually. Yeah. Yeah. So like what's your major
what
neuroscience? Oh my gosh, okay. That's awesome.
So
it's
not just
like, like trolls so far. Yeah. So
what made you choose neuroscience? Tell me that.
like to mix. It's like that's a perfect mix in between, you know? That's uh that's uh yeah, that's that's directly in between. That's awesome. I mean um yeah, I've always, you know, I didn't I really felt like I would like I would have been good with like, you know, organic chemistry and things like that. I've never really gotten into biology that much. I figured if I may be like, you know, gave it a chance, it might be something I wanted to pursue. But um I don't know the uh are you trying to do like, I mean, do you have any idea of like what your career goals are with that?
what's wrong with med school? It sounds like someone's pressuring you to go to med school. What's up with that? Yeah.
you really fear that? Huh? Right.
See, I mean, I've had a lot of friends, right? And they've been like first responders or people like that and it's all fun and games until like they they see something that, you know, like it gets to him personally and and I mean, I don't know, I've seen it affect people pretty negatively and like it if that's what it would do to you, then yeah, I would steer steer far away from that. That's not worth the stress. I mean
where people where people are warning you can get a mental instead of this. It's uh
Well uh
I mean uh have you done like all you know the uh what is that? They got the cycle elect? Uh They got That's like 101 or one or whatever. There's what sociology I mean you can I forget what it was whenever I was in school.
so. Yeah. Well if you haven't got your associates you have isn't it? Just a s until you get that and you'll further pursuing gourmet dress. Oh I mean
didn't,
Anyway uh the associates for that I think is the Associates of Applied Sciences. And then once you have then you move on to the bachelors. That's a B. A. As a bachelor of science I think. I mean I'm not sure you're but um that's that that really works out because if you're looking at just like get your feel for whatever you're trying to do with you know these are mean like you'll you'll figure out by the time you get there, what you're like, roll career goal is going to be Ira I think, you know, whenever you take like, a lot of those classes, it really it really helped me. Yeah,
but I'm gonna take any advice for me. I I had in this school while,
so,
you
know,
Yeah, you'll figure it out. I mean, you got all the time in the world with this lockdown, so, if you know,
Yeah, I mean, this is the perfect time to for perfect some form of self mastery. It took
me
Mhm. There you go, that's right. I get you down. I mean, if it's something that you're passionate about, if you know, you're like, read the articles yourself without being told to if it's the type thing you're just like looking at on the internet when you're bored, that's definitely what you should be doing, right? People say, you know, jewish love, you're never going to work today in your life and and uh you know, I think, I think I think it's always going to be work, but it's gonna be like work, you're gonna want to keep on doing. Yeah,
some get joe like actually wake up every day and look forward, do your job. So yeah, I I'm trying to do something with coding. I kind of got off course. I tried to go into the whole political sciences thing. I realized
too late that that wasn't anyplace I wanted to be. So
yeah, I'm on the other end of this like okay, well, you know, what do I do know? Got about like 18 like electoral. Uh I mean like I got about 18. I mean about 12. God, I gotta it's it's been it's been like a year and a half I think. Yeah,
I was I was going to get her enrolled with this whole thing, right? And
I
mean
did you really have a lot of any of like all your first year stuff done whenever the coronavirus thing happened? Yeah.
so hello
again, since you have been to an actual class in person?
Oh yeah, you helped to a curriculum? Yeah,
I have
a heart, yeah, I can't get the initiative to just get up and do it myself, but if I'm listening to someone else, like you know, here's an accepted this, then you know, I can I can stick to uh yeah curriculum really easily, but it yeah, so they have no real time timeframe in mind Jeb for the actual like in person classes get started up?
tell me this, have your heavier instructors been doing the zoom things where you know, they they're they're set up in their homes or their actually like set up in front of a blackboard.
think well you know when you're watching a youtube tutorial and it's done in more of like a professional, you know, academic setting where it's easy to like see yourself in the classroom. I can I can see that as being a lot easier to work within, you know, to seeing professor in their in their in their damn bedroom, you know, it's mm
See it's kind of neat uh I guess the day job, I do a lot of like computer repair, computer, you know, just like phone repair and because of covid a lot of people, a lot of parents who would never, you know, fully like accepted like, you know, new technologies, like uh broadband, internet, cell phone, things like that and until they had to for their kids. No, for the whole um Yeah like capital, like every every family has to have internet access in some form
now. So they're really thoroughly jump started the
nation's tech industry. I mean they're going pretty good right now. All things were compared to everyone else speeches, the covid thing,
so.
yeah. Who could have seen that one coming?
and here's the thing, it was always Skype up until Covid then all
of a sudden
it
real I had never I don't think I had heard that word until after the code of things started. I didn't
ever use them and it's always been skied. So that yeah, that surprised.
Yeah. I don't know uh Microsoft has this thing hold that teams and it's you know, kind of more, have you, have you ever seen someone used Microsoft teams? Yeah, it's kind of the more professional,
no,
I have people banging on my door earlier, it's
All right. No, no, I uh I really
hate to say about productivity wise, it's done a lot more busy than harm for me going, going into work and doing all that kind of stuff. I've got like a home office in here and
doing
that kind of thing, I've probably doubled my productivity.
I
mean for all,
do you have anyone close to you, you know, who is like, God, covid or anything like that?
Thank
you.
You know?
And I've uh you know, I actually had an I hate even saying this because it's actually statistically unlikely for one person have had like two family members passed from actually had an aunt and an uncle who were in ST. County passed by with like, uh, probably 10 days of each other. I mean, and ST louis that wasn't really that artery hit area Chicago and all that. It was not that bad, but like, yeah, I mean, it's
You know,
it, they were right
there in the, what is it, what do they call the more susceptible a troop? You know, there are over 65. 1 was a longtime smoker who is diabetic. The other one had just gone through some sort of cancer therapy for their blood. So, yeah, I mean, um,
you know, this whole coronavirus thing, it's weird and Tracy because they, It's
not, not
deadly
for like 99% of people except for the small person or two people. It's extremely deadly for, I mean,
it, so far,
it's
like
running a huge risk to this country. It doesn't run a huge risk for it, but it's horrific enough in and of itself. You know, we, we right now everyone trying to say, oh, you know, restart the economy. It's at, at the expense of the people who are going to suffer from this, but it's hard to find a balance. You know, I think it's weird kids are going back
to school, they can open the schools right now that they can't open the burger king, uh, dr, uh, lobby. You know, you have to go through the drive through them. How can we have kids in school but not have fast food?
You
have, well, you know, the odds are less than
one person, You would even be hospitalist.
The things that scary to me is, you know, even though the odds are best, I would come out and be just fine. I mean a lot
of people are honest to God asymptomatic, they haven't, they never even know it.
but what scares me is, you know, I could get to being asymptomatic and bring into my parents, you know someone who's older and like it cause problems with, I mean that's that's that's the whole thing that your everyone being so upset about the masks, they say all the masks don't prevent it, but they on the on the fourth side that prevent you from spreading, it's all, it's all about like I guess having a decent measure of social responsibility,
they say, did they say
they say
if you you can tell a lot about a person and how they're not in society by if they return
the shopping cart into the shopping merge stall parking, it's not something that takes a whole lot to go under your way to do. You know like uh to to do it. You almost have to be considered as a person. Now. The same people are turning up in parts are the ones who won't wear the masks and stuff. So I mean I think if we all did our part a little bit more, it wouldn't be spreading so fast.
Yeah. So so tell me something else about yourself. I don't know. You pick
rule.
so
you're
yeah so you're international, You're not dual citizenship?
You're actually born.
What
is it?
That is awesome. Okay. Uh So so so tell me um Well I I don't think I've ever met anyone. Uh Yeah that's
that's all I need,
Yeah like he's in. No uh
So I don't know what's what I've actually got a couple of my people who are involved with business stuff overseas right? With 19 point. It's your economy
doing. I mean, how's it doing right now? I keep hearing like more
and more news coming out of there and it's all like pretty economically positive.
Did you see this boarding school and he's at home?
But so
but they've
even
got the boarding school kids are problem.
Okay. I know. I can I can definitely feel for you. I am sorry that you've been so isolated. Like,
you know. Well,
I'm telling you after the kids go back to school, it's going to be it's a that's gonna that's probably going to get everyone else to say we should start easing restrictions everywhere else. I mean, just tough it out a little bit longer. It's it's not going to be forever. Well,
well, you sound pretty smart. We still got a couple of minutes left to kill. Tell me any anything you want to know about me. I'm sorry, I've got this pretty much uh
I don't know exactly how I'll think my accidents, but I'm in the story about places I am right outside the ST louis
Missouri. It's not quite if you go south of here, like down towards they call the boot hill, then people have a pretty pronounced, you know, they'll say oh young's want anything with that. I used to could have done that, you know. But the closer you get to say it was more just, I guess it's just midwestern in general more than someone. And you know, you'll you'll hear people talk like this
in
Portland,
in places
like
Portland
and uh where else is a northern California? Some I've heard they're kind of sound like this but
so someone, someone from, someone from philadelphia Kansas city, uh south of Chicago or here kind of all sound like this. Yeah.
I am looking forward to going to uh going out to concerts probably.
Yeah. And I was really looking forward to Big Bear this year. We're going to have to cancel this. I mean Yeah, it's kind of a vote were always like those, but we probably just concerts and you know, like bars,
nightclubs all back. That's uh definitely
Right here, 1 2nd here.
So
check it out. It looks like we have Talk for a whole 25 minutes. You're all and uh
No,
no, thank you. Thank you know this is not all right. Do
you
have
one?
Do you have the browser window open in another window here
for? That's
got the timer
coming down on it,
On yours. It says four minutes. Do you do you
have
the blue? That's
where it
But it only, it says 20, it only says four minutes on your end.
Okay. Well, here's the, here's the cool thing. These people, I guess they go through these pretty quickly because last time I did this irish remembers pretty quickly and I think they pay close enough attention to who is actually talking. But do you know where you go to send a message to the request or on prolific? You know, whenever you get done with this, I would just message them and say, you know, hey, I just wanted to make sure that you got this admission from my end. If they give you a completion code or anything, save it a message of that because they'll be able to look at this video and help you know, that you are actually on your, these people are pretty cool. So
All
Yeah. Yeah. You just uh like I'm looking at this year yet says, yeah, If you just close it out, it says, uh one second. Do not move on to the next page until Okay for at least 20 minutes. Yeah. Yeah, you're good. All right.