Hi,
Hi, how are you brian? I'm spumoni.
My name is Simoni testimony.
Yeah. It's a little unique how it swings.
It helped me going over there.
Oh really? Okay. How's it been in general for you? All weather wise? Has it been raining a lot or has it been,
you know?
You
have
Alison,
that's
it.
that is interesting. I'm, it sounds like that doesn't happen often there in michigan. Um
yeah.
because then your places, I don't know if you've been, but if you might not already know this, but like Hawaii and Alaska, that's kind of like the norm and you know, I've been to places and I found it kind of cool um and that happened here more recently. Um so you know, I'm kind of a strong believer in like what they call all weather, I guess. Like my daughter started out at an all weather school and has been in all weather school and so the other day, you know with everything happening, the pandemic, it's been especially important for me to keep her myself active and healthy and it was raining one day, but I was like, you know what I mean, we have cabin fever, I'm like we need to get out. So I had her and I was like, wait this is a positive thing because she can also learn how to use an umbrella, she's eight years old. So we actually ran around a little bit and then it started thundering and I said let's go inside, but I was like, you know when it clears up again, so it did interesting, quite sunny. So for us is the same as rain and then get sonny
Oh my goodness. Well you're lucky, I'm really happy that your and your family's ok.
look good. I would have never guessed, wow, that's amazing.
yeah, that's true.
What?
Oh you guys,
that's that's not a bad thing that have no gas.
mine are interestingly,
I guess it happens around this age,
it's my understanding, it's like, you know, kind of like when people kind of hit their middle ages I think especially i in my observation and if you agree with this, but the stresses of work and maybe other, I guess people compare burden right now challenging. I feel like you can kind of start to see the way right until the end.
wow, congrats to her. But
I mean it's a, you know, it's kind of like a time where I guess we all have to make personal sacrifices to help her. So speaking of you know the rain and all that. So interestingly we had them stolen more recently and my neighbor their tree one of the branches just fell right across their yard and all across so we want to call the Saxo went always kind of into the street and at the time I saw the car had been already moved so I thought the branches just missed their cars. They used to park it right there but they didn't get lucky because they only hit the bumper but nobody was hurt and I came to learn that they thought that he was not old but when the r I guess it's called Arborist look at the tree actually you know looked inside the Korea was an old tree. They had to get rid of the whole thing and they were very sad because they gave stayed. Yeah.
especially nowadays you know with all that's going on like we could use trees. Yeah.
Yeah there's a lot there's a lot of construction but I'm in the D. C. Metro area and there's a lot of construction basically um you know just in our area so we luckily live in a place where there's a lot of trees and my daughter complains about a little bit because she says it feels like she was out in the woods and then all these different animals come. But you know I think it's a cool thing.
see some less. They're everywhere. So how are you all holding up? It's like you know the pandemic and
everything like how is your family doing? Because it's you know
it's kind of crazy.
Was she a teacher?
Do
you
did you hear about what happened in florida with the teachers? You know writing and saying that you know, it's going to be um impossible to actually stay six ft apart and that social distancing. Yeah. So so I early on decided that
I
so keep me posted. What's the update? Like what I don't even know
but
what?
Let's
take
this
bill.
I don't understand most. Not just him, I feel like, I don't know if you agree with me, it's even like upper levels of girls,
I don't
know,
it's just I was shared with my mom, I said to her because she's elderly and I was like this is out of control and so you have to understand where I come from. Is that one? People are asymptomatic. So even if people look perfectly healthy, you don't know whether or not they have it, then you've got a situation where a lot of people aren't getting tested or pygmy are afraid to get tested. Then you have a healthcare system that you can't necessarily rely on. You don't know what's going on
and we don't mean and it's a new a new thing we don't even know what this thing can do, you know
one.
okay. Now you
think
thanks for the clarity.
tonight.
listen
to prove
it. Yeah.
yeah. See my thing is that I was a proponent for online learning even when the principal got in touch with me and she said hey you can choose between you know in person part time or online and I understood that most parents were probably you know more than not majority we're gonna be on you know going in person was gonna be more popular but I was like you know I'm doing online and then they changed it, they changed it to online only and I'm very happy to hear that because you know I hear around the U. S.
Schools opening having problems according down or quarantining people and also in France I spoken to my cousin my mom's side of families in France. They you know they kind of crossed this earlier than we did and they were sharing fishing with me how they opened their schools and had to close them back down. Um So
I'm
more
great.
Oh no I've done three D. Printing myself so I completely understand but you are probably aware what happened at you and see each travel. I
mean like it's college, we want to have fun. I mean you can't blame them either.
Oh that's cool,
you're more knowledgeable than me so you update me.
It was awesome.
that's super
why the change by the way?
I don't
know.
I mean pretty much math and science isn't it? Engineering
and
on the culture over
soon.
I think so, I think you stand a definitely better chance of being successful um and it's meaningful. Um But you know, I guess you could do some possibly if she hasn't already some soul searching. It sounds like that could be kind of fun
at this time. I mean you definitely have I guess like you know a situation where it could lend itself to that I suppose.
it's a crazy time.
Oh, interesting. Yeah, so I'm only to pull my daughter out of her private school to go to public school just because I know that the post school has less to be able to have mobility to put them back in school, but her private school smaller and they're also outdoors and they and their itching to get the kids back, you know? And so I'm like you know for me personally just because she sees her grandparents, it's often if he does I just I'm going to do everything in my power. But I mean you work with I mean life goes
on though, you can't stop. Mhm.
Yeah. Wait so they didn't continue with remote learning in the spring?
Well
boy I'm really naive. I don't know why I assume that these resources aren't available to our
kids.
But how does that what is the connection with that and funding or like how it's run so that resources are you know, either acceptable
or
limp.
But wouldn't that be a good thing?
Oh dude. Okay. So you're saying your place is different than I guess that other place Dearborn because of that and because I'm guessing because I learned I know
I'm so naive. I just learned recently because actually before you you and me, I had a chat with the teacher and she taught me what a title one school is, I didn't even know what a title one school was and she had to enlighten me and I was like oh my gosh and I don't know, I never occurred to me because she was telling me what they were doing with the two laptops and stuff and I was like, it just never occurred to me that stuff happens, you know, I'm so grateful that we get a laptop and I feel like my daughter, I mean that's amazing, you know? And so you want to take
good
They're into that, that's cool,
it's cheaper and you get better
calls and stuff
one,
it's so
slow.
Uh there, that's amazing. They can do
that.
I
want to try to do that and I and I and the future I have my sights set on. Maybe actually now that you share with them, glad we're talking and chatting about this, because now it's reminding me to do it someday, so I'm interested in that stuff.
well, thanks for the heads up. Yeah, I'll take any input, any added value info, I'll take it. Um that's that's
probably a different future, but yeah, I forgot that building your own computer is a money saver and you can build a better quality computer, like probably a lot of gamers probably do it, you know? Because
for that
how I
guess
I like celebrities
that there's no better, I think. I think motivation, but that's pure passion, I'm sure.
There is,
Yeah, that's cool.
But
your other some also into gaming?
Okay. That's good. Well, how old, how old are they? I I'm
getting
Well, for work. For what though?
Oh, I didn't realize that.
All
Both
Well,
Got you.
that the 25 that mark?
Well,
you can finish what you were sharing. I don't want that interrupted and then after that if you want, we could yeah, sign off for I'm flexible too.
I've heard that in commercials.
Yeah. I mean I I experience
the same,
wow. What comparison losing it? I'm
and it's all
different
or it's a pretty strong drug is my understanding. You mentioned morphine. So that stands out to my, to me.
ship.
What
one
do you
do? Any time for therapy?
Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of it's mental,
emotional. So I've been, you know, trying my best just to whatever it is is uh actually I teach my daughter that I believe in life the most important is your social, emotional health. Um and then with
your happy, you know, you're able to do amazing things. So you know, I started meditating and so that saved me in many ways. And so I kind of need to do it. So every day or multiple times a week, almost everyday I meditate. But because I'm a very kind of hyperactive kind of person, I they're on Medicaid and there's a walking dedication. What I'd do if I walk every day, if you haven't tried that already, maybe check that out.
Oh yeah. Just real quickly
trigger out things up because I don't want to hold you back from your walk either. I know it's probably is um, no, I just started meditating and it immensely helped me and um, you know, I walking, so if you haven't already, I'll pass that on. Oh, I know the technology
is fun
more.
that's pretty much what
with me. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I'll let you, you know movie, go for your walk because I know
how important that is
and it's really great meeting and sharing today and you know, good luck
with everything.
totally.
Yeah, thanks so much for passing it on and you know,
I'm talking with you on that.