Hello.
Mhm. My name is brian.
You what?
Simoni.
I'm 59 years old. I'm in Melvin del Michigan. This is my one bedroom apartment.
Um Well right now it's think there's another break in the rains rained a lot last night.
just
last night. I mean there was there was one little burst of rain yesterday which was really weird. I went to my chiropractor's office, it was sunny out and then I was waiting for her to come in. It's like that sounds like green on the roof. You rain on the roof, It was sunny out, you
know,
maybe it's airmanship. Then afterwards I go outside, everything is what it
was routine
and
it was funny again. It was so weird.
No. Uh
what I had read actually it happens more than here than it happens other places. Um I had read that supposed to it rain all through the weekend on and off students.
Yeah. You want to be aware of when it's thundering because lightning can be really dangerous. I've had it impact really close to me twice in my life. Uh One time I was inside the house but it hit the tree just a few feet away outside the house and uh that trees born scars of it ever since, but another time I was helping my kids with the paper route and uh the door, the van was open tree right across the street got hit.
mm Yeah, that's, that was kind of scary, you know, The pits were young, you know, I mean my youngest is 18 now. All the
Like I said, I'm 59, I'm
I'm lucky to have uh young looking jeans and the kids, kids are going to do the
same because their mom doesn't look her age either.
It's
not bad. I
know we might see people I haven't seen for a while and they're starting to look old and stuff. Why
problem?
Yeah. My siblings, we've started a weekly meeting thing and early on uh my sister wasn't going to get her hair colored and so her gray was coming out and it's like almost like great. Yeah, but older sisters, I am 59, so she's 61, she's gonna turn 62 next month,
come on.
right. I think it's awful anytime uh we lose the tree, you know, remember remember seeing one that was knocked over and wind and I thought, you know, if that was mine, I would try to stand that up and you know, get it to reroute, but they, you know, cut it up.
absolutely.
Yeah, I like it when they are animals. You know, remember when we moved houses and we only moved a mile. I had never seen a chipmunk anywhere near um my house where I grew up and then a mile away there's chipmunks all the time. Yes.
it
well
my ex my ex wife is working um for a while, they had her working from home and she's afraid that when the school year starts she's going to end up in classrooms and I I told that she needs to make it clear that she's diabetic and they should make every they should work really hard to try and keep her out of any classrooms.
No, no, she she runs she is the director of the before and after school program and normally during the summer that's a an all day program. But they didn't run it this summer.
But
they are learning the before and after school programs.
Did you
hear what the Missouri governor said?
It was Uri governor said this a couple weeks ago that the Children need to go to school so they can get the virus
and
then they'll and then the afterwards they'll they'll be uh you know they won't be able to get it again. Which
which
is
not
true. But I mean I say it's crazy. It's crazy. The governor wants people to die.
I've
heard
people saying that that people need to get, they can get over it. Um And I have one of my siblings subscribes to all the craziness and she said That supposedly only 20% of people can get it. I don't know where she got that information. I said, well you realize that's still a billion and a half people worldwide and with a 5% death rate, you're talking hundreds of millions of deaths.
I
I am really lucky that I'm in michigan.
The governor took decisive action, you know, which of course pissed off. Donald trump you referred to as that woman. You probably heard that back in the spring.
He
was he was referring to Gretchen Whitmer, my governor,
which she closed down businesses. We were number three in the nation for infections early on because well I live in metro Detroit. The audience here is here in the auto industry is international. So international
travel. So it struck hard here early but you know, they took control of things and now number of People who have gotten sick. It's I think we're number 18 In the nation now where we were # three. So
that's a huge
improvement.
And while we're getting like 800 new infections today Still that's it's only like three or 4% of people tested are testing positive and they're they're above the threshold that they need to text to keep control of it so they're doing well even if the numbers sound scary you know?
How?
Well
I have
two kids in University of michigan the very first week of March they decided they were going to um So the very first friday was her last their last days attending classes and everything else was online now my daughter thought she was going to have to go and do labs but they shared them software under computer laptop so that they could do all the lab work from home. So.
Yeah. Well it's different though. I mean earlier in the year She had they were three D. Printing stuff for their lab for her engineering class you know so it's not the same as the hands on that you get in the lab.
well
In her engineering class the assignment was to design a wheel for the the rover that's now on its way to mars
yeah I forgot the name with curious curiosity was the That the new one was at the old one.
and it was kind of cool it's kind of
because her printer stopped and so I took her in in the evening um and talk to the guy in Churchill lab and uh you know it just it jammed but they had to restart but I got to see you know what they were designing and stuff
that kind of car. I'm really glad she she was going that way but now she's saying that she doesn't want to be an engineer. Uh huh. So she hasn't decided exactly what she's gonna do.
Um I think I think she's a little daunted by all the math, she wasn't having it in high school. Um So she's kind of behind on the math and so she would have she would have to be five year students. Um Maybe longer A lot of people do an engineering degree in five years being prepared for it. And she's taking she was taking the pre um um Sure I'm sorry I may have a memory problem that his words that I should be able to say but there's calculus that's
what I'm
trying to, calculus. She's taking pre she was taking pre calculus in the spring and I was an engineering student at one time. I did not get an engineering degree but you have calculus every semester every year you have physics every semester every year at least in mechanical engineering. We did mm
it's a
lot of math and science.
I
love the hands on stuff. I mean working as an engineer even if I didn't have the degree because I had a technical degree and I had a lot of hands on experience. I worked during college, I worked as an auto mechanic to work my way through college. And uh in between other jobs I'd go back to being an auto mechanic. So I had a lot of hands on experience which after me in that field that was the part I liked the best anyways um then you know finding a solution to a problem and seeing it actually being enacted. Oh yeah see improvements products. Um you know and I was happy for you to do that but if that's not what you want to do, I mean you need to do something that makes you happy
what
and well, and she doesn't even know what her classes are going to be doing. Um They're still planning even though classes are going to be starting next week.
Yeah, but there's supposed to be some mix of um remote learning and in person learning.
Well
and and everyone growing up with this is gonna be weird because the local school district that my ex wife works said they cut the year short um they ended before april was over and it's like that's it, they're getting credit for that year, but obviously they didn't learn everything they were supposed to learn, so that's gonna be hard to catch up and now they had so many people retiring people retiring early because they don't want to come back to the classroom, you know?
they, that's the problem with the district, if, if not everyone is wealthy enough to have a computer at home and
you can't try and do that. And uh, there's some court or some poor sections in um Dearborn, um, I mean, most of it is pretty middle class, but there's some underprivileged sections two, and there's a lot uh families that there's a lot of people living in the house, they have multiple generations, um, because, you know, some of those generations for immigrants. Um,
well,
Deborah Michigan has has the second largest Um, Arab American population in the United States. Um, at one point, they actually had the largest, and then New York became the largest. Um, so they had a lot of immigration in the 60s and 70s, um, right up through the 80s and 90s, but not as much. Um, like when Lebanon allowed people to leave a lot of Lebanese came, you know, I I don't know about, you know, about the history of that, but, uh, United States actually had, like barracks in Lebanon Marine Corps and it was bombed. Um, that was in the 1980s. Um Anyways, they had they had a big civil war. I mean, it's over now, but it went on for a really long time. And here in no, that's where I live. I mean, the this used to be a polish enclave. And now it's got probably just as many Syrians and its poles. Um, because this city said, yeah, we'll take we'll take, uh, you know, refugees, immigrants. You know, it's one of the, one of the cities that said that. And so before trump closed down that we were getting a lot.
I
got
I got some additional money from the federal government.
That is a good thing. That's why they did it.
Mostly immigration to Dearborn was back before the federal government cared about that. You know I mean what happened later I think. But.
like
I had to buy a laptop for my son. Um He had spent his money on a big desktop computer, but then he started school and he's got to take a laptop to class. So we got him a cheap laptop because he had the really nice desktop computer that he could come home to. And um we bought something that they could dock with. Both my sons built their own desktop computers. They
well I thought it was really weird but then I looked at what they spent versus
it's
so much cheaper.
Even even even
when pants
had a big chip burn out after two years even replacing that, it was still so much cheaper.
Or
the
computer.
well the biggest thing is to be really careful about the parts that have to attach to the sink sink, they have a special uh grease that can conduct and there's gonna be no air bubbles in that but otherwise parts just overheat.
it's
Well
that my oldest is
built
for gaming
in fact uh
I asked him what he wanted for christmas and he and we bought him a mechanical keyboard if I'd actually talk with him on the phone and he's online, I hear that keyboard because it goes tick tick tick tick
everything he touches,
but
but that he could actually replace like a single key if he has a key fell where you know this kind of keyboard, you know it failed to replace the whole thing picture.
Um Not as much. I mean he's been uh more focused on his studies.
Well
all this is 28. Um And actually they all had part time jobs. Same place I did. Um And uh they all went on leave in late March.
Um because their mother's diabetic, they didn't want to chance bringing home um her. Because if you read about the statistics um She's like 40 times more likely than the regular person to get it.
It's And if she gets it like 30 times more likely to have permanent damage or die. I have hypertension, high blood pressure. That makes me much more likely to get it. Now. It's diabetes, diabetes is Like 3rd on the list of those conditions.
I mean if you have lung condition Like emphysema your number one if a heart condition you're number two, um diabetes number three. And then
uh other things like hypertension and at the very bottom of this is if if you have cancer or you head cancer in the past and survived it, You're still like 10 times more likely than the average person get over. Which all that explains why senior citizens are
so hard hit. You know they talk about people 70 being you know, only so much of the population but they got so many of the infections and they got so many of the deaths. Okay people are well because all if you live long enough you're almost guaranteed to end up with hypertension because your arteries harden, your arteries will harden and so you'll have a high blood pressure issue just because they don't have the flexibility they should have. So virtually everyone eventually gets hypertension. Some people not until they're 90 or 100. I got it when I was in my um, fifties. So anyways, um, in other conditions, you know, you tend to get more chronic conditions as you get older because I I have a number of chronic conditions myself. I'm just able, technically, which is why I don't work as an engineer. Last time I worked Full time as an engineer was 2003
And uh, let me see, I started getting social security in 2008. Um, but my condition got a little better and when my son's school was telling his mother that she needed to take along to help him, I said, I don't get a part time job and you just yeah, don't borrow any extra money. So, you know, I'm still working part time. Um kids aren't needing the money for school as much, but 25
minutes we can keep talking as long as we want. So yeah, it's kind of up to you because I'm fine with going on longer I'm
enjoying.
Anyways my primary condition is called fibromyalgia.
Well it's more more common with women but it's a chronic pain condition. So uh I actually got pretty heavy because for a while because I was eating chocolate because for that little tiny endorphin rush that you get from chocolate,
It
was a little relief. Yeah. But I had gotten really heavy. I was I was about £75 heavier than I am now.
Well
I had
to do with that. Had to do with the doctor finally putting me on extended release morphine in 2013. You know, they try and avoid it because it's the latch, it's the last ditch. You know, they end
well. Like like I had had my last few dr appointments were um virtual, but I had to go in last month because they have to do is your example ever so often because they're afraid that if you're taking that you're going to become addicted and start fighting. Finding
additional drugs elsewhere. Yeah. I don't know if I just don't have the addictive type or if I feel like it's just enough to control the pain and it's not perfectly controlled either, you know, pain free but I'm not all crumpled up where I can't hardly move. I mean I
moved in this apartment, I was using a cane to get around. I
was so glad. Um
Anyway,
yeah I have. In the past, I mean I'm like right now the sun's out so I'm probably gonna go out and go for a while. I need to eyes and I've been trying really hard to do that because being mostly isolated. Really hard to motivate myself to do that.
What?
Great.
I'm sorry. I didn't catch all that because it started doing a weird um thing with your sound
but
Well
I I used to do long walks when I was a kid and you know, for me that was very meditative. I'd like
try to go for a walk in the woods or something like that, you know? And that was to me that was very relaxing, you
know?
All
It
No.
Okay. One last thing I want to share happiness should be the goal in life because
everything else really doesn't care if you're there or not. But happiness is what managed to you and managed to your family would ask the people around you.
Thanks,
bye. Hey sweetheart. Deal