I'm nick.
Nice to meet you to,
we haven't,
it's
only seven where I'm on the west coast.
I have been there once for a wedding at a beer garden. I
was told it was the most Wisconsin thing I could possibly do.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean
there was
cheese.
There was there was food,
cat. Oh never
very.
don't know
Meadow was in the name I think.
I don't know.
Flowers from an airport. I didn't pay attention.
Yeah. I mean it was a couple of hours outside of Milwaukee but it had a different name. Uh huh.
What do you want to teach
them?
Mhm
Oregon.
What do you teach?
I don't know.
I am in well in high school and college and a little bit after I did summer school um language Arts and then I taught violin for many years.
I almost for music education, but then I realized how many classes I would have to take each semester and no on
top of practicing, it's like I'll just stick with being in the orchestra and then go do something else. Oh
fine.
If
I knew that cello existed when I got to pick an instrument in fourth grade, I probably would have picked that, but I had no idea there was anything other than violin.
Yeah, I mean it was my grandparents actually that got me into music. I have one grandpa who he when he was younger, he was in a country western band. Um It was really excited when I showed any interest in music and then my other grandparents um
had an antique store but they would go to auctions and all sorts of estate sales and things out in the rural towns outside of where I grew up in Eastern Washington state. Um And so they told me they would buy me an instrument if I picked one because they saw them all the time at auctions. Um but I was like, well I guess I'm playing violin because it's orchestra and orchestra is just violins, you know, nine year old, me having all the answers
it is
after
we get past like the third year,
I think it's the latter. Mhm.
Yeah.
I
don't remember
straight, yeah, but
That would be terrible. Although I did um get one of my nieces when my sister had her first kid, oh when she turned to I got her a drum for christmas, Mhm.
Hey, it's different,
it's been long enough. Oh.
Yeah, her school had a lot of state funding. Um my school, we were like the guinea pig school because it was the lowest income in the school district, so we got all of the grants and all of the funds, which meant we had really cool technology and a really fantastic insert like musical program. Um I think in my high school, my third year in high school, close to a little over 80% of the student body was in either a music or theater or some sort of program like that because there was just so much funding and so much of it, which was really cool. Um I mean, I thought it was cool then, but looking back, she was like, oh, they were just throwing money at the poor kids. that's fine. Thank
you. Bill Gates, lots of Gates foundation because I remember having to fill out all sorts of surveys and my parents had to fill out surveys, like we were the the school district that tested out any new experimental curriculum that before it went statewide or national. Um We were one of the pilot program schools, which means we did a lot of weird stuff like every grade. That's fun. I still don't know my state capitals or the president's, but that's fine.
I'm not going on jeopardy.
Mhm.
I've
been off of work since March um with Covid uh
and I mean, which is why I'm doing things like this. Um but I've been doing coding classes, which has been fun and I wish I would have gotten into it a lot earlier,
but the nine year old um my partner has a nine year old, so step kiddo um is super into coding and making video games on scratch and a couple other websites and so we've been doing challenges because I am now the stay at home parent, so
um that's their elective, so I've gotten to do a lot of it with them and it turns out I'm not terrible at it, so I've been um considering it as a backup because
there's so much opportunity, like I was like even with everything kind of shut down, it's still, there's so many jobs open, it's like that's a good direction to head.
So much money.
like if you can prove you can do it because you don't even need like college or any sort of certification, you just have to prove that you can do it. Um So I mean I I'm not aiming that high quite yet, I'm probably gonna go somewhere like information or data analysis kind of stuff, but something I can do from home, I have really intense asthma, so I've really been in lockdown because our numbers haven't been super stable here
because they keep opening things up too early. Um But so I because I worked at a like a retail nursery and doing garden education, like leading classes and things, so I just can't be around a bunch of strangers for who will tell long so might as well find a way to make money with the computer.
Yeah.
And even more now that everybody's working from home.
You
never
told
me.
You got
it.
Are are you all in person
correct?
But
that actually,
Hm.
That
is true.
Yeah.
I have. This is number three, well number three that the other person showed up, I've had a couple of no shows. Uh But it's it's been better than I expected, I was anxious, I'm definitely an introvert, I'd rather stay at home, read a book, play, a video game cook, sit on the couch with my cat, literally anything, then
interact with strangers most of the time. But I think it's just a perfect storm of I've been home now, I think I looked it up earlier 219 days, like I leave once a week to get to the farmers market to pick up my veggies and that's
about it. Um So having a half an hour conversation with strangers on the internet is appealing and
I get paid. That's nice.
No.
Yeah.
it's
been interesting.
the normal has shifted. Mhm.
Well, I
think
you got
it.
Come
on.
we have Oregon country fair. Which
what you think it would be for being the northwest, like bunch of hippies doing drugs in the woods, listening to music, doing art.
See, and even that like I don't go to big crowded things very often because I have crap immune system and crowds, not my thing. Um But now I want to because I can't, I went I broke down and I went and got a haircut last week um because just the home haircuts were getting worse and worse. Um and a friend works at a local swan and they're really safe. Um But like the first person that I've interacted with in close quarters or had physical contact with in, you know, since mid March other than my family that I love this, I having conversation was difficult. Like I couldn't, I couldn't people very well.
that's right.
no. Uh huh.
Good.
No.
Finally.
You
didn't
know
because
everybody wants random people's commentary. Yeah.
So
hard.
You know
this?
No
and it's small.
That's
Did
you get
little
bit
every
year?
What?
Yeah.
everywhere.
Her
are yours
limiting occupancy there
some.
Time.
Yeah. I've done more online in the last however and like I don't usually uh but like we we got approved for when I lost my job like that in between getting laid off and getting approved for unemployment because it was
just
a nightmare here. Like some people just got approved like last week. Um But I got um snap food stamps. Um and we use it to buy a C. S. A. Share so a box of veggies every week from a local farmer. Um So that's how we've been getting most of our food. We have a meat and veggie C. S. A. So we go to the outdoor farmer's market and pick things up. Um To limit the indoor shopping which has been great. And cat yeah. Second cats trying to crawl onto my lap but he's too big. Um But for the other stores that we've got, I mean I don't go, my partner goes. Um But the stores around us have been really good at limiting occupancy. Like we'll wait in line. Um I do go and pick up the pet food because
I'm
the only one that knows what the cats eat. Um But I'll wait in line because only five people are allowed in the store at the time because
it's a small store. And so sometimes I'll stand there you know six ft apart on my little dot on the sidewalk and wait for up to an hour to get in to buy a bag of cat food,
which is a pain. But in between I see workers just frantically like disinfecting everything wherever somebody touched things, which is great.
You
know?
Get up.
You
know.
yeah.
No.
No.
Our problem here is that um churches keep meeting despite like I forget, I don't know if it's 25 or 50 people like cap, there's a cap where smaller groups can meet, but like these big mega churches out in the rural areas keep meeting and then they'll be like a super spreader event and then our numbers will skyrocket again. So
we got downgraded in like whatever the phase for reopening um
bars can still have patio seating even though some are still sitting inside. Um We went for a walk and walk by one of the local bars and there's a bunch of people just sitting in chairs inside, which is not supposed to happen, but mhm.
it's
yeah, in the freezer
aisle
we need to
carry.
It really
is becoming.
I
don't know what either of those are, so Uh huh.
To
make,
Mhm.
I'm with the Snyder fan. I don't like the taste of hops. Mhm.
muslim fighters here. No, suicider comes from here
again.
Mhm Yeah, around there.
It's my favorite. They have a black current apple cider. Um That's so good. It's only seasonal though because currents aren't very commercially available. Black.
You
hear
that? You want?
Hi
fun.
Look.
we pick up sushi once a month from our favorite sushi place and that's about it. But
so good.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good
luck in school year.
You too