Okay. Here we go. Okay, possible. Uh huh. Mark. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Well Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, sure. Nothing. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah, Nothing. Come on forward. Mhm. Right, nothing. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. I feel, yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Yeah. What happened? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, showing Illinois who's boss, yep. 28 7, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where's my nasal spray? Hello, wow, my person,
nice to meet you nick.
Uh boy, it's
nine o'clock by me, so this is a
pretty nice one.
Okay. Very neat. I'm in the center of Wisconsin once, you know, it's Uh
sounds
Oh yeah, Beer garden would be uh uh
well, I mean, you know, if we wanted to go with all the stereotypes that would have to have beer, cheese, cranberries, you know, broken
fat,
all
pana.
Very
We're
about the state, were you? Right,
That's okay.
I'm not sure. I stopped my head. Um Yeah,
that's
I understand. It's pretty much Milwaukee Madison and nothing else. I mean why?
Yeah. For me, I I live in the Milwaukee area, so it's I don't,
you
know, I'll go to Madison because it's a lot of fun. I'll go to Green Bay because of Packer games, but for the most part, there really isn't much out there, you know, the Dells are nice, but that's about it. Uh huh.
So are you in like California or somewhere?
Oh, very cool. I have a friend who she, what is it called now? The Northwest Education Association. She's the people that run the maps program for schools. She's one of their um lead administrators. So uh which I've known her since we went to college together, she was going to be a teacher and then she did a year of it and nope doubt. And uh, 15 years later I'm still in it. So there it is,
I teach middle school. So, um, I do at risk. So the students that are behavioral are
academically behind and, um, it's my fashion. I, I really enjoy it.
Very need. One of my favorite, uh, friends in school is the orchestra lead at our school. She loves it and she really, really good. And, um, I'm not musically inclined. The only thing I can play the guitar, but
I understand.
Sure.
Well, it's, it's, it's definitely understandable. Um, my friend who, she does the Milwaukee symphonic and really enjoys it and does all that. Um, but like I said, I, I don't know the quality. My kids are an orchestra. I have a daughter who does violin and a son does cello, so,
but
sure. Well, and for parents, you know, everybody sees their kids as kind of the violin player because Okay.
One.
Well, it's it's a beautiful instrument, you know that
my daughter
told
Yes, Yes. The first couple are rough. Not as bad as the recorder though, I don't know whether that's an instrument or a torture device.
Yeah. That's uh
remember both my kids playing it and they're like, what do you think? I think you're great. I want to hear it again. No, no, no, I
think
once is enough go practice some more. And
one of my favorite facebook posts was do you have friends that have kids? Do you hate them? And then it had a picture of a recorder with frozen? That was like, oh my gosh, that would be absolutely awful.
Uh my little sister just had a baby about 67 weeks ago and I was joking with her. I go, you know, drums, legos all that. And my sister's like, please don't do that, I didn't do that to you. Like my kids are in high school now, so it's, it's different
worth.
that's, that's when I would have played the drums if I um my family was too broke to have any instruments. We were just, we just were so I, I wish there was a better way to put it, but that's what it was. There was, you know, I went to catholic school for elementary because it was like two blocks from the house. My parents worked overtime just to get me in and uh you know, so the idea of like foreign language instruments were just not happening. And then when I went to the public school, since most kids had started in sixth grade, just never caught up with it, so Yeah,
you know.
Well, you know, that's
no, no, and that's pretty much what it is with, you know, I had a very traditional education with kate, but you know, I look at it and I didn't use most of it, you know, even as a teacher, like you would think more, but the stuff that I really attached to, the things that I cared about learning, I did and things fell off like, you know, science, uh
which, which sucks because that's where the money is, but mm, thank
you.
Thank you,
It's
here,
I'm not
Oh yeah. Well, in Oregon and Washington are just known for their tech and I mean that's, you know, I know one of the biggest employers by us is epic systems and they do, they pouch put poached, excuse me. People from Washington all the time. Now, that's a company that blows my mind. I mean, how much money they make? Its
uh, it's a medical software and they'll hire someone right out of coding at like 165,000. It's like didn't even drink.
I understand.
Sure. Well, and that's a great way to do it. I mean, especially with the way the economy is moving its um,
there's tons of opportunity in that. Um
Yeah. Well, I was joking with a couple of my colleagues and I said, I'm like, this is the last
snow
day
we ever
had last year, whenever our last and actually, I don't, I think we had one last year, two years ago, two years ago was the very last, no day we didn't know because from now on, they're just going to say
making
a digital learning day or make it something else. Mhm. And
my wife is, she has
um uh the school district has five days in person and it's, I mean they're dropping teachers, kids are getting sick, it's only a matter of time and then mine is
virtual.
Um which was really interesting because of the two school districts, hers is considerably more fluent than mine. Mine
is actually the one I went to school, the one my wife and I actually graduated from, I went back after teaching in the largest school district and came home because I've always wanted to impact the community. My wife doped out. She was like, this is a, is a dumpster fire Jason, you should not stick with this. Um, so you went to a much more affluent district
and
when Covid happened, I thought for sure like ours is because we're, we're broke, it's what it is. We are. So I thought for sure our district would be like, nope, go in and they were like, we're going to keep you safe, we're gonna do everything we can to mitigate this. Um, I thought for sure we'd be back by now because our board has a history of caving. For whatever reason they haven't now, it probably helps. Wisconsin has like the worst rate in the country, which, I mean it's awful. It's bars open up. People pack them. You got people that are doing things like, I don't have to wear a mask. It's against my religion. It's against and it's like looking going like if this was Iowa or if this was michigan, I'd understand because you know, they tend to be a little different politically, but Wisconsin is the home of the, the progressive movement. I mean, we were literally the foundation of it, how in the world that we did, you know, Degra gate to this. And it's just incredible to see the numbers because like I was joking, I'm like, we're Arkansas would snow right now. Like I wouldn't say we're Mississippi bad yet close. Like it's close enough to be very uncomfortable. Um,
you know, and it's just, it's just frustrating because you know, if we would just do what we're supposed to with being safer with staying away from people like I do because I mean that's why I'm doing stuff like this, that well, first of all, I wish this better up labs, they let you do six. I wish I could do like 100 because I've had the five other discussions I've done have been fantastic. Um
What?
And
What?
Yeah. Well, and for me, the first time I did, I thought it was a scam. They're like, it's 15 bucks and like, so 25 minutes of time you're going to pay me $15 for sitting home and talking and and then uh like the the other ones have had, like I met people from like, one guy was from like Prague who
lived in new york, another one was um from michigan and he lived like right across
the lake for me. So like worldview being in like michigan versus mine, you would think similar, but like he lives out in the boonies. I live in the city, so it's, it's different. Um but just, I talked to a college professor, another teacher. It's, it's just been really, really neat. Um
and there's just,
yeah, when I think with Covid it's, there's a lot of universals, you know, a lot of us are trying to, trying to cling to whatever normalcy was before this, but with a latent understanding that it's not going to go back to that anytime soon.
and it makes sense. I mean it's unfortunate because you know, like, I mean by us, you know, the big ones
are
like
Summerfest,
It's the world's largest music festival. It's 15 days. The biggest band possibly find red hot chili peppers and name it. And every genre country rap, everything it's in, it's on the cold fronts. Beautiful. They canceled it this year. And then like state fair, which is, you know
if
you ever want a prototypical Wisconsin outing come during the fair and uh oh my gosh it's
so very
correct I'd be down for that. That that sounds awesome. Mhm.
Well it's it's incredibly hard with that for us. I mean like for teaching, I'm on the computer for nine hours with 50 kids at a time but it's different than just connecting and um you know I think in since March
we've picked up food a couple times so like you interact with the person handing you the food for like a minute but you're keeping you know six ft. I've had friends come over that you know sit on our patio and you know sit six ft apart. But like you know it's not the same. And then, um, it's just, it's hard to see for me. I'm lucky. Uh, my haircuts are, I get the, the radar out just how it goes.
you know, and for, you know, the main reason is um balding. So it's like if I keep it short, it doesn't look bad. Whereas I let it grow out, I look like I'm 50 even I'm only, I'm only 38. So people are hold are you? And I'm like 38. No. Yes. No. Seriously, what
you're born, 1982 What that would mean? You're 38.
Yeah. It really would, wouldn't it? So and then it doesn't help. My wife looks a lot younger because she's only one year younger, but you know, I'm bald and she's not, you know, you know, so it's like, you
know, then I get the other part. How did your wife
end
up
with you? Well,
I don't know. Just so.
but the adult are excuse me. The conversation things are hard because you
know,
because for a lot of people you either get one or two people either get the people that are just pretending it doesn't exist, who are really hard to talk to you because you're like, how unsafe have you been or people kind of in the other camp that are being very safe but very depressed about it. And it's just a bomber. Because you
know,
we know life is social and that there's the need for that connection. Yeah. But at the same time it's just, you know like, I mean I worry about my mom, she's a teacher. Um Her school is very, really small, like her classes eight kids in it. So
she's
each that are very, very small private school. Um Whereas, you know, my wife has to go to school with
25 kids. They're not social distancing at her school even though my wife wants him to because the superintendent,
they
lied right
to the
board there, like, you know, the board member goes well, how are we enacting these
policies?
And they're like, oh we're doing our best. And then like when they went to the teachers, the teachers were like, we can't keep these kids six ft apart, and they're like, well we told them we do our best and my wife is like, you know, she has the face shield,
she has the n 95 because I bought I bought her stuff right away and um right when she comes home she takes all off showers right away.
We um you know, we're lucky enough to have two cars. So
you know the car she drives to school? We just, she just uses it for school right now, which is the pain that, but when it comes to the weekend where you want to do stuff and you only have one car, but at least we have two cars. I mean that's it's pretty nice. But I mean grocery shopping sucks because you're like sprinting through the aisles trying to grab stuff and keeping six ft when other people are just like whatever. Hey look, my mask is below my nose because I'm an idiot.
You know, I don't know their exact
thought.
Some like,
you know like, like we shop all day because it's cheap and we're teachers broke so kind of goes hand in hand. Um But you know like target doesn't um Costco
was pretty good at the beginning. They're not very good now. Um
The
next.
Where have
to.
Smart.
True.
Yeah. That that is in its worlds different from here because I mean like some of them are pretty good, most are and even the people like they're just they're just an indifference. And uh across we've done a lot of pick up like all the has pick up so we can disorder it will bring it out um Costco, we've done
you know the
order not the only problem with Costco is before this all happened you could order something in like three days later would be at your house now. I mean you're ordering and it's 567 weeks. So. And for like yeah things like coffee. I can't live without coffee in the morning. I gotta have it. Like
I have my arrow press, I'm ready to drink it. If there's no coffee. I mean I can get, I can get away with tea but like there's no caffeine whatsoever by like mid day I'm dying. Like the kids run me ragged even online. Like it's just, but what is the difference is like in school, I'm worried
they might
hurt each other. There's this at, you know, with online, I'm just worried to get them online. Like one of my kids, I like, hey uh
I know you're there, you've got your video off and you're you're muted but I know you're there. And then finally I called his grandma and I was like, hey, I know he's there but he's not and she's like, oh I'm gonna go in there and then you hear her? I'm gonna put my foot up your foot until you taste it. I'm like not not uh
yeah, I can't say that stuff on the phone. Like what you do after you hang up is on you, but you can't tell
me you're going to physically be physically aggressive kid. Like there are standards here. You can't do that. But yeah, I wish it was more like that because I mean if they would just do stuff like that, the numbers would decrease, we could get back to a sense of normalcy, you know like schools would fully open stores will be fully open sports who fully open and
Thank you. Right. I.
Sure.
For us um They don't they were just downgraded to 25% occupancy in the city. See you Mikey. Whereas I mean patios have been fine. Um But the challenge is, is even when uh you know, even when they they limited people just like the bar owners are just like who cares? Like um the crazy one is like olive garden, like you really need olive garden. You can pretty much, it's pretty much the same stuff you buy at the grocery store
quality
is
about the same like you really don't
need
to be sitting in an olive garden just. But now at the foot, I mean like the custard place we have around here because you know there's there's a difference between ice cream and custard. Wisconsin record is, well, I mean it's the reason we're all fat. You know, no joke. Like Wisconsin is like in the top 10 fattest states because you know you get like culver's which is good burgers
and good
ice cream. But if you came here to Wisconsin and you had like a cops burger with custard, it makes culver's look like it's Mcdonald's, it's there's
just
well someday if you ever come back you'll have to try custard um from like either and now you have to do it in walk area because the stuff out in the sticks arms good but get cops or Oscars or liaisons and it's I've had friends from other states. They're like if I lived here I'd be £500 like I don't know how you do it. And
then
the beer like, you know before I went on, I I'm not drinking now but um new, glorious makes spotted cow. But they make this moon man, that is fantastic. Um
Not the absolute best. Their best one right now is uh they have a Door County Cherry, which is just fantastic. It's a
Um trying to think that. It's I don't think we have any big cider producer. We have one.
Yeah, those are I've had a couple of apple
cider. just been I think Eugene maybe
now. Fantastic.
I've never tried that. I've always wanted to the other one that just opened up west of here. They have a
meat
place
that does like Cherry
me. So
been wanting to go there. One of our teachers that teaches in our school district actually drives 20 minutes to Milwaukee every day because she lives out in Destroy and she's been trying to get me out there, but
you know, I've told her I'm like not going out there with Covid, I don't care like you can pick up, I'm like not going to happen like if there's, you know, from what I know of, you know the sticks in Wisconsin that like nobody's following social distancing so Mhm.
I love Susie, it's so good.
We have a Hibachi Sushi place on um how 100 it's so good. But I just I haven't gone because we went trying to remember like it was either our anniversary or something else. We went to pick it up and we were sitting outside waiting for them to come in, you know are just waiting to get there and then like we got to the front of the line and like the employee just like called in like 20 people into like a phone booth size opening and the thing and I'm just like this is not okay. So Yeah but
I don't know hopefully someday when it's all said and done well appreciate the stuff that we've had more, you know and then you know just it'll work out. But I hope you're coding goes really well.
I hope everything you know Oregon gets better and there's some sense of normalcy and Uh huh.
But you know. I know
thank you. I appreciate it. It's only next week it's the end of the first quarter and in what respect it's like yeah it's first quarter but then it occurred to me like there's still 27 more weeks left of this. What? So But been an absolute pleasure. Thank you so much for your time
so have a good night.