SPEAKER_L: Henry. Yeah. Yeah. Ah sure. Do we start the 25 minutes now or do we have to wait till 4?
SPEAKER_R: All right. I have my Michael so I can hear, you know, how are
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: Do we start 25 minutes now or do we wait till 4?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think we're in different time zones, but I think we can just start now. Um Yeah, that should be good. Yeah, it's six
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: o'clock
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: my time. So I'm assuming you're the West Coast
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. Well maybe start right now. Okay
SPEAKER_R: You got
SPEAKER_L: carried out.
SPEAKER_R: worse?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: putting like 26 minutes just in case so far. Have you been during these times?
SPEAKER_R: I'm going Ok. Ok. Yeah. Um um I'm kind of doing like half work from home. Have not so yeah, it's been it's been a good balance
SPEAKER_L: Are you guys on like stay at home order to or like?
SPEAKER_R: so are staying home is lifted, but they're still like a decent amount of restrictions. So you know, it was with restaurants and things like that, but we don't have an official like stay at home anymore as far as I know like yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I work in like doing like finance and we're keeping stuff with my organizations like I still have to go into the office like that's like counts enough is essential where like I still have to go in, you know, to process like check something like that. So. Uh huh. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: camera.
SPEAKER_R: I've always known that at least a couple times a week, but I'm the only one there so it's not even that bad. Ah
SPEAKER_L: that's that's nice. I'm in California so like everything is still like pretty bad here like everyone wears math or its mandated to wear masks. Um Yeah I was in college so like they sent everyone home and then like next year like schools not even opening up or it's like most of it is going to be online and then if you get the rare chance it'll be like you can go into class but that's like rare
SPEAKER_R: Yeah click sucks because you know you're paying for the, you know for
SPEAKER_L: thanks back.
SPEAKER_R: class, are you basically just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: sat on
SPEAKER_L: couldn't
SPEAKER_R: and you will just be now I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're literally paying for like all the amenities, like all the like the gyms and everything that no one is going to be using and it's like, well are they pulling money out from us students? Right.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: But it hasn't been too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Did you take any summer glasses?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. I currently started my like last week, so I'm taking one right now and then I'll be taking to next quarter. So like in the next six weeks so it's not too bad. Yeah. Are you working summer too?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I'm working throughout the summer so I do I do a couple of things um I work for a religious nonprofits so um like part of what I do is like related to finance and that was my major and then I also like work in college ministry as well, I. E. T. So um like which is like a local tech school in Chicago. So um Yeah so it's that part obviously slowed down a lot like in the summer, but the rest of my job is still like pretty busy, so.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah. What
SPEAKER_R: So how'd you hear like are you on prolific or how did you hear
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: about?
SPEAKER_L: was just about to ask you that same thing. Um My sister's found out about it so I don't even know how they found out about. I think maybe they were just like Googling like passive
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: income or something.
SPEAKER_R: can make money. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And so I was like okay, like it's it's like in prolific really easy. I feel like like he takes like max like what like 30 minutes out of a day or something like that. Just like in 12 parts. And I feel like it's it's just an easy way to make simple money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, it's a lot of, you know, I used to do like other survey things before this and like I just have dished all that and like, well if it's just so much better than other websites are with this type of thing, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's also because like other ones you're not sure if you qualify so you have to go through a screening to or like you have to take a test and you get to the end of it, you're like, oh you didn't qualify or you never hear back from it for as prolific. You're just like doing it and they take such a short time. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: it's honest. What are you gonna
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: say?
SPEAKER_R: funny thing about like this specifically is I did like the very same thing, but like a few months ago and it was like, oh yeah, like if you've done this before, it's okay. It's like this is my second time doing the exact
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: don't know
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: is it your birth come around
SPEAKER_R: it's good. Yeah. It was, the thing about that is they didn't you didn't like schedule it, it was just like you like took the survey and like
SPEAKER_L: so they
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: automatically
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: go into
SPEAKER_R: and then
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: you started and like okay like you know, it was I mean it was cool but it was like, you know, I think with this you have more time to prepare yourself and like all right, I know that you know, X time, aren't you jumping
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: into
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: the only worry is that like I was I like set an alarm because I was like, I'll probably forget if I don't like. So yeah, I wonder what they're using this for. I feel like they're using it for, they said like seeing how people communicate or something like that. I don't even know. It's always just interesting to think of their ulterior motive. So okay. It's
SPEAKER_R: So yeah. But I also wonder like how this is different and like covid versus like just normally like, you know, we're more used to zoom calls or you know, whatever type of video calls them out. Like maybe we were like,
SPEAKER_L: That is true.
SPEAKER_R: you know, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like I've gotten on so many more zoom calls and like even before, except in classes is I feel like it's so awkward. Everyone just shuts off their screen and just like take stuff like that. Like everyone, especially if like attendance is mandatory and it's an early class. Everyone just turns on their laptop and go back to sleep.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I think so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: one of the more one of the, one of the guys I knew he like told a story of like he was in a class like that and then had fallen asleep but left his mic on and then like his alarm clock started going on. Then he like didn't wake up to it immediately and like the professor wanted looked like kicking him. I can't they kicked them out or just muted him or like put him in a breakout room or something. But it was just like, oh,
SPEAKER_L: my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: example.
SPEAKER_L: that was yeah. That's like one of my biggest fears. I was like, I thought that guy started would have started snoring. I think that would have been even worse like if they heard I'm sorry. Um Usually I literally like set an alarm because like my biggest fear is like when everyone's leaving for class the professor will stay on a couple extra minutes in case anyone has questions and then it'll just, it'll just be like me and him, it's like waiting. So I'm always like I always wake up like five minutes before class ready to like sign off or something
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Cool. Yeah. So are you like staying like at home like with your parents like in your like coward right now? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm back home but I'll probably like I moved back home when they announced our spring quarter was going to be online but I'll probably move back like in full because I already rented out the house and or rent it out and freaking rent over there so loading high, I'm sure it's really high in Chicago too. But yeah it's yeah, L. A. Is crazy so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We are place isn't too bad. We're like, So I'm like literally like I'm with interested in limits from like four miles south of downtown is like it's not as bad as like some areas of Chicago are like We have like a three bedroom which is like small bedrooms but it's like three bedrooms, like $1,200. And that's nothing compared to like what some cities
SPEAKER_L: 12:00
SPEAKER_R: are.
SPEAKER_L: per person or 12:00
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Total. So it's, I'm married, got married of your total.
SPEAKER_L: Got in. That's that is amazing. I I'm paying for three bedroom, it's For 4200.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: It's ridiculous. That is ridiculous. So
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you're splitting that right? You have remained something to me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like I'm splitting it with six different people but it's still like what $700 a month plus utilities.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: So. Yeah. It's insane because they know that like we all need housing and like the school just keeps bringing in more people like they bring in more people than they could actually house. So like then they could like up the rent prices. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Doesn't cause it wasn't my college town is. I went to school in columbus piau and like they even though like it's not an area that has a huge like rent inflation whatever like did like places that were directly in your campus were just ridiculous expensive like we got a house that was like Six bedroom you want to say and we felt like eight people into
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: it. And it was like a similar like it wanted it being like 500 and something for a person. And it's just like to think about Matthew pay like 60 something $1000 a year to rent. That place just blew my mind. I'm like we should just all like some house they are like money and like just buy a house together and like doing security.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that that would have been so much more convenient. That's what like that was literally wanted like if we wanted we could get like a house for like the similar price that we're paying red for but it be like in the next city over. But that's like saying that we so because like it's such a pain to drive in L. A. That it's like no we might as well just like live close to school. What? Yeah definitely sucks. So what T. V. Shows are you watching?
SPEAKER_R: mm So I just started watching Lenox Hill, don't, have you ever watched that?
SPEAKER_L: I have not heard of that. What is that about?
SPEAKER_R: It's basically like a documentary or? Yeah like they're literally following like this like one set of like doctors around um and there's like it's this own little hospital, it's a small hospital in new york. Um And they are like flying around there is like a brain surgery unit and then there's like a you know like um yeah there's a lot of different units that they like follow certain people around. It's it's really interesting because it's mostly like following their like personal professional life and like this is they're doing but also like their personal life um
SPEAKER_L: So it's like greens Anatomy ish type vibe.
SPEAKER_R: but like real like this is like like they're real people and like
SPEAKER_L: the reality?
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's like reality. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: What is it called?
SPEAKER_R: Lenox Hill, it's your have a fire stick and sometimes you forget which whenever you when you have things like that, you forget which platform it is under.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But I think it's not.
SPEAKER_L: convenient. I feel like you guys so much and stuff for like $30 in a mother. I don't know how it works. But. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well I think it's just the one time like it's like $40 for like and then you plug into your TV and then it turns your TV and a smart TV basically. So it's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: actually insane. Like why do people even by cable if you could just get a fire stick?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean you still have to pay for like you know prime or netflix or whatever in
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: addition,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: but it gives you the option to like sync it up to your tv basically without. Mhm. So
SPEAKER_L: Okay
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'll see. Thanks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we have like an older tv because I know like a lot of new TVs have like, you know, it already has like the netflix app on it, but we don't have that so we
SPEAKER_L: number
SPEAKER_R: just want this and it's easier.
SPEAKER_L: honestly. That's even good to know. I'm probably needing to buy that then like next year in case I get bored from studying and I just need to watch Tv or something on tv. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's better than like fucking your laptop and through like an adapter or something. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly especially like my laptop doesn't have anything to plug in it's like alright. Yeah it does. I don't know. Yeah any other tv shows. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Not really. I haven't been watching too much tv. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I got back into the T. V. Show avatar. I don't know if you heard about it like that. It was my first time watching it like after they added it on to netflix and so I've just been like yeah like it was really good. I feel like every I was I was trying to see like what the hype was all about and yeah every episode was so it was so well written. I couldn't I literally binge that like in a week it was so false. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Do you like seeing, do you watch what I am saying? Is that like your first like
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: I remember
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: nothing. Yeah I've only watched like spirited away the typical basic anime that people don't even consider anime and then like um I watched Your Lie in april. Have you heard that 1?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah just from a friend recommendation but then I haven't watched like anything else so avatar was like a nice change from what I usually watch. Um Yeah other than that what else did I watch? Um Just random ones like the top netflix shows. I'm just trying to make my summer passed by watching all of the next show. That's basically all it is. It's just I've been home for so long already.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know it's crazy. It's like in all these like all of the streaming services know what they're doing because they're like pumping out and just a bunch of content right now, like Disney Plus is like putting all their movies on like that, you know, would have been releasing um is up like that, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel like I'm I'm more of a like my wife and I like to do is we like, we get home, we'd rather like sit and watching movies and like watch a lot of like serious, so that's why I like Lennox cells, like the only like one that only like series we're watching right now, but mostly we just kind of like find a random movie or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I feel like that's very I tried watching like my friends and I we tried watching like tv shows together that just became like too complicated because then you have to like keep
SPEAKER_R: Wait
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: everyone.
SPEAKER_L: for a long time where I was like movies are like okay let's just watch this tonight and tomorrow. We're watching a different one. So yeah, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: They're interesting. So if
SPEAKER_R: sir,
SPEAKER_L: you're what do you say?
SPEAKER_R: what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: studied Molecular
SPEAKER_R: I mean it.
SPEAKER_L: biology, molecular biology and global health. Like an interesting mix or it's it's like it's a nice complimentary mix I felt like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So what did
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: you study?
SPEAKER_R: So I studied finance and like operations management, so just kind of like the operation side is just like how to run things more efficiently in business. Um and then finances like self explanatory so yeah, which is cool because I get to, you know, at first like I think I was really passionate about like you know, working for religious non profit, but I didn't quite know how that would turn out. So you know, I was able to really find something that for 12 for that because I graduated like three years ago now, so I feel like I'm finally like finding my rhythm after like just a few years of being in this city and just trying to figure my way out.
SPEAKER_L: That's really good to hear actually. I I feel like everyone feels the need to like find their rhythm right away. Or there's this pressure to like find this rhythms right after college that you hardly have time. And then if you don't find that rhythm right away, then you feel like, oh my gosh, am I on
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: this very path and my behind or something like that. So yeah, it's nice that like it's like you're able you were able to like take time and finally like find that rhythm.
SPEAKER_R: For sure. For sure. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: these
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: like your job right now compliments like what you studied in college or did you like take a different route afterwards?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, definitely, it definitely compliments um it's more of a doing, I was a little bit more like accounting related, but like it's still very complimentary to like what I might study, so at least on the finance side of it because I like double major, so. Uh huh. Yeah, it was it works out it works out pretty well and I'm excited.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: What are you what
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: are you what are you hoping to do with like molecular, molecular bio.
SPEAKER_L: I want to go into the health field so yeah I wanna like I'll be applying for med school soon. But like I've been like debating between like M. D. And D. O. Like those programs like ones like osteopathic and ones like telepathic which means like one is more like looking at a holistic point of view and ones like using Western medicine I would say. Um So I would say like that it's not like I was thinking about like um P. A like physician's assistant. Like I definitely know I want to go into the health field. But I think it's the main thing that's just stopping me is like acceptance rating. I think that's why I'm having these like backup plans like applying a near deal because like I do like both fields but like I think it's Kia is just back up just in case M. D. D. O. Doesn't work out. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Are are upstairs neighbors are really good friends of ours and like um they're married and she is she just finished up her she just finished up med school um at rush which is in Chicago and she just got in the residency, you know and there went this past spring at u Chicago. And it's just like with that like you really have to be so open to like wherever the system takes you because it's like like just hearing there like they were like yeah we could be moving to michigan or D. C. Or California or like staying in Chicago and like it's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: clear.
SPEAKER_L: that's really the scary thing. Especially with residents convinced where by the way. But yeah, especially with residency, it's like it's where they match you. It's like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you you really just like choosing you to you like set your priorities or like you set your options and then they just like wherever you are fit. So. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: and I mean I guess you could like rig it of like, you know if you really wanted to stay in Cali right, you could like just choose like eight like your top eight could be
SPEAKER_L: California
SPEAKER_R: for you, right? Still it's just it's a lot of uncertainty. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And then it's like a lot of time to so especially like it's like four years of undergrad, four years of med school then like however many years of residency, depending on whatever whatever you want to specialize in what's going to be, Yeah. That's going to be a lot of time
SPEAKER_R: So is that
SPEAKER_L: and that's
SPEAKER_R: the that the right you're thinking of going in but you're like you have those backups?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's like I like if acceptances were nothing like I would and I were like for sure guaranteed anywhere like I would want to do like MD. Like that's what I want to but like in the in the chance that I don't get it. Like then like P. A. I'm also like P. A. Also I feel like they do like similar things to I've been talking
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: some of the participants so. And like it like the pros of that would be like it's even less time here and I would be in school. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Let me it's just crazy the amount of different routes you can go because like you could also go into research right? Or do something like related to that or like go into teaching like whatever it is. It's just like so many different routes about.
SPEAKER_L: I I think that's the scary thing in college. You're like learning about so many different routes. And then like, I think even like even me doing research right now, it's like, oh my gosh, like do I want to continue that? But then part of me feels like, oh my gosh, like, but then I've been on, I've been set on the med school route for so long and I just like, like can I just switch that easily? But like you can, you know, because you're just exposed to new rocks all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure you know like no decision in life is final. Like I think I like really very few decisions in life are finally I think so like my my wife lost her job due to covid everything's fine, we're fine. But like, you know, now she's like looking for work and she just got a job offer in some people Illinois, which is like an hour and a half away and we're like trying to figure out that I'm like, oh are we gonna move like all this stuff? And it's like, I think we're both freaking out of like, oh like, you know, this could like change our lives for the next like this could set
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: the trajectory of our lives for the whole rest of the future. And my father in law, her dad was talking is like, you know, you guys can't assume
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that right? All these things are not final. Like if you choose this, this doesn't mean like you're going to stay in this like small town, look for the rest of your life and you're like stuck in that type of decision, you know what I mean? But actually like, you know when you're in your twenties you're like, oh like you see all these voices in front of you and every single one of these like it's so important. Like irreversible but it really isn't, you know, isn't true right?
SPEAKER_L: I think that's, yeah, that's that's a really important concept to realize. I feel like just also even understanding, I think something else feels like remember my high school teacher, she was like, like she was on her third career already. You know, like your lifetime, you have so much time to do so much. Like not everyone every decision doesn't isn't final. Like how you were saying like it's not something that you have to hold to for the rest of your life. And I think that's always also like very comforting to hear like if there is like a mess step or if there is a change or if there is like something then like that, it's not like a it's not like a step back or it doesn't like it doesn't prevent you from doing more stuff in the future. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Very interesting. So are you guys planning on moving?
SPEAKER_R: We don't know. We literally got the job offer like three days ago, so we're trying to bring in other people and talk through it and you know, write about it and really just like discerned together like what do we want? So where we told them we let them know on friday or at least you know like either but we're even now leaning like on friday, we might say, hey can we get another few days? So we don't know it, but there's a lot of complicating things right? Like our least we started like literally written in our least tune one. Um so it's like okay, like if you got to find us up, you know, someone that really like someone to take your lease from you and all this stuff like yeah, So we're figuring it out, we don't know yet.
SPEAKER_L: That is a lot to figure out. I feel like once you sign at least that's just like an at least last an entire year. That's that's a whole okay to think that's literally like so much so many like of like my classmates, they're all freaking out because they signed lease and then like they're like oh they can't even come back to school because of all the restrictions like like say their international, so like they're struggling to they're struggling to even come back like their visas aren't getting approved so then everyone's like trying to find housing or they're trying because my school also like declined housing for like half the people, so only like So only like 1/3 of the students got housing. And like so if they're like at a state or international and they didn't get housing then that's also like they're they're trying to find a way to come back, so it's just the whole hectic circle around the school area of people going around. But yeah. Yeah rates will definitely probably go up when school starts because everyone's moving back in. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well hopefully, I don't know, maybe a special thinking, but hopefully the school will like be merciful and lower costs for some of the non tuition, non like classroom related expenses, so
SPEAKER_L: I I hope so. But so far I feel like I think um the student body was able to lower the cost by like $500.
SPEAKER_R: mhm That's something, you know, it's, it's,
SPEAKER_L: Something a holy. So yeah these times are definitely putting a test on everyone, it's definitely having us all figure out like what's going on trying
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: to find the best in all of these situations
SPEAKER_R: be prepared for probably a bunch of like when you graduate a bunch of interview questions about how did you handle Covid or what did you learn about yourself and go of it and all of these things? So,
SPEAKER_L: 100%. Yeah. That's with the intense job market like everyone applying for jobs and limited job options. So that's also a funny story. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: He heard about boom. That was a firework. Not a gunshot. Don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: worry.
SPEAKER_L: I always say the same things to my um neighbors always are putting out like fireworks, like consecutive one. So I always have to tell people like oh if you hear that sound, it was fireworks, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So are we having some time?
SPEAKER_L: We are 26 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Who? All right. What was good talking with you? Good meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: wow, good talking with you too. I hope everything works out. You guys figure everything out to
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: But I do just X. Out or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. And then we click like the link on the we click the next button on our first survey
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: page.
SPEAKER_L: perfect. Have a good day.