All right. I have my Michael so I can hear, you know, how are
you?
Um I think we're in different time zones, but I think we can just start now. Um Yeah, that should be good. Yeah, it's six
o'clock
my time. So I'm assuming you're the West Coast
Chicago.
You got
worse?
Why?
I'm going Ok. Ok. Yeah. Um um I'm kind of doing like half work from home. Have not so yeah, it's been it's been a good balance
so are staying home is lifted, but they're still like a decent amount of restrictions. So you know, it was with restaurants and things like that, but we don't have an official like stay at home anymore as far as I know like yeah,
I work in like doing like finance and we're keeping stuff with my organizations like I still have to go into the office like that's like counts enough is essential where like I still have to go in, you know, to process like check something like that. So. Uh huh. Yeah. So
I've always known that at least a couple times a week, but I'm the only one there so it's not even that bad. Ah
Yeah click sucks because you know you're paying for the, you know for
class, are you basically just
sat on
and you will just be now I think.
that's good.
Did you take any summer glasses?
Yeah. Yeah I'm working throughout the summer so I do I do a couple of things um I work for a religious nonprofits so um like part of what I do is like related to finance and that was my major and then I also like work in college ministry as well, I. E. T. So um like which is like a local tech school in Chicago. So um Yeah so it's that part obviously slowed down a lot like in the summer, but the rest of my job is still like pretty busy, so.
So how'd you hear like are you on prolific or how did you hear
about?
You
can make money. Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, it's a lot of, you know, I used to do like other survey things before this and like I just have dished all that and like, well if it's just so much better than other websites are with this type of thing, so.
Uh
The
funny thing about like this specifically is I did like the very same thing, but like a few months ago and it was like, oh yeah, like if you've done this before, it's okay. It's like this is my second time doing the exact
same
thing.
So
it's good. Yeah. It was, the thing about that is they didn't you didn't like schedule it, it was just like you like took the survey and like
it's
like
and then
you started and like okay like you know, it was I mean it was cool but it was like, you know, I think with this you have more time to prepare yourself and like all right, I know that you know, X time, aren't you jumping
into
the
So yeah. But I also wonder like how this is different and like covid versus like just normally like, you know, we're more used to zoom calls or you know, whatever type of video calls them out. Like maybe we were like,
you know, you know.
What?
one of the more one of the, one of the guys I knew he like told a story of like he was in a class like that and then had fallen asleep but left his mic on and then like his alarm clock started going on. Then he like didn't wake up to it immediately and like the professor wanted looked like kicking him. I can't they kicked them out or just muted him or like put him in a breakout room or something. But it was just like, oh,
example.
What?
Yeah, for sure. Cool. Yeah. So are you like staying like at home like with your parents like in your like coward right now? Okay.
Yeah. We are place isn't too bad. We're like, So I'm like literally like I'm with interested in limits from like four miles south of downtown is like it's not as bad as like some areas of Chicago are like We have like a three bedroom which is like small bedrooms but it's like three bedrooms, like $1,200. And that's nothing compared to like what some cities
are.
Yeah. Total. So it's, I'm married, got married of your total.
Oh my gosh.
It's ridiculous. That is ridiculous. So
you're splitting that right? You have remained something to me. Yeah.
no.
Yeah. Doesn't cause it wasn't my college town is. I went to school in columbus piau and like they even though like it's not an area that has a huge like rent inflation whatever like did like places that were directly in your campus were just ridiculous expensive like we got a house that was like Six bedroom you want to say and we felt like eight people into
it. And it was like a similar like it wanted it being like 500 and something for a person. And it's just like to think about Matthew pay like 60 something $1000 a year to rent. That place just blew my mind. I'm like we should just all like some house they are like money and like just buy a house together and like doing security.
mm So I just started watching Lenox Hill, don't, have you ever watched that?
It's basically like a documentary or? Yeah like they're literally following like this like one set of like doctors around um and there's like it's this own little hospital, it's a small hospital in new york. Um And they are like flying around there is like a brain surgery unit and then there's like a you know like um yeah there's a lot of different units that they like follow certain people around. It's it's really interesting because it's mostly like following their like personal professional life and like this is they're doing but also like their personal life um
but like real like this is like like they're real people and like
yeah it's like reality. Yeah
Lenox Hill, it's your have a fire stick and sometimes you forget which whenever you when you have things like that, you forget which platform it is under.
But I think it's not.
Well I think it's just the one time like it's like $40 for like and then you plug into your TV and then it turns your TV and a smart TV basically. So it's
pretty
Yeah, I mean you still have to pay for like you know prime or netflix or whatever in
addition,
but it gives you the option to like sync it up to your tv basically without. Mhm. So
yeah,
Yeah, we have like an older tv because I know like a lot of new TVs have like, you know, it already has like the netflix app on it, but we don't have that so we
just want this and it's easier.
Yeah, it's better than like fucking your laptop and through like an adapter or something. So
Not really. I haven't been watching too much tv. What about you?
Do you like seeing, do you watch what I am saying? Is that like your first like
I remember
it.
No, no, no.
Yeah, I know it's crazy. It's like in all these like all of the streaming services know what they're doing because they're like pumping out and just a bunch of content right now, like Disney Plus is like putting all their movies on like that, you know, would have been releasing um is up like that, so. Yeah.
Yeah, I feel like I'm I'm more of a like my wife and I like to do is we like, we get home, we'd rather like sit and watching movies and like watch a lot of like serious, so that's why I like Lennox cells, like the only like one that only like series we're watching right now, but mostly we just kind of like find a random movie or
Wait
for
everyone.
Oh
sir,
what are you studying?
No,
I mean it.
that's
are you?
So I studied finance and like operations management, so just kind of like the operation side is just like how to run things more efficiently in business. Um and then finances like self explanatory so yeah, which is cool because I get to, you know, at first like I think I was really passionate about like you know, working for religious non profit, but I didn't quite know how that would turn out. So you know, I was able to really find something that for 12 for that because I graduated like three years ago now, so I feel like I'm finally like finding my rhythm after like just a few years of being in this city and just trying to figure my way out.
No.
For sure. For sure. Yeah,
sort
of.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely, it definitely compliments um it's more of a doing, I was a little bit more like accounting related, but like it's still very complimentary to like what I might study, so at least on the finance side of it because I like double major, so. Uh huh. Yeah, it was it works out it works out pretty well and I'm excited.
What are you what
are you what are you hoping to do with like molecular, molecular bio.
Are are upstairs neighbors are really good friends of ours and like um they're married and she is she just finished up her she just finished up med school um at rush which is in Chicago and she just got in the residency, you know and there went this past spring at u Chicago. And it's just like with that like you really have to be so open to like wherever the system takes you because it's like like just hearing there like they were like yeah we could be moving to michigan or D. C. Or California or like staying in Chicago and like it's
not
clear.
No.
and I mean I guess you could like rig it of like, you know if you really wanted to stay in Cali right, you could like just choose like eight like your top eight could be
for you, right? Still it's just it's a lot of uncertainty. Yeah.
So is that
the that the right you're thinking of going in but you're like you have those backups?
You
know.
Let me it's just crazy the amount of different routes you can go because like you could also go into research right? Or do something like related to that or like go into teaching like whatever it is. It's just like so many different routes about.
Yeah. I'm sure you know like no decision in life is final. Like I think I like really very few decisions in life are finally I think so like my my wife lost her job due to covid everything's fine, we're fine. But like, you know, now she's like looking for work and she just got a job offer in some people Illinois, which is like an hour and a half away and we're like trying to figure out that I'm like, oh are we gonna move like all this stuff? And it's like, I think we're both freaking out of like, oh like, you know, this could like change our lives for the next like this could set
the trajectory of our lives for the whole rest of the future. And my father in law, her dad was talking is like, you know, you guys can't assume
that right? All these things are not final. Like if you choose this, this doesn't mean like you're going to stay in this like small town, look for the rest of your life and you're like stuck in that type of decision, you know what I mean? But actually like, you know when you're in your twenties you're like, oh like you see all these voices in front of you and every single one of these like it's so important. Like irreversible but it really isn't, you know, isn't true right?
Yeah,
We don't know. We literally got the job offer like three days ago, so we're trying to bring in other people and talk through it and you know, write about it and really just like discerned together like what do we want? So where we told them we let them know on friday or at least you know like either but we're even now leaning like on friday, we might say, hey can we get another few days? So we don't know it, but there's a lot of complicating things right? Like our least we started like literally written in our least tune one. Um so it's like okay, like if you got to find us up, you know, someone that really like someone to take your lease from you and all this stuff like yeah, So we're figuring it out, we don't know yet.
Yeah. Well hopefully, I don't know, maybe a special thinking, but hopefully the school will like be merciful and lower costs for some of the non tuition, non like classroom related expenses, so
mhm That's something, you know, it's, it's,
I think
be prepared for probably a bunch of like when you graduate a bunch of interview questions about how did you handle Covid or what did you learn about yourself and go of it and all of these things? So,
He heard about boom. That was a firework. Not a gunshot. Don't
worry.
Yeah. So are we having some time?
Who? All right. What was good talking with you? Good meeting you.
Thanks. Bye.
Yeah, I think so. And then we click like the link on the we click the next button on our first survey
page.