Henry. Yeah. Yeah. Ah sure. Do we start the 25 minutes now or do we have to wait till 4?
it,
Do we start 25 minutes now or do we wait till 4?
I don't
know.
Yeah I am. Where are you from?
Oh cool. Well maybe start right now. Okay
carried out.
Yeah I'm
putting like 26 minutes just in case so far. Have you been during these times?
Are you guys on like stay at home order to or like?
that's
camera.
that's that's nice. I'm in California so like everything is still like pretty bad here like everyone wears math or its mandated to wear masks. Um Yeah I was in college so like they sent everyone home and then like next year like schools not even opening up or it's like most of it is going to be online and then if you get the rare chance it'll be like you can go into class but that's like rare
thanks back.
I
couldn't
Yeah, we're literally paying for like all the amenities, like all the like the gyms and everything that no one is going to be using and it's like, well are they pulling money out from us students? Right.
But it hasn't been too bad.
Yes. I currently started my like last week, so I'm taking one right now and then I'll be taking to next quarter. So like in the next six weeks so it's not too bad. Yeah. Are you working summer too?
I don't know. Yeah. What
I
was just about to ask you that same thing. Um My sister's found out about it so I don't even know how they found out about. I think maybe they were just like Googling like passive
income or something.
Yeah. And so I was like okay, like it's it's like in prolific really easy. I feel like like he takes like max like what like 30 minutes out of a day or something like that. Just like in 12 parts. And I feel like it's it's just an easy way to make simple money.
Yeah. I think that's also because like other ones you're not sure if you qualify so you have to go through a screening to or like you have to take a test and you get to the end of it, you're like, oh you didn't qualify or you never hear back from it for as prolific. You're just like doing it and they take such a short time. So yeah,
it's honest. What are you gonna
say?
I
don't know
how
is it your birth come around
so they
automatically
go into
it.
I
want
the only worry is that like I was I like set an alarm because I was like, I'll probably forget if I don't like. So yeah, I wonder what they're using this for. I feel like they're using it for, they said like seeing how people communicate or something like that. I don't even know. It's always just interesting to think of their ulterior motive. So okay. It's
That is true.
Yeah. I feel like I've gotten on so many more zoom calls and like even before, except in classes is I feel like it's so awkward. Everyone just shuts off their screen and just like take stuff like that. Like everyone, especially if like attendance is mandatory and it's an early class. Everyone just turns on their laptop and go back to sleep.
I think so. Yeah.
my gosh,
that was yeah. That's like one of my biggest fears. I was like, I thought that guy started would have started snoring. I think that would have been even worse like if they heard I'm sorry. Um Usually I literally like set an alarm because like my biggest fear is like when everyone's leaving for class the professor will stay on a couple extra minutes in case anyone has questions and then it'll just, it'll just be like me and him, it's like waiting. So I'm always like I always wake up like five minutes before class ready to like sign off or something
like that.
I'm back home but I'll probably like I moved back home when they announced our spring quarter was going to be online but I'll probably move back like in full because I already rented out the house and or rent it out and freaking rent over there so loading high, I'm sure it's really high in Chicago too. But yeah it's yeah, L. A. Is crazy so yeah.
12:00
per person or 12:00
Got in. That's that is amazing. I I'm paying for three bedroom, it's For 4200.
It's
that's
like I'm splitting it with six different people but it's still like what $700 a month plus utilities.
So. Yeah. It's insane because they know that like we all need housing and like the school just keeps bringing in more people like they bring in more people than they could actually house. So like then they could like up the rent prices. So.
Well.
I feel that that would have been so much more convenient. That's what like that was literally wanted like if we wanted we could get like a house for like the similar price that we're paying red for but it be like in the next city over. But that's like saying that we so because like it's such a pain to drive in L. A. That it's like no we might as well just like live close to school. What? Yeah definitely sucks. So what T. V. Shows are you watching?
I have not heard of that. What is that about?
So it's like greens Anatomy ish type vibe.
the reality?
What is it called?
I
convenient. I feel like you guys so much and stuff for like $30 in a mother. I don't know how it works. But. Yeah.
That's
actually insane. Like why do people even by cable if you could just get a fire stick?
More
on.
Okay
I'll see. Thanks
number
honestly. That's even good to know. I'm probably needing to buy that then like next year in case I get bored from studying and I just need to watch Tv or something on tv. So. Yeah.
Yeah exactly especially like my laptop doesn't have anything to plug in it's like alright. Yeah it does. I don't know. Yeah any other tv shows. Yeah.
Yeah I got back into the T. V. Show avatar. I don't know if you heard about it like that. It was my first time watching it like after they added it on to netflix and so I've just been like yeah like it was really good. I feel like every I was I was trying to see like what the hype was all about and yeah every episode was so it was so well written. I couldn't I literally binge that like in a week it was so false. Yeah
I don't
want
nothing. Yeah I've only watched like spirited away the typical basic anime that people don't even consider anime and then like um I watched Your Lie in april. Have you heard that 1?
Yeah just from a friend recommendation but then I haven't watched like anything else so avatar was like a nice change from what I usually watch. Um Yeah other than that what else did I watch? Um Just random ones like the top netflix shows. I'm just trying to make my summer passed by watching all of the next show. That's basically all it is. It's just I've been home for so long already.
definitely.
Yeah I feel like that's very I tried watching like my friends and I we tried watching like tv shows together that just became like too complicated because then you have to like keep
up
other
for a long time where I was like movies are like okay let's just watch this tonight and tomorrow. We're watching a different one. So yeah, definitely.
They're interesting. So if
you're what do you say?
I
studied Molecular
biology, molecular biology and global health. Like an interesting mix or it's it's like it's a nice complimentary mix I felt like. Yeah.
So what did
you study?
That's really good to hear actually. I I feel like everyone feels the need to like find their rhythm right away. Or there's this pressure to like find this rhythms right after college that you hardly have time. And then if you don't find that rhythm right away, then you feel like, oh my gosh, am I on
this very path and my behind or something like that. So yeah, it's nice that like it's like you're able you were able to like take time and finally like find that rhythm.
So
these
like your job right now compliments like what you studied in college or did you like take a different route afterwards?
It's
not.
I want to go into the health field so yeah I wanna like I'll be applying for med school soon. But like I've been like debating between like M. D. And D. O. Like those programs like ones like osteopathic and ones like telepathic which means like one is more like looking at a holistic point of view and ones like using Western medicine I would say. Um So I would say like that it's not like I was thinking about like um P. A like physician's assistant. Like I definitely know I want to go into the health field. But I think it's the main thing that's just stopping me is like acceptance rating. I think that's why I'm having these like backup plans like applying a near deal because like I do like both fields but like I think it's Kia is just back up just in case M. D. D. O. Doesn't work out. Okay.
That's
like
that's really the scary thing. Especially with residents convinced where by the way. But yeah, especially with residency, it's like it's where they match you. It's like
you you really just like choosing you to you like set your priorities or like you set your options and then they just like wherever you are fit. So. Yeah. Uh
California
And then it's like a lot of time to so especially like it's like four years of undergrad, four years of med school then like however many years of residency, depending on whatever whatever you want to specialize in what's going to be, Yeah. That's going to be a lot of time
and that's
Yeah. I think it's like I like if acceptances were nothing like I would and I were like for sure guaranteed anywhere like I would want to do like MD. Like that's what I want to but like in the in the chance that I don't get it. Like then like P. A. I'm also like P. A. Also I feel like they do like similar things to I've been talking
to
some of the participants so. And like it like the pros of that would be like it's even less time here and I would be in school. So. Yeah.
I I think that's the scary thing in college. You're like learning about so many different routes. And then like, I think even like even me doing research right now, it's like, oh my gosh, like do I want to continue that? But then part of me feels like, oh my gosh, like, but then I've been on, I've been set on the med school route for so long and I just like, like can I just switch that easily? But like you can, you know, because you're just exposed to new rocks all the time.
Thank
I
I think that's, yeah, that's that's a really important concept to realize. I feel like just also even understanding, I think something else feels like remember my high school teacher, she was like, like she was on her third career already. You know, like your lifetime, you have so much time to do so much. Like not everyone every decision doesn't isn't final. Like how you were saying like it's not something that you have to hold to for the rest of your life. And I think that's always also like very comforting to hear like if there is like a mess step or if there is a change or if there is like something then like that, it's not like a it's not like a step back or it doesn't like it doesn't prevent you from doing more stuff in the future. So. Yeah.
Very interesting. So are you guys planning on moving?
That is a lot to figure out. I feel like once you sign at least that's just like an at least last an entire year. That's that's a whole okay to think that's literally like so much so many like of like my classmates, they're all freaking out because they signed lease and then like they're like oh they can't even come back to school because of all the restrictions like like say their international, so like they're struggling to they're struggling to even come back like their visas aren't getting approved so then everyone's like trying to find housing or they're trying because my school also like declined housing for like half the people, so only like So only like 1/3 of the students got housing. And like so if they're like at a state or international and they didn't get housing then that's also like they're they're trying to find a way to come back, so it's just the whole hectic circle around the school area of people going around. But yeah. Yeah rates will definitely probably go up when school starts because everyone's moving back in. So
I I hope so. But so far I feel like I think um the student body was able to lower the cost by like $500.
Something a holy. So yeah these times are definitely putting a test on everyone, it's definitely having us all figure out like what's going on trying
to find the best in all of these situations
100%. Yeah. That's with the intense job market like everyone applying for jobs and limited job options. So that's also a funny story. Okay.
I
I always say the same things to my um neighbors always are putting out like fireworks, like consecutive one. So I always have to tell people like oh if you hear that sound, it was fireworks, you know? Yeah.
We are 26 minutes.
wow, good talking with you too. I hope everything works out. You guys figure everything out to
But I do just X. Out or
and
perfect. Have a good day.