SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How they?
SPEAKER_L: what's going on,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I guess we're having a conversation.
SPEAKER_L: yep, conversation time,
SPEAKER_R: All right. Can we just start talking about stuff?
SPEAKER_L: I guess so, I guess we'll start with the usual. What's the weather like, where you're at?
SPEAKER_R: The weather we are we're raining today, but the temperature is um it's bearable. We're in north Carolina. How about y'all?
SPEAKER_L: I'm up in Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I visited I went through there once for a conference. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I stayed in a pretty cool neighborhood.
SPEAKER_L: Did you stay in shady side,
SPEAKER_R: Um Maybe it was near the, near college.
SPEAKER_L: was it near Pittsburgh Chatham?
SPEAKER_R: Um You know what? I don't remember pretty much about it. Um I don't know. It just kind of seemed like there was a lot of students there. It was like um it was one like Airbnb was starting, but like, I think we might have actually done couch surfing, which was like the free predecessor of of Airbnb.
SPEAKER_L: I think our serving is still around too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's good enough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I was living in the Czech Republic before this, and uh people love check, people are all about couchsurfing, like if you tried couchsurfing, do you couch surf? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right. So it's still going strong. Er It seems like like interest kind of just fell off when Airbnb started here at least. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not sure couchsurfing, it's not as popular with americans as it is with Europeans, I know that,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that makes sense. So what do you tell
SPEAKER_L: I'm in grad school at the University of Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_R: alcohol?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was in grad school and now I I teach to the community college. Yeah. What are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: um uh Security and Intelligence Studies, Master Republican, International Policy. Yeah, so it's kind of a lot of work, but pretty good fun.
SPEAKER_R: all right. So what do you um what are you finding out? Are you forming opinions or uh you're like a specific countries are
SPEAKER_L: I'm interested in a central and eastern europe, I mean, I lived in the Czech Republic, I lived in Georgia, the country in the Peace corps, so
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um That's funny. I had a roommate who was also in the Peace corps in the republic of Georgia and she always wanted to do the dinners with the line and all the you know. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oprah, that's pretty cool. Yeah. The roommate that was in peace for Georgia. Small world.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I mean 77 billion people you'd think it would seem a little bigger
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: know. And especially with, I mean with coronavirus, it's crazy. They're billions are dead. Just kidding.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. You look at like military security or is it like technology security or infrastructure?
SPEAKER_L: Well, basically focus on like the translation thing. Military muslim military security with the Russian focus. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Did you do you foresee any um yeah more conflict between the U. S. And Russia or uh
SPEAKER_L: Currently
SPEAKER_R: country?
SPEAKER_L: there's a conflict that's happening in Azerbaijan and Armenia, which is not good. Um It seems like Russia for once. It's kind of trying to be the mediator and that situation. But I think the biggest chance for Russia and the US to get into some sort of conflict would be over something, some mistake that happens doing military drills or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It seems like a lot of people are talking about china um Kind of being a threat. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yet
SPEAKER_R: The property.
SPEAKER_L: they're definitely doing more military build up um now than they ever have. But trying to kind of prefers to have a, you know, stability rather than instability. Whereas Russia seems to like create messing around here disability.
SPEAKER_R: That's kind of um It might sound a little strange but it's kind of comforting you know I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And what do you teach at the community college?
SPEAKER_R: I do the science stuff. Chemistry and physics.
SPEAKER_L: Oh cool. Yeah. I'm not the best at math. I am taking statistics class right now. Not my favorite, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I realized I never really did take much statistics. Um We have a guy there who makes it, everybody says he makes it really interesting which seems like mission impossible. But
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah I hear that all the time. People say like that don't you know I couldn't I couldn't do the math and not you know take your cars or whatever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I can't Exactly. I'm not good at math. I just don't know. I've never focused enough on it.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I know grad school keeps you very busy. Right? Yeah we um it's kind of coming back to me we spent tonight with you know the guy hosted us who was a grad student and he. Mhm. He ate that. What's it called? The one the thing that it's like the really like the instant meal. All you need is in here. It's
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: morning
SPEAKER_R: of like what?
SPEAKER_L: An MRI
SPEAKER_R: Um Nobody like the powder. It kind of reminds you like the movie like um instant green as people or something. That's the right name. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: going like green, I was just called Soylent or something. Is that the name of the
SPEAKER_L: Soylent
SPEAKER_R: product?
SPEAKER_L: Green.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but the the actual real world product that people have now is um I think it's called Soylent but I don't remember if they got their name from the movie which would be a weird marketing choice but like it's just like here's your meal, it's you know, it's a powder or it's like a little gatorade size bottle and like that's all you need, that's your nutrition. Um It's breaking milkshake, kind of like a slim fast but not for dieting I guess, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We get that because it's good for if you're a grand student you don't have time to make food.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. And you Yeah, yeah, that's that's why he liked I think. But he he had a typewriter that was, that was fun because nobody, nobody has those anymore.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. My mom has one. She fixed it up. Uh But she doesn't use that. She just hasn't for fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, just so satisfying to type on it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like, you know that's I don't know. Mhm. That time was probably better because more creativity because he needed a typewriter. People now can't focus that much. There's too much going on. Yeah. Find a
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: lack of creativity.
SPEAKER_R: The typewriter keeps you focused more or something like that or just more distractions.
SPEAKER_L: Technology. I feel like there were more interesting characters around. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've seen a guy on the, on the sidewalk who like writes poems about you. He says stop, I'll type out a poem about you on this typewriter. Oh. Uh huh. So what else are you passionate about? What would you spend your weekends doing if you had weekends?
SPEAKER_L: Um You say I go to the gym a lot. I like learning languages so whenever I have free time I studied different languages. I know Russian french german,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How do you keep them straight? Like I would be thrown one language word into the, you know when I was trying to speak the other one?
SPEAKER_L: right? Um Yeah, that's the that's the difficult part. You try to like I try to balance them. Like I'll watch news and french sometimes and I'll read some articles in Russian. Um German is the one I could speak german pretty well but I don't keep up with it because there's just, I don't know there's a lot of good sources in Germany like their Spiegel and stuff, some newspapers, but it just doesn't doesn't come up as much as Russian and french in mind studies.
SPEAKER_R: Okay um can you, can you see yourself becoming like um like an envoy or diplomat or there's some kind of uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean that's the goal first. I wanna, you know work
SPEAKER_R: problem?
SPEAKER_L: in the maybe a cryptologist for the army or something like that and then work my way into the diplomatic field. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um I got I got some other questions, I googled like an interesting questions and came up with some more um what laws is it okay to break? That was that was actually I came up with that one worth,
SPEAKER_L: Well um
SPEAKER_R: I thought that would be a good one if you're you know, going into diplomacy and you know, stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: okay, so if you're a diplomat, right? What laws are meant to be broken?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I mean do you jaywalk or do you start with that or did you see that Your
SPEAKER_L: Who is definitely um you don't do it in Poland. They don't like it in Poland. If you're going to break the law and jaywalk, I mean jaywalking in America usually not a big deal jay walking and Poland,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: you might get arrested. So try not
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: to break that law. It depends
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: where you're at.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like that how you if you pass on the right here like nobody cares but um they actually like you'll get arrested if you do it in Germany and that's how they keep the roads safe. Like I kind of like to see that happen here, Mark. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Because some of the drivers I was driving earlier, they just, it was like being idiot driver today. I don't know. Dad bad driving day. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I've gotten um we're out in the country and I don't I don't see enough other drivers too, you know, I'm never actually in traffic. It's just, you know, two lane roads and Uh huh. Would you, is it okay to steal if you're starving or if a company ripped you off, is it okay to steal from them?
SPEAKER_L: It depends who you're stealing from. Um Like if you steal from whole foods or something from amazon, I mean that's fine because they are basically robbing the country blind, you know, not
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: paying any taxes. So if someone is a homeless and they like I really need food, I would say probably go rob whole foods. You really ate food.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, I I heard the the number of the other day that Bezos with his increased wealth since the pandemic started, he could give each of his 800,000 employees and $100,000 bonus and you know, he'd still be as rich as he was in March for
SPEAKER_L: It doesn't uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, they're like, you know, nobody in this position would ever do that. But just that's why I could,
SPEAKER_L: like he has to sometimes, you know, you have to read that article like see that up. Maybe that's a good idea, but the reverend doesn't you know, register in his premium. You know, I mean I was I'm guilty as the rest of them. I mean I trade stocks but I'm a grad stomach for grad student trying to make an extra buck.
SPEAKER_R: right. You know, it's those extra bucks. Those are the ones that you can save, you know? Yeah. Um What's the worst advice you've received or given?
SPEAKER_L: the worst advice I received is
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah. I usually don't listen to people's advice. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Right. I guess you got to go.
SPEAKER_L: advising decisions. I mean going just going to grad school in a pandemic kind of was maybe it shouldn't have spent the money. Why? I don't know why I'm like doing online graduate school kind of cost benefit analysis to me is like maybe I shouldn't have that. But at the same time I like it,
SPEAKER_R: We don't have that kind of good times. Did you on that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: jobs are scarce but you know, being in the working world.
SPEAKER_R: And you can do it online. Yeah. What we're gonna say?
SPEAKER_L: but being in the working world prior to the school life is just so much easier. I think jobs are just easier than school. Like in in school and I always like your resume looks like this or do that. You know whenever you get a job, it's not not difficult to do the job, just are trained
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: properly.
SPEAKER_R: not sure. Mm. Uh Yeah, I guess in school you're constantly being graded and you have to, you feel like
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you okay.
SPEAKER_L: job too. But it's more of a the work is going to get done because you're getting paid money. Do you have that you no incentive, get the work done in a where a school, you know? Yeah, the grades going to matter, but I'm not getting paid. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: right. I guess that's a big difference. Yeah. Um Yeah, we had, we actually got a stipend for doing research and tutoring when I was in grad school, so that was nice. Yeah. Yeah, it was a lot of work. Um what influence do you to go to grad school or who has been a big influence on you or what have you read? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So when I was working in Peace Corps, then when I was out in the Czech Republic on a Fulbright, I just realized that the grants were out is the best route to go to get a good federal government job. So, but I'm not about the theory. Like the there's like I have one professor who is uh you know, he works in NATO and he has a lot of job experience and he's more of like a professional. Like he is grading is just make sure you get the work done and get the work done in a way that presents it so that the audience can understand what you're saying. And then there's the academic side nitpicks every little thing and the argument has to be this and that. And yeah. All right. Not tangible before. I was glad to present like the program I'm in is more of a professional program rather than an academic product. I prefer it. I mean, I love literature and stuff, but I don't
SPEAKER_R: They were all the better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like foreign policy theory and people that make up all these different theories. Like I just don't it's not really relevant. I don't think it's like humans make decisions based on scarce resources and so they want extra land. They want to do that. They just make decisions on, you know, if they're hungry or if they need something different, they don't make the people making the big foreign policy decisions are necessarily in the in the academic world making you know, revolutionary changes that are necessary. I just yes,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: like working in Peace Corps is tangible. You're working on the ground with the people, the academics, they're sitting in their ivory tower reading our news article or reading journals, trying to one up each other. Making arguments is just not that not helping the people on the ground.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I know what it's like to publish an article and have you know 80 people ever read it just so they can maybe cited in their work, you know? All right. But what about when you were younger like as a kid um have you remember like being swayed by or who you know see and be like wow and that person is interesting or impressive or something like that or what made you really uh opened up your mind or something like that?
SPEAKER_L: probably my, my english teacher and my senior year of high school, he was the one that really pushed me to, you know, you have good taste in literature and he's like, you know what? You can do big things if you try.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah, it seems like english teachers are pretty um pretty frequently, they're the ones who people talk about the last person I ask the questions you had the same answer.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. And I feel like that's the same thing that's going to happen with some of my students in Georgia. They're going to, they're gonna say an influence in their life and they're going to think about me guarantee it because a lot of them are tutored and maybe they still message me right now and then. Well we miss you so much. We miss your teacher.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah. Yeah, I got the messages every every now and then. That's that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's nice to get that
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. How often do you do you travel
SPEAKER_L: quite
SPEAKER_R: everything?
SPEAKER_L: when there's not a pandemic. I've been to Germany a few times. I've been to England France, Russia, Czech Republic Poland hungry ma. Just pretty much europe. Um I do kind of want to go to South America at some point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never I've never been there took um I don't know, but there must be less traffic in between, you know here and there in europe, but because like, and I know it took the, you know the pandemic a long time to get there, wow.
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking the travel will become normal again at some point soon. I don't, I'm I mean, I'm I wear the mask. I go in, you know, try not to go into crowds and do this, but I think the pandemic has been very overblown. It's sad. But this is In the 21st century, humans have developed this idea that like they're invincible and that they could live forever, but it's just not true nature is going to one way or another is gonna get you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: people. I don't like people taking the moral high ground saying that the liberals are saying that they think they're right about coronavirus and then the conservatives are just being contrarian and not wearing the mask. And it's just like, does everything have to become political? Can't you just
SPEAKER_R: right. It's like it wasn't what was everything, you know going on, It was still amazing to me to see that happen. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: right down party lines, you know the whole mask issue, but their senses like um you know, you're gonna die one way or another, you may maybe it might be covid it might not just, you know, it looks like
SPEAKER_L: My whole argument is that would you rather die locked up in your apartment doing nothing or would you rather have fun with your life? Go to a football game, like go to a trump rally, go to go to a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: to a metal concert, go to what do what
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you enjoy the idea that if you're out in public, you're killing somebody unintentionally. It's just not right. You can say that about everything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh Yeah and they do, I mean they do know like um it's pretty safe to be outdoors away from people. Um So I mean you can you can pretty safely do that and still like not even you know, have to worry much about, you know, if you're asymptomatic and spreading at or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's left in my opinion. And I'm I'm I'm to the left, I'm not even to the right, but it's a my opinion is that this is another way for the government to control people and tell them what to do and you shouldn't be telling people what they can and can't do.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And it's like the left botched it with that with that too because they tried to force it on people and you know, and they think people rejected it because they felt like it was being forced down their throats. But yeah, but I mean it seems also like they're stuck between a rock and a hard place because um yeah, I feel more comfortable and people were wearing masks and they, you know, they just weren't people, you know, literally half the people weren't going to do it and they didn't, they didn't care and didn't think, you know, it was a big issue and my my wife and My wife is high risk and I live with somebody else who is 70 years old and high risk, you know, I, you know, I want to take those professions as much as possible, but
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. And someone like you is going to take those precautions, right? That's the whole idea about it is that you have to let people choose what they're going to do because people are going to make decisions based on who they care about what they value. And somebody that values somebody else's life isn't going to go out and take the chances and risk somebody else dying. Right? Someone that's had a Like someone that's at a Trump rally for instance that person are they going home to their you know, 99 year old grandmother and like hugging them after most likely not right its risks. And and I mean when I came back home from the Czech Republic, I noticed that most of the people out in my community were older people. They weren't even like I barely saw younger people, the older people were the ones willing to actually take the risk,
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. My neighbors, you know, they They're they're they're older to probably 70 and they don't give them, they don't give enough, they they just go on and do everything they did before. They don't take any protective measures or anything. Yeah. When you when you started talking about your view, it made me um I got um bob Dylan's where it came strong strongly to mind. He was talking about the you know that you know everybody sheltering with and what is it like go you know duck cover and hide or whatever when the nuclear bombs fall.
SPEAKER_L: Hard rain's gonna fall
SPEAKER_R: Let me die in my footsteps before I go down
SPEAKER_L: underground.
SPEAKER_R: under the yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's just you have to let people choose what they I don't know it's just not right what's happening It's taking out humid like it's like the whole 2016 election thing blaming Russia for causing donald trump has become the president. No human beings have agency and they chose donald trump to be the president of the Russian government. Didn't Yeah I had to go like humans are zombies just going or like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think Noam Chomsky said like why is this a big deal? Like what the US Treasury, it does this with all the other countries elections all the time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So it's just another way that you know the left in my opinion is trying to take human agency out of it's just not right.
SPEAKER_R: They did um I don't know, I gotta kind of agree with facebook's decision to remove all the Cuban in group because like there's some point at which, you know, people just get sucked into that stuff and you know.
SPEAKER_L: right. There's a there's a point where the truth needs to be heard and it's a forum like facebook that is so big has the moral duty to protect like the public good. And if Cunanan is such a big problem it has to be, you can't let it like faster like that because it's just it's if they're not presenting the truth, if they are presenting the truth and it's something that yes, that's true, that whatever crazy theory then yeah, that don't take that away, but if it's really harming discourse to that extent, it's in their best interests to no
SPEAKER_R: Right. And I'm saying like a really kind of meta recursive um process by which people are trying to figure out what's true now, because you know, you used to have um you know Snopes and you just say uh that thing you posted, I I looked it up on Snopes, it's not true. But now people are saying well Snopes isn't accurate, You can't trust Snopes, who's gonna Snopes Snopes, you know? So um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: It's because the internet like the internet has turned people really because like I'm in the George kennan school of of thought, he was an american diplomat who was the ambassador to the soviet union and uh he wasn't there, he worked in the soviet union, but he
SPEAKER_R: cheap.
SPEAKER_L: was in the school of thought that you can't give all of the information to everybody because that's that in itself causes the discourse to become so crazy because most human beings are just not intelligent enough to discuss. It's not that they're not intelligent enough,
SPEAKER_R: Well what about agency, man? Come on. You just said people should have agency,
SPEAKER_L: But the majority of them are not they're not educated enough to choose what is correct and what is
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: they but that's an argument that they shouldn't have agency and the government should have been picked for them.
SPEAKER_L: what? No. But like, the public, like, there should be public institutions that present the truth as it is. There shouldn't be like, I know there's like,
SPEAKER_R: Like not the details about why the truth is the truth, but just, you know, here's the truth.
SPEAKER_L: like, Yeah, and it should be presented to like, there needs to be news that's just news that presents the truth so that people can it's not that thrown into one crazy side of the spectrum and none of the new sources we have do that now. None of the major outlets do that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been thinking about that, I totally agree. But then who decides what's the truth is that gets fed to everybody? Like uh is the president going to appoint a truth minister or something?
SPEAKER_L: you know, kind of that. But we but like, what I'm saying is like, enough people could have, but the dissemination of information is too much right now, It's too much for people to handle. And they need like, they need kind of guidance and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you can totally go down rabbit holes and you know, two hours later you're like oh that was that one issue. Um I guess there's other things going on in the world or whatever. Uh huh. No. Yeah, maybe there should be like levels of of you know, information like here's like the basic what we think is the truth here is the main details about why that is. And then if you wanted to go to go, you know deeper um
SPEAKER_L: because I think
SPEAKER_R: It's more analysis.
SPEAKER_L: it goes into a thing of like who's making the money like the mega churches that spread like just by jets and stuff like these people just want to make money like Alex jones, he doesn't believe anything
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: you he just wants to make money like rush Limbaugh realize a long time ago that the way he makes more money is by saying crazier and crazier things because it's more entertaining
SPEAKER_R: it's not
SPEAKER_L: donald trump has done the same thing to America. He realized that americans love to be entertained and it's there the things like what is the David Foster Wallace in his book, Infinite jest really pointed it out the best like americans will entertain themselves to death, found that niche. He realized that americans will love him and they're going to be obsessed with him if he runs for president and he is people think it's an idiot is a genius because he saw that and he exploited it. Alex jones exploits that rush Limbaugh exploits it the left now exploits it with their base and it's so easy.
SPEAKER_R: That is interesting. Yeah. Be entertained to death. Well uh
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: this is what's interesting um I think we're actually want to I actually got to do some stuff and I have a 5:00 PMclock appointment with somebody. So I think are we are we like done? I think we're
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I think you close
SPEAKER_R: for,
SPEAKER_L: it now maybe. I don't know I don't know how to. Let me check the directions. One second. Keep the video chat open the entire time blah blah blah. Make sure you keep the survey open your shop prior you know
SPEAKER_R: We just hit the arrow to go to the next thing.
SPEAKER_L: is there an arrow at the bottom? All right let me I'm going to click the air out. Yeah I did it. It says no issues, qualities. Good partner showed up chat for two.
SPEAKER_R: what in case you accidentally click next before you were done with your chat you can get back to your video chat here.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so I'm done with the chats on. Let's just put how many minutes was it? 45. 30 two. Okay I think disclosure now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay well good talk and take care.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have fun.