Yeah. How they?
Oh, I guess we're having a conversation.
All right. Can we just start talking about stuff?
The weather we are we're raining today, but the temperature is um it's bearable. We're in north Carolina. How about y'all?
Okay. I visited I went through there once for a conference. Yeah.
Yeah, I stayed in a pretty cool neighborhood.
Um Maybe it was near the, near college.
Um You know what? I don't remember pretty much about it. Um I don't know. It just kind of seemed like there was a lot of students there. It was like um it was one like Airbnb was starting, but like, I think we might have actually done couch surfing, which was like the free predecessor of of Airbnb.
Okay, that's good enough.
All right. So it's still going strong. Er It seems like like interest kind of just fell off when Airbnb started here at least. Uh
Okay, that makes sense. So what do you tell
alcohol?
Um I was in grad school and now I I teach to the community college. Yeah. What are you studying?
all right. So what do you um what are you finding out? Are you forming opinions or uh you're like a specific countries are
okay. Um That's funny. I had a roommate who was also in the Peace corps in the republic of Georgia and she always wanted to do the dinners with the line and all the you know. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. I mean 77 billion people you'd think it would seem a little bigger
but.
Uh huh. Yeah. You look at like military security or is it like technology security or infrastructure?
Did you do you foresee any um yeah more conflict between the U. S. And Russia or uh
country?
Okay. It seems like a lot of people are talking about china um Kind of being a threat. Okay.
The property.
That's kind of um It might sound a little strange but it's kind of comforting you know I guess. Yeah.
I do the science stuff. Chemistry and physics.
Yeah I realized I never really did take much statistics. Um We have a guy there who makes it, everybody says he makes it really interesting which seems like mission impossible. But
yeah. Yeah I hear that all the time. People say like that don't you know I couldn't I couldn't do the math and not you know take your cars or whatever. Yeah.
Right. I know grad school keeps you very busy. Right? Yeah we um it's kind of coming back to me we spent tonight with you know the guy hosted us who was a grad student and he. Mhm. He ate that. What's it called? The one the thing that it's like the really like the instant meal. All you need is in here. It's
kind
of like what?
Um Nobody like the powder. It kind of reminds you like the movie like um instant green as people or something. That's the right name. Um
going like green, I was just called Soylent or something. Is that the name of the
product?
Yeah, but the the actual real world product that people have now is um I think it's called Soylent but I don't remember if they got their name from the movie which would be a weird marketing choice but like it's just like here's your meal, it's you know, it's a powder or it's like a little gatorade size bottle and like that's all you need, that's your nutrition. Um It's breaking milkshake, kind of like a slim fast but not for dieting I guess, but
Right, right. And you Yeah, yeah, that's that's why he liked I think. But he he had a typewriter that was, that was fun because nobody, nobody has those anymore.
yeah, just so satisfying to type on it, you know?
mm
The typewriter keeps you focused more or something like that or just more distractions.
Yeah. I've seen a guy on the, on the sidewalk who like writes poems about you. He says stop, I'll type out a poem about you on this typewriter. Oh. Uh huh. So what else are you passionate about? What would you spend your weekends doing if you had weekends?
Yeah. How do you keep them straight? Like I would be thrown one language word into the, you know when I was trying to speak the other one?
Okay um can you, can you see yourself becoming like um like an envoy or diplomat or there's some kind of uh
problem?
Um I got I got some other questions, I googled like an interesting questions and came up with some more um what laws is it okay to break? That was that was actually I came up with that one worth,
I thought that would be a good one if you're you know, going into diplomacy and you know, stuff like that.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I mean do you jaywalk or do you start with that or did you see that Your
but
no
thanks.
Yeah, I like that how you if you pass on the right here like nobody cares but um they actually like you'll get arrested if you do it in Germany and that's how they keep the roads safe. Like I kind of like to see that happen here, Mark. Uh
Oh yeah, I've gotten um we're out in the country and I don't I don't see enough other drivers too, you know, I'm never actually in traffic. It's just, you know, two lane roads and Uh huh. Would you, is it okay to steal if you're starving or if a company ripped you off, is it okay to steal from them?
But
Uh huh. Yeah, I I heard the the number of the other day that Bezos with his increased wealth since the pandemic started, he could give each of his 800,000 employees and $100,000 bonus and you know, he'd still be as rich as he was in March for
I'm like, they're like, you know, nobody in this position would ever do that. But just that's why I could,
right. You know, it's those extra bucks. Those are the ones that you can save, you know? Yeah. Um What's the worst advice you've received or given?
And
Uh huh. Right. I guess you got to go.
We don't have that kind of good times. Did you on that? Yeah.
And you can do it online. Yeah. What we're gonna say?
I'm
not sure. Mm. Uh Yeah, I guess in school you're constantly being graded and you have to, you feel like
you okay.
right. I guess that's a big difference. Yeah. Um Yeah, we had, we actually got a stipend for doing research and tutoring when I was in grad school, so that was nice. Yeah. Yeah, it was a lot of work. Um what influence do you to go to grad school or who has been a big influence on you or what have you read? Yeah.
They were all the better.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, I know what it's like to publish an article and have you know 80 people ever read it just so they can maybe cited in their work, you know? All right. But what about when you were younger like as a kid um have you remember like being swayed by or who you know see and be like wow and that person is interesting or impressive or something like that or what made you really uh opened up your mind or something like that?
All right. Yeah, it seems like english teachers are pretty um pretty frequently, they're the ones who people talk about the last person I ask the questions you had the same answer.
All right. Yeah. Yeah, I got the messages every every now and then. That's that's nice.
Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. How often do you do you travel
everything?
Yeah, I've never I've never been there took um I don't know, but there must be less traffic in between, you know here and there in europe, but because like, and I know it took the, you know the pandemic a long time to get there, wow.
All
right. It's like it wasn't what was everything, you know going on, It was still amazing to me to see that happen. Yeah,
right down party lines, you know the whole mask issue, but their senses like um you know, you're gonna die one way or another, you may maybe it might be covid it might not just, you know, it looks like
huh.
No.
Yeah. Uh Yeah and they do, I mean they do know like um it's pretty safe to be outdoors away from people. Um So I mean you can you can pretty safely do that and still like not even you know, have to worry much about, you know, if you're asymptomatic and spreading at or whatever.
Right. And it's like the left botched it with that with that too because they tried to force it on people and you know, and they think people rejected it because they felt like it was being forced down their throats. But yeah, but I mean it seems also like they're stuck between a rock and a hard place because um yeah, I feel more comfortable and people were wearing masks and they, you know, they just weren't people, you know, literally half the people weren't going to do it and they didn't, they didn't care and didn't think, you know, it was a big issue and my my wife and My wife is high risk and I live with somebody else who is 70 years old and high risk, you know, I, you know, I want to take those professions as much as possible, but
That's interesting. My neighbors, you know, they They're they're they're older to probably 70 and they don't give them, they don't give enough, they they just go on and do everything they did before. They don't take any protective measures or anything. Yeah. When you when you started talking about your view, it made me um I got um bob Dylan's where it came strong strongly to mind. He was talking about the you know that you know everybody sheltering with and what is it like go you know duck cover and hide or whatever when the nuclear bombs fall.
Let me die in my footsteps before I go down
under the yeah.
Yeah. I think Noam Chomsky said like why is this a big deal? Like what the US Treasury, it does this with all the other countries elections all the time. Mhm.
They did um I don't know, I gotta kind of agree with facebook's decision to remove all the Cuban in group because like there's some point at which, you know, people just get sucked into that stuff and you know.
Right. And I'm saying like a really kind of meta recursive um process by which people are trying to figure out what's true now, because you know, you used to have um you know Snopes and you just say uh that thing you posted, I I looked it up on Snopes, it's not true. But now people are saying well Snopes isn't accurate, You can't trust Snopes, who's gonna Snopes Snopes, you know? So um Yeah,
cheap.
Well what about agency, man? Come on. You just said people should have agency,
so
they but that's an argument that they shouldn't have agency and the government should have been picked for them.
Like not the details about why the truth is the truth, but just, you know, here's the truth.
Yeah, I've been thinking about that, I totally agree. But then who decides what's the truth is that gets fed to everybody? Like uh is the president going to appoint a truth minister or something?
Yeah, you can totally go down rabbit holes and you know, two hours later you're like oh that was that one issue. Um I guess there's other things going on in the world or whatever. Uh huh. No. Yeah, maybe there should be like levels of of you know, information like here's like the basic what we think is the truth here is the main details about why that is. And then if you wanted to go to go, you know deeper um
It's more analysis.
All
it's not
That is interesting. Yeah. Be entertained to death. Well uh
this is what's interesting um I think we're actually want to I actually got to do some stuff and I have a 5:00 PMclock appointment with somebody. So I think are we are we like done? I think we're
for,
We just hit the arrow to go to the next thing.
what in case you accidentally click next before you were done with your chat you can get back to your video chat here.
okay well good talk and take care.