what's going on,
yep, conversation time,
I guess so, I guess we'll start with the usual. What's the weather like, where you're at?
I'm up in Pittsburgh.
nice.
Did you stay in shady side,
was it near Pittsburgh Chatham?
I think our serving is still around too.
Yeah, because I was living in the Czech Republic before this, and uh people love check, people are all about couchsurfing, like if you tried couchsurfing, do you couch surf? Yeah,
Yeah, I'm not sure couchsurfing, it's not as popular with americans as it is with Europeans, I know that,
I'm in grad school at the University of Pittsburgh.
Yeah, how about you?
um uh Security and Intelligence Studies, Master Republican, International Policy. Yeah, so it's kind of a lot of work, but pretty good fun.
I'm interested in a central and eastern europe, I mean, I lived in the Czech Republic, I lived in Georgia, the country in the Peace corps, so
Oprah, that's pretty cool. Yeah. The roommate that was in peace for Georgia. Small world.
I
know. And especially with, I mean with coronavirus, it's crazy. They're billions are dead. Just kidding.
Well, basically focus on like the translation thing. Military muslim military security with the Russian focus. Mhm.
Currently
there's a conflict that's happening in Azerbaijan and Armenia, which is not good. Um It seems like Russia for once. It's kind of trying to be the mediator and that situation. But I think the biggest chance for Russia and the US to get into some sort of conflict would be over something, some mistake that happens doing military drills or something like that.
Yet
they're definitely doing more military build up um now than they ever have. But trying to kind of prefers to have a, you know, stability rather than instability. Whereas Russia seems to like create messing around here disability.
And what do you teach at the community college?
Oh cool. Yeah. I'm not the best at math. I am taking statistics class right now. Not my favorite, but
thank you.
I can't Exactly. I'm not good at math. I just don't know. I've never focused enough on it.
Good
morning
An MRI
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Soylent
Green.
Yeah. We get that because it's good for if you're a grand student you don't have time to make food.
No. Yeah. My mom has one. She fixed it up. Uh But she doesn't use that. She just hasn't for fun.
Yeah. I feel like, you know that's I don't know. Mhm. That time was probably better because more creativity because he needed a typewriter. People now can't focus that much. There's too much going on. Yeah. Find a
lack of creativity.
Technology. I feel like there were more interesting characters around. I don't know.
Um You say I go to the gym a lot. I like learning languages so whenever I have free time I studied different languages. I know Russian french german,
right? Um Yeah, that's the that's the difficult part. You try to like I try to balance them. Like I'll watch news and french sometimes and I'll read some articles in Russian. Um German is the one I could speak german pretty well but I don't keep up with it because there's just, I don't know there's a lot of good sources in Germany like their Spiegel and stuff, some newspapers, but it just doesn't doesn't come up as much as Russian and french in mind studies.
Yeah, I mean that's the goal first. I wanna, you know work
in the maybe a cryptologist for the army or something like that and then work my way into the diplomatic field. Okay.
Well um
okay, so if you're a diplomat, right? What laws are meant to be broken?
Who is definitely um you don't do it in Poland. They don't like it in Poland. If you're going to break the law and jaywalk, I mean jaywalking in America usually not a big deal jay walking and Poland,
you might get arrested. So try not
to break that law. It depends
where you're at.
Because some of the drivers I was driving earlier, they just, it was like being idiot driver today. I don't know. Dad bad driving day. Right?
It depends who you're stealing from. Um Like if you steal from whole foods or something from amazon, I mean that's fine because they are basically robbing the country blind, you know, not
paying any taxes. So if someone is a homeless and they like I really need food, I would say probably go rob whole foods. You really ate food.
It doesn't uh
like he has to sometimes, you know, you have to read that article like see that up. Maybe that's a good idea, but the reverend doesn't you know, register in his premium. You know, I mean I was I'm guilty as the rest of them. I mean I trade stocks but I'm a grad stomach for grad student trying to make an extra buck.
the worst advice I received is
I don't know. Yeah. I usually don't listen to people's advice. Uh huh
advising decisions. I mean going just going to grad school in a pandemic kind of was maybe it shouldn't have spent the money. Why? I don't know why I'm like doing online graduate school kind of cost benefit analysis to me is like maybe I shouldn't have that. But at the same time I like it,
jobs are scarce but you know, being in the working world.
but being in the working world prior to the school life is just so much easier. I think jobs are just easier than school. Like in in school and I always like your resume looks like this or do that. You know whenever you get a job, it's not not difficult to do the job, just are trained
properly.
I mean, yeah,
job too. But it's more of a the work is going to get done because you're getting paid money. Do you have that you no incentive, get the work done in a where a school, you know? Yeah, the grades going to matter, but I'm not getting paid. Uh huh.
So when I was working in Peace Corps, then when I was out in the Czech Republic on a Fulbright, I just realized that the grants were out is the best route to go to get a good federal government job. So, but I'm not about the theory. Like the there's like I have one professor who is uh you know, he works in NATO and he has a lot of job experience and he's more of like a professional. Like he is grading is just make sure you get the work done and get the work done in a way that presents it so that the audience can understand what you're saying. And then there's the academic side nitpicks every little thing and the argument has to be this and that. And yeah. All right. Not tangible before. I was glad to present like the program I'm in is more of a professional program rather than an academic product. I prefer it. I mean, I love literature and stuff, but I don't
Yeah, like foreign policy theory and people that make up all these different theories. Like I just don't it's not really relevant. I don't think it's like humans make decisions based on scarce resources and so they want extra land. They want to do that. They just make decisions on, you know, if they're hungry or if they need something different, they don't make the people making the big foreign policy decisions are necessarily in the in the academic world making you know, revolutionary changes that are necessary. I just yes,
like working in Peace Corps is tangible. You're working on the ground with the people, the academics, they're sitting in their ivory tower reading our news article or reading journals, trying to one up each other. Making arguments is just not that not helping the people on the ground.
probably my, my english teacher and my senior year of high school, he was the one that really pushed me to, you know, you have good taste in literature and he's like, you know what? You can do big things if you try.
yeah, yeah. And I feel like that's the same thing that's going to happen with some of my students in Georgia. They're going to, they're gonna say an influence in their life and they're going to think about me guarantee it because a lot of them are tutored and maybe they still message me right now and then. Well we miss you so much. We miss your teacher.
Yeah, it's nice to get that
quite
when there's not a pandemic. I've been to Germany a few times. I've been to England France, Russia, Czech Republic Poland hungry ma. Just pretty much europe. Um I do kind of want to go to South America at some point.
I'm thinking the travel will become normal again at some point soon. I don't, I'm I mean, I'm I wear the mask. I go in, you know, try not to go into crowds and do this, but I think the pandemic has been very overblown. It's sad. But this is In the 21st century, humans have developed this idea that like they're invincible and that they could live forever, but it's just not true nature is going to one way or another is gonna get you
people. I don't like people taking the moral high ground saying that the liberals are saying that they think they're right about coronavirus and then the conservatives are just being contrarian and not wearing the mask. And it's just like, does everything have to become political? Can't you just
Thanks.
My whole argument is that would you rather die locked up in your apartment doing nothing or would you rather have fun with your life? Go to a football game, like go to a trump rally, go to go to a
to a metal concert, go to what do what
you enjoy the idea that if you're out in public, you're killing somebody unintentionally. It's just not right. You can say that about everything. Mhm.
Yeah. It's left in my opinion. And I'm I'm I'm to the left, I'm not even to the right, but it's a my opinion is that this is another way for the government to control people and tell them what to do and you shouldn't be telling people what they can and can't do.
Exactly. And someone like you is going to take those precautions, right? That's the whole idea about it is that you have to let people choose what they're going to do because people are going to make decisions based on who they care about what they value. And somebody that values somebody else's life isn't going to go out and take the chances and risk somebody else dying. Right? Someone that's had a Like someone that's at a Trump rally for instance that person are they going home to their you know, 99 year old grandmother and like hugging them after most likely not right its risks. And and I mean when I came back home from the Czech Republic, I noticed that most of the people out in my community were older people. They weren't even like I barely saw younger people, the older people were the ones willing to actually take the risk,
Hard rain's gonna fall
underground.
it's just you have to let people choose what they I don't know it's just not right what's happening It's taking out humid like it's like the whole 2016 election thing blaming Russia for causing donald trump has become the president. No human beings have agency and they chose donald trump to be the president of the Russian government. Didn't Yeah I had to go like humans are zombies just going or like
So it's just another way that you know the left in my opinion is trying to take human agency out of it's just not right.
right. There's a there's a point where the truth needs to be heard and it's a forum like facebook that is so big has the moral duty to protect like the public good. And if Cunanan is such a big problem it has to be, you can't let it like faster like that because it's just it's if they're not presenting the truth, if they are presenting the truth and it's something that yes, that's true, that whatever crazy theory then yeah, that don't take that away, but if it's really harming discourse to that extent, it's in their best interests to no
It's because the internet like the internet has turned people really because like I'm in the George kennan school of of thought, he was an american diplomat who was the ambassador to the soviet union and uh he wasn't there, he worked in the soviet union, but he
was in the school of thought that you can't give all of the information to everybody because that's that in itself causes the discourse to become so crazy because most human beings are just not intelligent enough to discuss. It's not that they're not intelligent enough,
But the majority of them are not they're not educated enough to choose what is correct and what is
not
what? No. But like, the public, like, there should be public institutions that present the truth as it is. There shouldn't be like, I know there's like,
like, Yeah, and it should be presented to like, there needs to be news that's just news that presents the truth so that people can it's not that thrown into one crazy side of the spectrum and none of the new sources we have do that now. None of the major outlets do that,
you know, kind of that. But we but like, what I'm saying is like, enough people could have, but the dissemination of information is too much right now, It's too much for people to handle. And they need like, they need kind of guidance and
because I think
it goes into a thing of like who's making the money like the mega churches that spread like just by jets and stuff like these people just want to make money like Alex jones, he doesn't believe anything
you he just wants to make money like rush Limbaugh realize a long time ago that the way he makes more money is by saying crazier and crazier things because it's more entertaining
donald trump has done the same thing to America. He realized that americans love to be entertained and it's there the things like what is the David Foster Wallace in his book, Infinite jest really pointed it out the best like americans will entertain themselves to death, found that niche. He realized that americans will love him and they're going to be obsessed with him if he runs for president and he is people think it's an idiot is a genius because he saw that and he exploited it. Alex jones exploits that rush Limbaugh exploits it the left now exploits it with their base and it's so easy.
I am.
Yeah I think I think you close
it now maybe. I don't know I don't know how to. Let me check the directions. One second. Keep the video chat open the entire time blah blah blah. Make sure you keep the survey open your shop prior you know
is there an arrow at the bottom? All right let me I'm going to click the air out. Yeah I did it. It says no issues, qualities. Good partner showed up chat for two.
Okay so I'm done with the chats on. Let's just put how many minutes was it? 45. 30 two. Okay I think disclosure now. Yeah.
Yeah. Have fun.