I'm
turning the music down. What's up?
Super. Oh God, is it? I'm backlit as hell
Ha!
All right, awesome. So are you excited about this exercise?
It kind of seems
like they're just trying to introduce people to each other,
but this is awesome. So I have a cool video chat partner,
I'm pretty excited about
this. Maybe if I turn this bad boy off. Oh god. Oh I know the problem. Oh this is very interesting
and bizarre.
Um It actually didn't choose my fancy webcam, it shows the built in and that's why I look like crap.
Well I can see mostly so that's what's important, so um be friendly, respectful and have fun. Oh that's too difficult.
It didn't really
say what to do.
Yeah let's go 23, but there's probably so far so um
I'm pretty excited about how much this is going to pay.
Yeah.
Uh Probably only like a few months. I'm disappointed that I didn't know about respondent or prolific or anything else like that. Like I was just taking forever and just constantly getting screened out of shit was
just
like, no.
I'm just happy with the quality. Only recently have I had something fail? And that's because they were using inquisitive and I do not recommend anybody using quiz it ever. It's horrible.
So yeah. All right. So other than this, what do you have planned
for today? Yeah.
That's freaking awesome.
Wait, So you got scheduled for 1?
That's freaking awesome.
Well, I'm excited for you. Okay,
write
the bills,
don't stop.
I checked. And I had to go to Turkey because that's the only one that had stuff I'm like with my family and they're all like just being dumb and like because they wanted to go to the sling shot, you know that thing that right, you right up and I'm like, well the woman, that icon park isn't built yet. So why are we at this little dinky one? But there's a video
online and it's priceless.
So it was worth it. But I'm in the van like trying to do surveys for 15 cents just to pass the fucking
time. It was, it
was sad because I did open prolific and it's that freaking little mug with cocoa and
I'm just like, Mhm.
What I found to be funny is like, uh huh I have to lie about my demographics on mturk all the time
and
with websites that are, well, it's cool because on enter tweet, they'll let you know, like didn't qualify, didn't qualify. So I'll look at their username to go, I wonder what color they are Or one color they put. Um and I usually get it, but um with prolific, it's like set. So I asked me if I was pregnant, I was like, yeah, sure. Why not
prolific. You know the set questions, The democrats. So you don't have qualifiers. It was like, are you pregnant? I'm like, yeah, sure,
And when you take like maybe a month break and you're pregnant again,
I don't think they check and I don't think that it will undo itself after nine months is kind of what I'm thinking.
Oh, I didn't know this.
I found it odd that I answered the question about instruments and for some reason that one was undone. Like a few days ago.
It was like, how long have you been playing instruments and the
office
for
years?
I guess they just decided, well what's funny is during the break, the, like the holiday thing, I didn't play anything and I was like, oh, shoot, I should try and practice some more.
I'm
playing bass and guitar right now.
And
that's fun.
That's true. That's true. I don't think anybody would. I mean they might, but
Yeah.
I am in Orlando. Yeah.
No.
that's
fun.
No. Yeah. See,
see I keep telling myself, yeah, I
could move to a place with a better walk ability score or I could, you know, move to a place that's colder. Which most of them better have a better walk ability score. No, I can't do it. I can't do it. It got to like, I don't know, 30 and I was like, Oh, I can't,
I can't
and like plants don't, some plants like to call, but a lot of plants don't. So I think my avocado trees dying. I'm pretty upset.
Different
from not 85 Squirrel.
it is weird.
They
learn,
Yeah, I'm from here. Yeah.
Yeah,
It's a it's something. Yeah.
Mine says 16 minutes left
and
Yeah, mine says it's gonna show a timer, but it doesn't, however, I just went to Google and did a timer for 25 minutes.
So we're at 16.
A two hour timer.
I
don't
have one.
Wait, is the last sentence on that page? Remember to keep up the conversation for at least 25 minutes.
Oh shit. I ain't get no timer here.
Dude, I was going to stream on twitch and then I was like, you know what? I should do prolific because it's more
problem.
Um, I usually do art streams. Sometimes I do game streams, but my ex stole my PC. So I don't have a graphics card right now for my new one. And that's a very, very integral part of game playing. Uh huh.
I thought I was gonna do it is like an old crappy webcam and just like pointed at the tv because because I like to play switch games. So it's, I'm like, what is the easiest way to do this? I don't have a capture card, I don't have a graphics card. I don't know what I can do webcam.
So I don't know. I was thinking about testing this rather not very good pawnshop laptop and you know, like cooking or something. I haven't done that on twitter yet, so
no,
no, it's funny stream labs won't even recognize this webcam so I don't know how this software. So the person um let me look at this survey. What does it say, person? Person.
what is the person's name? I'm looking for their email. It doesn't even say better up labs. Okay. So better out lives. Um, you might want to give people the option to edit the settings. Um, because it didn't give me an option at all. And I don't see flash settings anywhere, so this might not be slashed. I don't know.
Great.
Like Microsoft and not being an ass. It was really great. So I guess I am pretty versed in this stuff.
I think it's probably, Oh,
I would guess it's got to be a I related. Um, or like, I suppose like we're lab rats other than that. I can't really think of
anything.
So it's got to be like the influence on your mood. I'm socializing with people, even if you don't know them, something like that.
I don't know.
I'm going to try and make it brighter in here. Yeah,
little bit.
They better not complain about my left camp because I didn't get the option.
I don't have anybody home right now now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
12
Mhm
All
Go black guys.
volume and I will continue
no.
And
I'm
pretty
amazing.
That's awesome.
I was just sick. Um I live in the same county my whole life. Um Oh damn it.
Okay, well I just found out that I could do Cameron microphone settings so they won't, they won't let me manage it unless I refresh and I'm not doing that. So
Um I lived in the same county my whole 27 years, I got divorced and I think gym class when it started, I was I was the victim um countless Polonius things and I'm not a bad person. So I don't like want people to get in trouble. I mean if I was really serious and I thought my life was in danger and stuff, I would have definitely gone to the police. I mean I filed police reports, but I don't want to see somebody and record their whole life just because they're young and being dumb. So I had my house stolen for me. So that was great. It was a trailer. Um, and so only recently have become a house person.
So, um, this is, I was parking on this lot and um, now I'm, now I'm in the house, I'm gonna try and buy my first house probably this year. That might have enough. Um, so I don't know. I'm not sure if we're building it like with a pre pre made kit or whatever, but yeah, basically I uh I stream on twitch and stuff and I do surveys and I make enough to get by and I don't have a commute, I don't have to answer to anyone, so that's pretty awesome.
What?
I don't have a car either. Oh my god, this is so great. Dude, you got right right down my twitch so I can talk to you about how the world revolves around vehicles.
I'm not awesome. Oh
It's weird and painful, but I'm okay. I'm just like and surprised how resilient humans are also surprised about how horrible humans can be when you think, you know somebody and you don't, it's like, oh my god.
Have
thought
Um no, I actually um started in 2011 and 2012 making adult content and um but I just like do safer worse stuff on the side because either people are gonna ask too many questions
they don't want to know the answers to but they really don't or um they're not gonna understand so you can have both. Okay there are like something to put on your resume you know? So.
Yeah but I have pretty much, I mean I'm I'm gonna probably fill up my glass door profile just so I can get enough just so I can get a house. But um I do a pretty good job saving on my own so I probably almost have a down payment. So I have to like daily it's kind of like a question of whether I should get into the regular workforce or not because like um I just don't I don't think it would bode well with me. I mean I worked at Taco Bell for a little while but I was a team so um and it was horrible, so I'm like oh yeah I feel I really feel bad for people, like I'm super privileged. It's not even funny, like I'm so lucky, like I'm so lucky that when my house got stolen I wasn't homeless for very long. So
and
um no I was just running. So I was in the parking lot of my old apartment complex and this guy was harassing me online because I said that I want to park on your lot and give you money and he was contacting me the picture I put was super blurry. You couldn't even tell it was me either. Um So I don't know why he was harassing me but he was and I was complaining to a friend of a friend of the parking lot. So this friend was like yeah you probably don't need to be treated like that, do you want to park on my ex girlfriends a lot? Like she has a lot of it's in the ghetto so there's no rules really like just be nice and I'm like I'm like yes,
so I literally thought my trailer park here a few months later, I get served divorce papers um I'm getting like verbally abused and shit, I'm just like wow this is fucked up. And then um he only stopped harassing me a month ago so basically trailer went to impound took my name off the title without lying to the judge and said he was going to cooperate. They were like oh contempt of court this and that still $2000 from the bank account. Oh my god, So we thought he was gonna get it for free, it's it's still an impound I think that it's accrued $3,000 or something
so um I mean it was it was swift and painful and he still was harassing me three months later after giving me papers and I'm just like why it's final like really good bye. So um yeah he's just it was just shady and stuff and it's just not good. It helped me because now I know what I deserve so that's nice
but oh god I'm so glad. It's funny
funny let's just say that
is like the nonprofit you work for, is it like a church or something?
obviously.
huh. That's pretty awesome.
First.
It is not often that I hear people using their degree for what it was intended kind of.
All
I don't know who the heck is deciding what the curriculum is for some of these things
because it just seems like a way for them to make money on stuff that I've sat in on. I'm just like, wow, this is not relevant or this is eighth grade stuff. Why are you teaching this now?
With
no, I mean if if grain crops for beer, like the main domestic beer companies in America can get subsidized, why can't college?
I think that's the government subsidizing it in one way or another. So yeah, I don't, I I think that they need to make dual enrollment available for every kid everywhere and at least the form of online classes because I got some of my college education through dual enrollment and it wasn't extra time out of the professors day, they were still getting paid stuff like that. And the books are way overpriced. This is a problem
releasing auditions when you don't need to be releasing editions because there's no change.
Oh, I don't see, my cousin warned me. She was like, don't worry if you get kind of bad grades in high school, just go to the community college. And then she, she has like a decent four oh one K. And stuff now. And I'm just like, you know what? She gave me the most solid advice about this college like anybody ever did. Um, so I think I have like six grand. Um, and,
and I don't, I'd rather buy a house and pay that off honestly because living a, so, so back to the weird situation. Uh huh. Um So I'm living with my boyfriend and his next girlfriend. She kicked him out even though he put secure the loan, sorry, trying to make sure nobody is here. Um Um did like at least $16,000 in labor. Um stuff like that. His name is not so he's like, that should have been a red flag
there. But he was like, dude, I can't find anything for less than 1000 a month. Yes,
it might be time.
So she accepted him back in. And then I show up and I'm like, well, I guess I'm paying rent. She was like, okay.
But it's no, because I don't know if you've ever had roommates, but it's like if they're super O. C. D. It's fucking issue.
Are
they dirty?
All
I know
the
box.
You
call
me.
I was being hard to probably clean the place is a fucking wreck. She's going to be so angry. So if you want to see me at any time in the future, if you're bored and you want to see my art show, it's um, rosacea creates that live. So by saying, yeah, I had a good conversation,
bye.