Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh Mhm Yeah, I think that at this point, yeah. Yeah.
How's
it going?
Hey?
It's fine. Don't worry about it.
I am. But I also don't feel like I know what I'm doing. Do you regret?
That's
weird.
There
you go.
what's
up?
It's fine. Don't worry about it.
Did it give you a prompt or anything or is it just like talk basically?
All
Cool, that's fine. So we're just gonna talk for 25 minutes. It will be good.
Where are you from?
There you go. Are you on the prolific? Is that the same? Yeah. Sweet. Yeah.
How long have you been doing prolific?
I
don't know.
It's ridiculous. Yeah. The same way. It's like this is so much better. I think I got on in july, you know, it took a couple months break in the middle of just like everything was getting busy but like you know it's been it's been so amazing recently. Yeah.
there you go.
It's
funny I actually I feel like today is like a full time survey survey day in like an hour and a half have like another like a $30 like one of those like you know 60 minute chat survey things. Yeah,
I'm excited about that. Yeah.
it's like a blemish thing. Um It's through swag bucks. I don't know it basically you do like a prequalified survey and then it's like oh yeah here's this like 60 minute thing you pay $30 with, so it's pretty dope. Yeah,
I'll take it.
but it's gonna be a long day, I'm like holy crap, I wasn't planning on spending this much time doing shit and then I saw
40
jump
on it. Yeah. Anyway. But yeah like christmas was so bad with it because there was like no surveys for like three basically three weeks straight. I don't know if you experience that. But you know.
That's
hilarious.
Truly
we
have.
That's great. But I'd rather have a survey. Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
yeah. Because they want
Ireland.
Was ever entered for
But that's a weird coffee because that's only true for like, like you obviously have to update because it's only going to be true for nine months at most, you know, whenever, depending on that
true. Fair enough. I guess. Yeah.
I don't know. I feel like I've had to update certain profile questions where they like asked, I've had to answer the same questions that every once in a while because they, you know, you have to update like the about you every once in a while. But
Yeah, you should check because that will help like everyone's although like you'll go and you'll see your your like profiles only like 96% complete because they'll just make
great.
Like that
no longer
applies
anymore. Like No.
Yeah. So what
do you play?
No, 33 Yeah. I'm not not a musician at heart. I did one of those like stupid
high school like, you know, being a garage band type of thing where I play the drums, but
that was I'm not going to call myself a musician because I did that for nine months.
Not not me. Um So, yeah. What uh
where you at?
Much better where I met him in Chicago? Very
cold very quickly. So not fun it
during
the summer when you don't have to like sweat like crazy, but during the winter not fun at all.
What?
Mhm.
No,
that's hilarious.
No, no, that's a bummer. Yeah,
I was wrong.
I was down in Tallahassee uh mid december to visit my grandma. Um Yeah, I just got married in april and uh Yeah, thanks. My wife hadn't gotten a chance to go meet her yet because she's like 85 years old and did not want her. Yeah. Probably a woman who didn't want to go travel for her grandfather's wedding, but so we wanted to go visit and just like, you know spend like pre christmas with her. That was fun. But it's also like, wow, they're complaining because it's 60 degrees outside and what so weird. But
yeah. Anyway, are
you
from Orlando? Are you just like they're on vacation right now?
Sleep. Huh?
I think.
Well how we doing on time? I'm just around okay.
Yeah. Mine doesn't say how much is left. Mine is an upward counter. That's weird. I have, I am 10 minutes into a 25 minutes. So it's basically the same. It's just, it's
weird.
No,
no, the timers on the, like the bottom of like the other page that like, like the actual survey site itself. So it's just on the bottom of that page. But it doesn't,
no, no the 20
or
more
anyway. I don't know, things are weird.
No, there's oh yeah it is. And then on the bottom of that before the arrow is the timer.
That's what hmm, interesting.
There you go.
What do you dream?
makeup
There you go.
There you are. Well protest. obviously you know this don't use this webcam because pretty
green but you know
it doesn't take anything.
All I know is that I click the button that said allow webcam and like I am not as checked every of even in terms of like recording
and any event but it's not.
there you go. So what the heck do you think this is about? Why do you think? What's why are they paying us money to talk to strangers? Okay.
I was yeah. Mhm.
the
only questions I asked was like pre survey pretty like this call was like how are you feeling right now basically and one other question they forget. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Oh. Mhm. That's a
little bit better. That's fine.
No, it's fine. So are you right now? Are you with family right now?
Go to bed. Yeah.
Yes. Kind
of random. 12 minutes. So
my life, I grew up in Virginia. Um
That was a good state, It's perfect for like weather and all that when you look at Ohio State because I, even though I liked the state, I didn't like high school and I didn't want to be around anyone who I grew up with, so yes, no one from your high school is going to Ohio State. Let
me go there, went there. That was a
Bill Bucks. Yeah, they lost the playoff game pretty sadly a couple weeks ago, but that's fine. What are you doing?
Um And then, yeah, I went to school for finance and operations
and then did none of that, at least for the first couple years out of college. Um And now I'm working
for a religious nonprofit, doing like finance stuff basically keeping their books and well yeah, doing donor statements and all that fun stuff, which most people
think,
but
I'm gifted, so works for me.
What about you? What's your minute long life story?
what?
I want to know everything up with it.
There you go.
There you go. That is sweet. Yeah, that's cool. Even just like treating my head from working from home for like a
couple of days a week and so like so awesome and I know like I don't have a car and you know, you're right, that walk ability score.
Yeah, it really does. But you know when you live in a big city, you're able to make it work and we have upstairs neighbor Syria really close friends of ours, so if I ever need to borrow the car, like they let us. That's really nice.
But yeah, sorry to hear. That's a bummer with just like all of life sometimes sucks and they get them.
Yeah, that makes sense. Uh Well, yeah. So have you always
done
like the, like, is this like, you know, twitch prolific all that? Is that like a pretty like, has that been what you've been doing for a while or is that just like a new thing you've been doing?
True.
Yeah, that makes me that makes sense, like.
So how do you make that
work like did like parents up for like how did that, how did that work out?
But anyway.
And
Yeah, that's true.
Good.
Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. It makes them
Yeah, it's a church playing network. So we like basically it's in Chicago and it's based in Chicago, but there are like a lot of different, like it's pretty regional things a lot in the midwest in michigan and Wisconsin. So basically um like the first before I can do things like that, basically a lot of stuff like, you know, they have
to raise their own financial support if you're when you're launching a church, like you don't have like the church itself can't pay for you to be right. So they have like razor financial support and we're kind of organization that they do that with. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty cool. I was, I got involved in like a campus ministry when I was in college and that was like really impactful for my life and then like uh yeah, like eventually decided that's what I wanted in some capacity. I wanted to use the gifts
of like finance and like what I have learned but also still kind of be a part of that. This is kind of what I've found to do that and it's really cool because like yeah, I can use those gifts and also do what I feel like excited about. So
true. It's true. And it's like a bit like okay, like I am only like, yeah, it's AM I actually like what I use the college classes I take actually in fact what I like I'm doing now, like 90%. No, but like,
you know, you're kind of in that same area at least that's helpful, right? Like yeah. Okay.
No.
truly. Yeah, I've heard that college which is done because you know, I walked out of college like $30,000 in debt and like I know more people walk out with a lot more than that so I'm like just for that but like even that it's like learning that a lot of college is just teaching you how to learn and how to adapt and how to problem solve like wow okay that's great. But did I really need to pay this much money for those things like after like I could learn that
well?
Right. Yeah for sure. For sure
What?
Yeah. It's just like there's so many ways like the like what is what is the norm in the U. S. Is like okay like go to a four year degree and like that's just so stupid like even just going to community college for a couple of years before getting like those two years before you go and get for your like we'll save you so much money.
Yeah.
Where are
Mhm. We had a camera
I think it is. Well
There you go.
Oh yeah. I know we gotta get going. I had in college I like lived with like six other guys this huge house. Like it was
it
was dirty, there was two bathrooms trying to split two bathrooms and stuff and go just not ideal. And whenever we had like host people it was just like all right,
it's been like an hour and a half,
like all seven
people
all hands
on deck
cleaning
this place. Like it was nuts. But anyway, that's it.
bye you