are you able to hear me at all? All right, so how are you doing?
I'm doing all right I guess Sorry. I was in the middle of something.
All right. Anyways, so uhh 2020 man. 2020.
Yeah. Yeah.
yeah that's putting it mildly. Are you from the States then? Right.
All right. I didn't know I didn't know if they were doing this like globally or internationally or not sure
it
I've done this once before and that one was from the United
States.
So I was kind of curious. Right? You have a little accent? So I was trying to figure out trying to place where the accents from. Sorry?
I used to know like probably like 2020 some years ago I used to know a girl when I was growing up. She was from Somalia or something. So I think Somalia's down
there near africa or part of africa. I don't I don't freaking know my job for that. Well he suggested
um I'm ready for it
to be over in our garbage to be taken out. Let me just put it that way. Yeah, that's like that's putting it mildly. But yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And the States are basically taking it the worst out of anyone. So what? But when the lack of leadership comes uh mountain of problems, right? So
Yeah, I've
seen bits and pieces of what I couldn't stand to watch. It's hard to watch. That is you're watching like a bull in a china shop being a bully and then you're watching someone trying to get a word in and then you're watching an idiot speak. Wait, I'm describing the entire thing idiots. Yeah.
I don't I don't fit on the political spectrum really, but you know, it's like I know we have garbage in and we need to get garbage out basically.
Mhm. Um I'm gonna have to go with Biden because trump needs
to get his ass the hell out of office for he damages our reputation or global. I mean, it's not just us. I mean he's hurting the entire world with his stupidity
and decision so well and I vote for who, I think not only will help this country but the world
or
at least not tear it apart and I mean
obviously it's gonna get torn apart if we continue on the course we've been at,
Yeah. I mean biden would probably have been my first choice, but I think almost anyone to be better than that alternative.
Clinton would have at least kept the status quo
on
things and would have pissed off all of our allies while sucking up the dictators. But she wasn't
my best choice either. But like I said, it
would have been
a hell of a lot better than trump in every freaking way,
so.
good. Yeah.
I live in a pretty rural area and a lot of people around here think it's fake or just a flu or Are
denying
that it's a problem. Yeah. And refusing to wear masks and everything else. Um and it's just been a mountain of issues as a result. Um, cases I think yesterday they escalated by 13 and just our county and ours county is really small and 13 is quite a significant number for our size, so, and every
day it's been going up more and more and getting worse
and it's like, well what do you expect? I mean, our county held their fair about a month ago. Yeah. And I'm like, why
would you hold
fair with this going on? Right. It's like the Macy's parade for thanksgiving was even cancelled. I mean, come on. That's been a tradition since like The fricking, what, 70 years ago or something? And it's been canceled because of this. And it's like, well at least they're being responsible. Mhm.
They probably
even have it. They just don't realize that or that they could be spreading each other's that's the sad part. Mhm. Most
of people
that have it do not show symptoms and they're just spreading it to the ones that do show symptoms and then wondering why their people around them are getting sick and dropping like flies. I mean, it's a shame. It's like that's why I've been staying home for the most part. Unless I absolutely have to go get something and then it's basically just me leaving the house, my family pretty much stays home and has been
since like March. Yeah. Okay. That so I mean it could be worse. I mean there's worse ones out there like Ebola and stuff, but obviously this is not just a flu and it's killed more people in like a few months than the flu has in multiple years along with uh pneumonia combined. So
Yeah. Some good times in Vegas though, right?
right.
I live in the midwest. I live in Missouri. So yeah,
north Carolina. I think it's a, I think that's not as bad as south Carolina. That is a deep red state like this one is and all the deniers and stuff here anyways, hell our governor is a freaking idiot. Everybody else was closing things down and ours is like, well hold on guys, we're gonna be stupid. And then he didn't, everybody else is
keeping things close and he's like, open it up.
I'm not
saying we should kept things completely closed, but there have been more control going
on
because
other countries clearly flatten the curve and ours is still just escalating. So clearly things aren't going right. Some
yippee Kay heck has
gone
on this chord,
I'll be voting in person. Um like I said, I live in a small area. Here's the thing, If I was living in town, 15 minutes is the nearest town. Um then I probably would have considered elsewhere because of the risk involved. But we live in a what they try to call a town, but
it has about 20, some people here and like part of that is so there's not like many people here and I could probably sneak in and out without making much of any contact with anyone. So
I'm
just gonna vote
in person the voting
places, the church next door. I'm not even kidding. It's that small. The only thing here is a church. Yeah. You want to go to get any stores or something? You got to go 15 minutes away. We're in the middle of nowhere. So,
so
different.
So
that'll
that allow me to vote in person. But it's like if I was in pound, Which is only like 4000 people, I wouldn't probably vote person because
the way I've seen people acting at just the stores, I wouldn't want to even be around anyone. We're not going to maintain distance or anything. They're nuts. I go to the store and they're just like, hey, excuse me, let me just slide right in and grab this. How about no? How about
you? Just wait over there. Yeah,
I've got notifications and letters from that. And when I like I said I probably would have used that if I was still in town. But I'm living right next door to the polling place and I can sneak in while everybody's at work and there's like no one around. I'm just gonna do that. I voted earlier this year about a month or two ago. I think it was. And I just walked in, there was no one there. I went into that one little, they only have like two booths there and I went into it was like,
I'm done and left. The only thing is is when you're voting on a primary and you're in a red area and they have libertarian democrat, republican go which one do you want to? Like, well, I don't really want to tell you which one I want because I don't want any of them, but I'll go ahead and take that one because I don't know the difference. I act stupid. Like I don't know the difference. And they're like, why the fuck is he voting? Yeah, yeah, sure.
But it's like I don't want to tell them, okay, I want to vote on that primary because then they were like, okay, so that that guy is that you're living in a small area. They kind of peg you with that stuff. Some yeah, yeah. Good times. Good times. It's you need to
apartment.
You probably live in a bigger area though.
boring.
You're boring. You come where I freaking lift 26 people on the population sign and people have moved out since then. So You
want
boring. There's nothing here for 15 minutes around hits.
You want to go
to the store 15 minutes. You want to go watch a movie, you go 15 minutes you want to go get some fast food? 15 minutes.
I'm more of a person like that too, but it's like where you end up is probably where you end up in a lot of ways. So
I said
we
had
to move out here about two years ago. We lived in town until then and it's basically when I was living in town, I tell anybody okay, if you're going somewhere in town, you need five minutes to get across town. That's it. Anywhere you're going doesn't matter where you're going from, where you're going At your five minutes you're across town. Mhm.
But now it's like 15 minutes and you get to town Then it's five minutes to wherever you want. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. Unless you're getting right off the highway and go into walmart and it's like right there. But yeah, for walmart,
so excited.
All
Well see texas can be nice, but it also if you're trying to get away from like deep red, that's going further deep red on that. If you're on that political type spectrum looking. Um yes, he can be a problem. But in texas it's not as a humid heat, it's kind of more of a dry heat, like new Mexico and that kind of stuff. Um If you go to like Louisiana or where I live or anywhere like where there's a lot of humid humidity, the humid heat is actually worse because it's like you step outside just took a drink of water because you're breathing all that humidity. And it's like yeah, there it goes. And it just feels a lot worse with humidity. Texas is humidity but I don't think it's quite as bad. So Nevada and New Mexico has dry heat and they get up to 100 and 120 and whatnot. But they're like probably don't even feel, but maybe the same as ours or less because it's just dry. So I don't know, I'm not a fan of humidity. I like I love winter myself. So right let's go to Alaska. There we go.
Um That's a hard one. Um I would certainly try to avoid the more expensive ones like um
California,
California is extremely expensive to live um florida and extremely backwards and how they do a lot of things. I mean just looking out trump is trying to relocate florida and then you have states are more neutral. Um Kind of like uh Illinois boys. Um It's more of a neutral. Great. Um I could almost recommend them because it probably doesn't get too hot and it doesn't get too cool. Um, They're pretty well uh oriented on how things are handled. Um, The
prices, if you don't live in the city is probably decent. Um,
So
I think that
wouldn't be a bad choice. Honestly, I don't know too many other states. Um, but I do know Illinois is probably okay as, but I don't know if that would even be an option, But yeah, that's the only one I
can think immediately off the top of my head that might be more open minded and easy going yet affordable. Yes. So I mean there are, there's
like Vermont and some of those states too, but I mean that's going further on the coast and I don't know if you want to be on the coast. I mean you're talking about texas, so maybe, but me, personally, if I were you, I'd be trying to avoid the deep red states. I mean red state is fine, but I'd be avoiding the deep red states, which are the Southern because a lot of those, they don't, they're nice people for a lot of points, but their viewpoints that they have are backwards. And let's face it, a lot of them, if you don't like trump, a lot of them are trump supporters in the deep red states so that you're gonna
have to consider
too.
Um, so it's like, it's, it it depends on what you're looking for, honestly, and I'm I'm not really not the best one, but the Illinois is is the one that comes off the top because it's not too cold, not too hot and they're just, I don't think they're too high priced. If you don't live like in Chicago or somewhere like that, be throwing them on the court. So, I don't know, I haven't moved around a lot, but I have been to a few states for short visits, but most of them were like turn around there and back, pretty much.
So
as a kid, I went to florida, I think I might have been in texas once, I don't remember um I grew up in Arkansas and I wouldn't recommend that really. Um I mean look at mike Huckabee, that's where Huckabee came from. And then we have uh live in Missouri and had for the last 15 years or 10, 10, 15 years, something like that. And then I've written all the way up to Wisconsin and back. But I don't know nothing much about the States in between. So I don't know, there's a
lot of variety out there, but you got to find something that's going to be within your price range too. And that's one thing Bradley California has a lot going right and has a lot of good things about it, but it is extremely expensive to live in California.
Like
I said, florida is a humid land and like I said, if you're trying to avoid trump and his type of people and supporters, florida is full of them, I'm sad to say, and they are asked backwards on the way they handle things, I'm sorry, but florida, it would not be one of my
choices. I mean, yes, there's a, there's Orlando with like Disney World and shit florida has just asked the fuck backwards and I would avoid it if, if it was up to me just on the basis of how they've been handling things themselves and how trump heavy they are. But I know I'm sure there's good people there. It's just, I wouldn't want to move there and be surrounded by basically the same stuff I'm around now if not worse. Yeah
so Bennett but I don't know I guess that's some of the East coast states. Um massachusetts, Washington not D. C. But Washington state might be okay.
Vermont
might be okay. Um New york state but not New york city might be affordable. I'm not sure because people people can't separate new york city from new york state. New york state actually has a lot of farmland believe it or not. New york has a lot of farmland but most people when they say new york are thinking of this big city of millions of people not the what's outside that area. So There is a lot going on outside the big cities in New York. But I don't know the price range is sadly I know you wouldn't want to go to New York City because New York City would be $3-$4,000 a month rent. And yeah, California is about like that too. So California is expensive, I mean, even in the cheaper areas in California with the taxes and fees and stuff, food prices and everything almost double what they are in the rest of the country. So it's it's damn expensive. We live in a very cheap area, but it's just one of those areas where you kind of get thrown into, so you know what?
Good.
So stop
here. Yeah, Yeah, this will never drive sometimes. Safety is boring now. Mhm. I
thought you'd want danger, but it's like, you know, basically whatever can fit your budget, I would definitely be looking around at what apartment prices or housing prices would be in certain states, maybe do a search on what housing prices are on average on each state and then city in which state kinda has what you would be looking for ideologically
and maybe what area of that state and that kind of thing. I mean there's plenty of information out there that could probably give you a baseline of what to expect. I just, I just know California's freaking expensive. My ex is from California and her family came from there to here and then she stayed here and they went back there and when she gets monthly on her money would not even last her, like maybe a week
in
California because it's like way more expensive. Yes, For
example, gases like less than $2 a gallon here in California. I think it's like seven or eight, something like that. It is like freaking insane if you were into place and you're by yourself, you almost have to get roommates and rental location collectively because unless you're making bank California is going to just kick you on your ass, You're gonna be living on the street. Yeah,
I mean there's a lot of not so rich people there, but they're not doing too well and there's a lot of social programs and a lot of good things about the state. It's just the pricing has gotten just over the extreme over the extreme and I'm not sure exactly what brought about that, but I don't know. I think it could be handled little better there. And I know that's a blue state, but I don't know what exactly the time frame of when it went from affordable or ish to like the way it is now, I
don't even
know.
So I'm probably not the best person to ask, but that's about all I can tell you.
So, yeah.
so
uh you got you live by yourself then or?
Yeah you got to take that into consideration how much the food costs everything is going to be where you go to because certain places you think oh it's gonna have the same food costs. Oh hell no. So those places they skyrocket so
okay I'm
here.
All right well I think
we meet the 25 minutes. So nice talking to you. I hope you get something. I
hope you find somewhere that you'd like to move to and you get there safely. um 2020. I can't say it's probably the best year to be doing that but I hope
there's
something out anyways so.
All right well it's nice meeting you too. I hope you have a good day rest
out.
Yeah. Yeah you too. Bye.