Bye.
Hey.
Uh I understand.
I know how that
is.
yeah, difficult. Everybody's on it for sure all the time now, so mhm. Come
I'm in south Carolina.
Okay. Cool. Home of buck Owens
of course.
yes.
I mean,
that's for sure. Corporate. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. And this I can't, I just can't stomach current country music so. Yeah.
that's
just
kind
of like
the older,
yeah, I like the older stuff, but the new stuff, it's just not very, it doesn't seem like there's a lot of heart in it really,
replace their cowboy hats, football caps and stuff.
Right. I grew up on country music, so you know, that was my thing. But then I become like a total rock fan when I was like a teenager or so.
right. You can't really tell the difference. It's just all kind of pop really. So
I pretty much just listen to like I have satellite radio in my car. I have to drive a pretty good long ways to work. So I pretty much just listen to the older stuff on the radio. I don't, there's not even anything current. I can't even tell you who have the artists are now. Yeah,
I do. Yes.
it's not
much.
I don't
have all the flashy extra stuff on it. I just have the music channels, but that's all I really want anyway. I don't have all the talk channels So I enjoy it because I drive about 40 minutes each way to work. So. No,
it comes in handy and that way I will sit there and flip the channels all day, which is pretty much cold.
Yeah, if you drive about an hour up the road and turn north Carolina, then you're you're in the Asheville north Carolina, then you drive a little bit further and you'll be up in the Blue Ridge Parkway or the great smoky Mountains a little bit further. So it's, we're right at the foothills of the mountains. So it's, you know, there's a lot of natural areas, waterfalls, things like that here, about a five hour drive to the coast.
So,
it is. Um, I mean we have and where I live and where I right around my house, I have finally started seeing bear and I've never seen bear around here before. So of Soul, A mom and two Cubs and another one. So that was very unusual to see them right in my house.
How about Cody's, do you have a lot of those?
We have them here,
but
they're like,
they look different and they look out there, they're almost like wolf size. They're very large and scary. And so
there
are different kind of breed. I mean I saw one on my drive to work one day and it was I left left really early and it was like I mean I swear I thought it was a wolf, it was so large. I was like that's a code because I thought there would be just like you know, smaller kind of creatures. But it was pretty large. So
no,
yeah it was definitely tired of it. I think there's a very there's very very few red bulls down near the coast but very few. They're trying to reintroduce them but not not any around here.
it's not easy for
either
but it's fine, you know it's just I did one of these the other day and it was a young lady, she was like a college student and she was so nervous. I said it's okay, it's fine. She's like I was just so afraid I was going to get somebody. Was weird. I'm like, I'm okay.
It is unusual though that that kind of task us with just talking to somebody and they don't give you any topic. So it's just talk and I didn't want to a while back to and I thought of a man that was like, he was like an engineer or Ceo or something. I was like, wow, I don't know what we're going to talk about. What we actually talked. It was it was interesting.
I think they just are wanting probably people from all different walks of life and stuff because I was like, when I was talking to the, to the girl with the college student, I'm like, gosh, I'm old enough to be your mom. But it was, it was still interested. I mean, you know, you've learned things talking to other people that you wouldn't normally talk to. You know, it's easy to just talk to people.
No, I just I just said that, you know, you don't often get to talk to people who, you know aren't in your everyday circle, you know who you don't see at work or your family members or whatever. So it's it's interesting for that reason.
That's interesting.
I don't feel like my life has changed that much just because I've had to work every day, you know, at the office has not been any working from home or anything like that for me. So I've still been working and life just pretty much goes on the same really. So it hasn't been a huge difference because I'm not like one that's going out partying on the weekend or anything, I pretty much go to work, come home, that's my life. So that's pretty much what I'm doing now.
when everything opened back up it was like that for a while that they were very limited and I didn't go anywhere really other than to work. But I know like one day I had I mean to the grocery store and stuff like that. I had to go to a store one day and I had to wait I went on my lunch break and I had to wait in line like my entire lunch break just to get in the store. So when I finally got in there I just was like making a mad dash trying to get a couple of things before I could get back to work because they only let so many people in.
But we kind of
we
don't take it
super
simple.
I'm sorry
I can see you. It's very pixelated but I can see you.
it probably
I can I can
see.
Well
yeah but it's not it's not bad. It looks a lot clearer now.
that's no problem I guess as long as we can still hear each other in it and they know we're doing and I guess we're all right. Yeah.
What
What?
Well
I don't have a choice. I'm
mother.
I'm a single mother of a 14 year old so I have I have no choice. I have to work and have to have to do that. Yeah.
Well.
Well
well thank you.
Yeah he was talking
about driving the other day so we'll see how that works. What?
yeah I'm not I'm not a good driver so I'm not anybody to teach anymore how to drive either. I mean I'm I'm a good driver. I don't luckily I don't have any accidents or anything, I shouldn't say that, but I'm not a patient driver. So
I wish we had an option. But I mean we're, yes, I live in a very small town so there is no, there is no bus system or anything you have to drive to get anywhere. So unfortunately
that.
It,
no.
no, that's totally fun.
Well
probably, but the fact
is
that people don't make as much here, that's the only thing that we're kind of, you know, of course state, so that's 11 of the issues you don't make as much, but you probably do get a lot more house and land especially, you know, you people have a lot more space I think then you would and uh here or things like that. So you know, most houses have some type of acreage with them.
it's not right on top of me.
Uh huh. Yes,
that's one of the big ones, yeah.
okay. I could
barely hear it. Yeah,
I've been on a train months
before.
Yeah.
It's very crazy and Mhm. I don't know, I don't even know what to think. I'm tired of it, I'm tired of the decree, but I don't think it's gonna end on Election Day, I think it's gonna keep on and on and on
right, right, and it does it doesn't seem like it's going to stop you listen to the news now and it just everything still continues to just get worse and worse. So it's almost like we're in the middle like a zombie movie or something.
that's really
bad. Yeah. Yeah,
but I think we're I think we're in a bad place, so I don't know, I just don't know if anything could have fixed it, I mean either way you're gonna have half the people are going to be upset no matter what so you know.
Yeah I agree and I just don't want to I don't want to be a part of that, I wish that would just stay far away but I'm afraid
to be everywhere.
Well
I read an article in our local news and it was talking about how ammunition was like almost sold out in a lot of places and they said well due to the upcoming hunting season and I'm like I don't think it's because of the honey people hunt every year and they don't sell out of ammunition, I think it's something a little more sinister than hunting. Uh huh Well
I am yes, I think
you're gone.
ours is pretty good here,
believe it or not, but it was a good thing, but I was just pretty decent here, so it's not too bad. Ah
I had just the image of a little profile picture that came up for a second there.
Maybe we don't have any more for the moment.
I said maybe the internet will hang in there for a few more minutes.
I know when you get done, you have to answer some questions so you have to,
have you done one before?
Well, I'm just pleased
as I've done two and well three total, but to just the last few days and you guys all showed up the last time I scheduled like five or six and no one ever showed up who was
and I was like, well it's you know, and I don't think the last go around they paid you if they didn't show up anything at all. So I was like you know I'm just keep doing this and I'm here at my time and nobody else is coming and the like we're sorry that's just how it is and I was like I'm just not doing anymore but then I decided to do it. Yeah.
I think a lot of people
want
them.
that's true and then some people are just
don't even realize what they have. You know he was talking about the
politics
there
was
We're just talking about politics in general, there's some of this running for election here and he's raised like $57 million $57 million. You know what
you can do
with that money like how many people could be helped with that money in a political campaign? Uh huh.
So wasteful
to run
it as
a want ad every second, every commercial on T. V. S. And add every ad on the radio, every go online, everything go to Youtube. It's an ad for them. It's just constant, he's running against our our senator lindsey Graham.
I'm
know.
Well
that's okay.
I just
I don't
I don't think
it was.
right. I don't know that anybody watches one of those ads and says well I changed my mind because of that. So most the time you just watch it and roll your eyes because you know it's just just the money making up something or you know just being mean.
what?
Yeah I saw something online today and the person was from the UK and they're like you know it's so odd how americans are. So just it's like I was like their a political candidate. They support it, like their favorite sports team. It's like they're just just rabidly
and
supportive
that
they're like, this is weird us so I can.
Mhm. Well, we're just weird I guess.
Well, I guess we have had our conversation. It looks like we've done our
25.
All
right, thank you. Nice to meet you. Right.
Hi.