mm
I'm Jason, I'm sorry
in advance if we get disconnected, but the internet has been acting kind of sketchy around here so I just wanted to apologize in advance
also
from
it, mosquitoes and
so uh, yeah. Howard would hear you in?
Oh wow. All the way on the other side of the country. I'm here in Bakersfield California.
yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. You gotta buck Owens. Yeah.
And there's a whole bucko, bookmark, phallus and all that. Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah.
Well, absolutely
actually, yeah, I passed away before I could actually go to Crystal Palace and one of the shows, but they all passed away pretty much. Um,
I lost a lot of Alzheimer's.
I don't know, I guess I'm not a big fan of a lot of country music. I either way that I guess I should get more into listening to that stuff. A lot of it tells, you know the whole story about what it was like growing up here back then. So I
should
I really
should
know more
about it
Yeah well it's very flashy. Yeah much more modern.
sure sure. Yeah just a little you know
what seems like a lot of what's considered country now is the equivalent of what was um or what you know country now is the equivalent of what was rocked back then or kind of maybe I'm saying that backwards but it all kind of blends together somehow.
basically. Uh huh.
Me neither. That's not that expensive. Do you have Sirius XM
Is that the one? Yeah that's only like $5 a month isn't it?
Is
it more than
that?
that's good on the commute.
imagine the country's I imagine um I don't know if you live in you know like a large city but I imagine the countryside there is beautiful that kind of it's is it around you know forest land and um
I
thought I saw a statistic, it was a long time ago that said that the like the forests there. I forget what it's called. The forest in Appalachia is like the second most diverse you know as the second most organisms of any forest. 2nd to the what is it? The rainforest in brazil, something like that. Really beautiful. I'd love to go there sometime. That'd be nice.
reminds me of where my sister had lived in Athens should um I went over to visit her and she had this apartment um in in Athens Georgia and um it's right near where the the forest meets the city there. And so there was a like deers that come up to the area and we just don't have that here because we're you know, we're in the valley and saw agriculture and we don't have that kind of thing except maybe the bike path and that's just birds and fish and stuff.
Right. Yeah, coyotes. That's true. There are coyotes around the area.
That's
true,
that's true.
Mhm. Okay. No, no,
no,
but there wouldn't be any wolves in that area
with their, it has to be.
Oh that is very interesting, forgive me if I'm a little nervous, I have a lot of difficulty around people so let's just be I'm sorry, thank you for putting up with me.
I
think that.
I qualify as the weird one of this conversation then I'm definitely
All right. Well yeah, I feel that makes me feel pretty lonely on the totem pole, but that's okay. It's good to be in the presence of hire people, you know, you're more interesting person. So it's nice for me to get to, to learn from you and then maybe a ceo, if I get to speak to him.
Especially in these times it's nice to. What's that? I'm sorry, I shouldn't have interrupted you. I'm sorry.
I saw a term applied. What was it? Something like covid pod where you know, you have not just the people in your home, but if you're in an area kind of like ours where people are supposed to kind of maintain enough social distancing. But like if you have not just the people in your home, but maybe one or two other people that you see on the outside that you feel safe, you feel safe talking to an in person and then I guess that's how people are getting to socialist these days. I think that's the time they use something like that. Your covid pod.
I may be wrong.
yeah. Yeah. We're all homebodies here too. So it's not that much of it. It's not that much of a change. But you know, I have been a couple of times when I've like forgotten to put a mask on, when I walk into a store, I haven't been in for a while and it's like you realize, oh whoa, I did something, I did something wrong there. Well come people come talk to you and you know people take it seriously now and as well. They should I guess. Um it's a serious disease. Um I remember for a while there were uh lines outside of walmart, it was only for like two weeks. They're only letting a certain number of people in at a time. Did you have anything like that happen in the area where
Whatever. Yeah. Are
you able
to
Are
you
able to
are you see me because I think the I can't see you right now. The image uh went out um
Pixelated. I don't know. Maybe that's just the internet connection. I'm not
I'm not sure how to how to ah
fix
it
or can you you can see me but it's pixilated.
I saw you. I saw you for a second there. That's probably my phone's fault. I'm sorry. I apologize.
I
admire you that you sound like you work a lot. You you you are are very dedicated hard worker. I admire that. I've been unemployed for quite some time you know diagnosed with a mental condition and so forth. And I don't know if I should be so honest but I feel like telling you
that because I just admire people like you that live a nice structured life and work hard and really contribute to society
and stuff.
I appreciate
them.
Yeah that's uh life's not easy on anyone I guess. I'm sorry that you know you have to raise your child on your own and stuff but I'm sure you're a great mother.
It's
anyway like I said I I admire you.
Your your 14 year old is married lucky
and.
Oh no yeah that's that age for 14, you know Another year or two will be ready to drive.
I I drove for just a few months and um I was so nervous, so nervous to drive at all. You know now I just take the bus city bus and walk and the traffic is already pretty terrible even here in Bakersfield I'm I suppose it's not as bad as L. A. But I was just terrified at the way people drive and I'm getting into an accident. I couldn't do it for too long. So.
there's
no um Yeah um so uh mhm. Gosh I'm sorry I'm not I'm not very good at continuing these things. I'm sorry. I'll think of something to stay. Don't worry, don't
worry,
I'll rescue us. Yeah.
You're living nice. I imagine the size of homes there is uh compared to what you get in the like this part of California where there's been a lot of home growth, you know, a lot of residential growth I imagine. Imagine the size of a home is uh you get a nice home for the price over there
or
two
people.
Yeah. Yeah that's good. Uh Sarah
What are the typical, what are the typical um uh, is that farm country? Where there are their crops out there? What are the typical crops? Mm
tobacco. Huh.
Maybe we should move Joey out there. Right, Joey. We're so addicted to cigarettes. Oh, there's a train. I'm sorry. I did something wrong again. Here's a train. Don't worry. Don't worry. It will be gone soon. It'll go away. I'm sorry. We live right next to the railroad tracks.
Well,
it's the, yeah. And usually the way they do this is they have one, uh, freight train. And then behind that is, you know, the Amtrak, uh, the people, so they do about two trains and you never quite get used to living right by the railroad tracks.
That's
tough. Yeah.
Um, mm hmm. What do you think of, uh, everything going on with the election? Pretty crazy. Pretty crazy here with all that stuff. Huh.
Did you think of the number of of crises the country has faced over like the past year? It's just incredible compared to like any year in recent memory, any year in like past 70, 80 years or so.
That will be next. Just wait. That will be next.
another
Uh huh.
It seems like there's a big possibility of violence from either political, either side of the political spectrum depending on who wins or maybe not even depending on who wins just because of so much throughout emotions and that kind of thing.
I know
I yeah, I saw something that said that people are going into like survival camps out out. I think this one was like somewhere east of Virginia. I don't know, some are not used to Virginia, put more out Western Virginia. But it was like a rural area people have like these survival camps where they think something's going to happen and they want to, you know, they want some place to survive the chaos.
It's incredible.
It's uh Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty scary though. Um Let's see anyway, the internet hasn't gone out for most of this. Are you still there?
But
it's still there via and I can see you again. But for the part of the internet has worked. I think this is A T. And T. S way of getting of getting us to uh to switch to fiber because I saw something about where they cut off new internet subscriptions to uh to DSL subscriptions. So I think that's the idea that
trying to get it.
Uh huh. There you are again.
I wish we didn't have to do this by video. Uh My head looked even more boldness this way. Hope.
then. What's that?
But I hope that I hope so.
that's true. I know. I know. Huh I hope that goes okay.
Yeah I have. I have and you can imagine that person went through a lot with me too. I'm not necessarily the internet but just the way I talk and I'm
sorry.
Yeah I scheduled scheduled to just this past weekend and they kept not showing up or having something happened.
Yeah. Well a little bit of money is nice but it's also nice to get to talk to people like I I don't I guess I don't consider myself a normal kind of a normal american. So a chance to communicate with people outside of the home and people like you that work and have a family is it's good it's good to get a pulse on what other human beings are actually doing and stuff. So I feel so disconnected. Not the time.
I
am
sorry that you're busy. I tried to help out, I have a friend who's, who's a single mother and she's got like five Children and the father left them. So um I try to send them money every once in a while via Paypal. That's probably where most of us will go anyway. But I completely forgot about that. But that yeah, it's really tough for for for a lot of people, especially people having been out of a job and stuff. She lost her job and got like a one that's not so great that she had to commute to and it's tough times. I wish people have to suffer through all this stuff.
I wish you.
You
got to be great
what
you have.
That's
founding.
Yeah.
It all goes somewhere though. I mean, where does the money go in a political campaign?
Just
advertisement?
How
much how
much the ads really affect? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I should have spoke over you.
I didn't realize
anyway
how much he adds
really, you know, affect how
people
are going to vote. There's a second one anyway. It's I don't see what, what the reason to waste so much money. I mean, it seems like there must be a cut off point like, you know, 10 million, 20 million. And you say there's no more money isn't going to do anything,
right, right. Or uh, you know, crazy stuff like, you know, my opponent wants to eat your Children or whatever. You know, some ridiculous thing that, you know, they're just saying to it's a job for
them. It's a it's a job and it needs a little demonize her opponent. Yeah, okay. It's kind of, it's kind of crazy how the political system got like that in this, in this country because like, isn't it like in the United Kingdom, they only run for, they stand for office and it's only for like six weeks or something. So not every other country does this. So it's it's really crazy like this.
Like a
small
thing,
isn't it?
Because I think in europe, like it's mostly a technocratic class that controls most of everything, no matter who's the prime minister or whoever. Their status.
that's us. We've got to be unique. Yeah,
I think we
are. It should be, thank you for bearing, thank you for putting up with me and bearing with me and, and you should be very proud that you're, you know, raising a child on your own. And um, I just wanted to say that because you're not the, like I said, you're not the only single mother I've come across. I was raised by a single mother, my myself, my mom, you know, my dad went to prison many years ago, not that many years after I was born. So well, I admire you and, and thank you very much for talking
to me.
right. It's good