SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing good, how are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing. Well also also yeah, I was just saying I'm also gonna I did I did one of these days the other day and I did I started like a little stopwatch to that kind of help us make sure we kept our time right? So I'll do that. So you're
SPEAKER_R: often?
SPEAKER_L: where where? Hi I'm Noah.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Sorry I'm let me grab my computer charger before it does.
SPEAKER_L: you again?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Dorothy really nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Oh Dorothy nice, nice to meet you too. How's your how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: Um I was doing pretty good. I don't know, I like sudden wave of exhaustion kind of hit me potentially because I started working on the project,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I just didn't want to do it. Um Yeah, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Mine has been really pretty good too. It's been a little exhausting today. Friday's are always a little tiring for me just because I'm a teacher and so I r we do the way our schedule is made up and where we see half of our every other day and To my my 5678 periods. I have three classes out of the four and they're all scheduled so making sure kids are like doing stuff kind of take some things out of me but then I just got some time just relax for a little bit, which is nice and it kind of helped.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm a sophomore at Duke, so my I'm sorry. Um So my um the class, I don't have any classes on Fridays which is really nice. Um But the thing is I'm like doing so much but typically it just flies by regardless, like I don't really get the the rest that I like, I always tell myself I need or I should get.
SPEAKER_L: Where and they say that's college. I Just I'm a teacher now but I literally just this past fall I just graduated in 2020 from undergrad. So a college kind of lifestyle is still very much in my mind. Uh I totally get that though. I went to indiana University which is not as I would say probably as intense as do kids but. Uh huh. Well that's it snatched to that. That's pretty sweet.
SPEAKER_R: Are you still teaching in indiana
SPEAKER_L: No, no I'm not. So I'm teaching in, it's a suburb, like a northern suburb of Chicago. It's called grain.
SPEAKER_R: often?
SPEAKER_L: If you know where that kind of areas I don't know. Um I live about, I'm like literally if you look at a map, it's called Lake county Illinois. It's right in between Milwaukee, Wisconsin in Chicago. So that's where I'm at. And I grew up in indiana, that's why I went there and then I just found a job up here and they pay me pretty well for what most teachers make in their first year. So I was I guess. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: definitely have a couple friends from Chicago but like I I really couldn't tell you much more than that. I'm from Houston, so
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty far self. Um What do you teach and what grades?
SPEAKER_L: I change U. S. History for juniors. Yeah it's it's a good time. It was pretty cool because ever since I was a junior, like that's when I took it in high school and I like fell in love with it and that's kind of what made me want to teach social studies and so to be able to teach that class kind of like full circle.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's dope. Especially like this year
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. That was like our first day of class. I was like how
SPEAKER_R: hey?
SPEAKER_L: do we look at history? And they're like oh it's all about the past. And the president was like you guys know, you're literally living history right now right? Like There's gonna like I am like in 15 years when I'm teaching again, like still teaching, we'll be talking about 2020 isn't I'm like cluster. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: They're like oh that's so cool, like going into Iraq but uh it's funny,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was actually just talking to someone about this, but like because I'm also an R. A. Um.
SPEAKER_L: I was in R. A. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's been it's been weird because like I just became one because like Duke has done a bunch of shit like that shit, like they just have had to change a lot of what colleges like this year. Um And like once again I I props to admin like we give them a lot of crap. Um But like they've done so much like everything they can to make sure we can be back on campus, like I had to do a room university, I would have taken a semester off. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: and so long story short I was talking to someone about like Knights were worried about um I said Halloween. I'm worried about just like kids losing it holla weekend because it's a saturday. Like
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: it's an extra that it's full moon, it's a saturday and it's daylight savings, so you get an extra hour, like if there's a there's a time to party and like,
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: like this is it. Yeah. And then my friend was like, no, I'm worried about election, like people, like both sides are going to be furious regardless of who loses. Like um I was like the fact I think that night like is going to be one of those nights. Kind of like, Maybe it's been a great analogy, but like 9:11 where you remember where you were when you found out? Like we're going to remember where
SPEAKER_L: For the
SPEAKER_R: we were.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. The thing is crazy though is that like whatever you like nobody's gonna know on that night, like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you're not going to know. And I wouldn't be surprised if Fox News and um oh am and like all of your super super right wing things regardless of what happens, call it for trump. And I wouldn't be surprised maybe even some of the other ones do too, but like nobody's going to know for maybe like even like a month or so afterwards. So. Election night. Yeah, I agree. It's probably gonna be like its own little cluster talk but I also wonder how much it will be because like there is so much unknown. Although given the fact that you're in north Carolina, I feel like it's definitely like a ton of people on both sides are going to be yes. Super super ticked off.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just been weird because like I grew up, like I grew up in Houston, like, like I thought he was like, you know, I was like, oh, we're city like we're relatively like blue, which is true. But like as I've left and you know, like a lot of my friends are from like long Island, like California where it's that blue, you know? And like I've come to realize that I grew up in a christian asian southern conservatives like community and that's been really wild like with comparing that environment with like duke because it's still pretty liberal. But like, I definitely know kids here who are voting trump, which is like really disappointing. Um We're not disappointing. It's interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's what I like. Some of my students and like none of my kids can vote because they're all juniors in high school, that's all this, that the most instead their 17th so they're not eligible. Um So but as the socialist teacher I'm like I can't not talk about it and so I've been doing extra credit assignments to watch the debates so like that was a trip. Um Oh and any more interesting though because what I try to do, as I say, pick three questions that the moderator asks, tell me what either side says. No, like interpreting, just tell me what they say, then give me your impression of each person and then who do you think one? And it's crazy seeing some of the kids who don't know, like I hate just right off a student for saying like trump one or two. Well you didn't watch the debate because I know I I'm I'm a democrat so like I knew that way and like I viewed both feeling like by totally one, but seeing some of the kids goes like, yeah trump had great points trump, had some really good points with good evidence. And I want, I can't just be like, what are you talking about? You're an idiot. Or like tell the kid who has this trump flag up in the background to like take it down, can't do those things, but like I have to be like somewhat like subtle about being like, oh have you thought about it this way? Why do you think that or say like, oh why do you think he brought that up? Do you think that that's fair? Put like posing a hypothetical that they to the premise of, and then I tell them like, oh well, did you know, trump did the opposite? And what's so it's it's so weird with like seeing kids that they're like this young right, buying into some of the stuff, but then it's also really uplifting when I read some of their some of their some of them or on the opposite side and it's not just I'm voting for like I would vote biden because like I hate trump but saying like, oh I don't know like I watched it, my parents and I discussed it and like, do you think that they were a lot more put together? Yeah. Excellent. You watching the big good job?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. It's interesting
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was.
SPEAKER_R: now. How is that, how like, how is teaching right now, like is it over zoo? What is, what's the
SPEAKER_L: so it's different for like everywhere because everywhere is different. So ours right now, I'm over zoom completely. But you mean the actually the week after election, So there's that whole week, there's that Tuesday week after that is where we are going to our hybrid plan, which is where um parents can off their kids out if they want to, if they say no, you're not going to school, they can't force them to, but we are going to be a quarter. So on monday will be always online and then Tuesday through friday We'll be we'll see 25% of the kids per day uh in the in person that will be very similar to like, I don't know, it's kind of where we're like, we're doing more like flip stuff, so like at home watch this stuff and then we'll just talk about it in class and the we'll just see how that goes. So I have no idea how that's gonna work. But in like, in my opinion, like I I don't think we should just keep it up, I don't think that we should be going back. Um But we we actually just had like a union meeting the other day and someone asked, they're like, well like, which to be honest, like why are we going back? Like this doesn't make a lot of sense. And like probably was like to be honest, it's just because the public wants us to go back and like at a certain point you have to just, you can't like they're the ones that pay our tax dollars like they my salary and so kind of with them. Why if cases start
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: going again like we'll go back to hybrid. But it's different for like there's different schools
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: in a conference who are gonna have been fully in person and then there's others who are continuing on. My roommate is a music teacher at the high school in the next town over. And they basically at least for the rest of the first semester they won't even entertain the thought. Um um Going back. So it's it's different everywhere. I mean it's just I think it depends on the the subgroup because I am in a pretty affluent, mostly white suburb and teaching again. And I think this like privileges these people who are like I can't believe my student has to go through this. Meanwhile, he teaches in a suburb where there's a lot of like lower income to middle class and a lot of minority students um usually or black students and they kind of don't have that look like they're gonna hit real hard. And so it's it's definitely super tough and like I don't and I don't I don't have any much superintendent, but also it's kind of an idiot
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's an interesting um do in Ireland like like the content midwest right
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: on that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, this is like the heart of Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Have people been taking it like Syria like corona like have they been wearing masks or like what's the general vibe with the pandemic and all of that?
SPEAKER_L: So it's super. That's a good question. It's like super dependent on where you're from like court is um because the way the Illinois politics works too and you I don't know if you probably wouldn't make sense for you to have this challenge, but like Illinois a lot of times in like elections, especially for presidential elections lately goes blue just because the majority of the population of Chicago and Chicago. So this whole area gets a lot of democrats and a lot more liberal thinking people. So where I am at now, there is a lot of people taking mask mandates seriously doing all that and that's that's great. But if you like go south, if you go down southern Illinois, you don't get that as much. Like my sister lives in pennsylvania and that's a whole other ballgame like over there, they like, she's the type person that won't like, she's fully on like my kids, I don't want them wearing masks and all that. So midwest is super split, like the west coast and east coast those you get a lot of, I feel like you know more liberal and it's a lot more kind of, this is kind of the way it is like you said like Long Island, you get the people like L. A. Like that's good. But then once you kind of get towards in the middle, that's where things start to mingle a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Right now that's interesting. I'm just asking because like I once again from texas um I did a road trip in the middle. I don't know why I did this in the middle of the pandemic. I went on a road trip from Houston to Atlanta because I have family in Atlanta. Um and obviously we were very safe like. Yeah. Um and so like I had to drive through Louisiana Alabama, a lot of like you know like deep south and um I went to a like we stopped at Costco only just because like I feel like people who go to Costco, I feel at Costco's are typically like well like wealthier um people who are like they take it more seriously. So I only stopped at cost goes. But um I stopped at one station like it's a really big gas station in texas but and there's only one outside of texas and it was
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: in Alabama. Um It was the scariest thing like I've ever been to like it was maybe like two, yeah, three months ago, so still the heart of the pandemic. There was about 100 people like shoved into, it was like sunday night football, like there
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: were so many people know masks, I was the only person of color, like I thought I was going to die so we got a student possible.
SPEAKER_L: I was just nuts off. I like I don't I just can't I don't know. Maybe like I always trying to like put my mindset in the mind of like I have to understand that like I come from it from this viewpoint but also and I always try to whether I agree with it or not, I try to just literally understand the basic idea of someone who thinks definitely me. But like I physically cannot wrap my head around people like texas and florida. Well right? Yeah. Yeah. Like or like people like the governors who are like yeah I got all the data and it is getting worse but let's just open back up again. Like I kind of understood and I didn't agree with it but I could understand the, okay, it's not gone away completely. There's probably still too much, but let's open things up, it's going down. But now I think like we're back to where it was at the very worst, but we're just going to do more opening and not care and I just, I just physically cannot wrap my brain around how so many people in the United States have just gotten to the idea where it's like it is something that we have to live with but nobody else in the world has to live with it. It's just like I can't it's it's so wild. Yeah. So we were
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm studying so it's like I planned on majoring in sociology and Winery and Nikon, so like that's yeah, it's wild.
SPEAKER_L: One. I've always found like studying people super interesting. How is like, are you, are you undeclared right now then?
SPEAKER_R: I am, especially since it's like a liberal arts school, like you're given the chance to explore Yadi yada yada. Um So I am undeclared but like I kind of knew by last semester that like this is what I want to do. Um for me, sociology, like it's, I mean I'm like a huge extroverts um I'm on like Myers Briggs 89% extroverted if you know any graham, I'm a seven um so just like, yeah, I've loved humans, like I'm very relational based and so for me sociology is this beautiful interception of like history, education, social justice
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: psychology. I can like to me it's, it's like so much of what exactly I'm interested in. The end goal is like I'm probably just going to sell my soul for a little bit and do consulting. Like let's be real. I need to Payback The fact that I'm going to have 30 80K. A year school. Um
SPEAKER_L: Does
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it mean?
SPEAKER_R: then it's care. Yeah. Absolutely insane. Um And then go to law school, um work for a nonprofit and then run a nonprofit. So.
SPEAKER_L: Ooh, so
SPEAKER_R: Well, fear.
SPEAKER_L: that sound, that doesn't say that sounds pretty sweet. Like, like totally something that you should that more people should be doing. How did you?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's also while just like being at Duke because like I thought I was going to go to Ut Austin all my life, like I was a longhorn, like my brother and his wife like and everyone I knew like we were southern public school.
SPEAKER_L: More.
SPEAKER_R: Um And like it wasn't until like applying to Duke was very arbitrary. Um And like now that I'm here, it's crazy to think about like just the wealth that is here. Like, do you know Birkenstock? Yeah. Like I'm I'm friends with the air to Birkenstocks.
SPEAKER_L: What that world you gotta, you do not do not screw them over.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. No. Yeah. Like I he's one of my friends, like I paid for his lunch like once and he like tried to vent on me, I was like, no, no, no, no, no, I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: You know that that's when you should say, that's when you tell them that was actually more expensive that you didn't Yeah, sorry man. And it won't even mean it would be like, all right, cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's just like, it's been really interesting thinking about the privilege and and the wealth of this school versus a lot of like public school versus a lot of the other private schools like. But that's just like, I don't know, I learned out about that stuff and like in conversations and I could go on for a while.
SPEAKER_L: no more. That's like, I would say like Duke would be like, I've always thought about like in the next few years, like if I try to get a masters, like I think that's something I want to do and like I always fantasized by like maybe I can look here and like I'd like to go to one of these like Nice prestigious one. Like I am an hour away from northwestern. I, I'm gonna try my hardest. Like that would be so sweet to do something like that. But I am like, I went to, like I said indiana as I you and like it's a public school. But even then like there's a ton of like the, the general like Student body has a very, it's almost all white. It's like 90% white people, very hardly like upper class, especially if we have one of the best business schools in the world. And there's a ton of kids go there and like they're already super rich kids to begin with. So it kind of perpetuates and so it's but even then I think about that and then I think about, yeah, like, oh man, like to get into a private school. Like if I were to go to a Harvard, like ivy league type school or a Duke, a chapel hill is like, like one of these like super super like upper echelon type schools. I always wonder what that would have been like to do or if I were to deal in the future. But at the same time though, that's pretty sweet. So that's right. Duke.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. Yeah. Um For me the decision was more that like, I don't think I I would hate going to Harvard, like I have a lot of friends who like, especially like I grew up around a lot of like try hard asians who like education. I'm not kidding. Like the stereotype of the nerd who like did it all orchestra debate, like dance, like everything under the sun to try to get into one of these schools I grew up with and like, but the thing is, I just like, I don't know, I feel like everyone and a lot of the ivy leagues just have like a stick up their butt that I like, really don't appreciate and don't vibe with. So for me, like, I was like, huh? Duke might be okay because like, great sports, basketball, I'm also furious. March Madness was canceled last year,
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: curious.
SPEAKER_L: I know what I wore. I you is it's not as recently, I would say overall not as big as Duke, it's like Duke basketball is bananas. Um Actually like the I did band a lot, so I got to go to almost all of our basketball games. The one that I've
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: been looking
SPEAKER_R: far.
SPEAKER_L: for free was when I was a sophomore. This has been like three years ago, Duke came to IU um It was the most insane a environment I've ever been in. Um But that's one thing. But like basketball at IU is especially like you maybe you've heard like the serious like indiana and basketball are like it is the Heartland is like the home of basketball. And are you ever the first three years? I was there did not make the N. C. A. A. Tournament because we're trash and then this year we're not very good but like we would have made it probably like get or something like that but we would have made it. And then Like during the Big 10 tournament like we played our first game and then the next day is when uh they canceled everything. And so everybody was like this is this is like this is infuriating like we were just about to finally get back. Like there was like you couldn't say that we weren't gonna make it, it took it away from us.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Um No, I completely get it like. Yeah, so Duke Sports obviously super great. Yeah, I went to the Duke UNC game here, lost last year. Um It was so much fun. Unfortunately I got strep from it because we were sharing a lot of drinks and like me getting stressed was not great because that's when like coronavirus was like starting to pick up to and then I went on a spring break trip was like Three beach houses, like 50 students and I gave strapped like for like five people.
SPEAKER_L: no more.
SPEAKER_R: And so I felt awful because I was patient zero and I was like, oh my God, one of five crowd up anyways. Um beyond no, like I, I will go through my videos on my phone of like old, like parties and dart ease and like basketball games and sporting events and concerts and I'm just like, like it's a distraught.
SPEAKER_L: We were just, I think it was last week or maybe to what's supposed to be, I use homecoming and that would be my first homecoming is like a grad and like all of our friends were talking about and I still like tonight I'm gonna have a zoom call. I do it every friday with some of my college friends. We were all like talking about the factor like we should have been together again. And it was like, this is so depressing and Like the Alumni Association for I you already, they're like, yeah, 2021 this is when homecoming is to and from like that's great now. But like I can't even like, I don't even know if that's going to happen, like who
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: knows,
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: nobody knows anything. We're like, I don't even want to like get excited for something in the future. And so yeah, it was just, that's tough. I know has duke been able, have you guys done like home football games or fans have been able to like students have been able to go or
SPEAKER_R: no. Hell no. Um, I know a lot of the southern public schools have, I'm adding all of my friends on instagram. I remember seeing those pictures of like no one wearing mosques. Everyone just, yeah, it's heartbreaking. But no, we haven't. Um, I don't know if we ever, like if we won't for a while just because I think duke wants to prove that this is possible. And so if they fuck off, like they can't make any big mistakes like that. So I think admin being more conservative and to address your point of like not having like you don't want to get disappointed. I completely get you. Like I am, it's been tough just like, because we don't have, we didn't have a fall break. Like we didn't have any brakes. It's been nonstop. And so I got trigger happy and last night, like one or two nights ago booked a flight back to Atlanta for next weekend because I need to get away. Like I need a break. Like I'm going to a river to like hike with friends tomorrow. I've like had to start putting plans in place otherwise I have literally nothing to live for.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, Yeah, that's something I don't know, it's just, I feel I was going to a podcast yesterday and they had a person like submit and they talked about how they had cancelled a trip and then I had to re cancel it because they thought by this point we would not need to be here, but we are and so it's just, it's really tough and yeah, that's definitely super smart because I still have some friends, as I guess they said, Emily you removed, I still have some friends in bloomington indiana who are still doing school and they have the same thing, like they don't get any breaks. Um I think, I think thanksgiving, they get like two days but then the bank or something like that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: my God.
SPEAKER_L: it's it's super tough on them and or no actually I think at that point I don't know what their plan is, I don't go there um but like there's so many like places to go around, like there's India really close and I've seen a lot of people just go up there to places that are safer to go to and I think it's just like it's good obviously want to stay safe and you don't want to you by people but yesterday get away from school because if you're like I was going to go to school for a month and actually I need to get out of here just because you may love the place so much, like in four years you're gonna watch your back. But I totally makes sense in the middle. Like I hate this place so much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or not even that. I think even just like for me or for as an ira, we're not supposed to drink, but like, like for me last semester, it was a lot of like we're gonna grind all day friday or like saturday so that we can get blackout tonight or tomorrow night. You know, like we're like, oh my God, like we're gonna, let's do this, this and this to like, we're gonna go to this concert later. So you have to get all your work done beforehand. And there just isn't that like, I think that it's just taking a huge poem like mental health. Um and in general, yeah. Like we're ending by thanksgiving. So like we're in the last like four weeks of school, like finals are coming up and everyone just kind of like high key dying. Um, which is why like, and we have such a fucking long like winter break to like, mine is like two months, which normally is three weeks, which is insane. Um so, I've already made plans like, I'm going to live in Austin for a little bit and then like a beach house because otherwise I'm just going to jump off the chapel like
SPEAKER_L: Yes. It was fun though, I'm glad to say. I don't know. I mean The plans, you've made the whole like 3-2-month break. I don't know if I could do that. Like after three weeks I get sick of my parents, so I don't know. So that's probably very smart. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: we don't
SPEAKER_R: are your, is your family back um, back there as well?
SPEAKER_L: yeah or my family is from, we live, I grew up in Northwest Indiana. Um It was actually still somewhat like Chicago land. Like we get all the Chicago news like we've grade, they try to act like, you know who the governor of indiana is and nobody knows because we don't get indiana stuff, we
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: get more more in Chicago stuff. Uh lived closer to Chicago with my parents in indiana than I do now. Um, and I don't know how close I was. So they are, they're still there. And luckily part of that is like indiana is very conservative state and it definitely deserves a lot of the reputation advanced, uh, doesn't deserve some of it, but it definitely at times earns it. But it is like where my family's from is one of the three Voting districts that in 2016 did not go read that went blue. So my, my parents are in a good spot to where the surrounding area knows, like that's kind of way it is. So they're pretty safe where they're at foot. Yeah. When I don't know, like I also work and I live here now. I'm not just printing, so I'll probably just like stay here when it comes to breaks and stuff and just live in solitary confinement.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you have siblings back home? Is it just you and your parents?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I have, nobody lives, nobody lives with my parents anymore. They're older, like retired, but there's people that live in the area around them. So usually when I go home, I get to see four of them live in the area still. I'm like, there's eight of us, so I still get to see like a good bunch of them. And then every once a while, if it's, if I'm going back, it's usually for a holiday, someone will come in and so like we do have a I do have a sister who's coming in like the anti masker one, so how that one's gonna go, we'll see. But I'm just trusting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes sense. I have a I just have a brother, he's 12 years older, he's
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: the one in Atlanta. Yeah he's like 31 which is wild. Um But it's been it's been yeah siblings I think I'm very grateful for um yeah I think we are out of time or like over time.
SPEAKER_L: we're at like 31 minutes, so we are good to, I know you're probably busy doing college steps, so I will definitely let you go. Thanks for
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: We're hanging out and talking with me for 30 minutes work.
SPEAKER_R: of course this is definitely one of the more enjoyable.
SPEAKER_L: Is this the first time you've done it?
SPEAKER_R: No this is like the 5th. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh I think like one more than I guess according to the
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no I and it's been nice because it's like such a big bonus like.
SPEAKER_L: that brings like you got it.
SPEAKER_R: I know it is definitely. Um But yeah. Wait
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well
SPEAKER_R: okay I lost question. Do you play among us?
SPEAKER_L: I don't I've never played it but I keep seeing all these like memes and jokes about it. I have no idea what
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'm just wondering like what demographics it's infiltrated in.
SPEAKER_L: I know. A lot of my students play it and I know a lot of the college kids that I'm still friends with play it and I've had people recommend it to me. I've just never done it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay I'm just wondering.
SPEAKER_L: There's no worries. Yeah. Well, I will let you have a have a good day and you know, hopefully stay safe and all your your family and friends stay safe also.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_L: All right by now.