Hello? Hello, how are you?
I'm doing. Well also also yeah, I was just saying I'm also gonna I did I did one of these days the other day and I did I started like a little stopwatch to that kind of help us make sure we kept our time right? So I'll do that. So you're
where where? Hi I'm Noah.
you again?
Oh Dorothy nice, nice to meet you too. How's your how are you doing today?
All
Mine has been really pretty good too. It's been a little exhausting today. Friday's are always a little tiring for me just because I'm a teacher and so I r we do the way our schedule is made up and where we see half of our every other day and To my my 5678 periods. I have three classes out of the four and they're all scheduled so making sure kids are like doing stuff kind of take some things out of me but then I just got some time just relax for a little bit, which is nice and it kind of helped.
Where and they say that's college. I Just I'm a teacher now but I literally just this past fall I just graduated in 2020 from undergrad. So a college kind of lifestyle is still very much in my mind. Uh I totally get that though. I went to indiana University which is not as I would say probably as intense as do kids but. Uh huh. Well that's it snatched to that. That's pretty sweet.
No, no I'm not. So I'm teaching in, it's a suburb, like a northern suburb of Chicago. It's called grain.
If you know where that kind of areas I don't know. Um I live about, I'm like literally if you look at a map, it's called Lake county Illinois. It's right in between Milwaukee, Wisconsin in Chicago. So that's where I'm at. And I grew up in indiana, that's why I went there and then I just found a job up here and they pay me pretty well for what most teachers make in their first year. So I was I guess. Yeah
no
I change U. S. History for juniors. Yeah it's it's a good time. It was pretty cool because ever since I was a junior, like that's when I took it in high school and I like fell in love with it and that's kind of what made me want to teach social studies and so to be able to teach that class kind of like full circle.
Uh huh. That was like our first day of class. I was like how
do we look at history? And they're like oh it's all about the past. And the president was like you guys know, you're literally living history right now right? Like There's gonna like I am like in 15 years when I'm teaching again, like still teaching, we'll be talking about 2020 isn't I'm like cluster. Uh huh.
They're like oh that's so cool, like going into Iraq but uh it's funny,
I was in R. A. Mhm.
or
all
that's it.
For the
yeah. The thing is crazy though is that like whatever you like nobody's gonna know on that night, like
you're not going to know. And I wouldn't be surprised if Fox News and um oh am and like all of your super super right wing things regardless of what happens, call it for trump. And I wouldn't be surprised maybe even some of the other ones do too, but like nobody's going to know for maybe like even like a month or so afterwards. So. Election night. Yeah, I agree. It's probably gonna be like its own little cluster talk but I also wonder how much it will be because like there is so much unknown. Although given the fact that you're in north Carolina, I feel like it's definitely like a ton of people on both sides are going to be yes. Super super ticked off.
That's what I like. Some of my students and like none of my kids can vote because they're all juniors in high school, that's all this, that the most instead their 17th so they're not eligible. Um So but as the socialist teacher I'm like I can't not talk about it and so I've been doing extra credit assignments to watch the debates so like that was a trip. Um Oh and any more interesting though because what I try to do, as I say, pick three questions that the moderator asks, tell me what either side says. No, like interpreting, just tell me what they say, then give me your impression of each person and then who do you think one? And it's crazy seeing some of the kids who don't know, like I hate just right off a student for saying like trump one or two. Well you didn't watch the debate because I know I I'm I'm a democrat so like I knew that way and like I viewed both feeling like by totally one, but seeing some of the kids goes like, yeah trump had great points trump, had some really good points with good evidence. And I want, I can't just be like, what are you talking about? You're an idiot. Or like tell the kid who has this trump flag up in the background to like take it down, can't do those things, but like I have to be like somewhat like subtle about being like, oh have you thought about it this way? Why do you think that or say like, oh why do you think he brought that up? Do you think that that's fair? Put like posing a hypothetical that they to the premise of, and then I tell them like, oh well, did you know, trump did the opposite? And what's so it's it's so weird with like seeing kids that they're like this young right, buying into some of the stuff, but then it's also really uplifting when I read some of their some of their some of them or on the opposite side and it's not just I'm voting for like I would vote biden because like I hate trump but saying like, oh I don't know like I watched it, my parents and I discussed it and like, do you think that they were a lot more put together? Yeah. Excellent. You watching the big good job?
Yeah, I was.
so it's different for like everywhere because everywhere is different. So ours right now, I'm over zoom completely. But you mean the actually the week after election, So there's that whole week, there's that Tuesday week after that is where we are going to our hybrid plan, which is where um parents can off their kids out if they want to, if they say no, you're not going to school, they can't force them to, but we are going to be a quarter. So on monday will be always online and then Tuesday through friday We'll be we'll see 25% of the kids per day uh in the in person that will be very similar to like, I don't know, it's kind of where we're like, we're doing more like flip stuff, so like at home watch this stuff and then we'll just talk about it in class and the we'll just see how that goes. So I have no idea how that's gonna work. But in like, in my opinion, like I I don't think we should just keep it up, I don't think that we should be going back. Um But we we actually just had like a union meeting the other day and someone asked, they're like, well like, which to be honest, like why are we going back? Like this doesn't make a lot of sense. And like probably was like to be honest, it's just because the public wants us to go back and like at a certain point you have to just, you can't like they're the ones that pay our tax dollars like they my salary and so kind of with them. Why if cases start
going again like we'll go back to hybrid. But it's different for like there's different schools
in a conference who are gonna have been fully in person and then there's others who are continuing on. My roommate is a music teacher at the high school in the next town over. And they basically at least for the rest of the first semester they won't even entertain the thought. Um um Going back. So it's it's different everywhere. I mean it's just I think it depends on the the subgroup because I am in a pretty affluent, mostly white suburb and teaching again. And I think this like privileges these people who are like I can't believe my student has to go through this. Meanwhile, he teaches in a suburb where there's a lot of like lower income to middle class and a lot of minority students um usually or black students and they kind of don't have that look like they're gonna hit real hard. And so it's it's definitely super tough and like I don't and I don't I don't have any much superintendent, but also it's kind of an idiot
work.
Oh yeah, this is like the heart of Yeah.
So it's super. That's a good question. It's like super dependent on where you're from like court is um because the way the Illinois politics works too and you I don't know if you probably wouldn't make sense for you to have this challenge, but like Illinois a lot of times in like elections, especially for presidential elections lately goes blue just because the majority of the population of Chicago and Chicago. So this whole area gets a lot of democrats and a lot more liberal thinking people. So where I am at now, there is a lot of people taking mask mandates seriously doing all that and that's that's great. But if you like go south, if you go down southern Illinois, you don't get that as much. Like my sister lives in pennsylvania and that's a whole other ballgame like over there, they like, she's the type person that won't like, she's fully on like my kids, I don't want them wearing masks and all that. So midwest is super split, like the west coast and east coast those you get a lot of, I feel like you know more liberal and it's a lot more kind of, this is kind of the way it is like you said like Long Island, you get the people like L. A. Like that's good. But then once you kind of get towards in the middle, that's where things start to mingle a little bit.
What?
No,
I was just nuts off. I like I don't I just can't I don't know. Maybe like I always trying to like put my mindset in the mind of like I have to understand that like I come from it from this viewpoint but also and I always try to whether I agree with it or not, I try to just literally understand the basic idea of someone who thinks definitely me. But like I physically cannot wrap my head around people like texas and florida. Well right? Yeah. Yeah. Like or like people like the governors who are like yeah I got all the data and it is getting worse but let's just open back up again. Like I kind of understood and I didn't agree with it but I could understand the, okay, it's not gone away completely. There's probably still too much, but let's open things up, it's going down. But now I think like we're back to where it was at the very worst, but we're just going to do more opening and not care and I just, I just physically cannot wrap my brain around how so many people in the United States have just gotten to the idea where it's like it is something that we have to live with but nobody else in the world has to live with it. It's just like I can't it's it's so wild. Yeah. So we were
very
One. I've always found like studying people super interesting. How is like, are you, are you undeclared right now then?
What?
Does
it mean?
Ooh, so
that sound, that doesn't say that sounds pretty sweet. Like, like totally something that you should that more people should be doing. How did you?
More.
What that world you gotta, you do not do not screw them over.
You know that that's when you should say, that's when you tell them that was actually more expensive that you didn't Yeah, sorry man. And it won't even mean it would be like, all right, cool.
no more. That's like, I would say like Duke would be like, I've always thought about like in the next few years, like if I try to get a masters, like I think that's something I want to do and like I always fantasized by like maybe I can look here and like I'd like to go to one of these like Nice prestigious one. Like I am an hour away from northwestern. I, I'm gonna try my hardest. Like that would be so sweet to do something like that. But I am like, I went to, like I said indiana as I you and like it's a public school. But even then like there's a ton of like the, the general like Student body has a very, it's almost all white. It's like 90% white people, very hardly like upper class, especially if we have one of the best business schools in the world. And there's a ton of kids go there and like they're already super rich kids to begin with. So it kind of perpetuates and so it's but even then I think about that and then I think about, yeah, like, oh man, like to get into a private school. Like if I were to go to a Harvard, like ivy league type school or a Duke, a chapel hill is like, like one of these like super super like upper echelon type schools. I always wonder what that would have been like to do or if I were to deal in the future. But at the same time though, that's pretty sweet. So that's right. Duke.
or
I know what I wore. I you is it's not as recently, I would say overall not as big as Duke, it's like Duke basketball is bananas. Um Actually like the I did band a lot, so I got to go to almost all of our basketball games. The one that I've
been looking
for free was when I was a sophomore. This has been like three years ago, Duke came to IU um It was the most insane a environment I've ever been in. Um But that's one thing. But like basketball at IU is especially like you maybe you've heard like the serious like indiana and basketball are like it is the Heartland is like the home of basketball. And are you ever the first three years? I was there did not make the N. C. A. A. Tournament because we're trash and then this year we're not very good but like we would have made it probably like get or something like that but we would have made it. And then Like during the Big 10 tournament like we played our first game and then the next day is when uh they canceled everything. And so everybody was like this is this is like this is infuriating like we were just about to finally get back. Like there was like you couldn't say that we weren't gonna make it, it took it away from us.
no more.
We were just, I think it was last week or maybe to what's supposed to be, I use homecoming and that would be my first homecoming is like a grad and like all of our friends were talking about and I still like tonight I'm gonna have a zoom call. I do it every friday with some of my college friends. We were all like talking about the factor like we should have been together again. And it was like, this is so depressing and Like the Alumni Association for I you already, they're like, yeah, 2021 this is when homecoming is to and from like that's great now. But like I can't even like, I don't even know if that's going to happen, like who
knows,
nobody knows anything. We're like, I don't even want to like get excited for something in the future. And so yeah, it was just, that's tough. I know has duke been able, have you guys done like home football games or fans have been able to like students have been able to go or
Exactly, Yeah, that's something I don't know, it's just, I feel I was going to a podcast yesterday and they had a person like submit and they talked about how they had cancelled a trip and then I had to re cancel it because they thought by this point we would not need to be here, but we are and so it's just, it's really tough and yeah, that's definitely super smart because I still have some friends, as I guess they said, Emily you removed, I still have some friends in bloomington indiana who are still doing school and they have the same thing, like they don't get any breaks. Um I think, I think thanksgiving, they get like two days but then the bank or something like that. Yeah,
it's it's super tough on them and or no actually I think at that point I don't know what their plan is, I don't go there um but like there's so many like places to go around, like there's India really close and I've seen a lot of people just go up there to places that are safer to go to and I think it's just like it's good obviously want to stay safe and you don't want to you by people but yesterday get away from school because if you're like I was going to go to school for a month and actually I need to get out of here just because you may love the place so much, like in four years you're gonna watch your back. But I totally makes sense in the middle. Like I hate this place so much.
Yes. It was fun though, I'm glad to say. I don't know. I mean The plans, you've made the whole like 3-2-month break. I don't know if I could do that. Like after three weeks I get sick of my parents, so I don't know. So that's probably very smart. Yeah,
I mean
we don't
yeah or my family is from, we live, I grew up in Northwest Indiana. Um It was actually still somewhat like Chicago land. Like we get all the Chicago news like we've grade, they try to act like, you know who the governor of indiana is and nobody knows because we don't get indiana stuff, we
get more more in Chicago stuff. Uh lived closer to Chicago with my parents in indiana than I do now. Um, and I don't know how close I was. So they are, they're still there. And luckily part of that is like indiana is very conservative state and it definitely deserves a lot of the reputation advanced, uh, doesn't deserve some of it, but it definitely at times earns it. But it is like where my family's from is one of the three Voting districts that in 2016 did not go read that went blue. So my, my parents are in a good spot to where the surrounding area knows, like that's kind of way it is. So they're pretty safe where they're at foot. Yeah. When I don't know, like I also work and I live here now. I'm not just printing, so I'll probably just like stay here when it comes to breaks and stuff and just live in solitary confinement.
Oh yeah. I have, nobody lives, nobody lives with my parents anymore. They're older, like retired, but there's people that live in the area around them. So usually when I go home, I get to see four of them live in the area still. I'm like, there's eight of us, so I still get to see like a good bunch of them. And then every once a while, if it's, if I'm going back, it's usually for a holiday, someone will come in and so like we do have a I do have a sister who's coming in like the anti masker one, so how that one's gonna go, we'll see. But I'm just trusting.
Whoa.
we're at like 31 minutes, so we are good to, I know you're probably busy doing college steps, so I will definitely let you go. Thanks for
We're hanging out and talking with me for 30 minutes work.
Is this the first time you've done it?
Oh I think like one more than I guess according to the
that brings like you got it.
All right. Well
I don't I've never played it but I keep seeing all these like memes and jokes about it. I have no idea what
I know. A lot of my students play it and I know a lot of the college kids that I'm still friends with play it and I've had people recommend it to me. I've just never done it.
There's no worries. Yeah. Well, I will let you have a have a good day and you know, hopefully stay safe and all your your family and friends stay safe also.
All right by now.