Hi,
I'm doing good, how are you
often?
Nice to meet you. Sorry I'm let me grab my computer charger before it does.
I'm Dorothy really nice to meet you.
Um I was doing pretty good. I don't know, I like sudden wave of exhaustion kind of hit me potentially because I started working on the project,
I just didn't want to do it. Um Yeah, how about you?
yeah I'm a sophomore at Duke, so my I'm sorry. Um So my um the class, I don't have any classes on Fridays which is really nice. Um But the thing is I'm like doing so much but typically it just flies by regardless, like I don't really get the the rest that I like, I always tell myself I need or I should get.
Are you still teaching in indiana
often?
definitely have a couple friends from Chicago but like I I really couldn't tell you much more than that. I'm from Houston, so
I'm pretty far self. Um What do you teach and what grades?
Yeah. That's dope. Especially like this year
hey?
definitely.
yeah, I was actually just talking to someone about this, but like because I'm also an R. A. Um.
it's been it's been weird because like I just became one because like Duke has done a bunch of shit like that shit, like they just have had to change a lot of what colleges like this year. Um And like once again I I props to admin like we give them a lot of crap. Um But like they've done so much like everything they can to make sure we can be back on campus, like I had to do a room university, I would have taken a semester off. Um Yeah
and so long story short I was talking to someone about like Knights were worried about um I said Halloween. I'm worried about just like kids losing it holla weekend because it's a saturday. Like
it's an extra that it's full moon, it's a saturday and it's daylight savings, so you get an extra hour, like if there's a there's a time to party and like,
like this is it. Yeah. And then my friend was like, no, I'm worried about election, like people, like both sides are going to be furious regardless of who loses. Like um I was like the fact I think that night like is going to be one of those nights. Kind of like, Maybe it's been a great analogy, but like 9:11 where you remember where you were when you found out? Like we're going to remember where
we were.
No.
Yeah. It's just been weird because like I grew up, like I grew up in Houston, like, like I thought he was like, you know, I was like, oh, we're city like we're relatively like blue, which is true. But like as I've left and you know, like a lot of my friends are from like long Island, like California where it's that blue, you know? And like I've come to realize that I grew up in a christian asian southern conservatives like community and that's been really wild like with comparing that environment with like duke because it's still pretty liberal. But like, I definitely know kids here who are voting trump, which is like really disappointing. Um We're not disappointing. It's interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. It's interesting
now. How is that, how like, how is teaching right now, like is it over zoo? What is, what's the
All
I think,
Yeah. Yeah. That's an interesting um do in Ireland like like the content midwest right
on that. Yeah.
Um Have people been taking it like Syria like corona like have they been wearing masks or like what's the general vibe with the pandemic and all of that?
Right now that's interesting. I'm just asking because like I once again from texas um I did a road trip in the middle. I don't know why I did this in the middle of the pandemic. I went on a road trip from Houston to Atlanta because I have family in Atlanta. Um and obviously we were very safe like. Yeah. Um and so like I had to drive through Louisiana Alabama, a lot of like you know like deep south and um I went to a like we stopped at Costco only just because like I feel like people who go to Costco, I feel at Costco's are typically like well like wealthier um people who are like they take it more seriously. So I only stopped at cost goes. But um I stopped at one station like it's a really big gas station in texas but and there's only one outside of texas and it was
in Alabama. Um It was the scariest thing like I've ever been to like it was maybe like two, yeah, three months ago, so still the heart of the pandemic. There was about 100 people like shoved into, it was like sunday night football, like there
were so many people know masks, I was the only person of color, like I thought I was going to die so we got a student possible.
mean,
yeah, I'm studying so it's like I planned on majoring in sociology and Winery and Nikon, so like that's yeah, it's wild.
I am, especially since it's like a liberal arts school, like you're given the chance to explore Yadi yada yada. Um So I am undeclared but like I kind of knew by last semester that like this is what I want to do. Um for me, sociology, like it's, I mean I'm like a huge extroverts um I'm on like Myers Briggs 89% extroverted if you know any graham, I'm a seven um so just like, yeah, I've loved humans, like I'm very relational based and so for me sociology is this beautiful interception of like history, education, social justice
psychology. I can like to me it's, it's like so much of what exactly I'm interested in. The end goal is like I'm probably just going to sell my soul for a little bit and do consulting. Like let's be real. I need to Payback The fact that I'm going to have 30 80K. A year school. Um
and
then it's care. Yeah. Absolutely insane. Um And then go to law school, um work for a nonprofit and then run a nonprofit. So.
Well, fear.
Mhm. It's also while just like being at Duke because like I thought I was going to go to Ut Austin all my life, like I was a longhorn, like my brother and his wife like and everyone I knew like we were southern public school.
Um And like it wasn't until like applying to Duke was very arbitrary. Um And like now that I'm here, it's crazy to think about like just the wealth that is here. Like, do you know Birkenstock? Yeah. Like I'm I'm friends with the air to Birkenstocks.
definitely. No. Yeah. Like I he's one of my friends, like I paid for his lunch like once and he like tried to vent on me, I was like, no, no, no, no, no, I'm good.
Yeah, so it's just like, it's been really interesting thinking about the privilege and and the wealth of this school versus a lot of like public school versus a lot of the other private schools like. But that's just like, I don't know, I learned out about that stuff and like in conversations and I could go on for a while.
I agree. Yeah. Um For me the decision was more that like, I don't think I I would hate going to Harvard, like I have a lot of friends who like, especially like I grew up around a lot of like try hard asians who like education. I'm not kidding. Like the stereotype of the nerd who like did it all orchestra debate, like dance, like everything under the sun to try to get into one of these schools I grew up with and like, but the thing is, I just like, I don't know, I feel like everyone and a lot of the ivy leagues just have like a stick up their butt that I like, really don't appreciate and don't vibe with. So for me, like, I was like, huh? Duke might be okay because like, great sports, basketball, I'm also furious. March Madness was canceled last year,
curious.
so
far.
I know. Um No, I completely get it like. Yeah, so Duke Sports obviously super great. Yeah, I went to the Duke UNC game here, lost last year. Um It was so much fun. Unfortunately I got strep from it because we were sharing a lot of drinks and like me getting stressed was not great because that's when like coronavirus was like starting to pick up to and then I went on a spring break trip was like Three beach houses, like 50 students and I gave strapped like for like five people.
And so I felt awful because I was patient zero and I was like, oh my God, one of five crowd up anyways. Um beyond no, like I, I will go through my videos on my phone of like old, like parties and dart ease and like basketball games and sporting events and concerts and I'm just like, like it's a distraught.
you
know.
no. Hell no. Um, I know a lot of the southern public schools have, I'm adding all of my friends on instagram. I remember seeing those pictures of like no one wearing mosques. Everyone just, yeah, it's heartbreaking. But no, we haven't. Um, I don't know if we ever, like if we won't for a while just because I think duke wants to prove that this is possible. And so if they fuck off, like they can't make any big mistakes like that. So I think admin being more conservative and to address your point of like not having like you don't want to get disappointed. I completely get you. Like I am, it's been tough just like, because we don't have, we didn't have a fall break. Like we didn't have any brakes. It's been nonstop. And so I got trigger happy and last night, like one or two nights ago booked a flight back to Atlanta for next weekend because I need to get away. Like I need a break. Like I'm going to a river to like hike with friends tomorrow. I've like had to start putting plans in place otherwise I have literally nothing to live for.
my God.
Yeah. Or not even that. I think even just like for me or for as an ira, we're not supposed to drink, but like, like for me last semester, it was a lot of like we're gonna grind all day friday or like saturday so that we can get blackout tonight or tomorrow night. You know, like we're like, oh my God, like we're gonna, let's do this, this and this to like, we're gonna go to this concert later. So you have to get all your work done beforehand. And there just isn't that like, I think that it's just taking a huge poem like mental health. Um and in general, yeah. Like we're ending by thanksgiving. So like we're in the last like four weeks of school, like finals are coming up and everyone just kind of like high key dying. Um, which is why like, and we have such a fucking long like winter break to like, mine is like two months, which normally is three weeks, which is insane. Um so, I've already made plans like, I'm going to live in Austin for a little bit and then like a beach house because otherwise I'm just going to jump off the chapel like
You know,
do you
are your, is your family back um, back there as well?
here.
Yeah. Do you have siblings back home? Is it just you and your parents?
Yeah that makes sense. I have a I just have a brother, he's 12 years older, he's
the one in Atlanta. Yeah he's like 31 which is wild. Um But it's been it's been yeah siblings I think I'm very grateful for um yeah I think we are out of time or like over time.
I know.
of course this is definitely one of the more enjoyable.
No this is like the 5th. Um
Yeah no I and it's been nice because it's like such a big bonus like.
I know it is definitely. Um But yeah. Wait
okay I lost question. Do you play among us?
Okay I'm just wondering like what demographics it's infiltrated in.
Okay I'm just wondering.
Yeah. You too.