SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Little bit, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah, I was thinking about yeah, yeah, yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can hear you. Penny hear me
SPEAKER_L: you look. That's everything's good.
SPEAKER_R: awesome. How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Um Good. Finally, I was there like the first person I'm able to finally get ahold of. So like, yeah, I've tried several times and like, this is like my fourth or fifth attempt.
SPEAKER_R: Really, wow. That's annoying because like you only get paid like a dollar 50 if the person doesn't
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: show
SPEAKER_L: only.
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know, but it's not bad. I mean, I'm just sitting here like I'd rather just sit here with you. You, but yeah, I know. It sucks, but this is the first time. So I'm looking forward to the bonus. Finally,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you mean like it's your first time like ever, or is it your first time in this round?
SPEAKER_L: Ever like getting ahold of some, Yeah, I know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: went
SPEAKER_L: multiple rounds, but yeah, no, never any luck. And I'm like, okay, maybe this time. And like, I was just like on my phone, I'm like, yeah, good luck with this one. And then I see the screen change. So I'm like, oh shit. You know, I remember.
SPEAKER_R: well sorry about, sorry about being late, I have a newborn, he's a pre
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: nobody old called regret.
SPEAKER_R: he just popped off like right now and I was like oh now I almost thought I was going to have to like bring him with
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean, yeah, sure fine. You'll get a bonus for person on. No, but what's his name?
SPEAKER_R: his name is Nicholas, but we call him Nico and
SPEAKER_L: Well that's
SPEAKER_R: He um the
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: poor little guy, he's only 11 days old and he's kind of having um you know it's called failure to thrive where normally when a baby comes home from the hospital um they lose some weight, like it's customary but he lost like more and I won't go into why, but it's a lot of drama.
SPEAKER_L: Horn
SPEAKER_R: Uh and then today so he's having a hard time feeding and they think it's like there's this like tongue tip issue. So today we went to the specialist, like the poor guy and he skipped the nick you. So he's lucky in that regard. But literally every day he's been out of the hospital
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: he's been at a doctor or a lab. And but um so today we went to the specialist and I got there and I thought we were just there for like a consult and then they were going to tell us like hey we want to do like a procedure, we wanted to do occupational therapy or whatever and they're just like oh we want to do the procedure right now and I'm like okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Kind of like, like what? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I didn't understand but basically it's like the fragile um like the front heart down here, they just like clip it so um it's actually outpatient and um I guess not as big of a deal as I kind of thought it was but so I was like you know dad's like waiting in the parking lot and I have like no reception in the
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: building.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, under a tree. Right?
SPEAKER_R: So because they don't let like more than one parent into anything at a time, like I took him to the er last week and I was like alone with him, which is fine. But you know if you have a partner who's like attentive and helpful, you kind of sometimes want your partner there or whatever but so it's been um an eventful time. And so today he had his friend Ellen clipped and he was so chill about it, he was way more chill than
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: about it. But now you know he's like noticing like there's something going on in my mouth, like you could see him when I tried to feed him, he was just like, looking like everyone okay. And so he's a little bit fussy, but I was so happy because I was like, I'm gonna have to bring him to this session because obviously I didn't plan for this, but
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: went
SPEAKER_R: husband just spoke up, so I was like, oh yeah, so that was cool. So that's kind of been what I've been up to. What have you been up to?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not really much of anything. Um because of my situation, I really just like stay home and now that's really it, I just stay home and I'm gonna spare time. I just like do surveys or oh, or try to paint, but right now I don't have any paints so I'm waiting to get paid um um um so yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm I'm on maternity leave, so I'm stoked because I'm used to, like my job is like a really intense kind of job where I managed like a lot of people and um just like super super stressful kind of stuff. And so I'm actually kind of enjoying it because I'm getting
SPEAKER_L: What kind of industry, if you don't mind? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm not actually, I work in quality management for a huge dental companies. So um and it's a company that doesn't have like the greatest reputation of the world per se. So um yeah
SPEAKER_L: you're not going to tell me what it
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is?
SPEAKER_R: why I never tell anyone like where were people,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: completely,
SPEAKER_R: have some strong reactions. And what I try to explain to people is like how I can look myself in the mirror every day and keep going is that you know our team is like the good guys of the bad company, meaning that we're we're catching all the doctors that are doing stuff they shouldn't be doing. We're firing them were reporting them to the dental board where you know, we're fixing problems that exist within the organization. You know patients. I also oversee like a small call center in addition to the entire grieving process
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, you're busy.
SPEAKER_R: in addition to the entire grievance process and some other things. So um you know patients call in and
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: they have questions, they say, I don't know is it normal for a dentist to do this? Uh No that's not normal, you know? Or is it can you explain how this works to me? So it's like a gig where you can really feel good about what you do, but just not the company that you work for. So I hate when people ask me like what's the name of the company? Because I'm like well you don't understand though, I'm the good guy, like I'm the good guy in the
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: it's like people know of, or I've heard of or like
SPEAKER_R: it's a huge company. I mean there's only like yeah a few huge dental companies. So
SPEAKER_L: I, all I know is like the word thing 88. Is that the American Dental Association? I
SPEAKER_R: so anyways it's just
SPEAKER_L: I'm not in the industry.
SPEAKER_R: it finds a big mess and it's a big mess and so there's a lot of it's like also um a lot of like uh liability decisions because basically like where my department leaves off the next step is legal. So it's kind
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of like
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: four things that's illegal.
SPEAKER_L: I was gonna ask. I imagine that your job is like a, like a sort of like where you need a degree or
SPEAKER_R: I mean it helps. I mean I do have degrees, so it does help,
SPEAKER_L: That's like, what, like what kind of like uh like what kind of training do you have for like for like the population?
SPEAKER_R: It's so funny because I have none. So I started there nine years ago and I started out as a rep taking calls and
SPEAKER_L: Moved up. That's good. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I actually have a masters in clinical psychology and I used to be a psychotherapist. Yeah, I was I was in I was like in the social services arena when I first got out of college at 21, I were kind of as a social worker type character. Um and then went back and got my masters in clinical psychology. So then I was a psychotherapist for Children and adolescents and
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: along.
SPEAKER_R: did her a while and then I had this um it had, there was a lot of stuff that happened, but basically just in a nutshell, I wasn't really taking care of myself very well.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm a little bit like too involved and I get too involved
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and that make.
SPEAKER_L: like the situations like he led like emotions that come through.
SPEAKER_R: And then I had this incident where I had a client become really psychotic and he was like stalking me and his dad was going to kill me and It was very, very dramatic and it was a case that just broke my heart because I had seen different night. There were 11 kids in that family and I had seen several of those kids and pretty much the reason, one of the main reasons why I'm still alive is because number one, I first started
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: seeing
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: the eldest brother who controls the family and he's in prison
SPEAKER_L: Follow
SPEAKER_R: now, he's
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: in prison now, but
SPEAKER_L: book.
SPEAKER_R: um he, you know, so he kind of, he liked me, you know, so he kind of signaled to the other kids that like, you know, he really liked me so they shouldn't, you know, stab me basically. So, so one of the younger brothers, he actually tried to sneak
SPEAKER_L: We better.
SPEAKER_R: into his first session with me because they're just a very disturbed group of kids and his mom actually brist him before he came in and found
SPEAKER_L: May
SPEAKER_R: the weapon because he was
SPEAKER_L: I ask I'm
SPEAKER_R: to shame
SPEAKER_L: sorry?
SPEAKER_R: me. Uh he was going to shake me, so
SPEAKER_L: where where where was in, what state was this or
SPEAKER_R: I'm in southern California.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know what the money? Because I was thinking California?
SPEAKER_R: very much so, very much so. So this this last kid in the family that I was saying, I just I loved, I loved those kids, just so you know, I loved him and I still love him and he just got progressively progressively worse and social services was involved and it was like really ugly and it just was like a thing where I couldn't understand what was happening because like the social worker would call me and say, hey, you know, we have, uh, you know, a detective following him and last night he beat up three people in a gas station and we were going to take him in, but we decided not to and we're just going to wait and see how this happened, but how this works out. So I never want my kids to be criminalized. But here's another kicker is that he, his father, their father serve time hard time for domestic violence against the mother. They reunited him with that debt with that guy while I was his therapist. And it was the worst thing. So this guy, his dad would drive him over to the mom's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: house and have him assault and knocked down the door his mother's door and assault the mother and then he would come in and assault the mother.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because I think those type of people don't change really like the like domestic abuse stuff like that,
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: would not, we were not rehabilitated in any way. And I know because I worked in a domestic violence shelter and counseling center for years and he was he received like no rehabilitation and he actually came to therapy. He was the one I started seeing. So I was trying to help him and he was an incredibly disturbed man. So I'm constantly like the social workers like, yeah, we know he's disturbed and we know that he took him over there to beat up his mom and but we're just gonna wait and see to see what happens. And then I'm like the therapist in this situation, you know, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: No it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like the therapist in the situation and I'm like, um okay, so eventually this kid got really psychotic so he loved me to like we had a great relationship. I was the only person he trusted in life like period. And then he started coming to sessions and started getting psychotic and paranoid about me unfortunately. So once he became paranoid about me,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: when he started
SPEAKER_R: that's when the violence and stuff started happening and it became like a very dangerous situation that
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: I probably
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: I probably
SPEAKER_L: father?
SPEAKER_R: should have protected myself against more.
SPEAKER_L: So you you would deal with the father then where the guy that
SPEAKER_R: I used to see the mom and then because of the domestic violence and the dad having custody of him at the time, I offered mom would come in separately on a different day or that we could just continue. And we got her treatment at a clinic that was actually closer to where she moved to. So she was getting treatment as well. But um, and then, you know, some of the kids, I saw some of the other kids too. I would go to their schools to see them because they couldn't make a decision. Like they had no one really to bring them and yeah. So he started you know with the psychosis in my office about how he thought I was recording him and I was you know, I had computers that were transcribing his sessions and I was reporting them to you know, authority. I don't know different things and so
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, I don't I don't
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: want to cut you off
SPEAKER_R: Please
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: like seriously?
SPEAKER_L: There was there was I don't really watch netflix but my somebody recommended um I was like an interactive movie Bandersnatch, I think it was called. I don't know if you've ever seen. It sounds very similar to that like where
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the sun was like cause he wasn't like involved in computer programming back in like in the 80s, you know? So it's like it's like when computers, video
SPEAKER_R: Uncle.
SPEAKER_L: games like Yeah, so like it was like they were trying to come up with the ideas for this game, but like in the netflix you get to choose like the outcomes. It's like one of those books were you choose like the story.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like that, but like like the kids started thinking like that he was being spied on and everything and you know, so it's kind of weird. It's like a very weird interactive thing. Yeah, just well you know, it's like netflix so you know, it's like like weird
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: into that because that sounds pretty interesting to me. I love that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was crazy, but anyways, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, it's fine. I didn't mean to like dominate the conversation, but now you've got me knowing. So uh and so like I just knew there was like a lot of danger. And I went to the you know had a very good relationship with the executive director of our clinic and my supervisor and they just failed to protect me. Like they just encouraged me to keep going, increased sessions three times a week. I was going to social services. I was like I was all caught up in this and it was stuff like you know I couldn't build for bill time for but still like I would go um naturally anything to do to help the kids and like um I just you know everyone was treating me kind of like I was getting paranoid and I wasn't I was afraid and my family was afraid like you know, I let
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: reason to be a good thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I felt like I was in a lot of danger and he would write you know 15 page letters and deliver.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds crazy.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: one so one
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: day
SPEAKER_L: you never
SPEAKER_R: I was in the park so
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I was in a parking lot and our parking lot was terrible because it was shared with the clients so they can see your car, your
SPEAKER_L: that's not
SPEAKER_R: life
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: play. I'm telling you it was whack, it was whack.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what like, like, like like in hospitals like, you know, they usually have thrown designated like, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And so I don't know what happened, but I got in my car one night because of course like the clinic closes at like seven. I mean you could have earlier sessions, but I would leave around 7-8 and I got in my car and I don't know like it was just like a because I was so I was like freaked out, I was like looking under my car in my car, I was taking like all precautions and I just like got in the car and I just like started I just started pumping the brakes, I just started pumping the brakes and I realized that I had no brakes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The fuck home, wow.
SPEAKER_R: but nothing happened
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: because I just put on, you know, I just like, I was like, oh wow, something's wrong with my brakes and I just, you know, took care of it and got out of the car and like called my husband at the time I think was my boyfriend. And I just said, you know, can you come get me, please come get me, please help me. And I was like five minutes away. I you know, so he just came and got me and they checked it out and I had like, my mechanic comes like the next morning and they were like your brake lines have been cut like blah blah blah. I just said, you know what, I'm
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: gonna put in my number, I'm gonna
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: put in my notice
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: that yeah, so I put in my notice to resign the next morning and I said, you know, and I'm going to take a break, I'm going to take a break, I'm going to take like a year off and I'm going to get some other kind of job that's easy to do, and I'm just going to see if in a year I feel like coming back to doing this again, you know, and hopefully I do and I feel better, but I never felt like going back.
SPEAKER_L: No, I wouldn't end she and that's the reason why I like when I was growing up, like I really wanted to be a doctor, but as I as uh then later in life, you know, I'm like, you know what, I don't think I want to have to be in a situation where where I deal with other people's lives, especially like having to make uh life and death decisions because they give you a small list of like, things like why did you give them that that over the counter medicine? You know? It's like I figured it would be okay, you know? So it's like it's I don't I can't deal with that, you know, I can barely take care of my life. So it's like here.
SPEAKER_R: I feel the same. That's why now I'm just a lot happier if a person because it is like about me and my life now, and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Although I can't say I'm thrilled and happy all the time, at least I get a chance to like, take care of myself because in situations like that, he was just one of my clients, I had 30, you know, so you can imagine, you know, it's just a lot and
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: you're always just kind and their Children,
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: so it's worse. No because their Children
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know, your Children? Yeah. Like you having to see the raw emotions, you know, It's like,
SPEAKER_R: and they're
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: all like they're all being neglected, there's like a lot of parental neglect going on at that clinic.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't I wouldn't be able to deal with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's too much, it's way too much. I'm just telling you I can't take it
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, no, I guess I guess like I get really like, like, you know emotional when I see like kids suffering, you know? You know, because it's like how can a parent do that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. My little brother just went back to grad school and he was saying he got an offer from child protective services to work from them and that they would pay like pretty much for his whole degree and would give him like X. Y. Z. And he was actually considering it and I was like what is wrong with you? You cannot work there, you cannot work at child protective services like you will not make it like.
SPEAKER_L: I think honestly, and I think they tear apart families more than than like actually help them
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I told him, I said I don't think you have any idea of what you're talking about. I told him go to a clinic where you interact with them and see what happens and then you decide because I've interacted with them a lot. I don't work for ever work for
SPEAKER_L: hey
SPEAKER_R: them and it's horrible.
SPEAKER_L: baby.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, oh thank God I'm not her. You know what I mean? Even though I was in bad shape, I would feel sorry for them. Those social workers like, oh heck no, you couldn't pay me enough. You couldn't pay for my school and have me commit to two years. Do you know? He was going to commit to a two year thing with that
SPEAKER_L: We'll talk with them. We
SPEAKER_R: and I told them like if it's that bad, I'll just help you pay for your education. I'll just bankroll it. If that's what needs to happen, then I'll bankroll it because I'll find a way because there's no way and how I'm gonna let my baby brother like go work for protective services. It's intense. Sorry
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: you have a conversation going right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the whole thing, but having to deal with Children like, uh since we live here on the border, I live here in texas, right on the border, like Corey, like see like where they talk about the kids and occasion and stuff, you know? Like you were making a lot of it like before, like trump like the Narco wars. Like it was like we were never mentioned in the news and then all of a sudden it's like, like we're like constantly coming up on national, like, like national news or headlines or whatever. And because we have a, we have like one of those um sanctuary like churches here. And I know I had seen it, I had seen numerous times being like reporting on like on on Fox and CNN. Um But yeah it's a it's a disaster like my friends constantly like like like just posting about like how we have kids in cages and stuff. Like the reality was that they were always there. You know, they're like these cages didn't just pop up. It's like
SPEAKER_R: you're right that's what I just not recently. I don't know why but that's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: mm Yeah it's really bad. Um So he said you live in southern California, Are
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you closest cereals,
SPEAKER_R: to where?
SPEAKER_L: burritos or cerritos? What?
SPEAKER_R: my little brother lives in Cerritos. Yeah I mean I'm like a 10 minute drive from Cerritos.
SPEAKER_L: I have a I have a really good uh friend from uh the military that lives with him
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: and his
SPEAKER_R: brother
SPEAKER_L: wife.
SPEAKER_R: I'm telling you about is the one that lives in cerritos. I actually went I went to high school in Lakewood which is the next city over like where?
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: That's like my area.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: It's a good area, it's a nice area,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I figured I mean he went to school and he like he and his wife because they they met in the military and um they got married, you know, maybe whatever. They ended up moving like healing from new york and he lived in California. so he like, she like completely like left everything for him, so like they're living out there and yeah, like I said like they graduated together and everything so it's pretty cool
SPEAKER_R: So how long have you been on prolific
SPEAKER_L: Um um You know, I didn't even know I made like Already like £600.. Um I'm using it for like a like uh in all honesty, I really just started using it like recently, like heavily like like this past past like I guess here. Uh but I've been on it for a couple of years I think, I can't remember when I started, but because I had I had a situation where I was just like I didn't have a job, so I started trying to make money online and I started mturk but that was really crappy and then I found this one so it's been years, but I just I just don't know this is mostly deal with computers. So uh like anything like I really um I got to school for first I started like making money online and then um I told my wife I wanted to go for uh for school school for computer computers something. But the to hook me up with like a one year school or like I got a bunch of certifications. Yeah so I um that's why I like uh like if I'm not mess around with a lot of computer stuff and like a make money online that that way, but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: also by like fixing computers for like friends and family or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's really good,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I was supposed to work in the corporate world but like um since we're like where I live here because we have a lot of like, you know like the illegal problems Like we're like literally like right on the border, like like 10 minute drive will get me to the border.
SPEAKER_R: wow. You're so close to it wow.
SPEAKER_L: It's like we're literally like, like like you can already tell like how like um it's like we're becoming like more like Mexico than like uh like how it was before because like now you'll see like uh like a lot of like buildings like everything is in spanish now like before,
SPEAKER_R: All the
SPEAKER_L: you know, a little bit. It's like they're like, it's like now it's like they don't even care. Like it's just like completely spanish communities and stuff, you know? Just fine by me. I mean I'm hispanic, I don't care. But yeah, it was like we're really it's like they're literally it's like almost like an invasion because like you go and anywhere you go, it's like it's going to be um it's like like people that literally come like you can tell that they have the mexican accent. You know I I mean I used to I grew up in Mexico at times um so I can hear it in the in the voices. It's not that I'm like I'm discriminating or anything but they really have taken over and like and they like we have spots where like you don't go because it's like they can be pretty bad, you know? Rough. Yeah, I'm sure you know over there in California you have you have your whatever. But uh yeah I know it's, how far are you from the border? Like
SPEAKER_R: Far.
SPEAKER_L: would you have
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: research
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: from California a lot? Like I really don't
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's like a three hour drive. I haven't been
SPEAKER_L: So if
SPEAKER_R: I think I went to rosarito like maybe a year and a half ago was my last visit there And it was about like a 3-hour drive. Um So yeah, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know that that's a big disk because like when you're saying three hour drive, it's like us from here to san Antonio is a three hour drive.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: like san Antonio to the valley is a huge difference. Is like over there is like your party already like in like in like like in the U. S. Like over here like we're still like we're like like Mexico us like Mexico.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: 10 pence. That's so intense.
SPEAKER_L: it's because like I have like my friend and my roommate and she's white you know? And she's like I've experienced so much discrimination racism here. She's from indiana. But she grew up she ended up moving up here like a 13 or whatever. So she she she was she constantly was being picked on because of a race here because she's like like she sticks out like she's like not like like like why she's like quite like, like she's got strawberry blonde hair, she's got the accent and the cultural, milky white skin and everything. So it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: think we're a, she's a wearer
SPEAKER_L: she's yeah she's extremely wet. Yes. Yes. And she but she, she like, she would hate it. Like, like she's like, now you can tell that um it's really that bothered her because she doesn't like going anywhere now.
SPEAKER_R: were you
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: saying
SPEAKER_L: she.
SPEAKER_R: like kind of in the area there's not like a lot of economic opportunity for people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There there's not, there's not really like, like you said, call centers that I've noticed that there's been an influx of call centers to you to the valley because before it was just like ticketmaster and like tele performance and now there's like all kinds of call centers here and because of the low below the, the cost of living down here is ridiculous. It's like, uh like I like people think that like when I get from the military's like a lot, like for after for like, does that mean discharge? Like medical discharge? Uh they think that it's like a, like an extravagant amount. I'm like, not really. It was just, can we live in a poor area and you think that's a lot of money? But no, like, like that money I literally is, I mean it's supposed to last me a month and it's like I'm not move here and prolific trying to make money, you know? So it's like uh
SPEAKER_R: Have you have just really quick, have you signed up for that website called respondent?
SPEAKER_L: no, I never even heard of
SPEAKER_R: You should check it out. Um I'm a big, not like I'm rolling in the dough, but I've been doing the online survey focus group thing for a long time. Like supplement my income for like a long time. And respondent is a site that I discovered after I signed up for prolific and it's a site where you, they just have, it's like a, it's a platform for surveys and focus groups and different researchers post on there and you do screeners and you fill out screener questions and then you qualify for higher paying studies. Um, a lot of them are for like people in the tech industry, so it's not going to apply to me per se,
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: but there's a lot that are just for regular people to like, we want your we want to know everything about waffles or we want to know everything about, you
SPEAKER_L: no, no, because
SPEAKER_R: know, and who you know, and then I like, I just did one on monday. It was a one hour focus group for $100 and and it was about anti aging creams, which is something I'm super into. So you should go on there
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: always thought the focus group things that I would get in the email or like kind of scams, but
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: not, I'm telling you this is how I make my money now because I started like probably about 15 years ago doing those like dollar surveys and stuff. And
SPEAKER_L: 15
SPEAKER_R: I would,
SPEAKER_L: years ago, wow.
SPEAKER_R: over the years I really um I don't spend a lot of time doing those anymore because I'd rather do a free screener that's gonna get me into things that are going to be 75-200 an hour and you know forego the guaranteed dollar and like get into higher paying stuff. Um and then they have other things that are like projects where you have to blog for like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: 20 minutes a day and they pay like $200
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: or they pay like $200 to go to the grocery store and take pictures of things
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: tell them
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: your opinions on products. So it's called respondent.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: So if you google respondent you just set up your account. It does take a while because they verify you and stuff, but then you can just start applying for stuff on there.
SPEAKER_L: we need like a painting account or something.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah they do pay via Paypal.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's good. I
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: prolifically.
SPEAKER_R: thing I don't like is that they do take a small fee to um service you. But the thing is you don't have to track down your payments or you always get paid and you get messages on the platform from the researchers and so it's like worth it. I'm really cheap but I don't like to pay fees but it's like a little like a one like a half a percentage of your pay. It's a little on there.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they have little things on there, like surveys for $10 or $15 like hey check out our website and tell us what you don't like about it. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: And then longer
SPEAKER_L: It's,
SPEAKER_R: higher paying stuff too. So I recommend that you go on there.
SPEAKER_L: I never even heard of this one. Never, never
SPEAKER_R: I go through, I go on um there's a reddit a subreddit called Beer money.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So every month they have a post on there where people post and brag about what they're making online.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I've seen people do that.
SPEAKER_R: So I go through there and I look at who's getting paid what and I go to those sites so like respondent is one that people posted that they were guys in the tech industry and gals in the tech industry or posting that they make 600 a month 700 a month On respondent you know and there's other people who are regular people like me and I'm like well I'm making like 200 300 a month on respondent and I'm not even doing it you know all the time or moon, I worked full time you know so and I still did it and still made that money so you have time. You know you should definitely. It's worth
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: your time.
SPEAKER_L: our home. That's all our freaking have like uh like my I'm not alive. They labeled me bipolar after the war. Uh Just like you know, being the military, they don't really want to deal with its government. You know, they don't want to just let him go whatever. They have plenty of other people to choose from to send to their wars anyways. But yeah, so they just a movie bipolar and that that that freaking label has been like to this day. It's so like it haunts me because it's like um my wife is used it against me like numerous times. Yeah. So it's like how can like, like something that like you should, you wouldn't have to shouldn't have not have to worry about. Like it's like it's like a fucking curse. I'm sorry. It's like a curse you know? It's like a.
SPEAKER_R: well I and
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: my little brother has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and he's you know, really high functioning now but he wasn't before, you know and he I mean we've been
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: we've been through
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: help.
SPEAKER_L: thing is like already like it's already like a it um the whole like ever since the military like the bipolar thing you know like um there has always been friction between me, my wife and me and uh but she you know I got to the point where she cheated on me and and you know and really like I lost it like after like five years of like doing really good like without medication taking medication because I've already been a guinea pig for the military and the V. A. And I'm here so I'm like I'm not taking your pills no more. But uh yeah it's already like it's already it's already done like irreparable damage to like I guess my identity like uh like my my oh my work uh because I tried getting a job because of like uh I had I had gotten fired from a V. A. Job federal contract job working for the V. A. You know it's like because we're like a little chat room and somebody was asking like a really dumb question because we're working at night like messing with the records and this girl is like what do we need to get a hold of the doctor? Like I'm like I'm thinking first of all you're not going to get a hold of a doctor at fucking three o'clock. I'm
SPEAKER_R: It's okay encourage like all the time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like it's like for studies or whatever but uh you
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: know like like the V. A. Doctor at three o'clock in the morning, we can't even get them at
SPEAKER_R: sir.
SPEAKER_L: three o'clock. Uh You know? And I'm like and I put V. A good luck getting through the V. A. System. But I meant like the V. A. I. V. R. Like the but I didn't like they took it out of context and the next day I was fired. So I was like veteran like you know like I have like I'm protected veteran like you're fired. Like they like I was like
SPEAKER_R: At
SPEAKER_L: literally
SPEAKER_R: first
SPEAKER_L: like yeah
SPEAKER_R: very harvest.
SPEAKER_L: yeah so I kind of lost it a little bit there and then I tried getting another job afterwards and you know I show up and they're like yeah you're doing really good for the interview, doing great. Um We'll send you some information and come back on monday show up monday. And they're like oh we tried calling you unfortunately something came up in your background and uh um Well you get well I'm like so I'm not hired or you'll get something in the mail. But
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: not horrible.
SPEAKER_L: for I also am like, so after that like I tried applying and like I wasn't even getting any calls or or anything and I'm like, you know what I completely like? I gave up and I um I went to the V. A. And I told him like my situation. So like they my my disability payments like they've nearly doubled it. I was already doing good and like they doubled it but like, like I don't want to be like stuck here all the time like by myself, you know? So like I like I literally like they like they give me like here for the valley. It's like good. So like I I had a friend who was struggling and I'm like, you know what, I don't want to live on my on my cousin's couch no more. Um So I'm like let's move in together because they were struggling and I'm like I had money but like I was staying there to like because I don't want to live by myself. Um But at the same time I was living on their couch, you know? And I'm like I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: need my yeah it's very uncomfortable because it's like they come out and I'm just there on the couch and like I feel like a fucking bum. Like a
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: bum, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that's terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm gonna get my place and I'm gonna move in with this girl, she needs help. And I literally like she's it's her and her boyfriend and uh the guy works and I'm like if you don't um if you need a place to stay like just because I'll pay for the place. I mean I'm gonna I was I was already paying for an apartment before. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: Well that's
SPEAKER_L: the beach
SPEAKER_R: really good though, that's really good.
SPEAKER_L: actually she's signing uh we're going through the process of getting harassment provider. So like because like I have like a like memory issues like uh like the other day I like I keep forgetting to turn off like the pilots for the for the for the freaking stove. Like sometimes like it would get so bad like you know like you know how you're constantly my keys on myself, on my wallet? And I spend like it was like a circus for me like just going all over the place like okay where I leave this now, where I leave this now. So now I'm just like a stained in my my room. Um But I like um like well that's really what I'm doing because like I'm not working. I like actually got offered a job to work for uh to sell for in tow, like so into computers. But I um I figured that the the whole my whole background will come up, so it's like,
SPEAKER_R: Well I feel like you know you work you do work and you work online and you do the different things that you do.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, I had I had a work experience. I mean I I moved up
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: after
SPEAKER_R: know, but
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: even now like you're working, like you're working right now.
SPEAKER_L: well I had no I had like an actual like a decent job before this, like there was a time like we're after like working online, and after the school thing actually got a job working at Office Depot, but they're just such a whore. I'm not afraid to say it right there. There's such actually if you google my name and Office Depot and read it, you'll probably find my Yeah. Uh But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no,
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: I don't like them at all. I guess because I guess because it's like my bipolar thing and like, you know, my my whole uh like I thought for my rights, you know, it's like freedom of speech is always going to be like, you know how some people are like second amendment. I'm always for the first uh and there's a reason it's the first one. But anyways uh Yeah I had worked at office depot and I moved up really fast like everywhere I worked, I moved up, I became sergeant like 2.5 years in the military, two years and 10 months actually. And that's like unheard of. Um you know, I got a job here, the supervisor, not even I wasn't even asking for it really. Uh But yeah, no, I just didn't like have like a like a lot of like uh police interaction I guess after I got married my wife like from all the times that they went to the house, like from like other arguing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but the police, I mean, no, the police talk and the way they approach thing,
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, it's already it's already gotten, it's already affecting my record. Like my relationship with my wife and her using the, like literally like the first thing that she would say he's crazy. He's bipolar, he doesn't take his medication. He was in the army. It's like, okay, here we go with the script. So they're not one
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: for,
SPEAKER_R: to intervene a lot. My brother went through something similar with his wife, his ex wife and I was very involved because I basically raised my little brother, so he's pretty much my child and I've been in the middle of a lot of stuff and it's very disturbing and sometimes I just prayed that they would not kill my brother, like, you know what I mean, if I wasn't there, that they would not hurt my brother kill my brother.
SPEAKER_L: it's getting there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and it's it's so
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: upsetting,
SPEAKER_L: wife is like the reason we never had a good thing, we never had a gun because then I would have just shot you. That's why we don't have a gun. Even if it went to the came down to the point where her cousin, which happened to have the hot for me, but she was very attractive. Um was always like constantly like, hey, come over to the house, come help me do this. So one day she's like, hey, help me get the shotgun out of the, out of the roof because we're gonna sell the house. Um So she gave me the shotgun. She's like, you can have it. I'm like, I wonder what crimes that was used in, right? But later on, you know, came to my mother in law found out that we have got into shock and you know, first we're like, oh yeah, we got two shots and whatever. Um Well when it was getting so bad between my wife and and me, Um
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: like, like one morning, like, like because we had been arguing a lot and just one morning out of the blue, she just shows up and she's like, give me the shotgun, give me the shotgun. I'm like, well, first of all, it's my shotgun come and take it, you know? Um And second of all you're not, it's like you're not gonna take it regardless. Like I don't care how scared you are. I'm not going to use it because first of all, the pacifist, even violence and second of all, I gave it to my cousin who happens to be a gun collector, so, and he's not going to give it back to you. So like, like, I don't know, what were you feel entitled to come and just uh I think that you can just come and take my weapon away. Yeah, sure. I can't have it, but it's like, I'm not using, I don't even have shells and I wasn't thinking of you like,
SPEAKER_R: there was an incident with a gut, there was a gun incident in my case till, and oh my God, it's, I mean the thing, the thing that keeps me going today, you know, is that he's been stable for a really long time and um you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: now he works for the county and he's uh he's a social worker, but not with the, you know, a master's degree,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Are you referring to
SPEAKER_R: my little brother.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so now he works in mental health and you know he's going back to school to get his masters degree so he can move up and and do better at the county and it's definitely helping me sleep at night because I don't have to worry about him as much anymore and you know, he's taking really good care of himself and he met someone you know, and she's great, you know, she's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: amazing, you know, So um I just feel like there's a lot of hope, but I know I didn't always feel that way, you know? So, so anyways I really like talking to you, thank you so much,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I just realized like a few minutes a few moments
SPEAKER_R: it doesn't
SPEAKER_L: ago,
SPEAKER_R: matter,
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: it was great talking to you,
SPEAKER_L: I am. Yeah, I enjoyed the conversation and I'm sorry, I didn't even get your name because
SPEAKER_R: my name's
SPEAKER_L: we just
SPEAKER_R: april
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: april like the month
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy because they call me august
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: without,
SPEAKER_R: was born in office.
SPEAKER_L: because my name's Augustine too.
SPEAKER_R: I was born in august
SPEAKER_L: I was more than february's so like, that's creepy. Right?
SPEAKER_R: august. I love that name. Augustine.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: That's what I
SPEAKER_L: people thought it was the girls and I don't know, I heard,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: know, like,
SPEAKER_R: girl's name. No, I have a little
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: boy. I thought of all kinds of names for him and I mean that's a pretty cool. I wish I would have
SPEAKER_L: Like,
SPEAKER_R: thought about.
SPEAKER_L: I hated my name. I hate it because like, in the military, they like misspelled it. So they mispronounce it so many freaking times and then, and then after that, like, but now that I'm older, like, I take a little bit more pride in like, having a unique name to like, you know, like, john, you know,
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It's cool to have a more unique name. I don't know. I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is, it is like, like, like, Oh yeah, I know that, that, that that unique name person, you know,
SPEAKER_R: All right, we'll
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: care and don't forget to go.
SPEAKER_L: it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Don't forget to go on beer mining to check out somewhere sites.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, respondents, I'm gonna look for it right now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. Take care.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think everybody