Yeah, I can hear you. Penny hear me
awesome. How's it going?
Really, wow. That's annoying because like you only get paid like a dollar 50 if the person doesn't
show
up.
Yeah you mean like it's your first time like ever, or is it your first time in this round?
I
went
well sorry about, sorry about being late, I have a newborn, he's a pre
me
he just popped off like right now and I was like oh now I almost thought I was going to have to like bring him with
his name is Nicholas, but we call him Nico and
He um the
poor little guy, he's only 11 days old and he's kind of having um you know it's called failure to thrive where normally when a baby comes home from the hospital um they lose some weight, like it's customary but he lost like more and I won't go into why, but it's a lot of drama.
Uh and then today so he's having a hard time feeding and they think it's like there's this like tongue tip issue. So today we went to the specialist, like the poor guy and he skipped the nick you. So he's lucky in that regard. But literally every day he's been out of the hospital
and
he's been at a doctor or a lab. And but um so today we went to the specialist and I got there and I thought we were just there for like a consult and then they were going to tell us like hey we want to do like a procedure, we wanted to do occupational therapy or whatever and they're just like oh we want to do the procedure right now and I'm like okay
and I didn't understand but basically it's like the fragile um like the front heart down here, they just like clip it so um it's actually outpatient and um I guess not as big of a deal as I kind of thought it was but so I was like you know dad's like waiting in the parking lot and I have like no reception in the
building.
So because they don't let like more than one parent into anything at a time, like I took him to the er last week and I was like alone with him, which is fine. But you know if you have a partner who's like attentive and helpful, you kind of sometimes want your partner there or whatever but so it's been um an eventful time. And so today he had his friend Ellen clipped and he was so chill about it, he was way more chill than
I was
about it. But now you know he's like noticing like there's something going on in my mouth, like you could see him when I tried to feed him, he was just like, looking like everyone okay. And so he's a little bit fussy, but I was so happy because I was like, I'm gonna have to bring him to this session because obviously I didn't plan for this, but
my
husband just spoke up, so I was like, oh yeah, so that was cool. So that's kind of been what I've been up to. What have you been up to?
Well, I'm I'm on maternity leave, so I'm stoked because I'm used to, like my job is like a really intense kind of job where I managed like a lot of people and um just like super super stressful kind of stuff. And so I'm actually kind of enjoying it because I'm getting
Um I'm not actually, I work in quality management for a huge dental companies. So um and it's a company that doesn't have like the greatest reputation of the world per se. So um yeah
that's
why I never tell anyone like where were people,
people
have some strong reactions. And what I try to explain to people is like how I can look myself in the mirror every day and keep going is that you know our team is like the good guys of the bad company, meaning that we're we're catching all the doctors that are doing stuff they shouldn't be doing. We're firing them were reporting them to the dental board where you know, we're fixing problems that exist within the organization. You know patients. I also oversee like a small call center in addition to the entire grieving process
in addition to the entire grievance process and some other things. So um you know patients call in and
they have questions, they say, I don't know is it normal for a dentist to do this? Uh No that's not normal, you know? Or is it can you explain how this works to me? So it's like a gig where you can really feel good about what you do, but just not the company that you work for. So I hate when people ask me like what's the name of the company? Because I'm like well you don't understand though, I'm the good guy, like I'm the good guy in the
back.
it's a huge company. I mean there's only like yeah a few huge dental companies. So
so anyways it's just
it finds a big mess and it's a big mess and so there's a lot of it's like also um a lot of like uh liability decisions because basically like where my department leaves off the next step is legal. So it's kind
of like
four things that's illegal.
I mean it helps. I mean I do have degrees, so it does help,
It's so funny because I have none. So I started there nine years ago and I started out as a rep taking calls and
I actually have a masters in clinical psychology and I used to be a psychotherapist. Yeah, I was I was in I was like in the social services arena when I first got out of college at 21, I were kind of as a social worker type character. Um and then went back and got my masters in clinical psychology. So then I was a psychotherapist for Children and adolescents and
I
did her a while and then I had this um it had, there was a lot of stuff that happened, but basically just in a nutshell, I wasn't really taking care of myself very well.
Um I'm a little bit like too involved and I get too involved
and that make.
And then I had this incident where I had a client become really psychotic and he was like stalking me and his dad was going to kill me and It was very, very dramatic and it was a case that just broke my heart because I had seen different night. There were 11 kids in that family and I had seen several of those kids and pretty much the reason, one of the main reasons why I'm still alive is because number one, I first started
seeing
the eldest brother who controls the family and he's in prison
now, he's
in prison now, but
um he, you know, so he kind of, he liked me, you know, so he kind of signaled to the other kids that like, you know, he really liked me so they shouldn't, you know, stab me basically. So, so one of the younger brothers, he actually tried to sneak
into his first session with me because they're just a very disturbed group of kids and his mom actually brist him before he came in and found
the weapon because he was
to shame
me. Uh he was going to shake me, so
I'm in southern California.
So
very much so, very much so. So this this last kid in the family that I was saying, I just I loved, I loved those kids, just so you know, I loved him and I still love him and he just got progressively progressively worse and social services was involved and it was like really ugly and it just was like a thing where I couldn't understand what was happening because like the social worker would call me and say, hey, you know, we have, uh, you know, a detective following him and last night he beat up three people in a gas station and we were going to take him in, but we decided not to and we're just going to wait and see how this happened, but how this works out. So I never want my kids to be criminalized. But here's another kicker is that he, his father, their father serve time hard time for domestic violence against the mother. They reunited him with that debt with that guy while I was his therapist. And it was the worst thing. So this guy, his dad would drive him over to the mom's
house and have him assault and knocked down the door his mother's door and assault the mother and then he would come in and assault the mother.
He
would not, we were not rehabilitated in any way. And I know because I worked in a domestic violence shelter and counseling center for years and he was he received like no rehabilitation and he actually came to therapy. He was the one I started seeing. So I was trying to help him and he was an incredibly disturbed man. So I'm constantly like the social workers like, yeah, we know he's disturbed and we know that he took him over there to beat up his mom and but we're just gonna wait and see to see what happens. And then I'm like the therapist in this situation, you know, sorry,
I'm like the therapist in the situation and I'm like, um okay, so eventually this kid got really psychotic so he loved me to like we had a great relationship. I was the only person he trusted in life like period. And then he started coming to sessions and started getting psychotic and paranoid about me unfortunately. So once he became paranoid about me,
then
that's when the violence and stuff started happening and it became like a very dangerous situation that
I probably
I probably
should have protected myself against more.
I used to see the mom and then because of the domestic violence and the dad having custody of him at the time, I offered mom would come in separately on a different day or that we could just continue. And we got her treatment at a clinic that was actually closer to where she moved to. So she was getting treatment as well. But um, and then, you know, some of the kids, I saw some of the other kids too. I would go to their schools to see them because they couldn't make a decision. Like they had no one really to bring them and yeah. So he started you know with the psychosis in my office about how he thought I was recording him and I was you know, I had computers that were transcribing his sessions and I was reporting them to you know, authority. I don't know different things and so
no.
Please
like seriously?
All
Uncle.
Yeah, we're cool.
I'm gonna
look
into that because that sounds pretty interesting to me. I love that.
Oh no, it's fine. I didn't mean to like dominate the conversation, but now you've got me knowing. So uh and so like I just knew there was like a lot of danger. And I went to the you know had a very good relationship with the executive director of our clinic and my supervisor and they just failed to protect me. Like they just encouraged me to keep going, increased sessions three times a week. I was going to social services. I was like I was all caught up in this and it was stuff like you know I couldn't build for bill time for but still like I would go um naturally anything to do to help the kids and like um I just you know everyone was treating me kind of like I was getting paranoid and I wasn't I was afraid and my family was afraid like you know, I let
people
know.
Yeah I felt like I was in a lot of danger and he would write you know 15 page letters and deliver.
So
one so one
day
I was in the park so
when
I was in a parking lot and our parking lot was terrible because it was shared with the clients so they can see your car, your
life
play. I'm telling you it was whack, it was whack.
And so I don't know what happened, but I got in my car one night because of course like the clinic closes at like seven. I mean you could have earlier sessions, but I would leave around 7-8 and I got in my car and I don't know like it was just like a because I was so I was like freaked out, I was like looking under my car in my car, I was taking like all precautions and I just like got in the car and I just like started I just started pumping the brakes, I just started pumping the brakes and I realized that I had no brakes,
but nothing happened
because I just put on, you know, I just like, I was like, oh wow, something's wrong with my brakes and I just, you know, took care of it and got out of the car and like called my husband at the time I think was my boyfriend. And I just said, you know, can you come get me, please come get me, please help me. And I was like five minutes away. I you know, so he just came and got me and they checked it out and I had like, my mechanic comes like the next morning and they were like your brake lines have been cut like blah blah blah. I just said, you know what, I'm
gonna put in my number, I'm gonna
put in my notice
that yeah, so I put in my notice to resign the next morning and I said, you know, and I'm going to take a break, I'm going to take a break, I'm going to take like a year off and I'm going to get some other kind of job that's easy to do, and I'm just going to see if in a year I feel like coming back to doing this again, you know, and hopefully I do and I feel better, but I never felt like going back.
I feel the same. That's why now I'm just a lot happier if a person because it is like about me and my life now, and
Although I can't say I'm thrilled and happy all the time, at least I get a chance to like, take care of myself because in situations like that, he was just one of my clients, I had 30, you know, so you can imagine, you know, it's just a lot and
you're always just kind and their Children,
so it's worse. No because their Children
like
and they're
all like they're all being neglected, there's like a lot of parental neglect going on at that clinic.
Yeah. It's too much, it's way too much. I'm just telling you I can't take it
Yeah. Yeah. My little brother just went back to grad school and he was saying he got an offer from child protective services to work from them and that they would pay like pretty much for his whole degree and would give him like X. Y. Z. And he was actually considering it and I was like what is wrong with you? You cannot work there, you cannot work at child protective services like you will not make it like.
Yeah I told him, I said I don't think you have any idea of what you're talking about. I told him go to a clinic where you interact with them and see what happens and then you decide because I've interacted with them a lot. I don't work for ever work for
them and it's horrible.
I'm like, oh thank God I'm not her. You know what I mean? Even though I was in bad shape, I would feel sorry for them. Those social workers like, oh heck no, you couldn't pay me enough. You couldn't pay for my school and have me commit to two years. Do you know? He was going to commit to a two year thing with that
and I told them like if it's that bad, I'll just help you pay for your education. I'll just bankroll it. If that's what needs to happen, then I'll bankroll it because I'll find a way because there's no way and how I'm gonna let my baby brother like go work for protective services. It's intense. Sorry
you have a conversation going right now. Yeah.
you're right that's what I just not recently. I don't know why but that's terrible.
And
to where?
my little brother lives in Cerritos. Yeah I mean I'm like a 10 minute drive from Cerritos.
My
brother
I'm telling you about is the one that lives in cerritos. I actually went I went to high school in Lakewood which is the next city over like where?
That's like my area.
It's a good area, it's a nice area,
So how long have you been on prolific
What?
Oh that's really good,
wow. You're so close to it wow.
All the
Far.
I
think
well
I think it's like a three hour drive. I haven't been
I think I went to rosarito like maybe a year and a half ago was my last visit there And it was about like a 3-hour drive. Um So yeah, but
I
said
That's
just
10 pence. That's so intense.
I
think we're a, she's a wearer
were you
saying
like kind of in the area there's not like a lot of economic opportunity for people.
Have you have just really quick, have you signed up for that website called respondent?
You should check it out. Um I'm a big, not like I'm rolling in the dough, but I've been doing the online survey focus group thing for a long time. Like supplement my income for like a long time. And respondent is a site that I discovered after I signed up for prolific and it's a site where you, they just have, it's like a, it's a platform for surveys and focus groups and different researchers post on there and you do screeners and you fill out screener questions and then you qualify for higher paying studies. Um, a lot of them are for like people in the tech industry, so it's not going to apply to me per se,
but there's a lot that are just for regular people to like, we want your we want to know everything about waffles or we want to know everything about, you
know, and who you know, and then I like, I just did one on monday. It was a one hour focus group for $100 and and it was about anti aging creams, which is something I'm super into. So you should go on there
and
they're
not, I'm telling you this is how I make my money now because I started like probably about 15 years ago doing those like dollar surveys and stuff. And
I would,
over the years I really um I don't spend a lot of time doing those anymore because I'd rather do a free screener that's gonna get me into things that are going to be 75-200 an hour and you know forego the guaranteed dollar and like get into higher paying stuff. Um and then they have other things that are like projects where you have to blog for like
20 minutes a day and they pay like $200
or they pay like $200 to go to the grocery store and take pictures of things
then
tell them
your opinions on products. So it's called respondent.
So if you google respondent you just set up your account. It does take a while because they verify you and stuff, but then you can just start applying for stuff on there.
Um Yeah they do pay via Paypal.
The
only
thing I don't like is that they do take a small fee to um service you. But the thing is you don't have to track down your payments or you always get paid and you get messages on the platform from the researchers and so it's like worth it. I'm really cheap but I don't like to pay fees but it's like a little like a one like a half a percentage of your pay. It's a little on there.
Yeah they have little things on there, like surveys for $10 or $15 like hey check out our website and tell us what you don't like about it. Um
And then longer
higher paying stuff too. So I recommend that you go on there.
I go through, I go on um there's a reddit a subreddit called Beer money.
So every month they have a post on there where people post and brag about what they're making online.
So I go through there and I look at who's getting paid what and I go to those sites so like respondent is one that people posted that they were guys in the tech industry and gals in the tech industry or posting that they make 600 a month 700 a month On respondent you know and there's other people who are regular people like me and I'm like well I'm making like 200 300 a month on respondent and I'm not even doing it you know all the time or moon, I worked full time you know so and I still did it and still made that money so you have time. You know you should definitely. It's worth
your time.
well I and
my little brother has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and he's you know, really high functioning now but he wasn't before, you know and he I mean we've been
we've been through
help.
It's okay encourage like all the time
out.
sir.
At
first
very harvest.
I'm
not horrible.
that's
no
that's terrible.
Well that's
really good though, that's really good.
Well I feel like you know you work you do work and you work online and you do the different things that you do.
I
know, but
even now like you're working, like you're working right now.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, but the police, I mean, no, the police talk and the way they approach thing,
had
to intervene a lot. My brother went through something similar with his wife, his ex wife and I was very involved because I basically raised my little brother, so he's pretty much my child and I've been in the middle of a lot of stuff and it's very disturbing and sometimes I just prayed that they would not kill my brother, like, you know what I mean, if I wasn't there, that they would not hurt my brother kill my brother.
Yeah, and it's it's so
upsetting,
all
there was an incident with a gut, there was a gun incident in my case till, and oh my God, it's, I mean the thing, the thing that keeps me going today, you know, is that he's been stable for a really long time and um you
know,
now he works for the county and he's uh he's a social worker, but not with the, you know, a master's degree,
my little brother.
Yeah, so now he works in mental health and you know he's going back to school to get his masters degree so he can move up and and do better at the county and it's definitely helping me sleep at night because I don't have to worry about him as much anymore and you know, he's taking really good care of himself and he met someone you know, and she's great, you know, she's
amazing, you know, So um I just feel like there's a lot of hope, but I know I didn't always feel that way, you know? So, so anyways I really like talking to you, thank you so much,
it doesn't
matter,
it was great talking to you,
my name's
april
april like the month
I
was born in office.
I was born in august
august. I love that name. Augustine.
That's what I
it's
not
girl's name. No, I have a little
boy. I thought of all kinds of names for him and I mean that's a pretty cool. I wish I would have
thought about.
correct.
Yes. It's cool to have a more unique name. I don't know. I think.
All right, we'll
take
care and don't forget to go.
Don't forget to go on beer mining to check out somewhere sites.
Okay, cool. Take care.