Okay. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Little bit, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah, I was thinking about yeah, yeah, yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
you look. That's everything's good.
Um Good. Finally, I was there like the first person I'm able to finally get ahold of. So like, yeah, I've tried several times and like, this is like my fourth or fifth attempt.
The
only.
Yeah, I know, but it's not bad. I mean, I'm just sitting here like I'd rather just sit here with you. You, but yeah, I know. It sucks, but this is the first time. So I'm looking forward to the bonus. Finally,
Ever like getting ahold of some, Yeah, I know
there's
multiple rounds, but yeah, no, never any luck. And I'm like, okay, maybe this time. And like, I was just like on my phone, I'm like, yeah, good luck with this one. And then I see the screen change. So I'm like, oh shit. You know, I remember.
Or
nobody old called regret.
No, I mean, yeah, sure fine. You'll get a bonus for person on. No, but what's his name?
Well that's
Yeah.
Horn
I think
it's
Yeah. Kind of like, like what? Yeah.
like
oh yeah, under a tree. Right?
it's
good.
we
went
Um Not really much of anything. Um because of my situation, I really just like stay home and now that's really it, I just stay home and I'm gonna spare time. I just like do surveys or oh, or try to paint, but right now I don't have any paints so I'm waiting to get paid um um um so yeah, but
What kind of industry, if you don't mind? Uh
you're not going to tell me what it
is?
It's
completely,
So yeah, you're busy.
Here.
Like
it's like people know of, or I've heard of or like
I, all I know is like the word thing 88. Is that the American Dental Association? I
I'm not in the industry.
I
know.
I was gonna ask. I imagine that your job is like a, like a sort of like where you need a degree or
That's like, what, like what kind of like uh like what kind of training do you have for like for like the population?
Moved up. That's good. That's awesome.
Go
along.
And
And
like the situations like he led like emotions that come through.
Thank
you.
Follow
had
book.
We better.
May
I ask I'm
sorry?
where where where was in, what state was this or
you
know what the money? Because I was thinking California?
So
Yeah because I think those type of people don't change really like the like domestic abuse stuff like that,
like
No it's fine.
That's
when he started
did
your
father?
So you you would deal with the father then where the guy that
Sorry, I don't I don't
want to cut you off
it.
There was there was I don't really watch netflix but my somebody recommended um I was like an interactive movie Bandersnatch, I think it was called. I don't know if you've ever seen. It sounds very similar to that like where
the sun was like cause he wasn't like involved in computer programming back in like in the 80s, you know? So it's like it's like when computers, video
games like Yeah, so like it was like they were trying to come up with the ideas for this game, but like in the netflix you get to choose like the outcomes. It's like one of those books were you choose like the story.
Yeah, like that, but like like the kids started thinking like that he was being spied on and everything and you know, so it's kind of weird. It's like a very weird interactive thing. Yeah, just well you know, it's like netflix so you know, it's like like weird
out
they
Yeah, it was crazy, but anyways, I'm sorry.
you
have
reason to be a good thank you.
That sounds crazy.
No,
because
you never
know
what?
that's not
good.
Yeah. That's what like, like, like like in hospitals like, you know, they usually have thrown designated like, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. The fuck home, wow.
And
They
that's
no,
No, I wouldn't end she and that's the reason why I like when I was growing up, like I really wanted to be a doctor, but as I as uh then later in life, you know, I'm like, you know what, I don't think I want to have to be in a situation where where I deal with other people's lives, especially like having to make uh life and death decisions because they give you a small list of like, things like why did you give them that that over the counter medicine? You know? It's like I figured it would be okay, you know? So it's like it's I don't I can't deal with that, you know, I can barely take care of my life. So it's like here.
And
The
it.
You
know, your Children? Yeah. Like you having to see the raw emotions, you know, It's like,
so
I wouldn't I wouldn't be able to deal with it.
Yeah. No, no, I guess I guess like I get really like, like, you know emotional when I see like kids suffering, you know? You know, because it's like how can a parent do that?
I think honestly, and I think they tear apart families more than than like actually help them
hey
baby.
We'll talk with them. We
well,
the whole thing, but having to deal with Children like, uh since we live here on the border, I live here in texas, right on the border, like Corey, like see like where they talk about the kids and occasion and stuff, you know? Like you were making a lot of it like before, like trump like the Narco wars. Like it was like we were never mentioned in the news and then all of a sudden it's like, like we're like constantly coming up on national, like, like national news or headlines or whatever. And because we have a, we have like one of those um sanctuary like churches here. And I know I had seen it, I had seen numerous times being like reporting on like on on Fox and CNN. Um But yeah it's a it's a disaster like my friends constantly like like like just posting about like how we have kids in cages and stuff. Like the reality was that they were always there. You know, they're like these cages didn't just pop up. It's like
mm Yeah it's really bad. Um So he said you live in southern California, Are
you closest cereals,
burritos or cerritos? What?
I have a I have a really good uh friend from uh the military that lives with him
and his
wife.
All
that's cool.
Yeah, I figured I mean he went to school and he like he and his wife because they they met in the military and um they got married, you know, maybe whatever. They ended up moving like healing from new york and he lived in California. so he like, she like completely like left everything for him, so like they're living out there and yeah, like I said like they graduated together and everything so it's pretty cool
Um um You know, I didn't even know I made like Already like £600.. Um I'm using it for like a like uh in all honesty, I really just started using it like recently, like heavily like like this past past like I guess here. Uh but I've been on it for a couple of years I think, I can't remember when I started, but because I had I had a situation where I was just like I didn't have a job, so I started trying to make money online and I started mturk but that was really crappy and then I found this one so it's been years, but I just I just don't know this is mostly deal with computers. So uh like anything like I really um I got to school for first I started like making money online and then um I told my wife I wanted to go for uh for school school for computer computers something. But the to hook me up with like a one year school or like I got a bunch of certifications. Yeah so I um that's why I like uh like if I'm not mess around with a lot of computer stuff and like a make money online that that way, but
also by like fixing computers for like friends and family or whatever.
Yeah. Yeah I was supposed to work in the corporate world but like um since we're like where I live here because we have a lot of like, you know like the illegal problems Like we're like literally like right on the border, like like 10 minute drive will get me to the border.
It's like we're literally like, like like you can already tell like how like um it's like we're becoming like more like Mexico than like uh like how it was before because like now you'll see like uh like a lot of like buildings like everything is in spanish now like before,
you know, a little bit. It's like they're like, it's like now it's like they don't even care. Like it's just like completely spanish communities and stuff, you know? Just fine by me. I mean I'm hispanic, I don't care. But yeah, it was like we're really it's like they're literally it's like almost like an invasion because like you go and anywhere you go, it's like it's going to be um it's like like people that literally come like you can tell that they have the mexican accent. You know I I mean I used to I grew up in Mexico at times um so I can hear it in the in the voices. It's not that I'm like I'm discriminating or anything but they really have taken over and like and they like we have spots where like you don't go because it's like they can be pretty bad, you know? Rough. Yeah, I'm sure you know over there in California you have you have your whatever. But uh yeah I know it's, how far are you from the border? Like
would you have
research
from California a lot? Like I really don't
know.
So if
Yeah, I know that that's a big disk because like when you're saying three hour drive, it's like us from here to san Antonio is a three hour drive.
So
like san Antonio to the valley is a huge difference. Is like over there is like your party already like in like in like like in the U. S. Like over here like we're still like we're like like Mexico us like Mexico.
I
mean
it's because like I have like my friend and my roommate and she's white you know? And she's like I've experienced so much discrimination racism here. She's from indiana. But she grew up she ended up moving up here like a 13 or whatever. So she she she was she constantly was being picked on because of a race here because she's like like she sticks out like she's like not like like like why she's like quite like, like she's got strawberry blonde hair, she's got the accent and the cultural, milky white skin and everything. So it's
like
she's yeah she's extremely wet. Yes. Yes. And she but she, she like, she would hate it. Like, like she's like, now you can tell that um it's really that bothered her because she doesn't like going anywhere now.
Like
she.
Yeah. There there's not, there's not really like, like you said, call centers that I've noticed that there's been an influx of call centers to you to the valley because before it was just like ticketmaster and like tele performance and now there's like all kinds of call centers here and because of the low below the, the cost of living down here is ridiculous. It's like, uh like I like people think that like when I get from the military's like a lot, like for after for like, does that mean discharge? Like medical discharge? Uh they think that it's like a, like an extravagant amount. I'm like, not really. It was just, can we live in a poor area and you think that's a lot of money? But no, like, like that money I literally is, I mean it's supposed to last me a month and it's like I'm not move here and prolific trying to make money, you know? So it's like uh
no, I never even heard of
we
no, no, because
I
always thought the focus group things that I would get in the email or like kind of scams, but
like
15
years ago, wow.
It's
what?
I
heard
that
it
we need like a painting account or something.
Okay, that's good. I
mean
prolifically.
absolutely.
huh
It's,
I never even heard of this one. Never, never
Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've seen people do that.
That's
our home. That's all our freaking have like uh like my I'm not alive. They labeled me bipolar after the war. Uh Just like you know, being the military, they don't really want to deal with its government. You know, they don't want to just let him go whatever. They have plenty of other people to choose from to send to their wars anyways. But yeah, so they just a movie bipolar and that that that freaking label has been like to this day. It's so like it haunts me because it's like um my wife is used it against me like numerous times. Yeah. So it's like how can like, like something that like you should, you wouldn't have to shouldn't have not have to worry about. Like it's like it's like a fucking curse. I'm sorry. It's like a curse you know? It's like a.
So
no
the
thing is like already like it's already like a it um the whole like ever since the military like the bipolar thing you know like um there has always been friction between me, my wife and me and uh but she you know I got to the point where she cheated on me and and you know and really like I lost it like after like five years of like doing really good like without medication taking medication because I've already been a guinea pig for the military and the V. A. And I'm here so I'm like I'm not taking your pills no more. But uh yeah it's already like it's already it's already done like irreparable damage to like I guess my identity like uh like my my oh my work uh because I tried getting a job because of like uh I had I had gotten fired from a V. A. Job federal contract job working for the V. A. You know it's like because we're like a little chat room and somebody was asking like a really dumb question because we're working at night like messing with the records and this girl is like what do we need to get a hold of the doctor? Like I'm like I'm thinking first of all you're not going to get a hold of a doctor at fucking three o'clock. I'm
Yeah like it's like for studies or whatever but uh you
know like like the V. A. Doctor at three o'clock in the morning, we can't even get them at
three o'clock. Uh You know? And I'm like and I put V. A good luck getting through the V. A. System. But I meant like the V. A. I. V. R. Like the but I didn't like they took it out of context and the next day I was fired. So I was like veteran like you know like I have like I'm protected veteran like you're fired. Like they like I was like
literally
like yeah
yeah so I kind of lost it a little bit there and then I tried getting another job afterwards and you know I show up and they're like yeah you're doing really good for the interview, doing great. Um We'll send you some information and come back on monday show up monday. And they're like oh we tried calling you unfortunately something came up in your background and uh um Well you get well I'm like so I'm not hired or you'll get something in the mail. But
like
for I also am like, so after that like I tried applying and like I wasn't even getting any calls or or anything and I'm like, you know what I completely like? I gave up and I um I went to the V. A. And I told him like my situation. So like they my my disability payments like they've nearly doubled it. I was already doing good and like they doubled it but like, like I don't want to be like stuck here all the time like by myself, you know? So like I like I literally like they like they give me like here for the valley. It's like good. So like I I had a friend who was struggling and I'm like, you know what, I don't want to live on my on my cousin's couch no more. Um So I'm like let's move in together because they were struggling and I'm like I had money but like I was staying there to like because I don't want to live by myself. Um But at the same time I was living on their couch, you know? And I'm like I
need my yeah it's very uncomfortable because it's like they come out and I'm just there on the couch and like I feel like a fucking bum. Like a
bum, you know?
Yeah, I'm gonna get my place and I'm gonna move in with this girl, she needs help. And I literally like she's it's her and her boyfriend and uh the guy works and I'm like if you don't um if you need a place to stay like just because I'll pay for the place. I mean I'm gonna I was I was already paying for an apartment before. Yeah. And
the beach
actually she's signing uh we're going through the process of getting harassment provider. So like because like I have like a like memory issues like uh like the other day I like I keep forgetting to turn off like the pilots for the for the for the freaking stove. Like sometimes like it would get so bad like you know like you know how you're constantly my keys on myself, on my wallet? And I spend like it was like a circus for me like just going all over the place like okay where I leave this now, where I leave this now. So now I'm just like a stained in my my room. Um But I like um like well that's really what I'm doing because like I'm not working. I like actually got offered a job to work for uh to sell for in tow, like so into computers. But I um I figured that the the whole my whole background will come up, so it's like,
oh yeah, I had I had a work experience. I mean I I moved up
after
like
well I had no I had like an actual like a decent job before this, like there was a time like we're after like working online, and after the school thing actually got a job working at Office Depot, but they're just such a whore. I'm not afraid to say it right there. There's such actually if you google my name and Office Depot and read it, you'll probably find my Yeah. Uh But
yeah, no,
I don't like them at all. I guess because I guess because it's like my bipolar thing and like, you know, my my whole uh like I thought for my rights, you know, it's like freedom of speech is always going to be like, you know how some people are like second amendment. I'm always for the first uh and there's a reason it's the first one. But anyways uh Yeah I had worked at office depot and I moved up really fast like everywhere I worked, I moved up, I became sergeant like 2.5 years in the military, two years and 10 months actually. And that's like unheard of. Um you know, I got a job here, the supervisor, not even I wasn't even asking for it really. Uh But yeah, no, I just didn't like have like a like a lot of like uh police interaction I guess after I got married my wife like from all the times that they went to the house, like from like other arguing.
No. Yeah, it's already it's already gotten, it's already affecting my record. Like my relationship with my wife and her using the, like literally like the first thing that she would say he's crazy. He's bipolar, he doesn't take his medication. He was in the army. It's like, okay, here we go with the script. So they're not one
for,
it's getting there.
My
wife is like the reason we never had a good thing, we never had a gun because then I would have just shot you. That's why we don't have a gun. Even if it went to the came down to the point where her cousin, which happened to have the hot for me, but she was very attractive. Um was always like constantly like, hey, come over to the house, come help me do this. So one day she's like, hey, help me get the shotgun out of the, out of the roof because we're gonna sell the house. Um So she gave me the shotgun. She's like, you can have it. I'm like, I wonder what crimes that was used in, right? But later on, you know, came to my mother in law found out that we have got into shock and you know, first we're like, oh yeah, we got two shots and whatever. Um Well when it was getting so bad between my wife and and me, Um
like, like one morning, like, like because we had been arguing a lot and just one morning out of the blue, she just shows up and she's like, give me the shotgun, give me the shotgun. I'm like, well, first of all, it's my shotgun come and take it, you know? Um And second of all you're not, it's like you're not gonna take it regardless. Like I don't care how scared you are. I'm not going to use it because first of all, the pacifist, even violence and second of all, I gave it to my cousin who happens to be a gun collector, so, and he's not going to give it back to you. So like, like, I don't know, what were you feel entitled to come and just uh I think that you can just come and take my weapon away. Yeah, sure. I can't have it, but it's like, I'm not using, I don't even have shells and I wasn't thinking of you like,
I
want
Okay. Are you referring to
Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Like I just realized like a few minutes a few moments
ago,
like,
I am. Yeah, I enjoyed the conversation and I'm sorry, I didn't even get your name because
we just
like,
that's crazy because they call me august
without,
because my name's Augustine too.
I was more than february's so like, that's creepy. Right?
No,
people thought it was the girls and I don't know, I heard,
you
know, like,
what?
Like,
I hated my name. I hate it because like, in the military, they like misspelled it. So they mispronounce it so many freaking times and then, and then after that, like, but now that I'm older, like, I take a little bit more pride in like, having a unique name to like, you know, like, john, you know,
whatever.
Yeah, it is, it is like, like, like, Oh yeah, I know that, that, that that unique name person, you know,
That's
what
it was nice talking to you.
yeah, respondents, I'm gonna look for it right now.
Yeah. I think everybody