SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. That's good. Uh huh. Well maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Well what? I'm not screaming,
SPEAKER_L: Hey, I'm Brett
SPEAKER_R: I'm Caitlin
SPEAKER_L: kailyn. Good to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Um, where are you? What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the US now on the West coast.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. I'm in Alaska. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. North. Is it cold up there right now?
SPEAKER_L: It snowed yesterday.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, definitely not snow down here. Yeah. Um So what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: I am a ship captain. Yeah, it's fun. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: And I teach music at an elementary school. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you play an instrument or several
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Tax phone is my main instrument. I play. I'm kind of a various other instruments but mostly facts on this but I can play well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I played the piano when I was a kid and I've been trying to pick it back up as like a sort of my pandemic hobby
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Piano is definitely fine. It's tricky though.
SPEAKER_L: is, yeah, I don't remember as much as I had hoped that I would. This is a little bit disappointing. But you know, whatever it's coming back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What kind of music are you trying to play? We're learning.
SPEAKER_L: Um, just I'm playing through just like beginner piano book now. Um,
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: over the rainbow has been the recent. I'm sure my neighbors are sick of it by now. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So is your goal, do you have any like specific type of music you want to play or just wanting to play the piano? Four?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't at this point is just trying to like kind of get back into it and that's why I really need to like pick some music that I want to learn and start down that road. But I was taking weapons and then that all got canceled. And so now it's just kind of like what I have on hand, figure it out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I play a little piano but it's just kind of random songs so I decided to learn from like video games and stuff like that. Yeah. Um Do you have any other hobbies that you've kind of picked up over the pandemic? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was definitely on the pandemic baking bandwagon. Um You know, it was still winter here when this whole thing started. So there's like a lot of cooking and stuff like that. A friend of mine, we would do, we would take turns cooking and we just like pack half of it and then so we would split, you know like I cook one meal and like he'd come get half of it and then we have like zoom parties.
SPEAKER_R: I thought some uh cool, what was were some of the meals that you get kicked
SPEAKER_L: um let's see. I don't even remember
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: chicken
SPEAKER_R: I like.
SPEAKER_L: otta
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: is one of my favorite things to cook delicious. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't remember. His birthday is the day before my birthday as we did. Uh What do we do for birthdays? I remember like a zoom birthday dinner which was fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's all fun.
SPEAKER_L: What about you? What have you been up to A teaching? Um
SPEAKER_R: we're teaching online right now, which has been interesting. Um Might just, we actually started in person at first because our case numbers were low enough here at the end of the summer and then they've just been spiking recently, so we're back to falling online, which has been really interesting for teaching um especially for music in elementary school
SPEAKER_L: I feel like that's a very hands on thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely, so yeah, it's been kind of, it's not very successful, but also, I mean most education right now isn't super successful, so for music it's just kind of like I create activities for them to do in their own time. I don't really have any live face to face or um kind of um yeah, live instruction with them. It's all sort of, they do, I create the activity and they sort of do it on their own time.
SPEAKER_L: That's that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. But there's been some cool stuff that I've been able to do. So right now I'm doing this program that uh it includes a lot of um kind of goes to artists around the world and has different. Um so it has that artist kind of teach a couple of traditional songs from their country and kind of teach a little bit about it, which is really cool. So the one we're doing right now is this guy from Georgia and he was actually us immigrant. And so he kind of, he's pretty famous in Georgia, the country Georgia, not the state. So he's pretty famous over there in Georgia because he um he grew up in he was born in Georgia and then grew up in the U. S. And then after college he went back to Georgia and kind of sort of rediscovered because he did music when he was growing up here he learned jazz guitar. And then when he went back to Georgia he kind of learned to their music traditions and so now the music he writes and kind of things it's sort of like a mix between you know american music in Georgia music and so it's really cool and he kind of became really popular over there in Georgia because it's sort of like a twist on their traditional music.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean she's it's some pretty cool songs. His name is Alicia, I forget his last name. But yeah it's got
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: some pretty
SPEAKER_L: on, that's awesome. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So has your work pretty much been the same recently heard?
SPEAKER_L: Not really, it's been weird. I worked with a very system up here so we're trying to move a lot of people around on ships is not really a great plan right now. And you know, I get people who, you know it's like social distancing and you have to wear a mask when you're on the ship and then there's people that push back against that I've yelled at more times than I care to recount. You know it's like, look man, I don't make the rules like either where it get off the ship. So yeah, it's weird but I'm taking a bunch of vacation this fall and winter so some of the guys who have less vacation can work so I'm off, I have two weeks of work between now and january downtime which is nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No I was nice to have a bit of a break for the summer. Um because trying to do the teaching in the spring was just a mess. It was awful.
SPEAKER_L: This is like wow like oh we're doing this Sirio. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was definitely nice to have that break during the summer. Um and kind of give us a little bit of time to plan, but our district also didn't plan very well. So I still feel like we're kind of struggling a bit in our district, but it's certainly better than the spring. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well that's good. Um Yeah you know a friend of mine that I work with, he just got back from Argentina like a month ago so he flew down, he met this girl traveling and they kind of, it's been like more than a year now and they just, they met each other it was like cool whatever and then they met up a couple of times over the course of a year, like a couple of different places
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: and uh and he's like well she's from Argentina so he's like I'm going to go to Buenos Aires and we're going to like hang out for a month and like see what happens like figure this out you know
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: he lies to Buenos Aires in March and like american airlines cancels all their flights and he's so he flew down there like the very beginning of March and he just got back maybe three or four weeks ago. They're
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: engaged now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: so they were
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you had an Airbnb for a month and they were just like kind of hanging out and then he was like well I'm stuck here, I don't know what I'm gonna do and she's like you can just come stay with me it's fine and then they stayed at her place for like a month and
SPEAKER_R: Miles
SPEAKER_L: it's like this is crazy because you couldn't go outside at all, you go grocery shopping, they couldn't go together. It was just like only one leave the abuse that they were really serious about it and they're like this is crazy so it costs him like three or 400 bucks in bribe. And it got to her dad has a big cattle ranch like a couple of 100 miles outside of Buenos Aires and so they made their way to her family's ranch and they hung out there for like four months and
SPEAKER_R: that's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: just like like all these like barbecues and like they're out hunting and like just doing all this crazy like I would like everybody's got a weird like the pandemic has been weird unless you get stuck on a cattle ranch in Argentina.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That's crazy, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah. I don't know it's just been a weird thing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I mean it's good that it worked out well because it could have gone really badly. Uh but yeah, that's pretty cool. I had a friend that was um, he was in Italy when it first started writing because he was supposed to
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: teach english over there for a year and he started um like it was in the summer before this all started like um like six months before it all started in them. So he was still there in March was supposed to stay through june, but then things are getting really bad in Italy. Um and it's funny because at the beginning of it, they closed down because he was right in Milan where it was really breaking out up there in ITaly. Um and so when they first started closed schools, it was for like a week and then, you know, it kept being center for like a week and another week as it got bigger and bigger and then at some point his school or like the program that was um coordinating all these people that would come and teach english over there. Um because there's a couple of people that decided like no, I'm going home because like one of them had asthma and like high risk and that stuff. So she went home and then they sent an email out telling people like if you go home right now you're throwing your wasting this opportunity of throwing away or something basically trying to like manipulate them into staying in Italy right there,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it wasn't even like a well paying job or anything, it's probably like an internship and they're giving kind of minimum wage sort of a thing, so like it wasn't a good situation for them to stay and like try to sit through a pandemic over there, so he ended up coming home I think at that point after email he stayed for a couple more weeks, and then once they started talking about like really closing down all the borders, he was like no, I think I need to get home. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well like what was the point of even staying like they weren't teaching were they?
SPEAKER_R: It was right and sort of like the beginning of it when they were still thinking like oh it'll only be a month or a couple of weeks, so they thought, you know, it would come back and like the schools would open back up in a few weeks
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: or something. Um So I think that's sort of why, and also I think he was because at some point, I mean it's still getting it's still kind of bad here, if he had just stayed in ITaly, they have decent healthcare there, he would have been fine um if you just kind of like sat through it um because I think we're doing fine in ITaly now, so
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I think he was
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: thinking
SPEAKER_L: go back. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I think he was sort of considering those options um and just a higher risk of traveling in the middle of all of it and trying to get home, and um yeah, he was pretty, he had a lot of anxiety coming home, which, you know, symptoms of anxiety and panic attacks are the same trouble breathing my life stuff, like he was panicking when he was coming home um because it was right before they were closing everything, so he like barely managed to get on a flight home and all that stuff, yeah, but he made it his own now.
SPEAKER_L: But is I had to go I was down in Seattle a week and a half ago for some work training and surprisingly like air travel was like the least. Like I took the rail into town because I didn't want to pay for an Uber all the way into Seattle and like that was stupid. Like going back. I was like I'll pay for the river, it's fine. The airport wasn't bad. There's not a lot of people like there's you know, they blocked out middle seats on the plane. It's like I didn't really feel like the light rail was by far the worst part of the whole thing. I was just like,
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: you know like a whole bunch of people and like half of people aren't wearing masks and just like oh God.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well there are interesting I guess that makes sense because their words had been pretty good at kind of reducing people I think like. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. It's been crazy how many people just don't follow her, don't want to wear a mask and all that stuff and people that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it sucks like it's not fun, I get it, but it's really not that big of an inconvenience, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's been mostly where I am, the people are mostly pretty good about it and I feel bad for all the people that are working right now and have to force all those things even though they're not even the one making the rules but they have to enforce it and then but they're the ones that get yelled at, it's like what you were saying with people yelling at you even though you're not making the rules, it sucks
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I mean, luckily for me, I get to kind of, I mean like people that are like big assholes about it, I just like kick them off the ship and I was like, well, you know, you don't want to follow the rules, like,
SPEAKER_R: more steps.
SPEAKER_L: beat it, you know? Like, and they get really upset about that and it's like, I'm sorry, that's,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that makes me feel better. Like after it's all over, it's like, oh, you can figure out how to make your way wherever you wanted to go, some of the right pay Alaska Airlines, a whole bunch of money to go fly. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I guess you know outside of pandemic to you about your travel much?
SPEAKER_L: I used to uh yeah, traveling before I worked for the various system, I worked on a research ship and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: we would take the ship all over the world. Yeah. Done quite a bit of travel for work and fun. I plan to go visit a bunch of friends in europe before this whole thing you know. Uh huh. Sarah. What about you? Do you travel?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I do, I used to travel with my parents quite a bit. Um So I've been to europe a lot in Asia kind of different countries in there um in Mexico have been quite a lot of different places, but it's definitely a lot of places they haven't been.
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: would you like to go if you could go anywhere
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Um I mean I've never been anywhere in africa, I think really any of those countries that would be cool just to get over there. South America.
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: Um because I've been to either the continents or anywhere over there, I just spent a lot of time in europe in Asia, I haven't been to china I guess. Um Yeah I guess just going places that haven't gotten to yet,
SPEAKER_L: Jeff
SPEAKER_R: that's where I wanted to go. Yeah, what about you?
SPEAKER_L: In. Yeah. Um Iceland has been really high on my list. I was supposed to go a couple of years ago and then just plants kind of fell apart. People, other people backed out of the trip and scheduling didn't work so I didn't get to go and it's just kind of been like this thing that I wanted to do but didn't get to be pretty cool. Um Morocco is really appealing
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: to me. It seems kind of exotic and the food is incredible. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's actually almost mention Morocco because I there's one time when I was a kid we just like had Moroccan food or something and I was like ever since then I wanted to go there because of the food.
SPEAKER_L: yeah like the northern african food is amazing. You know spices and weird flatbread, awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's one of the best parts about traveling, is all the food just so good.
SPEAKER_L: People are my two favorite things. Hands down
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about what's your favorite place you've been to?
SPEAKER_L: favorite place. I mean most of the places I go I find something that I like about them. Um The place I've been to that I really want to go back is cuba. Um
SPEAKER_R: cool,
SPEAKER_L: I went I went to CUBA on Election Day four years ago which was not, I mean I plan the trip but it wasn't like you know being like we're an hour past the west coast and so it was like late afternoon here when I was like oh this is like go the way we thought it was like
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: donald trump is going to be the president and I said a lot of bad words and I went to the airport and got on an airplane and flew to Miami and then the next day flew to CUBA. Which was a really great time to go to a country with pretty minimal internet access for a week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Nice. Yeah my dad and my sister went down to CUba and my aunt this was before we were supposed to go to CUBA before it was kinda opened up and they said it was pretty cool down there, definitely interesting to see kind of how their government works and everything down there.
SPEAKER_L: it's very interesting. I love to go back and that was kind of my like things that just kind of opened up. So I went technically legally like I have a
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: kind of stamp in my passport which is awesome. Uh huh. And I wanted to go before it like really got kind of Americanized. Um
SPEAKER_R: That was their goal to.
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't I don't think that's going to happen any time soon so but I would totally go back and easy enough to get there. They don't care when you go through the airport in Havana even though we arrived on a charter flight you know perfectly legally from the U. S. They like the customs agents know and they'll ask you if you want to stamp in your passport.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like awesome if you go through Mexico or whatever. It's not a big deal. Like they know they know the deal they just want. So.
SPEAKER_R: it's interesting, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, with it being Americanized, that was definitely one of the reasons my dad wanted to go a while ago. Um It's interesting seeing how that's happened with Vietnam, that's a trip that my dad used to do it every year. And so I went many years ago when I was in like I think grade school was a long time ago. Um And then we recently went again a couple of years ago and it's just changed so much, there's so much more tourism and everything over there. But then we did so on this motor trick motorcycle trip where we started in Vietnam then kind of did this big loop up through Laos and then came back to where we started in um think annoys where we started. Um So it's really cool and it's funny thing, the difference like Laos is almost exactly how Vietnam was, like the first time I went like so long ago. Um so it's kind of interesting seeing how Vietnam's change and how how Laos is kind of, they are similar to how it used to be before it got all really touristy and everything.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Yeah that's, I've never been to Vietnam or Laos love to go to that kind of corner of Asia
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's really pretty over there saying driving through the mountains and seeing all the rice fields. It was really cool. It's probably one of my favorite trips. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was supposed to go as another trip was supposed to happen that didn't was planning a sailing trip in Thailand and then you know it's like sailing a boat by yourself is not a lot of fun like you really need a group of people to do that. And uh I was planning with my sister and brother in law were kind of like the core of it and then my sister went and decided to have a kid and so that didn't, you know like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that didn't end up happening but whatever my niece is pretty cool. that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, he looks cool. Yeah, I haven't been to Thailand my sister has uh they've been to Vietnam Malaysia and I was over there and Japan is another one that was really cool and I think that one, so I did that in high school. I actually went a few times because our band program had a program with high school band over there and we kind of alternated where their band would come over here and we do a joint concert in the next year. We would go over there and we swapped every year. Um It was just a really cool program because we would go and stay with their families um and kind of get to experience it with the family and then do this music concert together and it's a really cool experience. I went two years in high school and then after I graduated, I went back again and stayed with that family um and getting to go over a couple of years and staying with that family and then they would stay with us and then go back to sing over there. Just the overall experience is really, really cool, so that's also kind of another one of my favorite places I've been
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: awesome. I spent a fair amount of time in Japan and the research ship, We were working out of a couple of different Yokohama, the navy base there and then sassy bow down, kind of southwest end of, you know, everything
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, definitely a very different culture over there, I mean everywhere is, but it's interesting, I think their culture is like,
SPEAKER_L: is, yeah, it's the japanese one are incredibly polite, which I appreciate. Uh it was, I mean you get into like small towns and there's a lot of people don't speak any english and it's not like spanish re and kind of like muddle your way through and at least like read things like japanese, no clue, not a clue. And remember coming back and I met a friend, we went on like just a road trip down in the desert southwest and we stopped at a convenience store and the, the poor girl behind the cow didn't speak very much english and the guy in front of us was being a complete asshole because she didn't speak and he's like
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: fucking language and storms out, you know? And I was just like, it was, I had plenty of painful interactions in Japan were trying to hand gesture and like the communication is just not happening.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Everybody is so patient and so polite and like that never would have happened in Japan, just like, oh yeah, we're kind of assholes about that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah, it's interesting how many different countries speak english or just like to learn it, this is a normal public school system and everything um and just like a little bit of our entitlement just that we can go anywhere and kind of expect that people speak english.
SPEAKER_L: totally. And that,
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like my mediocre spanish. My incredibly mediocre spanish. Yeah, it's not, not even close to Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's interesting. Mhm. Um What about, because we have a couple of minutes um any other interesting places you've been that you're in the length?
SPEAKER_L: the coolest plate. Well, so the last big trip I took, I sailed from South America to Antarctica and then to Cape
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Town South Africa on a dutch ship was incredible. Antarctica is amazing. Everybody comes to Alaska and they were like, oh, it's big and wild and like Antarctica like I mean I've lived here for you know, 20 something years at this point. Um And so honestly a little bit like jaded just because it's like, you know, go to the grocery store and there's the mountains and it's just
SPEAKER_R: Cora
SPEAKER_L: just every day, you know, like for a bike ride and there's a big bull moose, you know, it's just the way it is. But going to Antarctica, it's even bigger and more remote and more wild and untouched and like that brought back all those like feelings that I was like, oh yeah, this is like really awesome, incredible. We ever get the chance to go highly recommended.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: I highly
SPEAKER_R: I have to do that.
SPEAKER_L: recommend. It was awesome. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah because there's so many places I wish I could just go and travel to um once I get because I'm working um I don't have a full time position in my school so I don't get a great paycheck, so money is a bit of a problem but right so at least I have time and having somewheres off gives me lots of time to go and travel, which is really cool. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the schedule is pretty awesome. Like being a teacher, I have friends that are teachers here and like that's that's like the thing that's like, yeah, you can just get months off at the time. What
SPEAKER_R: I think we're pretty much
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: at 25 minutes they
SPEAKER_L: about her?
SPEAKER_R: click
SPEAKER_L: It was a good time
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: yet.