Yeah. Okay. That's good. Uh huh. Well maybe.
Hey, I'm Brett
kailyn. Good to meet you.
Um, where are you? What?
Nice. I'm in Alaska. Yeah.
It snowed yesterday.
I am a ship captain. Yeah, it's fun. What about you?
Do you play an instrument or several
I played the piano when I was a kid and I've been trying to pick it back up as like a sort of my pandemic hobby
is, yeah, I don't remember as much as I had hoped that I would. This is a little bit disappointing. But you know, whatever it's coming back.
Um, just I'm playing through just like beginner piano book now. Um,
over the rainbow has been the recent. I'm sure my neighbors are sick of it by now. Oh
Yeah. I don't at this point is just trying to like kind of get back into it and that's why I really need to like pick some music that I want to learn and start down that road. But I was taking weapons and then that all got canceled. And so now it's just kind of like what I have on hand, figure it out.
I was definitely on the pandemic baking bandwagon. Um You know, it was still winter here when this whole thing started. So there's like a lot of cooking and stuff like that. A friend of mine, we would do, we would take turns cooking and we just like pack half of it and then so we would split, you know like I cook one meal and like he'd come get half of it and then we have like zoom parties.
um let's see. I don't even remember
chicken
otta
is one of my favorite things to cook delicious. Um
I don't remember. His birthday is the day before my birthday as we did. Uh What do we do for birthdays? I remember like a zoom birthday dinner which was fun. Yeah.
What about you? What have you been up to A teaching? Um
I feel like that's a very hands on thing.
That's that's cool.
interesting.
Come
on, that's awesome. Mhm.
Not really, it's been weird. I worked with a very system up here so we're trying to move a lot of people around on ships is not really a great plan right now. And you know, I get people who, you know it's like social distancing and you have to wear a mask when you're on the ship and then there's people that push back against that I've yelled at more times than I care to recount. You know it's like, look man, I don't make the rules like either where it get off the ship. So yeah, it's weird but I'm taking a bunch of vacation this fall and winter so some of the guys who have less vacation can work so I'm off, I have two weeks of work between now and january downtime which is nice.
This is like wow like oh we're doing this Sirio. Yeah.
well that's good. Um Yeah you know a friend of mine that I work with, he just got back from Argentina like a month ago so he flew down, he met this girl traveling and they kind of, it's been like more than a year now and they just, they met each other it was like cool whatever and then they met up a couple of times over the course of a year, like a couple of different places
and uh and he's like well she's from Argentina so he's like I'm going to go to Buenos Aires and we're going to like hang out for a month and like see what happens like figure this out you know
he lies to Buenos Aires in March and like american airlines cancels all their flights and he's so he flew down there like the very beginning of March and he just got back maybe three or four weeks ago. They're
engaged now.
so they were
you had an Airbnb for a month and they were just like kind of hanging out and then he was like well I'm stuck here, I don't know what I'm gonna do and she's like you can just come stay with me it's fine and then they stayed at her place for like a month and
it's like this is crazy because you couldn't go outside at all, you go grocery shopping, they couldn't go together. It was just like only one leave the abuse that they were really serious about it and they're like this is crazy so it costs him like three or 400 bucks in bribe. And it got to her dad has a big cattle ranch like a couple of 100 miles outside of Buenos Aires and so they made their way to her family's ranch and they hung out there for like four months and
just like like all these like barbecues and like they're out hunting and like just doing all this crazy like I would like everybody's got a weird like the pandemic has been weird unless you get stuck on a cattle ranch in Argentina.
Um Yeah. I don't know it's just been a weird thing. Mhm.
Where?
That's
crazy. Yeah.
Well like what was the point of even staying like they weren't teaching were they?
No.
but
then
I
can't
go back. Oh.
But is I had to go I was down in Seattle a week and a half ago for some work training and surprisingly like air travel was like the least. Like I took the rail into town because I didn't want to pay for an Uber all the way into Seattle and like that was stupid. Like going back. I was like I'll pay for the river, it's fine. The airport wasn't bad. There's not a lot of people like there's you know, they blocked out middle seats on the plane. It's like I didn't really feel like the light rail was by far the worst part of the whole thing. I was just like,
you know like a whole bunch of people and like half of people aren't wearing masks and just like oh God.
Okay.
I mean it sucks like it's not fun, I get it, but it's really not that big of an inconvenience, you know?
Yeah, I mean, I mean, luckily for me, I get to kind of, I mean like people that are like big assholes about it, I just like kick them off the ship and I was like, well, you know, you don't want to follow the rules, like,
beat it, you know? Like, and they get really upset about that and it's like, I'm sorry, that's,
that makes me feel better. Like after it's all over, it's like, oh, you can figure out how to make your way wherever you wanted to go, some of the right pay Alaska Airlines, a whole bunch of money to go fly. Yeah,
I used to uh yeah, traveling before I worked for the various system, I worked on a research ship and
we would take the ship all over the world. Yeah. Done quite a bit of travel for work and fun. I plan to go visit a bunch of friends in europe before this whole thing you know. Uh huh. Sarah. What about you? Do you travel?
Where
would you like to go if you could go anywhere
on
Jeff
In. Yeah. Um Iceland has been really high on my list. I was supposed to go a couple of years ago and then just plants kind of fell apart. People, other people backed out of the trip and scheduling didn't work so I didn't get to go and it's just kind of been like this thing that I wanted to do but didn't get to be pretty cool. Um Morocco is really appealing
to me. It seems kind of exotic and the food is incredible. Um
yeah like the northern african food is amazing. You know spices and weird flatbread, awesome.
People are my two favorite things. Hands down
favorite place. I mean most of the places I go I find something that I like about them. Um The place I've been to that I really want to go back is cuba. Um
I went I went to CUBA on Election Day four years ago which was not, I mean I plan the trip but it wasn't like you know being like we're an hour past the west coast and so it was like late afternoon here when I was like oh this is like go the way we thought it was like
donald trump is going to be the president and I said a lot of bad words and I went to the airport and got on an airplane and flew to Miami and then the next day flew to CUBA. Which was a really great time to go to a country with pretty minimal internet access for a week.
it's very interesting. I love to go back and that was kind of my like things that just kind of opened up. So I went technically legally like I have a
kind of stamp in my passport which is awesome. Uh huh. And I wanted to go before it like really got kind of Americanized. Um
I wasn't I don't think that's going to happen any time soon so but I would totally go back and easy enough to get there. They don't care when you go through the airport in Havana even though we arrived on a charter flight you know perfectly legally from the U. S. They like the customs agents know and they'll ask you if you want to stamp in your passport.
Yeah it's like awesome if you go through Mexico or whatever. It's not a big deal. Like they know they know the deal they just want. So.
interesting. Yeah that's, I've never been to Vietnam or Laos love to go to that kind of corner of Asia
Yeah.
I was supposed to go as another trip was supposed to happen that didn't was planning a sailing trip in Thailand and then you know it's like sailing a boat by yourself is not a lot of fun like you really need a group of people to do that. And uh I was planning with my sister and brother in law were kind of like the core of it and then my sister went and decided to have a kid and so that didn't, you know like
that didn't end up happening but whatever my niece is pretty cool. that's fine.
that's
awesome. I spent a fair amount of time in Japan and the research ship, We were working out of a couple of different Yokohama, the navy base there and then sassy bow down, kind of southwest end of, you know, everything
is, yeah, it's the japanese one are incredibly polite, which I appreciate. Uh it was, I mean you get into like small towns and there's a lot of people don't speak any english and it's not like spanish re and kind of like muddle your way through and at least like read things like japanese, no clue, not a clue. And remember coming back and I met a friend, we went on like just a road trip down in the desert southwest and we stopped at a convenience store and the, the poor girl behind the cow didn't speak very much english and the guy in front of us was being a complete asshole because she didn't speak and he's like
fucking language and storms out, you know? And I was just like, it was, I had plenty of painful interactions in Japan were trying to hand gesture and like the communication is just not happening.
Everybody is so patient and so polite and like that never would have happened in Japan, just like, oh yeah, we're kind of assholes about that kind of stuff.
totally. And that,
Yeah, like my mediocre spanish. My incredibly mediocre spanish. Yeah, it's not, not even close to Yeah,
the coolest plate. Well, so the last big trip I took, I sailed from South America to Antarctica and then to Cape
Town South Africa on a dutch ship was incredible. Antarctica is amazing. Everybody comes to Alaska and they were like, oh, it's big and wild and like Antarctica like I mean I've lived here for you know, 20 something years at this point. Um And so honestly a little bit like jaded just because it's like, you know, go to the grocery store and there's the mountains and it's just
just every day, you know, like for a bike ride and there's a big bull moose, you know, it's just the way it is. But going to Antarctica, it's even bigger and more remote and more wild and untouched and like that brought back all those like feelings that I was like, oh yeah, this is like really awesome, incredible. We ever get the chance to go highly recommended.
I highly
recommend. It was awesome. Yeah.
Yeah the schedule is pretty awesome. Like being a teacher, I have friends that are teachers here and like that's that's like the thing that's like, yeah, you can just get months off at the time. What
now
about her?
It was a good time
yet.