Well what? I'm not screaming,
I'm Caitlin
thank you.
I'm in the US now on the West coast.
Cool. North. Is it cold up there right now?
Oh yeah, definitely not snow down here. Yeah. Um So what do you do for work?
And I teach music at an elementary school. Yeah.
Yeah. Tax phone is my main instrument. I play. I'm kind of a various other instruments but mostly facts on this but I can play well. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. Piano is definitely fine. It's tricky though.
Yeah. What kind of music are you trying to play? We're learning.
of course.
Yeah. So is your goal, do you have any like specific type of music you want to play or just wanting to play the piano? Four?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I play a little piano but it's just kind of random songs so I decided to learn from like video games and stuff like that. Yeah. Um Do you have any other hobbies that you've kind of picked up over the pandemic? Yeah.
I thought some uh cool, what was were some of the meals that you get kicked
so
I like.
No.
Yeah.
it's all fun.
we're teaching online right now, which has been interesting. Um Might just, we actually started in person at first because our case numbers were low enough here at the end of the summer and then they've just been spiking recently, so we're back to falling online, which has been really interesting for teaching um especially for music in elementary school
Yeah, definitely, so yeah, it's been kind of, it's not very successful, but also, I mean most education right now isn't super successful, so for music it's just kind of like I create activities for them to do in their own time. I don't really have any live face to face or um kind of um yeah, live instruction with them. It's all sort of, they do, I create the activity and they sort of do it on their own time.
yeah. But there's been some cool stuff that I've been able to do. So right now I'm doing this program that uh it includes a lot of um kind of goes to artists around the world and has different. Um so it has that artist kind of teach a couple of traditional songs from their country and kind of teach a little bit about it, which is really cool. So the one we're doing right now is this guy from Georgia and he was actually us immigrant. And so he kind of, he's pretty famous in Georgia, the country Georgia, not the state. So he's pretty famous over there in Georgia because he um he grew up in he was born in Georgia and then grew up in the U. S. And then after college he went back to Georgia and kind of sort of rediscovered because he did music when he was growing up here he learned jazz guitar. And then when he went back to Georgia he kind of learned to their music traditions and so now the music he writes and kind of things it's sort of like a mix between you know american music in Georgia music and so it's really cool and he kind of became really popular over there in Georgia because it's sort of like a twist on their traditional music.
Yeah I mean she's it's some pretty cool songs. His name is Alicia, I forget his last name. But yeah it's got
some pretty
Yeah. So has your work pretty much been the same recently heard?
Yeah. Yeah. No I was nice to have a bit of a break for the summer. Um because trying to do the teaching in the spring was just a mess. It was awful.
yeah, it was definitely nice to have that break during the summer. Um and kind of give us a little bit of time to plan, but our district also didn't plan very well. So I still feel like we're kind of struggling a bit in our district, but it's certainly better than the spring. Yeah.
interesting,
interesting.
Well.
Oh wow, that's cool.
What?
Miles
that's so cool.
Yeah, That's crazy, wow.
Yeah, because I mean it's good that it worked out well because it could have gone really badly. Uh but yeah, that's pretty cool. I had a friend that was um, he was in Italy when it first started writing because he was supposed to
teach english over there for a year and he started um like it was in the summer before this all started like um like six months before it all started in them. So he was still there in March was supposed to stay through june, but then things are getting really bad in Italy. Um and it's funny because at the beginning of it, they closed down because he was right in Milan where it was really breaking out up there in ITaly. Um and so when they first started closed schools, it was for like a week and then, you know, it kept being center for like a week and another week as it got bigger and bigger and then at some point his school or like the program that was um coordinating all these people that would come and teach english over there. Um because there's a couple of people that decided like no, I'm going home because like one of them had asthma and like high risk and that stuff. So she went home and then they sent an email out telling people like if you go home right now you're throwing your wasting this opportunity of throwing away or something basically trying to like manipulate them into staying in Italy right there,
like.
and it wasn't even like a well paying job or anything, it's probably like an internship and they're giving kind of minimum wage sort of a thing, so like it wasn't a good situation for them to stay and like try to sit through a pandemic over there, so he ended up coming home I think at that point after email he stayed for a couple more weeks, and then once they started talking about like really closing down all the borders, he was like no, I think I need to get home. Uh huh.
It was right and sort of like the beginning of it when they were still thinking like oh it'll only be a month or a couple of weeks, so they thought, you know, it would come back and like the schools would open back up in a few weeks
or something. Um So I think that's sort of why, and also I think he was because at some point, I mean it's still getting it's still kind of bad here, if he had just stayed in ITaly, they have decent healthcare there, he would have been fine um if you just kind of like sat through it um because I think we're doing fine in ITaly now, so
I think he was
kind
of
thinking
yeah, so I think he was sort of considering those options um and just a higher risk of traveling in the middle of all of it and trying to get home, and um yeah, he was pretty, he had a lot of anxiety coming home, which, you know, symptoms of anxiety and panic attacks are the same trouble breathing my life stuff, like he was panicking when he was coming home um because it was right before they were closing everything, so he like barely managed to get on a flight home and all that stuff, yeah, but he made it his own now.
interesting.
Yeah.
Well there are interesting I guess that makes sense because their words had been pretty good at kind of reducing people I think like. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. It's been crazy how many people just don't follow her, don't want to wear a mask and all that stuff and people that. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's been mostly where I am, the people are mostly pretty good about it and I feel bad for all the people that are working right now and have to force all those things even though they're not even the one making the rules but they have to enforce it and then but they're the ones that get yelled at, it's like what you were saying with people yelling at you even though you're not making the rules, it sucks
more steps.
Well
Uh So I guess you know outside of pandemic to you about your travel much?
That's
Um Yeah I do, I used to travel with my parents quite a bit. Um So I've been to europe a lot in Asia kind of different countries in there um in Mexico have been quite a lot of different places, but it's definitely a lot of places they haven't been.
No
that's true. Um I mean I've never been anywhere in africa, I think really any of those countries that would be cool just to get over there. South America.
Um because I've been to either the continents or anywhere over there, I just spent a lot of time in europe in Asia, I haven't been to china I guess. Um Yeah I guess just going places that haven't gotten to yet,
that's where I wanted to go. Yeah, what about you?
So
that's actually almost mention Morocco because I there's one time when I was a kid we just like had Moroccan food or something and I was like ever since then I wanted to go there because of the food.
yeah it's one of the best parts about traveling, is all the food just so good.
Yeah. What about what's your favorite place you've been to?
cool,
or
Yeah. Nice. Yeah my dad and my sister went down to CUba and my aunt this was before we were supposed to go to CUBA before it was kinda opened up and they said it was pretty cool down there, definitely interesting to see kind of how their government works and everything down there.
correct.
That was their goal to.
Oh that's cool.
it's interesting, yeah. Yeah. But yeah, with it being Americanized, that was definitely one of the reasons my dad wanted to go a while ago. Um It's interesting seeing how that's happened with Vietnam, that's a trip that my dad used to do it every year. And so I went many years ago when I was in like I think grade school was a long time ago. Um And then we recently went again a couple of years ago and it's just changed so much, there's so much more tourism and everything over there. But then we did so on this motor trick motorcycle trip where we started in Vietnam then kind of did this big loop up through Laos and then came back to where we started in um think annoys where we started. Um So it's really cool and it's funny thing, the difference like Laos is almost exactly how Vietnam was, like the first time I went like so long ago. Um so it's kind of interesting seeing how Vietnam's change and how how Laos is kind of, they are similar to how it used to be before it got all really touristy and everything.
yeah, it's really pretty over there saying driving through the mountains and seeing all the rice fields. It was really cool. It's probably one of my favorite trips. Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Yeah, he looks cool. Yeah, I haven't been to Thailand my sister has uh they've been to Vietnam Malaysia and I was over there and Japan is another one that was really cool and I think that one, so I did that in high school. I actually went a few times because our band program had a program with high school band over there and we kind of alternated where their band would come over here and we do a joint concert in the next year. We would go over there and we swapped every year. Um It was just a really cool program because we would go and stay with their families um and kind of get to experience it with the family and then do this music concert together and it's a really cool experience. I went two years in high school and then after I graduated, I went back again and stayed with that family um and getting to go over a couple of years and staying with that family and then they would stay with us and then go back to sing over there. Just the overall experience is really, really cool, so that's also kind of another one of my favorite places I've been
to,
Mhm. Yeah, definitely a very different culture over there, I mean everywhere is, but it's interesting, I think their culture is like,
Well.
All
Um yeah, it's interesting how many different countries speak english or just like to learn it, this is a normal public school system and everything um and just like a little bit of our entitlement just that we can go anywhere and kind of expect that people speak english.
that's crazy.
yeah, it's interesting. Mhm. Um What about, because we have a couple of minutes um any other interesting places you've been that you're in the length?
Well
Cora
yeah that's really cool.
I have to do that.
Yeah. Yeah because there's so many places I wish I could just go and travel to um once I get because I'm working um I don't have a full time position in my school so I don't get a great paycheck, so money is a bit of a problem but right so at least I have time and having somewheres off gives me lots of time to go and travel, which is really cool. Uh Yeah.
I think we're pretty much
at 25 minutes they
click
up.