SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. Back. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. A big Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Fuck. Mhm. Yeah. Anything. Oh. Mhm. Okay, correct. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh right, okay. But Mhm. Okay. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Dead yes. Changes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: You can hear me okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: my laptop was not working.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no worries. I was right, I had missed you, I was meeting these um Icelandic sheepdogs, I I just got it's got all kind of petting these uh it's five little puppies, hurt is absolutely adorable, A six week old puppies and uh
SPEAKER_R: where was this? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's the context is I'm in Graham Washington um and um I'm staying here temporarily with my friend who lives on this ranch and they have um at this ranch they have a an animal behavioral school and so they'll they'll they'll have people bring their um animals in their pets and they'll teach them how to how to train them. So I got uh meet these little these little creatures matter of fact
SPEAKER_R: Is it like
SPEAKER_L: anyway.
SPEAKER_R: very rural and remote?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, relatively speaking, I mean to be honest, it felt pretty, it felt that way when I first moved here. Um But actually I'm finding that people have a very suburban mentality. Um It's just like the tracks of land the property areas are are bigger, you know? But it's like everyone kind of has a lawn. Um We had our first hot day if you um I think last weekend before last weekend and like everyone just came out and just started like doing donuts in their lawns with their lawn mowers, you know, everyone has a riding lawnmower. So
SPEAKER_R: Shit.
SPEAKER_L: you know, so it kind of it has a rural feel, but instead of like kind of having all these wilderness corridors and everything. Um It honestly kind of feels like there's a lot of private property and lawns, so it's honestly kind of lame but it might just be this immediate neighborhood that I'm in right now anyway.
SPEAKER_R: I uh I grew up in in Toronto and I live in new york. That sounds very like remote from from from my very different from my experience. Um Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's pretty close to Tacoma, it's like um Maybe maybe 45 minutes to an hour. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I've only been to the pacific northwest once, so I wasn't sure about the like geography.
SPEAKER_L: Blue. So um so you said you live in new york like new york city or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like in Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_L: how do you like it? Both?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I
SPEAKER_L: I mean you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you got
SPEAKER_R: I really
SPEAKER_L: a pandemic right now right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean I really love living in a because I grew up in Toronto, I I really love living like a giant city in general like that. I just feel like most at home doing that. Um Like whenever I go uh when I ever have to go to like a small town for like whatever reason, even even if it's for like a vacation sometimes I just feel like I'm losing my mind. Um and I think I would go crazy if I had to like, I mean I don't know how to drive even so I am really not suited to. Uh Yeah because uh Toronto is like I guess it's like a handful of cities in north America that have like an actual subway system and that's one of them. Um Like I grew
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: up,
SPEAKER_L: it's like living in a developed country.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, like I grew up five minutes away from a subway station, so I just never bothered to learn how to drive.
SPEAKER_L: right on two, I mean that's fine as long as you stick to the city's right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think my parents were like kind of freaking out when they this all started because they imagine that there would be people and like you know like post apocalyptic like biker games or something. Um But obviously that did not happen, it's just like kind of uh empty and depressing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we've got a little ways to go before it starts to look like that you're
SPEAKER_R: Oh my god, is that is
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that the sheep gone? It's
SPEAKER_L: And there
SPEAKER_R: kind of
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: hard
SPEAKER_L: five
SPEAKER_R: to, it's a little, I just kind of like a shape, like a cute shape, it's hard to see on the um
SPEAKER_L: there you are. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: looks mad or like ordinary uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, they kind of go from like um being really affectionate too, just like biting at your hands really quick and I don't know it seems like uh so it's like maybe love bites, maybe maybe aggressive they get aggressive with each other but it's like I think they I think they deal with excitement by just like biting whatever is close by. Sure
SPEAKER_R: I guess also because it's because it's Iceland, they probably grew up in like or they probably evolved and were bred or whatever in total isolation for a long time. Um Like I don't think Iceland had very much like outside contact for at least 1000 years.
SPEAKER_L: that's right as they come
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Actually I I really wanted to visit there in the like before time but I don't know whether that's going to happen any time soon.
SPEAKER_L: in the land before time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that doesn't ice and have like I I think they have like a registry like everybody just like a names like surnames in the entire country um and you just get called like Bjornsson or whatever, it's like a I guess like it's like a or daughter, like it's it's son or daughter and they're just like uh they just yeah there's because there's like there's so few people and they were like you know not trading outside very much so like Bjork is like a stage name, her real name is like One of those 80 names. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Alright now I'm curious new york um born in Reykjavik where's Fernando trying to find her actual her mother killed Aruna hawks daughter protested against the development of hydropower plant terrorist
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think she was really famous from a young age there, like she was a child actress and in a band when she was really young. Um I actually I actually know somebody who toured with her or and has collaborated
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: need.
SPEAKER_R: her like a musician. Um and they said they did this really funny interview, they were just talking about like yeah York loves drag queens, who doesn't love pizza um like all the things she is into and not into. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm I saw the video recently from when she was like really young, must have been About 20 years old, you know performing on the stage. Um I guess she began her career at the age of 11. Byork Goldman's daughter, google woman's daughter. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: I thought
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you're going
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: figure.
SPEAKER_R: say this this there's this like semi viral. Also the old video of her like taking a part of T. V. Um and talking about like tv and in her like very Icelandic accent. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah just disassembling a television that's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: actually and she has this like line but like uh you know the T. V. Is like dreams or something like something something very odd and poetic like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Boxing dreams oh new york talking about her tv on repeat. 40 minutes A. S. M. R. Mhm. Yeah. Yes
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have I have a friend to like one of her party tricks I guess back when there were parties it was doing the Canadian national anthem. Either in Bjork's voice or Leonard Cohen's voice. Um which are very like distinct voices. And she could do a really good impression of both of them
SPEAKER_L: but both
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: that's impressive.
SPEAKER_R: One of one of them is like this like fantasy else voice. The other just like sounds like 10,000 cigarettes. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sounds very impressive. That's a lot of it's a big big range must be very versatile. It's
SPEAKER_R: Are you just like going to be there indefinitely?
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah yeah we're going to show you this typewriter um er this is a christmas gift. Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well, I can only see like the edge of it, but it looks. Yeah, there we go. Well they're
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: heard
SPEAKER_R: reminds
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: me there was this,
SPEAKER_L: Very good
SPEAKER_R: oh sorry, there was a store in Toronto that I really loved called the monkeys pa that sold the whole thing was something like old, like strange, not necessarily just like where as in like super valuable that they had some valuable books, just like weird old books, they were kind of like handpicked. Um And one of the other things I saw was like typewriters um she would
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: there would be
SPEAKER_L: with?
SPEAKER_R: like yeah. Yeah, but what do
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: they come with?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: was I was thinking um the monkeys always like you get exactly what you asked for but it comes with an ironic curse. There's like poetic irony about it. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I think that like I have a book on like uh I have a couple, I have this book um on british paganism that I got there years ago, uh or like Celtic paganism I guess. Um And we also have an out of print a collection of stories by or like fragments by this right in Iran for bank. Um who's actually like even before I found out he was like one of my favorite writers, he's like this sort of obscured british modernist writer, and I was really delighted to to find that there randomly. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Burbank what
SPEAKER_R: Ronald
SPEAKER_L: do you like
SPEAKER_R: S. I. R. Bank. Um I
SPEAKER_L: fear
SPEAKER_R: guess I
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: that his books are all like basically plotless, they're all like 100 pages long and they're mostly just like uh you know like clever sort of like camp dialogue with like a lot of ridiculous inventive names. Um He was he was definitely influenced by like Oscar Wilde.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've made a note of,
SPEAKER_R: Wait I can I guess you can't really see it, but this is like two and it's also backwards early so this to me but
SPEAKER_L: The new python
SPEAKER_R: oh it's the new rhythm but it's spelled
SPEAKER_L: rhythm.
SPEAKER_R: like a very weird way. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: there are said you said modernists. What do you I have to admit that I'm not sure I know what that means. With respect to literature, you know what I mean, like?
SPEAKER_R: I mean it means like multiple things that kind of makes sense. Like there, I don't think it's really like a okay uh coherent definition because you know um like uh James Joyce is very different from like this writer in a bunch of ways and it's also different from like Virginia woolf or whatever. Um But I guess it's sort of a common, the common features would be like you know like formal experimentation, like so like all these all these all these numbers by this guy are very short and then they have a plot just have like incidents. Um and dialogue that is uh sort of more uh trying to mimic the way that people actually speak and think. Um but not necessarily in the like really sort of like um you know the very what's the word that I'm? Mhm. Uh like spare kind of Hemingway way because Hemingway is like very stylized and it's in its own way, so yeah
SPEAKER_L: I was going to
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: say that there's a quintessentially Hemingway esque. Right. Would you say Hemingway was a modernist writer, the kind of fit in that or is it kind of? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he hung out with all those um but yeah that's that's what I mean when I when I am saying there wasn't really like a coherent definition because he's very difficult like that that is sort of a way that people speak, but the way that Joyce does where there's a lot of like inner monologues and wordplay and like inside jokes also away that people like speak um they're both just like distinct from the sort of like the very proper victorian style of writing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's it kind of seems more about like it's more of a moniker for a historical period than really a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like they were trying to capture the times they lived in which we're you know, very uh grading chaotic and filled with that people. Um this uh I don't think you can really uh think about it without thinking of like this is also the age of like cinema for the first time, like um the factory, like giant cities, skyscrapers um which Like those things are sort of emerging in like the 1800s, but I basically I feel like there was a much bigger break with the Uh you know, the dawn of the 20th century, then like the 19th um like a lot of people in like 1850s still live the way they would have like a century before. Um except for like, you know, they would they would travel on trains sometimes, but they weren't, there was no like mass media really aside from I guess like, yeah, newspapers already existed. Um and uh yeah, most people still didn't live in like giant cities. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: but that was if if I'm not mistaken, that's that's it was also post enclosure. Right? So it was sort of this transition period between um people living in a very agrarian communities and um being dependent were being able to sustain themselves on common land. Um uh but then um the common land becoming enclosed and people being forced to move to the cities where they, you know, essentially Mhm. If not being directly forced to but just in order to sustain themselves, it's like well okay all this all this land that you used to be able to depend on is essentially like up public good. Now it's being enclosed and turned into private property and now you basically have no choice because you still need to eat, right? So there's a workhouse in London that you can move to and there's a factory where you can get a job, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: even even in the UK which never had uh like a national revolution, like the french or the Russian one, um that was like a constant fault line I guess, like the english civil war was mostly about that. Um and there were various like uprisings along the same lines. Um Yeah, yeah, it's a I uh yeah, I I found the whole period like really fascinating. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I was going to say like it it kind of seems like it echoes the current thing in some ways, but I mean it's more like there there are these um parallel themes and social systems that that are still remaining. So it's sort of like rural and urban divide and the notion that you know like the US politically we're more divided on the lines of um of kind of this ultra nationalistic like rural culture versus a liberal and cosmopolitan urban culture, it seems to echo the same thing, It's like kind of the same process at work.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and like life is changing and possibly permanent ways that we can't really predict um accurately. Uh there was actually there was another mom nist whose paintings and writing, I really like uh named Wyndham Lewis who had really bad politics, he was really right wing. Um but he published his magazine called blast. That had a very funny um
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: just this like uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: this whole section called blessed or blaster, He like blessed and blast their blasted various things. Um and a lot of those things, because he wasn't like right wing and nationalist way, he thought that uh nationalism was stupid and for losers basically. Um so he made fun of like english cultural lot and uh so he's blessing like barbers um for moving the encumbrance of hair wherever he describes it. And then he's blasting like uh the british coast for like keeping us in our island prison or whatever, whatever the phrases, like just just kind of making fun of like the traditional rural life. Oh his his books, his paintings are like uh they're not like, like anybody can can appreciate those I think. But his books are very weird and difficult, like even stranger than like for a bank. Um Like his his pro style feels kind of inhuman at times, which might explain, like because he was also he was right wing, also really unpleasant personally, apparently. Um like uh he actually he met he was like friends of Ezra Pound, he met Hemingway once when they were like, Pound and Hemingway were boxing or something. Um And him and we later said the Wyndham Lewis had with the line, he said he had like the Eyes of an unsuccessful unsuccessful sexual predator or something like that. Just
SPEAKER_L: An unsuccessful sexual preference. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: just like uh they do not like each other. Um
SPEAKER_L: But simultaneously more respectable and less. Right,
SPEAKER_R: As as a parent, also, like even even more famously, uh was like uh you know, a fascist sympathizer. And like to the point where people think it might have been like actual mental illness, he was I mean, he was in an asylum for a while after the war. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Okay. Pound is one of those people who is an outspoken supporter of like Mussolini and Hitler, wasn't he before,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he actually did
SPEAKER_L: before 1940?
SPEAKER_R: uh So after 1940 he did uh like like yeah like like winning lewis at least like you know he to whatever
SPEAKER_L: I'm like
SPEAKER_R: created that's worth. He was like yeah I was
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: wrong with that. They were bad but pound
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: did up until the end he was doing the italian government paid him to do like propaganda broadcasts. Um uh And when the U. S. Army uh captured him, they like there was a very real possibility that he was gonna get tried for treason. Um Mhm. And the like the diagnosis of mental illness was partly way to save his life or save them from like a worse fate. Um Like it's always he was like if you read like his writing on like use serie or you know like any of the anti Semitic stuff, like he seems really obsessive in a way that is consistent with mental illness. Um But you know, he he also clearly wasn't just like a paranoid schizophrenic who couldn't function then outside society like after a decade or so, they let him out of the asylum and he just like, like cool and went back to Italy and just like live the rest of the place and uh in peace. Um So it's not like yeah, it's pretty murky. Um Whereas like when it was just like really bad, you know, he like borrowed money from all his girlfriends didn't pay it back, like just like really personally unpleasant. The paintings are good though. Um Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I think we're like 25 minutes now, so. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Probably will. When did you um
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: when you log
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: on again?
SPEAKER_R: it was like 4:35 for 40 something like that, so we should be mm Yeah, I only I I actually have a writing deadline so I'm like okay, I'm hoping to finish that tonight.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. Okay, well um I think your timer is more reliable than mine because I kind of I logged on it like 1:35 and then just sort of that year and look at these other projects
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: that I'm working on so right on. Well I won't keep you any longer if you got to get back to that. So when I turn with you
SPEAKER_R: likewise.
SPEAKER_L: um what's it, what's it like in new york right now? It seems kind of, I don't know, Brooklyn is a particularly hard hit, wasn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's weird because uh a lot of the a lot of them was vulnerable, people were already not like you know like elderly people, people who are ill not people who were out and about the most um and also not people that I personally would would know that many of the most people I know are like young and healthy for obvious students. So it feels uh only half visible and it's really eerie way like like time has been suspended, the president suspended and then it however many months it will return but like with a bunch of people just missing which is very unnerving. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like a silent killer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I think psychologically everybody is like they seem to be hanging in there. Um Yeah, I I mean it is and it is like very still feels like lonely, isolated. Um I mean I can't believe the other places are, I think even here it's going to be relaxed a little like as this month goes on but there's definitely not going to be like bars full or like restaurants just like speeding tons of people which they're doing in other places in which seems just insane to me. Um Especially
SPEAKER_L: It's wild
SPEAKER_R: because it hasn't even yeah and and it has even peaked in some of those places like here it actually had it's like it's the number of cases declining thankfully. But it's still, yeah there's still
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: like tons of people getting sick,
SPEAKER_L: and that's the only place in the U. S. That is declining right now.
SPEAKER_R: is it because I thought that Washington also had maybe like California. Um But other than
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: that I think you're right.
SPEAKER_L: okay I might have outed myself to sell because it was coming off of like a remark that someone made on Reddit just said that like new york was the only place that you know is in the negative for new cases you might know may be better informed on that than I am. But I
SPEAKER_R: It's also,
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm bad at math, so maybe it's like the other places that just those other places just Plateau code, which I guess is different from declining. Um Yeah, like it's yeah, you might be right. I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: maybe, I mean I just think it's wild like you have you have you have you been paying attention to this thing with, I I kind of hate to even say his name, but a certain tech billionaire, um, that runs an auto factory in three months California. So yeah, so I I came up here, I moved up here from the sf area of actually, um, I was I was living in in the actually standard cruise um, up until I left to come up here and, and so I'm I feel kind of a personal attachment to the plight of people who like don't have a choice but to go back to work for some new basis is, you know, um, I appreciate your work so much. It's so cool that you guys are so willing to do an honest day's work to go back to work. Um, when really, you know, it's like okay you either go back to work or you're fired. You know you either do what I say or you don't have a job anymore and then good luck paying all your bills. Right? So it's interesting
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: and go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like a bunch of these states um it's like go back to work or you lose unemployment, like you can just get fired without um without cars. Um Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I feel like the big push to reopen right now is is sort of based on like well the government and um you know um the owners of businesses and like sort of the um underwear is down all this stuff like the capitalist class right? Um wants everyone
SPEAKER_R: No, I
SPEAKER_L: to go back to work.
SPEAKER_R: I am I am against those people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know I've got and it's like it's like well we either pay all these millions of people unemployment or we tell them well you better go back to work and guess what guess which way they break when it comes down to it is a human lives are capital. So I don't know, I mean like I put in a lot of energy for the Bernie Sanders campaign. Um I feel like you know we are efforts like helped to win um California only to like have the entire movement be co opted and swallowed up by the DNC again. So it's like well okay now what I mean obviously obviously like we're not being looked out for you know so but I'll let you go but if you have a thought on that then I would like to hear it. So.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I mean, I'm trying to write about it actually. Um and I haven't really organize my thoughts in a coherent way. Um Yeah, it's just too depressing to think about right now, so I'm just like
SPEAKER_L: Fair.
SPEAKER_R: doing doing research and like trying to
SPEAKER_L: My bed blasted that you like that so you're trying
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: that was mhm. Oh yeah, just just like sort of how I like the aftermath of like the primary um and uh like I uh yeah the whole like were difficult thing feels feels very real to me um right now, but I think that's kind of what I what I want to, that's like the angle that I'm interested in the generational um which is which is also just like it really is just like a it's like people who own property for example. Um It was it was like people in in the UK, the reason that it's skewed um so much by age is that older people like own houses there and the vast majority of younger people don't um
SPEAKER_L: So they want that mobility like there they will be hurt by Brexit because the ability to live and work anywhere means that they have some means not just stuck there anywhere in the Eu I mean um
SPEAKER_R: so they could go to like Berlin or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting um Man when you said death coat, I honestly got chills like I'm I honestly feel that and it's like you know like you talk to people who feel like it's sort of this business like this as usual kind of thing. Like things are just going to go back to normal and like that honestly feels mildly insane. It's like it's like chris hedges said you know, these people will kill us all, you know? So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I'm not even death cult in like, you know, they're really like metal like you know uh you like cutting people's hearts that way more Like I was actually thinking more like, do you know like the Heaven's Gate called? Uh Yeah, they were, I think in California they seem very California, but they were they really interesting because their leader wasn't like didn't seem like a megalomaniac at all. He was assigned Morris Applewhite who just seemed kind of sad and he was like clearly he was like a kind of like deeply closeted gay man and just like not like really controlling. It was kind of like the classic like jim jones way. Um and the heavens gate even before they're like mass suicide go to space or whatever, they actually had like a pizza party and went to see a movie. Um and that's that's nice. A little bit, you know, like uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: lot of these like boomers, like they
SPEAKER_L: issue.
SPEAKER_R: just want to like, they want to leave and like the most painless way possible, you know? Uh like that's there, that's the limit of their political ambition, just like having a peaceful exit, which is what the return to normality is about. Um but I'm still
SPEAKER_L: Damn
SPEAKER_R: like putting this all together in my mind.
SPEAKER_L: peaceful exit just here in Opelika is crazy. Um It's like the it's a banal kind of death cult right? It's like we want we want we want to live in our boring decaying dystopia and
SPEAKER_R: like it's not like the Aztecs or something that would at least be uh enlightening. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like if they were actually literally going to like cut me open, like a giant temple, that would actually kind of cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think the sacrifices, the people that were sacrificed were also um religiously um um motivated and this is kind of like inspiring
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: like self sacrifice kind of like I mean they also killed slaves obviously they also killed conquered people that way. But like they would offer themselves as well to my understanding.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I would much rather uh we sacrificed to like the feathered serpent then like a private healthcare company. Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Um Are you publishing that online anywhere or or is it like for?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a freelancer, so I just like publishing a bunch of different places um like right now I'm trying to finish this interview for this website called Has it, which is just like a Canadian literary magazine that I've written for forever
SPEAKER_L: Sorry what's it called?
SPEAKER_R: Hazlitt like
SPEAKER_L: Hazlett
SPEAKER_R: zed Ahh it's yeah, like his hazard was the name of this famous diarist um
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: H. A. Z. I. L. I. T. T. Um And I'm like I've written for them since like the beginning because I know they're sounding editor and everything, so yeah, it's just like I'm trying to finish transcribing this long interview for them. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't mind reading your article when you are done if it um how can I find it or?
SPEAKER_R: Well uh I am not totally sure who would publish this yet. Um But uh my name is chris Randall if you want to like look at like R. A. N. D. L. D. If you want to, I don't even have a personal website but.
SPEAKER_L: R E N D L E. Right on my
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: name
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: then. Nice
SPEAKER_R: to meet
SPEAKER_L: to meet
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: you. Oh not post anywhere
SPEAKER_R: because.
SPEAKER_L: but last last name is hung But yeah that's not you know if you look me up or whatever, there wouldn't be any kind of media like if you published articles. Yeah, rambling. No. Anyways. Sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's fine. Um Yeah I guess I'll get back to transcribing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'll let you go. Um, Hey, good luck with everything and you know, stay safe. Still healthy. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: Let's talk to chris, take care.