Hello?
my laptop was not working.
where was this? Yeah.
Is it like
very rural and remote?
Shit.
I uh I grew up in in Toronto and I live in new york. That sounds very like remote from from from my very different from my experience. Um Mhm.
Okay. Yeah, I've only been to the pacific northwest once, so I wasn't sure about the like geography.
Yeah, like in Brooklyn.
I mean I
I
I really
yeah, I mean I really love living in a because I grew up in Toronto, I I really love living like a giant city in general like that. I just feel like most at home doing that. Um Like whenever I go uh when I ever have to go to like a small town for like whatever reason, even even if it's for like a vacation sometimes I just feel like I'm losing my mind. Um and I think I would go crazy if I had to like, I mean I don't know how to drive even so I am really not suited to. Uh Yeah because uh Toronto is like I guess it's like a handful of cities in north America that have like an actual subway system and that's one of them. Um Like I grew
up,
yeah. Yeah, like I grew up five minutes away from a subway station, so I just never bothered to learn how to drive.
Yeah, I think my parents were like kind of freaking out when they this all started because they imagine that there would be people and like you know like post apocalyptic like biker games or something. Um But obviously that did not happen, it's just like kind of uh empty and depressing.
Oh my god, is that is
that the sheep gone? It's
kind of
hard
to, it's a little, I just kind of like a shape, like a cute shape, it's hard to see on the um
looks mad or like ordinary uh
I guess also because it's because it's Iceland, they probably grew up in like or they probably evolved and were bred or whatever in total isolation for a long time. Um Like I don't think Iceland had very much like outside contact for at least 1000 years.
Okay. Actually I I really wanted to visit there in the like before time but I don't know whether that's going to happen any time soon.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that doesn't ice and have like I I think they have like a registry like everybody just like a names like surnames in the entire country um and you just get called like Bjornsson or whatever, it's like a I guess like it's like a or daughter, like it's it's son or daughter and they're just like uh they just yeah there's because there's like there's so few people and they were like you know not trading outside very much so like Bjork is like a stage name, her real name is like One of those 80 names. Yeah.
Yeah, I think she was really famous from a young age there, like she was a child actress and in a band when she was really young. Um I actually I actually know somebody who toured with her or and has collaborated
with
her like a musician. Um and they said they did this really funny interview, they were just talking about like yeah York loves drag queens, who doesn't love pizza um like all the things she is into and not into. Um
I thought
you're going
to
say this this there's this like semi viral. Also the old video of her like taking a part of T. V. Um and talking about like tv and in her like very Icelandic accent. Um
actually and she has this like line but like uh you know the T. V. Is like dreams or something like something something very odd and poetic like that.
Yeah I have I have a friend to like one of her party tricks I guess back when there were parties it was doing the Canadian national anthem. Either in Bjork's voice or Leonard Cohen's voice. Um which are very like distinct voices. And she could do a really good impression of both of them
because
One of one of them is like this like fantasy else voice. The other just like sounds like 10,000 cigarettes. Um
Are you just like going to be there indefinitely?
Oh well, I can only see like the edge of it, but it looks. Yeah, there we go. Well they're
they're
reminds
me there was this,
oh sorry, there was a store in Toronto that I really loved called the monkeys pa that sold the whole thing was something like old, like strange, not necessarily just like where as in like super valuable that they had some valuable books, just like weird old books, they were kind of like handpicked. Um And one of the other things I saw was like typewriters um she would
go
in
there would be
like yeah. Yeah, but what do
they come with?
What?
Yeah. And I think that like I have a book on like uh I have a couple, I have this book um on british paganism that I got there years ago, uh or like Celtic paganism I guess. Um And we also have an out of print a collection of stories by or like fragments by this right in Iran for bank. Um who's actually like even before I found out he was like one of my favorite writers, he's like this sort of obscured british modernist writer, and I was really delighted to to find that there randomly. Mhm.
Ronald
S. I. R. Bank. Um I
guess I
like
that his books are all like basically plotless, they're all like 100 pages long and they're mostly just like uh you know like clever sort of like camp dialogue with like a lot of ridiculous inventive names. Um He was he was definitely influenced by like Oscar Wilde.
Wait I can I guess you can't really see it, but this is like two and it's also backwards early so this to me but
oh it's the new rhythm but it's spelled
like a very weird way. Mhm.
I mean it means like multiple things that kind of makes sense. Like there, I don't think it's really like a okay uh coherent definition because you know um like uh James Joyce is very different from like this writer in a bunch of ways and it's also different from like Virginia woolf or whatever. Um But I guess it's sort of a common, the common features would be like you know like formal experimentation, like so like all these all these all these numbers by this guy are very short and then they have a plot just have like incidents. Um and dialogue that is uh sort of more uh trying to mimic the way that people actually speak and think. Um but not necessarily in the like really sort of like um you know the very what's the word that I'm? Mhm. Uh like spare kind of Hemingway way because Hemingway is like very stylized and it's in its own way, so yeah
like
yeah, he hung out with all those um but yeah that's that's what I mean when I when I am saying there wasn't really like a coherent definition because he's very difficult like that that is sort of a way that people speak, but the way that Joyce does where there's a lot of like inner monologues and wordplay and like inside jokes also away that people like speak um they're both just like distinct from the sort of like the very proper victorian style of writing. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, like they were trying to capture the times they lived in which we're you know, very uh grading chaotic and filled with that people. Um this uh I don't think you can really uh think about it without thinking of like this is also the age of like cinema for the first time, like um the factory, like giant cities, skyscrapers um which Like those things are sort of emerging in like the 1800s, but I basically I feel like there was a much bigger break with the Uh you know, the dawn of the 20th century, then like the 19th um like a lot of people in like 1850s still live the way they would have like a century before. Um except for like, you know, they would they would travel on trains sometimes, but they weren't, there was no like mass media really aside from I guess like, yeah, newspapers already existed. Um and uh yeah, most people still didn't live in like giant cities. Mhm.
Yeah,
even even in the UK which never had uh like a national revolution, like the french or the Russian one, um that was like a constant fault line I guess, like the english civil war was mostly about that. Um and there were various like uprisings along the same lines. Um Yeah, yeah, it's a I uh yeah, I I found the whole period like really fascinating. Okay.
Yeah, and like life is changing and possibly permanent ways that we can't really predict um accurately. Uh there was actually there was another mom nist whose paintings and writing, I really like uh named Wyndham Lewis who had really bad politics, he was really right wing. Um but he published his magazine called blast. That had a very funny um
just this like uh
this whole section called blessed or blaster, He like blessed and blast their blasted various things. Um and a lot of those things, because he wasn't like right wing and nationalist way, he thought that uh nationalism was stupid and for losers basically. Um so he made fun of like english cultural lot and uh so he's blessing like barbers um for moving the encumbrance of hair wherever he describes it. And then he's blasting like uh the british coast for like keeping us in our island prison or whatever, whatever the phrases, like just just kind of making fun of like the traditional rural life. Oh his his books, his paintings are like uh they're not like, like anybody can can appreciate those I think. But his books are very weird and difficult, like even stranger than like for a bank. Um Like his his pro style feels kind of inhuman at times, which might explain, like because he was also he was right wing, also really unpleasant personally, apparently. Um like uh he actually he met he was like friends of Ezra Pound, he met Hemingway once when they were like, Pound and Hemingway were boxing or something. Um And him and we later said the Wyndham Lewis had with the line, he said he had like the Eyes of an unsuccessful unsuccessful sexual predator or something like that. Just
just like uh they do not like each other. Um
As as a parent, also, like even even more famously, uh was like uh you know, a fascist sympathizer. And like to the point where people think it might have been like actual mental illness, he was I mean, he was in an asylum for a while after the war. Um Yeah.
Yeah he actually did
uh So after 1940 he did uh like like yeah like like winning lewis at least like you know he to whatever
created that's worth. He was like yeah I was
I was
wrong with that. They were bad but pound
did up until the end he was doing the italian government paid him to do like propaganda broadcasts. Um uh And when the U. S. Army uh captured him, they like there was a very real possibility that he was gonna get tried for treason. Um Mhm. And the like the diagnosis of mental illness was partly way to save his life or save them from like a worse fate. Um Like it's always he was like if you read like his writing on like use serie or you know like any of the anti Semitic stuff, like he seems really obsessive in a way that is consistent with mental illness. Um But you know, he he also clearly wasn't just like a paranoid schizophrenic who couldn't function then outside society like after a decade or so, they let him out of the asylum and he just like, like cool and went back to Italy and just like live the rest of the place and uh in peace. Um So it's not like yeah, it's pretty murky. Um Whereas like when it was just like really bad, you know, he like borrowed money from all his girlfriends didn't pay it back, like just like really personally unpleasant. The paintings are good though. Um Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I think we're like 25 minutes now, so. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
It was
I think
it was like 4:35 for 40 something like that, so we should be mm Yeah, I only I I actually have a writing deadline so I'm like okay, I'm hoping to finish that tonight.
actually
likewise.
Yeah, I mean it's weird because uh a lot of the a lot of them was vulnerable, people were already not like you know like elderly people, people who are ill not people who were out and about the most um and also not people that I personally would would know that many of the most people I know are like young and healthy for obvious students. So it feels uh only half visible and it's really eerie way like like time has been suspended, the president suspended and then it however many months it will return but like with a bunch of people just missing which is very unnerving. Um
Yeah, but I think psychologically everybody is like they seem to be hanging in there. Um Yeah, I I mean it is and it is like very still feels like lonely, isolated. Um I mean I can't believe the other places are, I think even here it's going to be relaxed a little like as this month goes on but there's definitely not going to be like bars full or like restaurants just like speeding tons of people which they're doing in other places in which seems just insane to me. Um Especially
because it hasn't even yeah and and it has even peaked in some of those places like here it actually had it's like it's the number of cases declining thankfully. But it's still, yeah there's still
like tons of people getting sick,
is it because I thought that Washington also had maybe like California. Um But other than
that I think you're right.
It's also,
I mean I'm bad at math, so maybe it's like the other places that just those other places just Plateau code, which I guess is different from declining. Um Yeah, like it's yeah, you might be right. I'm not sure.
Like
Yeah, like a bunch of these states um it's like go back to work or you lose unemployment, like you can just get fired without um without cars. Um Mhm.
No, I
I am I am against those people. Yeah.
Oh, I mean, I'm trying to write about it actually. Um and I haven't really organize my thoughts in a coherent way. Um Yeah, it's just too depressing to think about right now, so I'm just like
doing doing research and like trying to
that was
that was mhm. Oh yeah, just just like sort of how I like the aftermath of like the primary um and uh like I uh yeah the whole like were difficult thing feels feels very real to me um right now, but I think that's kind of what I what I want to, that's like the angle that I'm interested in the generational um which is which is also just like it really is just like a it's like people who own property for example. Um It was it was like people in in the UK, the reason that it's skewed um so much by age is that older people like own houses there and the vast majority of younger people don't um
so they could go to like Berlin or whatever.
Yeah. And I'm not even death cult in like, you know, they're really like metal like you know uh you like cutting people's hearts that way more Like I was actually thinking more like, do you know like the Heaven's Gate called? Uh Yeah, they were, I think in California they seem very California, but they were they really interesting because their leader wasn't like didn't seem like a megalomaniac at all. He was assigned Morris Applewhite who just seemed kind of sad and he was like clearly he was like a kind of like deeply closeted gay man and just like not like really controlling. It was kind of like the classic like jim jones way. Um and the heavens gate even before they're like mass suicide go to space or whatever, they actually had like a pizza party and went to see a movie. Um and that's that's nice. A little bit, you know, like uh
a
lot of these like boomers, like they
just want to like, they want to leave and like the most painless way possible, you know? Uh like that's there, that's the limit of their political ambition, just like having a peaceful exit, which is what the return to normality is about. Um but I'm still
like putting this all together in my mind.
like it's not like the Aztecs or something that would at least be uh enlightening. Um
like if they were actually literally going to like cut me open, like a giant temple, that would actually kind of cool. Yeah.
This
Yeah, like I would much rather uh we sacrificed to like the feathered serpent then like a private healthcare company. Yeah, yeah,
I'm a freelancer, so I just like publishing a bunch of different places um like right now I'm trying to finish this interview for this website called Has it, which is just like a Canadian literary magazine that I've written for forever
Hazlitt like
zed Ahh it's yeah, like his hazard was the name of this famous diarist um
H. A. Z. I. L. I. T. T. Um And I'm like I've written for them since like the beginning because I know they're sounding editor and everything, so yeah, it's just like I'm trying to finish transcribing this long interview for them. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Well uh I am not totally sure who would publish this yet. Um But uh my name is chris Randall if you want to like look at like R. A. N. D. L. D. If you want to, I don't even have a personal website but.
it's
like a
to meet
you
because.
Oh it's fine. Um Yeah I guess I'll get back to transcribing. Mhm.
nice to talk to you.