mm. Yeah. Back. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. A big Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Fuck. Mhm. Yeah. Anything. Oh. Mhm. Okay, correct. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh right, okay. But Mhm. Okay. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Dead yes. Changes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
You can hear me okay. Okay.
Oh no worries. I was right, I had missed you, I was meeting these um Icelandic sheepdogs, I I just got it's got all kind of petting these uh it's five little puppies, hurt is absolutely adorable, A six week old puppies and uh
Well it's the context is I'm in Graham Washington um and um I'm staying here temporarily with my friend who lives on this ranch and they have um at this ranch they have a an animal behavioral school and so they'll they'll they'll have people bring their um animals in their pets and they'll teach them how to how to train them. So I got uh meet these little these little creatures matter of fact
anyway.
Um Yeah, relatively speaking, I mean to be honest, it felt pretty, it felt that way when I first moved here. Um But actually I'm finding that people have a very suburban mentality. Um It's just like the tracks of land the property areas are are bigger, you know? But it's like everyone kind of has a lawn. Um We had our first hot day if you um I think last weekend before last weekend and like everyone just came out and just started like doing donuts in their lawns with their lawn mowers, you know, everyone has a riding lawnmower. So
you know, so it kind of it has a rural feel, but instead of like kind of having all these wilderness corridors and everything. Um It honestly kind of feels like there's a lot of private property and lawns, so it's honestly kind of lame but it might just be this immediate neighborhood that I'm in right now anyway.
I mean it's pretty close to Tacoma, it's like um Maybe maybe 45 minutes to an hour. Um
Blue. So um so you said you live in new york like new york city or
how do you like it? Both?
I mean you
you got
a pandemic right now right?
so
it's like living in a developed country.
right on two, I mean that's fine as long as you stick to the city's right?
Yeah, we've got a little ways to go before it starts to look like that you're
it's
And there
were
five
there you are. Mhm.
Yeah, they kind of go from like um being really affectionate too, just like biting at your hands really quick and I don't know it seems like uh so it's like maybe love bites, maybe maybe aggressive they get aggressive with each other but it's like I think they I think they deal with excitement by just like biting whatever is close by. Sure
that's right as they come
in the land before time.
Alright now I'm curious new york um born in Reykjavik where's Fernando trying to find her actual her mother killed Aruna hawks daughter protested against the development of hydropower plant terrorist
no
need.
Mhm I saw the video recently from when she was like really young, must have been About 20 years old, you know performing on the stage. Um I guess she began her career at the age of 11. Byork Goldman's daughter, google woman's daughter. Uh huh
and
go
figure.
Yeah just disassembling a television that's interesting.
Yeah. Boxing dreams oh new york talking about her tv on repeat. 40 minutes A. S. M. R. Mhm. Yeah. Yes
but both
that's impressive.
Yeah. Sounds very impressive. That's a lot of it's a big big range must be very versatile. It's
yeah yeah yeah we're going to show you this typewriter um er this is a christmas gift. Crazy.
I
heard
that.
Very good
Did
they
come
with?
So
I
was I was thinking um the monkeys always like you get exactly what you asked for but it comes with an ironic curse. There's like poetic irony about it. Right? Yeah.
Burbank what
do you like
fear
of
it?
Yeah I've made a note of,
The new python
rhythm.
there are said you said modernists. What do you I have to admit that I'm not sure I know what that means. With respect to literature, you know what I mean, like?
I was going to
say that there's a quintessentially Hemingway esque. Right. Would you say Hemingway was a modernist writer, the kind of fit in that or is it kind of? Yeah.
Uh huh. So
it's it kind of seems more about like it's more of a moniker for a historical period than really a
but that was if if I'm not mistaken, that's that's it was also post enclosure. Right? So it was sort of this transition period between um people living in a very agrarian communities and um being dependent were being able to sustain themselves on common land. Um uh but then um the common land becoming enclosed and people being forced to move to the cities where they, you know, essentially Mhm. If not being directly forced to but just in order to sustain themselves, it's like well okay all this all this land that you used to be able to depend on is essentially like up public good. Now it's being enclosed and turned into private property and now you basically have no choice because you still need to eat, right? So there's a workhouse in London that you can move to and there's a factory where you can get a job, right?
So. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, I was going to say like it it kind of seems like it echoes the current thing in some ways, but I mean it's more like there there are these um parallel themes and social systems that that are still remaining. So it's sort of like rural and urban divide and the notion that you know like the US politically we're more divided on the lines of um of kind of this ultra nationalistic like rural culture versus a liberal and cosmopolitan urban culture, it seems to echo the same thing, It's like kind of the same process at work.
Good.
Yeah.
An unsuccessful sexual preference. Mhm.
But simultaneously more respectable and less. Right,
mm. Okay. Pound is one of those people who is an outspoken supporter of like Mussolini and Hitler, wasn't he before,
before 1940?
I'm like
I feel
like
but
Probably will. When did you um
when you log
on again?
Gotcha. Okay, well um I think your timer is more reliable than mine because I kind of I logged on it like 1:35 and then just sort of that year and look at these other projects
that I'm working on so right on. Well I won't keep you any longer if you got to get back to that. So when I turn with you
um what's it, what's it like in new york right now? It seems kind of, I don't know, Brooklyn is a particularly hard hit, wasn't it?
Yeah. Like a silent killer.
It's wild
was
and that's the only place in the U. S. That is declining right now.
Well
okay I might have outed myself to sell because it was coming off of like a remark that someone made on Reddit just said that like new york was the only place that you know is in the negative for new cases you might know may be better informed on that than I am. But I
just
maybe, I mean I just think it's wild like you have you have you have you been paying attention to this thing with, I I kind of hate to even say his name, but a certain tech billionaire, um, that runs an auto factory in three months California. So yeah, so I I came up here, I moved up here from the sf area of actually, um, I was I was living in in the actually standard cruise um, up until I left to come up here and, and so I'm I feel kind of a personal attachment to the plight of people who like don't have a choice but to go back to work for some new basis is, you know, um, I appreciate your work so much. It's so cool that you guys are so willing to do an honest day's work to go back to work. Um, when really, you know, it's like okay you either go back to work or you're fired. You know you either do what I say or you don't have a job anymore and then good luck paying all your bills. Right? So it's interesting
and go ahead.
Yeah and I feel like the big push to reopen right now is is sort of based on like well the government and um you know um the owners of businesses and like sort of the um underwear is down all this stuff like the capitalist class right? Um wants everyone
to go back to work.
you know I've got and it's like it's like well we either pay all these millions of people unemployment or we tell them well you better go back to work and guess what guess which way they break when it comes down to it is a human lives are capital. So I don't know, I mean like I put in a lot of energy for the Bernie Sanders campaign. Um I feel like you know we are efforts like helped to win um California only to like have the entire movement be co opted and swallowed up by the DNC again. So it's like well okay now what I mean obviously obviously like we're not being looked out for you know so but I'll let you go but if you have a thought on that then I would like to hear it. So.
Fair.
My bed blasted that you like that so you're trying
to.
So they want that mobility like there they will be hurt by Brexit because the ability to live and work anywhere means that they have some means not just stuck there anywhere in the Eu I mean um
That's interesting um Man when you said death coat, I honestly got chills like I'm I honestly feel that and it's like you know like you talk to people who feel like it's sort of this business like this as usual kind of thing. Like things are just going to go back to normal and like that honestly feels mildly insane. It's like it's like chris hedges said you know, these people will kill us all, you know? So.
Uh
huh.
issue.
Damn
peaceful exit just here in Opelika is crazy. Um It's like the it's a banal kind of death cult right? It's like we want we want we want to live in our boring decaying dystopia and
Yeah.
I think the sacrifices, the people that were sacrificed were also um religiously um um motivated and this is kind of like inspiring
like self sacrifice kind of like I mean they also killed slaves obviously they also killed conquered people that way. But like they would offer themselves as well to my understanding.
Yeah. Uh huh. Um Are you publishing that online anywhere or or is it like for?
Sorry what's it called?
Hazlett
thanks.
I wouldn't mind reading your article when you are done if it um how can I find it or?
R E N D L E. Right on my
name
then. Nice
to meet
you. Oh not post anywhere
but last last name is hung But yeah that's not you know if you look me up or whatever, there wouldn't be any kind of media like if you published articles. Yeah, rambling. No. Anyways. Sorry,
Yeah, I'll let you go. Um, Hey, good luck with everything and you know, stay safe. Still healthy. Thank you.
Let's talk to chris, take care.