I've had that happen to me a couple of times in my fifth conversation though, so. Okay. Number
five. My favorite number. Okay.
I've had I've had a good time with it
lexi.
You too?
Where abouts are you?
I'm in philadelphia.
It's um finally feeling like full. We had our fifth summer, that's what I call
it,
was like 80° last week
and now it's um so uh fifties,
46° and Sunny, so but I'm cold obviously in a blanket. My house is going today. Yeah,
I
got
less almost now. I want to know, I miss like back
in the day, like I was a little
I'm from massachusetts originally and For four seasons there's no seasons anymore. They're all over the place. I just missed, you know, tons
of male last year and the beginning of this year and there was always snowed once in philadelphia the whole winter.
Yeah. I want to move. My ideal place would be like Montreal.
I am
but it gets really cold there every time I go right then it's really cold thomas now. Yeah. A weird person. I like winter. Uh huh.
you can always put more clothes on and
they're always
comfy clothes, no
big
sweaters
and scarves and everything is really comfortable. I can't walk around naked.
I am currently employed like a lot of us. Um I was looking before Covid in finance and a jar
and shoot that one really. And then my second job was for my friends, Japanese seemed cat cafe wherever they would serve like coffee drinks and milkshakes and stuff like that and had adoptable cats from the shelter. Um And she unfortunately lost her business in this hole saying so both of my jobs are gone. So I've been volunteers a lot and I've been on unemployment and I've been looking for a job for months. But now we're going through another um extreme stay at home kind of lockdown shutdown thing here. Um Which is necessary because it's our numbers that have gotten out of control again. And uh I just don't know what we're gonna do but
I'm a
little So what about you?
What?
Everybody
keeps telling me to go look, you know us jobs jobs with the government um The application process them. Yes,
a lot.
yeah. I have
a bunch of friends work for the EPA and a bunch of friends work for the NSA. And they are all similar to you. They're doing mostly remote some shift two days on. He is at home rotating. Yeah,
that's bad.
I
miss working and because I'm doing volunteer work for a nonprofit mm and
HR stuff and finance and I miss leaving for I live in the studio apartment. I'm just leaving leaving my four walls interacting with. Yeah.
I
know. My
goodness.
Yeah. That's scary.
I can't even imagine. I mean we we have been we were
really good. We were like one of the best ST for a long time. And then we relaxed things and then it went, I mean even through like George Floyd protests who had a lot of people close together, our numbers didn't capture that. And then all of a sudden they did like labour days when we opened up everything like relaxed. We have indoor dining in restaurants like outdoor dining and gatherings were allowed again and then everything went started and then recently it's just exclude because people got I guess covid gee I started seeing
less
and less people with nests when I went
out and I'm like, what are you guys doing? It's not over wear a mask, please.
What?
It's surprising to me. Maybe it's I lived in south Korea for a year and just I adopted the practice
of wearing that's they were a mess when you get a cold and your allergies. They were masters because they were as sometimes when you have visit, right? Yeah.
And I just got used to it. So I'm like sweet, we get two more mess now, This is great. Mhm.
I know
it's like politics be political but it's like, really? How was that infringing on your freedom? Uh
Yeah.
It's like 1, 1 minute you're worried about these reading or face recognition technology, you know? And then the next minute you're worried about your freedom with your face being covered. That's
so
yeah, that's that's true.
Oh goodness. It's I don't even know. I have friends that live in Canada. I have friends for Canadian obviously have european friends and I have south korean friends. Obviously an Australian friends village in Australia and they're all like what are you guys doing? I'm like, I don't know, I
don't
know, I don't know what we're doing.
So what do you like to do for fun? It's not coated.
Is that I've always wanted to try robert, is that good?
That's a
I mean it's the best way to learn I guess.
Just business, it's mostly
like accounting and bookkeeping type stuff less on the top. Sorry, I never really got into that.
It seems it seems to be to me.
That's crazy
because our stock market is completely divorced tomorrow. Common. How well our stock market is doing has nothing to do with our economy really.
That's true.
That
that
certain
certain sectors energy and petroleum and that kind of stuff. Yes. But. Mhm.
The general like like economy economy at large like the general production of you know the means of production of the people has nothing to do with the stock market really.
There's a lot, there's so many perspectives on the stock market that you could study it for your whole life and still not I think fully understand it or understand it on.
Yeah. You would only understand on the way and you're on the way you want to understand and interpret it because many styles of investing
Very successful.
Yeah. He started out like as a poor farm boy or something too. I think. I think so. Yeah. I don't think he came pretty much.
Yeah. It's great.
That's crazy funny.
It might new york might be underwater the way we're
going.
venice is my favorite.
I love them. Is gun this traveling. Um
Yeah, I lived in south Korea. I lived in Australia in the Outback.
That was a barmaid for a tender a little
and a couple of little towns. Um Yeah, I was just traveling playing to graduate school at the time. I mean applying to graduate school really easy because there was nothing else to do in the middle of nowhere. Um
Well I've had a bunch of money and I did some traveling up to that around Southeast Asia and then I went to graduate school from 5.5 years and I had to leave my PhD program in 2017 because I ran out of funding and can't
afford it anymore. Yeah.
Yeah, it does. And
Yeah. That's crazy, isn't it? What would you what were you getting? Yeah.
so I
I am a weird person, so I work in finance and business and I've done operations and project management and I've been an executive assistant almost, but I have degrees in Anthropology
and I almost have the PhD in environmental and ecological anthropology, that's pretty broad too. But
I was studying hydro electric, the
effects of hydro electric dams in Fiji.
The chinese government bought their way into it so they can control their
electric, market their electricity. I deal with like village chiefs because they saw villages, they're staying village with no running water, no electricity um before they built this thing, they just make this deal, I grabbed the cheese with money and the Fijian government money um and dammed up this river, that was a major
source
of
bathing water drinking water.
Uh huh. Water to do laundry with. I mean major source of fresh water that same. And then they the chinese government who's going to charge rural Fijians who are already struggling to make no money money for electricity. Yeah and in exchange the menus government got parcels of beachfront property that they were allowed to develop. It was like so much corruption and so many bad consequences because the genes didn't want electricity and they didn't want to pay for it and how they work
now they have it in their self and they didn't know that their chief made a deal and I can't tell them that because that's not that would have started like a war.
It was crazy intense
and I couldn't get the U. S.
So you have to play for Grant. Obviously. Winner grand
were Fulbright. Those are the only things that fund anthropology and the grant cycles
are
once per year. So you got one
shot. I could not get something to that project. If it would have saved my life. I couldn't get funding
for
it
because nobody wanted to touch the chinese. Anything to do with the chinese government. Right.
So I couldn't finish. Mhm.
But
they
went
and
destroyed this whole like beautiful river like and cut down all these trees and I didn't hire it. They're supposed to hire certain percentage of between nothing and now when I look at videos I'm like oh my God like what has changed they've done it's supposed to be okay a good thing and
it's
not been a good thing. It's now a large portion of the trunk is included. A lot of people have left the village to go move to Maine island to make money. It's still lobbying Ripple effective one decision.
Usually the press likes to fund something that's economically I've been changes to that's not economically advantageous to the U. S.
It's really but it's really hard to shut down a nuclear power.
that's something I haven't thought about in a long time. I remember reading, I grew up on Cape Cod Honey right here. One of the judges going to keep up there is a nuclear power. And I feel like years ago we shut it down. And I remember reading about what happens to like the component, what happens to like the components of the, what do you do with it? Where do you put
it?
Like a desert in Nevada or something? Right. Uh huh.
All
What
do you do with recently
after?
Like how do you have, what do you do with the reactor? Like the quote? How do you how do you do it in like the byproducts of them? Like toxic
shit.
Right. Three incidents.
It's
crazy.
I just I think about like,
you know, there are tourism
tours for like Chernobyl and stuff now, like, like why are
people doing this? No war.
It was great. Thank you.
same to you. Yeah. Good
day.