Hello, Hang on to make sure that it almost. Uh huh. Right. Well that's cool. Last time I tried to do this there wasn't a real person, that was just a great screen. Oh. Oh
Mhm
it's kind of a cool way to make it an extra couple of bucks. Uh huh.
Yeah, cool. So I realized after I did my last conversation, I didn't even like no the person's name, so I'm chris
nice to meet you.
It's
I am in the northwest in Idaho. Uh huh
Uh huh. How's the weather in philadelphia?
The
property,
to do that,
yes, yes. Uh
we had snow just a couple of days ago. It's uh it's sunny, grass is still kind of kind of green so I
guess it's not
weird.
what?
That's it.
But
I guess you can move someplace colder.
mm. Yeah. Head up away north I guess
it's not too far north is just across the border but yeah.
and being cold I guess so.
E.
N.
I guess
that
there's
Well we're not getting arrested maybe. Yeah. Cool. So what do you do in Philly?
with you? Mhm.
hunker
down and
Okay. Um I work for the Department of Energy. There's a research lab out here in Idaho called the Idaho National Lab.
It's I think the Department of Energy has like 14 labs across the US. so uh I've been I guess really lucky with the covid stuff they can't turn off reactors and uh so we do some remote work and do some shift work and just make it work. And
my
Yeah.
Mhm. Oh, I hear. Yeah. Yeah. I had to go through that and then get hired and then also do a security clearance. And that was intense. And, but you know, it's a good job. I guess there's, oh, there's a lot of people who don't have work like you said or whose business has got closed, so I'm not gonna complain
too much.
We just went to, we went to 4, 10 or 4 12 so four on and four off
and cut everybody up into different crews.
So,
Uh huh.
Right. Yeah. That can get kind of old after a while. Uh, you mentioned your numbers they're getting crazy and like lockdown like we're in Idaho where the numbers are like insane
and
nobody
cares apparently.
Yeah and there's no lockdown either so yeah you just stay at home as much as you can I guess. Yeah.
Actually
It's just
that
No.
Yeah I think everywhere has their fair share of people who are like anti mask.
There's a lot of people here who are
But
Yeah
Yeah.
Something.
Oh this is yeah
that's really hard to make that connection I think. I don't understand how people jump to that connection either.
What
was the stuff people worrying about? five G. So?
Yeah. To pick your conspiracy theory?
like
nothing.
Mhm. Well needed, does anybody else? So you're not alone. There's millions of americans who also don't know. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah. When it's not coping uh That's a good question. So we have a house here that's like on a half acre land, so we got a big yard and play outside. We're not we're about an hour away from Yellowstone so there's plenty of outdoor stuff to go do and explore. And uh I'm not lately uh my hobby has been trying to make money on prolific and penny stocks on Robin Hood. Oh.
I don't know like I only got $45 invested there. Well I should say I only have $35 invested then I made like 20 bucks but
it's no no not for the amount that was invested but now I'm afraid to sell what I'm invested in because like well I don't know if I can repeat that. So it's not bad, it's like a video game, you can check it every day or a couple of days and you can see if your stocks are up and down and there's no fee to trade it. As long as you're money stays in the account, it's when you can like take a withdraw that you get a fee. So if you're just gonna try to learn about stocks, I don't know anything about finance. So I've been doing shoot from the hip guessing. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh Well maybe I think you said you had a background in finance, did you do market finance or business?
People.
No there's like there's a whole there's a whole, I don't I kind of personally wonder if it's not actually gambling. Um
Yeah because you can make money on margins, you don't even have to buy the stock, you just have to buy the trade options. Okay. Um And like when I buy penny stocks and some of these companies um I'm not even actually buying stocks, I'm buying a fraction of the stock so I don't know how that works when I go to sell my fraction of the stock, you know they just want money at the end of the day so.
But
Uh huh. Yeah. I don't know maybe there's some overlap like when uh they did the first lockdown and like the price of a gallon of gas was like a dollar again,
you know this big push to like
what
is the
car from Gaza?
Oh,
But yeah, I would probably agree with that. So like if you have a cafe, your customers are going to come and eat, if they're going to come eat, they're, they're not gonna check their stocks first before they can meet. So probably on a small scale there's all that little stuff but maybe on a big scale like the businesses that hire hundreds of people also have the ability to lay off hundreds of people and they're not just making money from selling their products are making money from selling their stock I guess. I don't know. I'm, I am not a
thanks.
Yeah. I think it was Warren Buffett who said something about, you know in a market economy there you are not rewarded for what you know by and large. It's the money that you have or the way that you've invested but even then it's not equitable and so hey he had some, I don't remember the rest of them kind of paraphrasing it because obviously he made a billion dollars and
he's very successful and I don't think he falls in like a socialist bubble or anything like that. But I think he just points out rich people aren't always rich because they know anything more than farmer bob.
Okay. I don't, I don't know the story. I know. Years ago I worked for key wit, Peter Kiewit Sons and the tower that they built the high rise that they built in Omaha. Like Warren Buffett has like the top floor because Peter Kiewit and Warren Buffett we're buddies or something.
I don't know the whole story there. But it was really interesting like there's a there's a plaza named after a key wit and then like the buildings named after like Warren Buffett and
they made their mark, they made their mark. It's not Rockefeller Square, but You know maybe in 50 years Omaha will be the next New York or something.
What?
That it would be like venice and they can just put in canals and it'll be fine.
No.
So you spent time in south Korea,
What were you doing there?
Yeah.
huh. Uh huh.
No.
school kind of sucks like that.
I know I joked about getting a PhD just so people call me doctor. Yeah, but I stopped my master's because I needed a job.
Yeah. Uh Well, so I'm an industrial hygienist, so it's a master's of Science and if you pursue a doctorate, a lot of people will go like a doctor that look at like a PhD in toxicology, into a PhD in public health, you can do a PhD in environmental engineering, There's not one specific industrial hygiene because my field covers all of those things, that's a pretty broad practice. So there's people that specialize in ventilation and some in process system safety and chemistry and some in ergonomics and kinesiology and some and get out of that. So if you say your masters is industrial hygiene, it's still really broad net.
No.
What?
Thank you.
But
yeah. Uh huh, I didn't know Fiji had hydroelectric dams.
But mm
we're
going
to pull out
And
Another stuck
Uh huh Uh huh
What sounds like it,
but
But
thank
you.
No.
You know
your
trip?
Oh that's awful. Okay.
That's really too bad to work on an energy but on a different front, I mean, I know we have a time of hydroelectric energy, right? But the idea, so Idaho National Lab is a nuclear research facility and like they're getting ready to build these are pretty cool proof of concepts like these micro reactors and they've got a new fuel that isn't, they can't go critical. And they have these little reactors that they're going to do a demonstration on that can fit in like a, like a truck bed, you know, so you could roll them out to a village, the things fuel, It's good for five years, you know? Uh and then I follow so national, one of the other national labs is Enrile, so it's the national renewable energy lab and that's down golden colorado. So they specialize they're looking at solar and some alternative energy, but the lab's kind of overlap. So we have one of the facilities here that does battery testing and developing and a couple researchers that look at like the solar stuff. I mean, so I get kind of nerdy about energy, but I'm all excited because there's all these cool ways to give people energy, Even like hydro electric, there's these micro turbine things, you just have to have more than like 10°.. I think it is in drop, it's not a huge drop and you just divert a small stream of water. You don't want it down the river, you know, That's unfortunate that
there is
that
going
on.
the
first,
Yeah. Oh, I can see where you could dig into something like that pretty deep because there's a lot, a lot of impacts, so
Yeah, Yeah. The new on the nuclear side, like the facility here is used globally. So we have researchers from the world, even china that are out here. Um, and there's a test reactor for testing fuel design and all that stuff and I don't know, so I'm kind of a proponent for Nucular Energy uh even though, you know, there's been accidents A B and C. We also have to realize that those reactive designs are like 40 and 50 years old and a lot of cases. Um
Yeah, it is because it is so difficult to build them like that, like they build them as these giant plants because its economy of scale, which is where these micro reactors are a lot cooler, because if you can build everything in a controlled environment like modular and then you bring it out and you assemble it, uh you know, you make your approval time less, you're potentially you make your maintenance time less because you have components that are hot swappable, you know, you can turn off this module and turn that module on and service this module and everybody starts power. Um and a lot of the waste that you know we still got to figure out the waste stuff but. Mhm.
No
a lot of it gets broken up and buried somewhere.
lot of chocolate comes to Idaho to the fuel, a lot of the fuel comes to in the home. So without getting too nerdy like
the I don't know the nuclear history in the U. S. Is like pretty tightly in a woman with nuclear weapons. Okay but that's not I don't know they're not synonymous I
guess
and that's
why I'm excited about what we're given.
take it
they get they get broken down and sealed and then they are disposed of in burial cells.
But that's the other cool thing about like shrinking the size of a reactor as well. So the way that you generate is like you have your red context and they're wearing their person, they're wearing their red clothing and you can launder a lot of that. But you have things like nuts and bolts or tools or paper towels or all this stuff and it's disposed of as radioactive waste because you've been in a radioactive environment. But that is sometimes misleading because it's not a drum of liquid that's going to meet a fish or whatever. So
I'm
doing this really.
but
well
no.
well it was it was fun to chat. It looks like we probably hit our like our minute mark and everything. But
good luck survived the corona and all that. Good stuff.
Talk