my man.
I'm in Denver colorado. Where are you?
Have you done one of these before?
I did too.
How
Um Yeah I did one he he was like he does like stuff like this full time and part time student which was kind of interesting to talk to him.
Thanks. What are you studying?
Cool. What part of California?
Yeah. Do you know what you wanna do?
well.
That's awesome. How much more um school do you have left?
nice. Are you taking any cool glasses right now?
So is everything online?
so you were online before anyway?
Did you grow up in the bay area?
Nice. Are your parents and the um I. T. Type of industry?
cool.
Um Yeah I love it, I've lived here like eight years now I think. Um Yeah I really like it, it's just Denver is growing so fast. Um It's kind of crazy, they don't really know what to do about like the infrastructure but um and housing prices are insane, I mean not very insane but just insane for us. Um Yeah so it's just it's growing really fast, I liked it when we first moved, it felt like a much smaller city but um we really like it, I mean it's so easy to get to the mountains um And like we go high were bigger like outdoors people we go hiking and stuff a lot
um
camping and that kind of stuff. So yeah I really like it.
Yeah that will happen, it's pretty normal, we get um they say we get 300 days of sunshine so even like in the winter when it sometimes it can be snowing and still sunny. Um But I so I grew up in texas and then I went to school in Chicago and then I moved here after Chicago. And so like the winters here compared to Chicago are not bad at all. Like it when it snows it the it melts which is nice in Chicago it like there you were just walking over
dirty
snow
forever's.
it was
gross
Right. Yeah
yeah that's cool. Um Yeah right so yeah if we get crazy weather like I think that was I don't even know how long ago but it was like 90°1 day and then it snowed in. Yeah it was like super early for the season. We get weird stuff like that but it's okay.
Yeah.
Um So did you did you move home um with a pandemic?
Hey says your plan to go back hopefully?
no
wow. What a world did you
feel like the pandemic really affected you a lot?
that's good.
that's good. Yeah, people are pretty good about it here. We went to like a small little mountain town once though and people were not good about it. Well I couldn't go anywhere. When we got there, we went to a bar and the bartenders weren't wearing masks and we're like, we gotta go, what do you mean? Um what do you like to do for fun?
Oh, nice. That's awesome. Is it hard?
Hmm. That's
interesting.
you
been
to Japan?
That
is
on
my,
that's
on
my bucket
list.
super cool.
no, um I wish I had a baby in january and so I feel like I have like no time, my life is crazy. Um Yeah, someone asked me what my hobbies were and I was like, oh, I feel like I used to have hobbies. Um Yeah I mean we used to travel a lot which we obviously can't do now. Um Yeah I just mostly take care of my baby all the time, reading lots of like parenting books and like learning all that kind of stuff, so I'm pretty consumed with that lately.
Yeah it's a lot but that's fine.
Um Yeah it's for lots of different reasons um teething is obviously horrible, I can't, I mean it must be really painful, I can't imagine what it's like but so they're like constantly teething and it's worse, the pressure is worse when you're laying down and so if they like move while they're sleeping, sometimes the pressure and their teeth wakes them up and then if there um going through some kind of developmental milestone, like if they're learning to crawl or walk or something like that, they um are always practicing that skill, something about that changes their sleep. So there's just like different reasons that they have impacted sleep and mine is, it's also temperament like mine is not a great sleeper and we've been working on it and she's just still not a great sleeper and so yeah, sometimes
she wakes up every hour and sometimes she sleeps through the night, it's completely random and glossing
kind of, but they're so I read that you um your brain forms more connections in your first year of life than it does the rest of your life combined, it's just like everything is new, they're just constantly learning everything. And so like if they're turning their brain off to sleep doesn't work very well. Um and then they're like, like if when they're learning to crawl they're practicing that all the time. I don't know, it's crazy. But yeah, no sleep. It's like a I was prepared to not sleep, but it's a completely different level of exhaustion that I don't think you can prepare for. Mhm.
Girl,
she is she's moving around though, so I'm watching around the little monitor. I'm wondering if she's gonna wake up soon? We'll see. She last week she slept for like five days in a row through the night really well. And then she has been waking up a bunch the last couple of days, so I don't I don't know what maybe she's growing or growing hurts. I don't know if you watched babies on netflix, She said it's really interesting. Um But on there I learned that you think you would grow kind of like a little bit all the time, right? But they were measuring babies every day and it turns out it was like no growth, no growth, no growth grew a bunch. And so you grow all at once and it must be painful. So that's another thing just growing. Yeah. I'm full of use useless baby fax.
Yet
they're surprisingly resilient. I mean, yeah,
I mean, I think I always tell myself like think about all the crackheads who have babies that grow up and so as long as as long as you're doing your best, it's the best you can do it. It's a lot.
That's awesome.
Yeah. That's cool. That's a cool job.
Nice. That's awesome. Yeah. We need to get her in a swim swim class.
She actually loves the water. We took her just like to the community pools this summer and she just loves being in the water so
she might, yeah. Should I just like it?
Okay. That's good
to know. But
yeah, yeah, we've been trying in the bathtub to like pour water over her head every once a while to get her any more used to it. She doesn't love that part but she'll get it
we don't do it with soap, that's mean. Yeah.
Um So what made you decide to go to Canada for school?
Mhm.
How
is it?
Makes
sense. It's funny that you even applied there? Uh huh.
Um Yeah my husband grew up in Seattle, he didn't go to your job though. He went to the one in Bellingham. Um Yeah, I didn't realize it was, that was an expensive school. That's awesome though. I went to Toronto when I lived in Chicago and it's very similar to Chicago, I think the city kind of like style.
yep. Yeah, I heard that it's cheaper to film movies in Toronto, so a lot of movies set in Chicago are filmed in Toronto,
I don't
but
answer
us
and
I suppose some, what age do you think you might want to teach like college
or?
Mhm. I did do
nice. So in the field you have to have work experience to teach to or is it, can you just like if you get your doctorate, can you just teach from that?
okay. Do you do internships as part of your program?
Yeah. How has it been living back at home? Yeah. But,
that's nice.
So.
That's interesting.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what they say about having kids, the days are long, but the years are short and so like I guess yeah it's doing the same thing over and over again. It
goes
by,
that seems
like
lot.
It goes by fast but when you're in it it sometimes doesn't feel like it's going by
fast.
Yeah so like looking back. Yeah time time as a whole passes fast. But I think each thing still sometimes feels like it's never going to end because maybe it's because you've already done it 1000 times.
Oh Hello. Are we supposed to talk for 25 minutes?
Uh huh. Watch me anything recently. I've been catching up on bob's burgers. Um I started watching tv to make myself not that I need help falling asleep because I need as much sleep as possible. But I started watching tv to fall asleep and now I can't stop. So I try and watch things that I've already seen. I've watched The office 1000 times
and parks
and you're acting
like I watch things that I've already watched a million times to go to sleep and I don't have a lot of other time to watch Tv. But are you watching anything good?
yeah I watched the movie.
I never
did
that one.
Nice.
What?
Okay. I have to watch this.
Yeah. I like drinking about a lot. I heard that the people who own that house still have pizzas thrown on their roofs all the time and they are like not happy about it.
Uh huh. I was in a bar with Aaron paul once randomly. Yeah
I was in Telluride here on like a little vacation in colorado and he was there for a film festival or something like that and he just like walked into the bar that we were at. He was like saying hi here, like shaking hands and stuff, saying hi to people. So it's pretty cool. That's my celebrity story.
yeah. There you go. As in an elevator with David Spade in Vegas once. And he had two girls with him. That was weird and they were much taller than him. Yeah.
Yeah. You too.
Have
rest
tonight. Thank you.