Yeah. Yeah. Oh what's your name? That's right. Uh huh.
Yeah. Um Well here we are just um it seems to be rather late for you as well. Might I ask which part of the country you're from
so far? I'm in California. Yeah,
I did one with
didn't want with an older fellow in north Carolina who was a teacher that
was pretty fun. Right. Um how about you?
Mhm. I'm also a student myself actually, I I'm not sure I can say to this part time or full time, but you know I do surveys and stuff for a little bit of spending money, so
I study, you can give science. Yeah.
Mhm. Uh the area so yes it makes sense when something to introduce science, so
mm I like teaching, so maybe some sort of teacher position there professorship if not then I don't mind, you know, I like
dealing with just computers and robots in particular, so. Mhm.
I'm in my second year halfway through, so about 2.5 more years you know
mm not right now, it's still kind of basic um happens. Uh
mm Yeah all my classes are online. I'm actually attending the university in Canada so Yeah
yeah no I didn't go there physically but currently I'm online for these classes, you know what? Mhm
I did uh all 18 I guess 19 years. Yeah.
my dad is yeah my mom it's more like uh finance stuff so Yeah.
Yeah. Uh center I actually have a relative or cousin who just moved there like really recently so Yeah. Uh huh.
yeah.
What,
okay. I'm glad it's nice there. Um Is the weather normally? Okay because I remember I heard a few days or a few weeks ago about there was like it was like really caught one day and it was like freezing cold the next day. So
stays
there and you
are going
to even even
when you're
assaulted this just doesn't go with Yeah.
Yeah. I actually have not seen snow for like falling snow for about you know I was until I moved to Canada. So that was experience for me when I first saw that.
huh.
Yeah.
Yeah and then started in March fish I think officially um I stuck around to finish off the year. I only had a month left and I came back and I'm not going back since
it was but the case is over in the city I was in which is Toronto right? And so uh they had a really big spike one day and it just hasn't gone down since and now it's kind
of leveling off. But yeah, I think my next minister will be online again, which probably means my summer will also be online and I will be, it will effectively stay here for about a year.
Remember?
Mhm, mm hmm. Maybe not unlike a day to day level. Like, you know, I'm constantly in fear of catching the virus because you know, my parents and I are pretty good about it and wear a mask and going out for strict reasons.
we don't live with anyone who's, especially in danger. I live with other relatives who was about like 55. So she's kind of in the older zone, but I'm not really big covid area, so yeah.
Um I played piano. Uh, not so much these days because I've been focusing on school again, but I do it. Yeah. I've also been taking the time to learn japanese as well, just for fun.
Mm So with Japanese, like they have a very different alphabet system. So we have our 23 letters and they have their 46, which account for maybe 50% of words on top of that. You have the uh yeah, you have the chinese characters which is mostly used for reading. Right? So because they're imported from china, they have like the chinese reading and the japanese reading and sometimes they use in between. So like for example when they imported the chinese word for bowl, then they would use chinese with football. And then uh as time involved, more readings came out of it. But not all dialects like kind of kept it. So it's a mess to read. But like to just understand the alphabet. I think it's pretty good. Pretty
easy
answer for him. Yeah. The writing is a mess. How
about
you?
No, I have not winced Japan. I
mostly picked
it
up because
I have
a lot of
friends
who
are into it. Yeah. It looks like a fun country to visit. Yeah.
It's like, you know the texas tech metropolis and the beautiful countryside scenery very close to each other. Mhm. How would you, have you picked up any languages at some point or?
yeah. Good on you for taking the challenge
something. I've always wondered actually that I never really bothered to ask but I guess I'll ask now are you like always do they like crying like completely random minerals? Like will you just wake up at four am one day and then you just never have sleep ever, wow.
there
I didn't even consider the developmental aspect of it. I just kind of thought, you know they put the ap they're hungry, it's kind of it. Yeah.
Is it a boy or girl?
Mm and I think she's asleep now.
Yeah I mean it's interesting and I guess it's it's good to know. Yeah they they look increasing more fragile now that I look at and think about it
because.
Yeah.
Yeah I haven't really felt much for like little kids. Like like the tiny tiny ones like one year old two year olds. I've mostly dealt with like toddlers because I actually used to work as a swim teacher for like little
kids.
Mm Yes it's fun and it's part time so I am very flexible hours
um If you want to like prepare because I know that like Parents started thinking about it like 2-3 years old but like a good time to really start as three. So if you just want to like have some fun and get a little more like prepare because you don't want her to like just cry every time she gets in the class from.
that's
if they if they can like put their face in the water like they're okay with that and they're also okay with like jumping in that. I think it's a harder one, but if they're okay with jumping in like into your arms and they're in good shape for like throwing out a swim, like they're all progressed fairly quickly from that point.
It's
hurdle overcome down especially with jumping.
Remember I hated that too as a kid, my mom would like, you know always dump water and then do the shampoo. Like I don't get it, why can't I just rub my eyes out every time I open it hurts because their shampoo. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um So I apply to a couple of colleges slash universities. I have to a college or university because in Canada complained like Canada's college is different from university here. Yeah so
I applied to a bunch of universities and I had like three compelling options. Um One of which was you know you're sick Toronto which I go to now. The other one was uh University of Washington. Another one was U. C. Irvine. So Washington was really expensive. I was not
inclined
to go. Yeah because because I'm out of state so I gotta pay more or less international tuition. Um And U. C. Irvine was it was a lot cheaper but my parents gonna talk me out of it like you know you should go to a higher quality school and that's what I tell everyone. But the truth is my dad just really hates are fine. Like okay it's a story. So basically uh when he isn't he's a first generation immigrant. So when he came over um he applied to U. C. Irvine for research school be and then they gave him a letter back saying we reject you because your school in China wasn't good enough for something. And he was furious. He was mad. So he went to a different college. He graduated the master degree and made a name for himself. He does really well which is how I can live here in the Bay area. And ever since then he's like I hate you see airline. You know they called my college crappy. I'm going to call them crappy. And so he does not want me to go there.
So
I just applied to everything because with the UC system like it's one application so, wow.
The thing I know so that the most is like you know my closest metropolis of san Francisco and the that place is just really dirty and lots of homeless people go to candidates like whoa you know even with all the snow on the street that's relatively clean, I don't know how they do it. Mhm.
Yeah it's true for L. A. As well because like who wants to film in L. A. Right. Yeah. I think um I had a couple show was filmed on my campus, there was like a like a Disney high school drama or something that was filmed there about zombies. Uh And the boys as well, if you keep with that at all. Yeah
the boys,
season two was filmed there
and that
that's
guarding a lot of attention online. So I told him like, okay, film my school. I'm a cool kidnap. Yeah.
Come on.
I'm hoping college for two reasons. One is, you know, it pays really well uh for sure. and the job flexibility I guess 3rd reason would be job security. It's like, let's say I don't get my land like a 10 year as a professor. Then I have a master PhD in computer science. I think that's good to go off within the workforce. So um the other thing is just I'm like contributing to academic research. Like I think is really gross to like go out just for the sake of making money. So like for these surveys for example, I don't know if you did this, but I got the survey through prolific.
Yeah. So I like contributes to academic research. I think that's really cool. So that's why I picked this platform over some other higher paying ones, potentially higher paying ones. Like, uh, what's the word? I can't remember him right now. But yeah, that's the reason behind that.
Uh I think you should have like some you should have held some ta positions at some point. That's probably the best thing you can do. Mm hmm. I don't know if they really need work experience. But yeah,
Yeah, It is an option. Um, I don't know when or if I want to do it yet though. I'm still deciding on that relative literally in this closure process. What? Uh huh.
I don't go out much. That's, that happens. And no, it's having, you know, cooked food though, you know, I think,
yeah, dining hall food is never great to begin with. Yeah. Everything every day just feels really fast now. Just kind
of blurs in.
because I'm in the same place every day. I do the same things every day I wake up, I eat, I work, I work a little bit, I eat again. I work and I watched videos before I go to bed and then I sleep repeat every day.
Million.
I
hear like just in general, as you grow older, you experience like time way shorter. Like I think it was you experience the 1st 20% of your life as quickly as you do the next 80%. That's what I heard. Just
because
like you're
always busy all the time. So like every day just feels really passed. Yeah.
of
course.
Mm that's true. Right? Mhm
25 minutes. Yeah, so we started eight sharp, we got three minutes. Um You mentioned you watch, you know, some network shows, anything like in particular?
No.
Yeah, the classic
trap.
Um So I finished Breaking Bad a long time ago and I found out recently that they actually had a movie like following.
Yeah, I didn't realize that until like last week. So I went ahead and watch that and was like, oh yeah, I might as well catch up on Better Call Saul now. So I finished
season
one
a while ago. It's good. Like I love The Lord Behind All but and like just all the psychological element because my favorite characters gusts right gus fring. So seeing more of him is really fun and there's Saul himself is just pretty funny all in all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I've been catching up on recently. Um
I think I was benching
through john wick movies before that
if it's not obvious, I like guns, thrillers and whatnot.
well. That's interesting. I'd like to look into that
That's
I have yet to have mine. I don't think I've ever met like a super famous person before, like just off him, so one day maybe I'll see them filming on campus hopefully.
Mhm. All right. I think that is our 25 minutes. Nice to meet you.
Good
luck with the
baby.