SPEAKER_R: Hello. Right.
SPEAKER_L: bye.
SPEAKER_R: Hi how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good
SPEAKER_L: Good,
SPEAKER_R: I'm good
SPEAKER_L: this is
SPEAKER_R: house there
SPEAKER_L: go ahead,
SPEAKER_R: it's like how's everything going today for you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing fine. I just finished homeschooling with virtual schooling with my kids. So there
SPEAKER_R: All right
SPEAKER_L: and have a moment of peace. But uh yes
SPEAKER_R: All right so how old are your kids or what grades are they
SPEAKER_L: kindergarten
SPEAKER_R: in?
SPEAKER_L: in second, so this is like a nice chance to interact with another adult for a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah I get a break from uh the home schooling. Are they like full time at home? Are they like a hybrid?
SPEAKER_L: Uh they're full time at home but their school just said that they could start coming back in november full time there, so this is gonna be a shift. Yeah, I don't know, I wasn't prepared for that. I'd kind of given up on any chance that they might be back this year. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How do you feel about that? Come back?
SPEAKER_L: it's weird because I feel like our little bubble is ending. We've been you know sort of enjoying this little extra time. Like I was sort of happy that I had my kindergartener here a little bit longer at home, but he needs it. He really needs to go and have that kindergarten experience. I mean your mom is not your kindergarten teacher, like that's not. So how are you doing
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: pretty. Well we have um I have we have four kids but three uh So there they've all been in school though since september well on like a hybrid schedule. So the youngest the youngest is only two. So he's at home with me. So um and then the pre K. And third grade and sixth grade. And they're on like a hybrid schedule. So the middle schooler goes in only two days a week and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: control.
SPEAKER_R: virtual three days a week. Um And then the like the elementary kids the pre K. And the third grader they go in um four days a week and then their home one day a week. So
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: everyone's
SPEAKER_L: interest.
SPEAKER_R: home on friday.
SPEAKER_L: That's nice. At least you have um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: And then you're, your middle schooler gets a little bit of like peace and quiet at home while that you were out. It's
SPEAKER_R: I actually it actually worked out really, I actually really like it right now, I mean if I was so I work from home but it's like really flexible but
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: which is great but it's actually been easier having the sixth grader home because otherwise during that time it would just be me and a two year old and obviously there goes doing anything
SPEAKER_L: You're not getting anything done? Right.
SPEAKER_R: but like having him home even though I have to help him with you know be kind of aware of his school stuff and help them with some things. Um It's he can like he can load the dishwasher, he can take him up for a nap, I can like schedule like meetings or you know do stuff I need to do. So it actually I'm like
SPEAKER_L: Bring.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of, I feel bad like talking to people who if they're both like working outside the home and then they're having to juggle like this crazy schedule. That's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: nuts.
SPEAKER_R: I'm thinking like I kind of liked it a lot right
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: now, but if I was trying to work outside the home then it would be like a totally different story. So.
SPEAKER_L: Agreed. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't know how people who actually like have a regular job connection with any of this.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: We hope
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: I have like a part time side gig thing that I can do. Like you're saying pretty flexible but like I'm basically in kindergarten the whole day because otherwise if I walk away he's just like scribbling and not doing anything. So I didn't like are you doing this or doing this? But I don't
SPEAKER_R: That's a tough the kindergarten and like remote combination. I saw a picture of my sister said she has, I have a few of my siblings have kids in kindergarten, like two of them maybe like two kids in kindergarten, but she sent a picture of like I think they do go to like a, so she's in that situation where she's like finishing up like an internship for school and her husband works and they've got like, she sent me the schedule and I was like, oh my God, it was like a nanny, but then like a pot on Sundays and a nanny on Sundays and it just looks so complicated. But
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: 11
SPEAKER_R: sent me this picture and it was like the kids with their pod, but they're all like doing their school day and um she's like, this is not how kindergarten supposed to look.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: And it's like all
SPEAKER_L: more.
SPEAKER_R: these kids at their tablet with their headphones,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know. I know
SPEAKER_R: it's just temporary, hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: right, right. It's like um it's like on one hand I was really happy to be home and like help my daughter. My daughter has some struggles like she's really smart but then has struggles with like reading and writing. So I'm helping her work on these things while she's home. But now if she goes that kind of goes away. But on the other hand like I said my son like he's gotta go like you can't do kindergarten sitting at your dining room table. And he like he looks at all the little pictures and all the other little kids, he's like that's in their room and she's doing this and they like they do these cheers today, like he feels like he knows them so it's crazy. But uh we I had given up yesterday on there being any sort of hybrid or anything. They're, the school's option right now is like, you can go into the school and do a learning lab where you are on the computer in the school or you can be at home on the computer. Well you might as well be home, but now you actual in person, it was like, I've really given up on this being an option and now I sort of feel like my head is spinning like I have to do back to school shopping in october I sort of walked away from this. But it's, I don't know, I'm, I'm, my husband is like, why aren't you happy you're supposed to be like jumping up and down Like, like I'm like, I, I feel mm odd because I don't know if it's going to be better there. They still have to distance and wear the mask and this affect their books and everything or whatever. It's still not quite the same. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I felt the whole like, like the I actually felt that was when my hesitations with sending our kids. So when we started in september, they said um like you can either, you know, keep your kids home, but if you keep them home then you might not be able to like easily bring them back into school. Like you can, but like it's not going to be guaranteed. It can be guaranteed right away. Like you can only do it really at the end of like the marking period. So it's not like you can kind of like, you know, which makes sense like shift back and forth, you know, because the numbers and everything and just the logistics of it. So you could either keep them home or you could do the in person option, which is like a hybrid, like either two days in person or four days in person depending like what grade you're in. And I, one of that was actually like my boy bigger has my biggest bigger hesitation more than like safety was um just like what the experience was going to be like, you know, for my daughter who is in pre K, like it's your first time with school and it's like you can wear a mask all day
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and you're not able to be near your friends and like all these things that actually, I think it's definitely not sub it sub optimal for sure. It's not the best. But um I was more worried about that than really than them. Like they've been like, they bring in, they bring in more than one mask so that they can change throughout the day. So um which my daughter does, my son just like what, He's just a boy, like whatever. I don't care. Um Just
SPEAKER_L: thumps
SPEAKER_R: to like just for themselves to like feel better, likes wearing a mask all day. It's kind of gross. But
SPEAKER_L: If you look a fresh one then you're like oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I thought like that's going to be so weird. But my daughter even like the pre k she's just like, yeah, we can't be like right near each other for now because of coronavirus, but you know, we won't always sit like that, they said. And so she like they get it and they're like so excited to see their friends that um it's really been not as I thought like the masks would be kind of an issue. Just the idea of like you can't be near kids, you have to like stand so far away from them. But like, like kids, you know, they kind of like make the best of it. And my daughter like she loves recess because they play tag with pool noodles because they're like so long
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: so you can like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: black.
SPEAKER_L: no fun.
SPEAKER_R: So she's like, oh we just make up these different games because you're not allowed to like, you know, push them on a sweet, push them on on a swing or whatever. So um the things that I was worried about, they actually didn't mind, they're like, we just want to see our friends like, so it actually in that sense that it's been, I'm really glad that I did choose to send them because um what I was worried about, it's like not an issue for them at all, so I just dropped my pen, but what part of the country are you in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Ohio, I was just gonna ask you the same thing,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're in a new york state, but we're like up on the Canadian border, so
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: where I say new york people like, oh the city, I'm like no, we're like seven hours from the city,
SPEAKER_L: practically Canadian. Right.
SPEAKER_R: we're basically Canadian. We were half an hour from the border, we go across for like, that's our nearest city really. We're in a little college town up here and our nearest city is right across the border in Southern Ontario. So that's where we would go for like different museums and like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: shopping
SPEAKER_L: one of
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: like our pool is there and all that stuff but you obviously can't go over there. You know it's been the border has been closed since March. So.
SPEAKER_L: jeez, I hadn't
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: thought of that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so no it's been really interesting like there's people who, because it's so close, there's actually like some of the there's like two teachers at my son's school who are american citizens but they may have dual citizenship and they actually commute from Canada. So they'll come across the border for work and um they've had to stay here with like other people because they couldn't be crossing and then they
SPEAKER_L: Mom
SPEAKER_R: then they could be crossing because it counted as essential crossing. And then the people have like family across the border who live like 30 minutes away and they haven't been able to see them or you know even be in the same country as them. So
SPEAKER_L: connect
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: interesting
SPEAKER_L: scared.
SPEAKER_R: like living on the border. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I had never thought about that anybody might be in a position of like the working here living there, that kind of thing. Like I mean I definitely understand why Canada opted to shut their borders. I mean we were very seriously and they had, it seems like mostly under control but um yeah, you would think that it would be like a they would be up essential from the get go. But I can also sort of understand that like a teacher going into a school, nobody understood yet what that meant or didn't mean like how risk was, I mean it's the amount that we've sort of figured out unofficially over the last eight months, it seems very interesting to me, like they won't officially say like you're not gonna get it from the mail, you're not gonna get from your groceries or from, you know, like somebody walking in your house, but we're sort of like becoming more comfortable with this like middle ground of whatever. Oh, that's kind of a bummer for you that you were cut off from your other half of civilization,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: know right now it's like
SPEAKER_L: tool?
SPEAKER_R: well I
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: know our our indoor pool and are like when we go to that we're not far from Ottawa so we'll go we've gone up there a few times. We just moved here like a year ago but we'll
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: go up there for like um they have a lot of really, you know with it being like the capital. It's got a ton of like museums and all that kind of stuff. So it's nice being not far from there. So we got to experience it for
SPEAKER_L: christmas
SPEAKER_R: we moved here
SPEAKER_L: market?
SPEAKER_R: a year ago so we experienced it like we went a few times last fall into like sort of the early part of the winter. And then from now then it's just like oh well no more Canada not now mm.
SPEAKER_L: You'll appreciate it when you get it back. So where did you go from?
SPEAKER_R: um We lived in we actually lived in Connecticut for about seven years before this. So my husband works at a university so that kind of, we've lived in different college towns sort of all over. But we he took he took a job here which has been we've actually been trying to get up to this area. It's just like a more stable secure job as far as university jobs
SPEAKER_L: Good,
SPEAKER_R: go in his field. So um we have we've lived like I don't know maybe 777 different states we've lived in. So we are looking to uh not have to move again anytime soon hopefully. So.
SPEAKER_L: Right. The stay at home in one for a long time kind of thing. That's good. Right.
SPEAKER_R: because he's from he's actually from like Rochester new york and we've been coming up to like this area between like the U. S. And Canada. There's this area called the 1000 Islands which is it's a really neat area, it's like tons of islands and it's um kind of connects like the Great Lakes out to like past Montreal. And
SPEAKER_L: And what?
SPEAKER_R: so we've been coming up to this area for a long time and his parents have like a summer place here. So we've been we would come here and visit and the now we're like closer to that and closer to his parents but now we can't really
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: visit them. And so the timing was kind of interesting with that like we won't instead of going to see them like twice a year will be you know will be 3 3.5 hours away which is like close compared to what we were before. So not right now I guess.
SPEAKER_L: No, I know it's Ricky. Like what's what's okay and what's not okay. And like my mother in law is about 3.5 hours away too. So we like we're making this arrangement about like, well quarantine, you'll quarantine and then she can come stay with us for a week. And then my husband were working from home until last month and then they called him back so he can sit in an office by himself there. Right? Um
SPEAKER_R: Does
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: he have, does he have to go back in or is it kind of like they want him in?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they mandated part time. He has to be there. So he put on his mask, he gets like walks through the hallway, goes in his office, closes the door and stays there until he leaves. And it's like you can save all that commute and the gas and the parking and everything. Like why not let people stay home if it's a benefit to all of this like one upside or like how people there flexibility with the home schooling and stuff. But yeah, I understand that value of like parents and in laws in this weird time where you're sort of stuck at home and now it would be a nice time too, make the most of that relationship, but it's trickier.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So that's that's cool that you guys, you kind of figured out a way like we kind of did that with my parents a little bit like we went down to see them and we just started, you know, they're farther but we did it in like a different way, like we didn't stay there, we did just like one hotel which was fine because it was like there's no one in the hotel really. Um It was really empty and we just visited my parents outside and all that so um
SPEAKER_L: That's nice.
SPEAKER_R: but my it's harder with my in laws like you were saying with your in laws you kind of are like on the same page about everything, which seems like that really makes it easy, like
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: with our
SPEAKER_L: hopes.
SPEAKER_R: my in laws, it's more like they're like ah yeah, like they were like the weird like we wear mask all the time, we don't want to go places as much and they're sort of like, they like go out to dinner and like they're in their eighties and we're like, we're going masks for like your demographic to protect people do and they're like whatever.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't think they would, I don't think they would like they would not be on the same page like as far as why don't we just, I mean not that we could really quarantine now that their kids are in school as much, but um it would, it's just like if you're on the same page as someone, it makes everything so much easier to do.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. You need to have that like same philosophy of like this is how we're protecting you and us and like trying to handle things and we were extremely cautious and I mean still are, but like didn't go out, I haven't gone out to eat dinner in months and like that whole thing so it sounds like you were pretty similar but then you have those other people are like come meet me for drinks and I'm like, I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't really want to.
SPEAKER_L: but maybe that was a more social person I would be more inclined to like I would push or like I would need it more Like I'm really okay just like meeting one friend and sitting outside six ft and just like hanging out once in a while, it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of nice to be like, I'm kind of I'm like that too, like people are like, oh my God, I'm not doing this, I'm not doing that, I'm like, wow, we kind of were like, we were like in pandemic training forever, like we make food, like we don't take four kids out to eat, like we don't like we don't go out, we don't know, like we're not like having babysitters here, especially since we like sort of our new here, like we're like, this isn't really that different
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: for us. I
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: don't know, like I kind of don't mind. Everyone's like, I miss this, this is I'm like yeah, and they're like, oh well a lot of things like there's something like this, but a lot of things, I'm just like, well we didn't really do that before. It's like,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Or there's definitely things I was happy to get an excuse to get out of like, you know if I you know people are like doing such and such cookout or get together and you know, some of it I would be happy to go to but some of us like that's sort of like awkward friend of a friend kind of thing, You're just like, oh I'm sorry, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how are you guys doing like um like friends and like or like seeing like kids and like if that's been like a tricky area for us to kind of figure out what we're
SPEAKER_L: it is tricky
SPEAKER_R: football.
SPEAKER_L: because everybody has their own, like you're saying different protocols and different philosophies based on families. And um our kids have one kid that lives next door is the same age as my daughter and so it's like 28 year olds and then one, you know, both boys so that he has something in common with both of my kids. So then they play with masks and we just try to stay like don't Be like this, like can you stay two ft? Like it's sort of where we're at um and they haven't really seen or played with anybody else too much. If that boy has somebody over then, you know, masks and they can play with that person. My father went to Girl Scouts last night for the first time since this whole shutdown and it was outside in a pavilion and it was so interesting to see her just like kids, kids, I get to see kids like I'm going to say like, you don't even know their names, it doesn't matter. But she was so happy reinforced to me that going back to school is gonna be helpful, but
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you know, they're cousins, they do have some cousins are age, but we haven't done anything with them mostly because it seems like their parents are not on the same page about the masking. They go out to eat a lot. Uh, they both work out of the home. They just felt like a higher risk, like a lot more time invested and we had to, you know, we'd have to like manage all those expectations on everybody. And it is hard. I think sometimes too, like if you see another kid, you're like, could you please put your mask on, but you're not my kids. So I don't want to have to really like your smile rules on somebody else's kids. So it worked out with the neighbor that we were just like masks or don't play and everybody was on board. Um You know, like a lot of families are like, we're having sleepovers like with one other family or whatever. And I haven't gotten to that point yet where I'm, I'm like, yes, bring your whole family into my house and let's just pretend like it's all normal. Maybe I need to get there soon. How are you doing it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um yeah, we're kind of similar. We don't really have like, I know like my sister in law was saying they kind of have similar where they have like one, you know, a neighbor next door or something. Um The tricky part process, we live like three miles outside of town. And so and it's like huge like um you know, our next door neighbor has like 100 acres and like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: have a neighbor like on the other side, but it's not really like it's not like a neighborhood. And so um I guess that's made it easier in some ways because it's there's less like seeing kids in the neighborhood kind of thing, but it's also harder because like it's we haven't been like oh yeah just come on over, so we've been um like in the summer we would just kind of meet kids like meet some of their friends at the playground and just kind of like meet people outside like the playground and
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: know, that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yes that was a way to just at least see like someone else besides their family.
SPEAKER_L: You think?
SPEAKER_R: And then um we just recently had like a family with has four kids and we had um like three of them over to just like play outside and but England that was similar like my kids were asking forever and I kind of kept putting it off because I just was like it's not that I don't want to, but it's kind of similar. Like the family is just they're definitely like not I don't know if they're going out a lot, but they just aren't they wouldn't like they're not wearing masks, they're not like so it's kind of like all right, so I have over like so I have to have them wear masks and it's like so we ended up just being like let's just have them over for like a short period of time and you guys just stay outside basically. So that's kind of how we did it. But my daughter's friend asked her a couple weeks ago I guess like could you sleep over right before school starts? And we were like, I made up some reason that we couldn't, but I was just like, I don't know, like I know her dad works and like travels, like there's something for new york state, so he's like kind of traveling around and like I just don't I was like, I forget what we uh made up some reason that I was like no, no, I can't. Not
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: yet.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's okay to not be sure about the situation. It's not like it's not like the stakes aren't high, you have to be an entire family. You know, you're you're trying to make the decision and
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: it's impossible
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: to know what people are doing. Some people say like, well we're staying home, but in the same sentence will say like I went to the grocery store and this and this and this and this and we went and visited with that and I had lunch with that person. Like you're not not doing anything. That was a lot of things. So it is tricky. Thank you. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. We're kind of like that with our cousins are there, like they're like when you guys stop being so scared we'll see you, and we're like, oh my god, we're not being scared, we're not we're just like just not the time to do that. But then like with them saying that is like well we're not going to see them for a while, like because obviously if you're saying that like, you know, they're not in their day to day life, they're not like concerned,
SPEAKER_L: Seriously?
SPEAKER_R: just they're just not bothered with it, there's going to, you know, whatever. So we're like well we'll see your cousins, like the kids keep asking and we're like mm we just can we just talk about like phrase it like we're just being safe, like other members of our community and our school all that. But one thing that actually just happened yesterday that was making me um I had thought about it a little bit but now that it happened, I'm like oh jeez. Um So you know, kids are going to get colds and during the year and it's inevitable and but now it's like, so instead of just being like okay you don't have a fever, like you're not coughing uncontrollably, like you're fine go to school now, It's like oh my gosh, what do you do with all of those? Like you
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: can't, you're not supposed to send them to school if they have any of the symptoms and it's like runny nose, cough congestion are on it. Um So like just yet, our kids had basically a cold that my pre k um pre K child brought home I think from school last week. And it kind of like worked its way through like everyone, but as of yesterday, like the holiday was monday, so yesterday was school and they, no one had had a fever, I was basically pretty sure like it's just a cold. Um They just but they had runny noses and coughs so I'm like, I can't send them to school then. So I basically like, I'm just going to, I knew like the protocol was like, if they have these any of these symptoms, they can't be in school and they have to be seen by a health care practitioner and have a negative covid test before they can come back. So I kind of knew that was going to be the protocol. I'm like, you either just like send them keep them home from school and lie. Like basically make up a reason why they're not at school or I was like, you know what, I just, I feel like that's, that makes sense. Like I'm probably 95 plus percent sure that they just have a common cold, but at the same time, like this protocols in place to protect everyone. So, but yeah, so I called and basically they're like, okay and the nurses like, what are the symptoms? So I explained like runny nose and congestion, no fever, no dry cough, but like they do have a little bit of a cough and so it's like, okay, well, you know, they can't, they do need to be seen by someone and they can't be back in school until they have a negative covid test. So um unfortunately we were able to call yesterday morning at 10 a.m. And get get them all tested at one p.m. Like the rapid test. And so they were all back to school today but like it's just a tricky thing I'm thinking like that's gonna happen a lot. Like I basically
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: don't get don't get a cold guys because we have to like do all this stuff. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: World
SPEAKER_R: so that was something I like thought about in august but it was like still summer and you know it used to be like oh yeah we just won't get a lot of colds and like this was our first like cold and went through everyone and I'm like I guess it's just like if you get a cold we just have to get tested or
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: so. Yeah that's something I guess think about with going back to school like the protocols and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You're giving me your giving me like, okay. Like I got a plan for them. Well, I mean, first of all like kudos to you for following the protocol because you would hope that other parents would do the same thing and not just assume holding Be irresponsible. So I think sometimes we have to step up even though we know 95%. Especially with you having four kids that you're not uh you're not rookie. So you understood like that that's how this goes. The stakes are high and you want to make sure that it's everybody's being careful my daughter and every time she gets a cold, it's like a three month cold. So now I'm thinking like if she tests negative and the cold never goes away, what if it is covid later? And we didn't know. I don't um I don't know. We'll just have to see my kids only have, they will go back in the beginning of November. And then there's like break break break, so there's only six weeks left in 2021, 2020 that they could go. So I'm like, just keeping fingers crossed it, like they go, don't get cold, don't do anything. And hopefully the school has a good plan for if somebody has a cold that is just seamless, go back to virtual learning. Um Without like, did your kids have to because they're hybrid anyway. Did they, were they out of school completely or could they do remote learning while they were at home with the cold?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, so I was I was curious about that like I guess this will be like a test run at the very least to kind of see like how this would go. Um But the like the third grader, they're like you know, if it's if it's just one day like don't worry about it, but if you think she's gonna be um out for any period of time then let me know and I'll get her work. So I didn't know if that
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: meant they probably would like because they're using their Chromebooks um they bring them home for the remote day and then they bring them back to school and leave them at school during like their school days. So and then there is like a whole contingency of the class that's that's doing full time remote. So I imagine they would probably like switch them to like what doing what the full time remote kids are doing. Um If it was gonna be more than like a day or two, but since it was just a day, like my son, he happened the sixth grader, he happened to have like already an assignment that he was going to be finishing at school, that he could do from home.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: then so they're like, it's just a day, we're not gonna assign any new new work. But um I'd be tricky to be a teacher though, but
SPEAKER_L: My novel
SPEAKER_R: I'm leaving all these like lessons, I look at my son does and I'm like, oh my gosh, just like they've got two groups of students, I guess. They probably just come up with like a system like, because they've got these two cohorts, like, one group comes in two days monday Tuesday,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and next
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: group of students comes in Wednesday thursday. But then they have this third group of students that's full time remote, but they might have like designated one teacher to do like the full time remote stuff to keep it easier for the like in person teachers.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. I think that's where my kids school is heading is that there's gonna be teachers in person and teachers that didn't feel comfortable being in person are going to continue to be remote. Um But the downside to that is that my like if you are virtual now and you're going in person, you'll be likely changing teacher and possibly changing teachers. So my son is gonna be getting a new kindergarten teacher, which is such a bummer because he like, like this lady that does the puppet shows and stuff on the video and I'm going to have to tell them like listen, the upside is you get to see kids and like go have lunch in the cafeteria and all this fun stuff. But new teacher. So hopefully that's not too much heartbreak in the middle of all this. But yeah, you did to your point about like this crazy teachers having to juggle these insane schedules and the bands of so many different people on top of regular teacher stuff on top of virus. It's just informed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think the teachers have like such a are such a hard job when I see what my kids do, like for the remote stuff. I'm like, I don't know, they got between like the lesson planning and they got to just be really organized and flexible and all that stuff. So I don't I don't envy that having that job right now.
SPEAKER_L: No, not even in the slightest. And all the technical stuff that they're handling with remote learning. And I just hear my second graders teacher just saying like, please put yourself on mute to like kids random kids all day long. I'm like, I am ready to yell at these kids. Like when we're, it's like, but I'm just like, I don't know. It's just a special breed of people that can really have that level of patients and persevere through like crappy parents and fussy kids and all that stuff. It's just too much. But I'm definitely planning a really something nice for like a teacher appreciation day. I don't know, they deserve it for sure. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Oh, man, do you have any more work, do you have any more work for today or any of your
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: stuff?
SPEAKER_L: gonna go check out and check and see if I would emails. Is this your first time
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: this chad thing?
SPEAKER_R: I know. I've actually done a couple. I did um I started doing like the prolific like the studies back in um actually March because I had to slow down for like my regular work and I was like, all right, so let's let's go off this virus thing. Like the economy is gonna like be like in the toilet and um I was like, maybe I should like start thinking outside of like just my like one, like it's like 10 to 25 hours a week.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: It's up to me how many hours I want to work, but it's usually I have to do 10. I can usually go up to like 25. So I wasn't really like looking for more hours, but it's kind of like, it's part of what I was looking at other ways is like to work from home and like that were super flexible. Um And I could do around like my regular job. So I started doing like the studies like back and I guess like april and then I've actually done a bunch of these these came up and I was like oh that's fun, like
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I talked to somebody and then um I did but this is probably the fifth one. I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: many.
SPEAKER_R: I did four and like the first thing in the summer and then they like reopened it sort of and I think that I think I can do like one more after this maybe or something.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I tried to do it one time and my person didn't show up, but I was so frustrated that I was like, I like could have done any number of things with my right, but I don't know why I was so irritated, but like I just, you know, I fit it into my day and then it didn't pan out and then I was just like, I'm
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: not doing this anymore. And then it picked me again and said you could do this. And I was like,
SPEAKER_R: all right. All
SPEAKER_L: yeah, but I do enjoy prolific. I actually feel like I would, I'm not saying I would do it for free, but I I it's like nice. Some of the surveys are very nice to think about, like the questions
SPEAKER_R: I.
SPEAKER_L: are asking and how do I feel about these things and like, I don't mind it at all. Yeah. So nice
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: or side hustle honey in.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Yeah. Um What uh I think you can do like a couple of these like I forget what the number was like if it was for or not. But um I think I can do like one more or something, but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like I'll do it, but yesterday I was supposed to have one and the person didn't show up. So
SPEAKER_L: One minute.
SPEAKER_R: it hasn't happened like I've done a couple
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: of them and it's only, I think it's happened like maybe three times the person didn't show up, so maybe about,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: maybe it was almost half the time. But um both times I was able to reschedule right away like within a day. So
SPEAKER_L: call
SPEAKER_R: it worked
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: out. So
SPEAKER_L: that's a bummer for the the researchers that have to pay out from people just like when five minutes.
SPEAKER_R: like you said to talk to someone for 20 minutes and maybe people forget or something.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And this was fun. We
SPEAKER_R: it was.
SPEAKER_L: we had
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: a lot of comment honestly. So it was good. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Well, good luck with going back to school and and all that. You guys will sound like you've got some plans and you're flexible like you're, you'll be home right? Or mostly moms, you'll
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: able
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: I can I can flip the thing for it.
SPEAKER_R: So if your kid gets like a cough and they have to go home. Which is like basically what like I was talking to dr yesterday and I'm like, so I guess I sort of did what I should. They're like, yeah, like we see like we live in a small town but they're like we see like 40 plus kids a day for like the same exact thing. And like, and if they were in school they would have just they would have sent him home anyway if you said from the school. So I'm like okay. So they're like now at least they can go back with like notice basically form saying that they can, they tested negative and that's good. At least for I guess a couple of days, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Until
SPEAKER_R: until
SPEAKER_L: they wasn't
SPEAKER_R: the next call. But
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well that's good. Good on
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you for doing
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: your hands?
SPEAKER_L: thing and
SPEAKER_R: Like Her hands, everyone all the time. You know? Let's get
SPEAKER_L: constantly
SPEAKER_R: a cold this year.
SPEAKER_L: stop
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: touching
SPEAKER_R: pre
SPEAKER_L: your face.
SPEAKER_R: pre k girls. Like she's like what? I'm like no more sucking your fingers. Like you're
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: trying to get rid
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: of that anyway because it's like just like getting older. But now we're like now you can't look sorry. But
SPEAKER_L: To bed.
SPEAKER_R: she's like, okay. I mean yeah.
SPEAKER_L: good luck. You've got a lot
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: on your
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: plate.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: too. So do
SPEAKER_L: Take
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: care.
SPEAKER_R: all right take care of nice talking
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: to you
SPEAKER_L: you. Same here.
SPEAKER_R: all right, bye bye. Yeah.