Hello. Right.
Hi how are you?
I'm good
I'm good
house there
it's like how's everything going today for you?
All right
All right so how old are your kids or what grades are they
in?
Right. Yeah I get a break from uh the home schooling. Are they like full time at home? Are they like a hybrid?
Yeah. How do you feel about that? Come back?
So
pretty. Well we have um I have we have four kids but three uh So there they've all been in school though since september well on like a hybrid schedule. So the youngest the youngest is only two. So he's at home with me. So um and then the pre K. And third grade and sixth grade. And they're on like a hybrid schedule. So the middle schooler goes in only two days a week and
then
virtual three days a week. Um And then the like the elementary kids the pre K. And the third grader they go in um four days a week and then their home one day a week. So
everyone's
home on friday.
Right.
I actually it actually worked out really, I actually really like it right now, I mean if I was so I work from home but it's like really flexible but
which is great but it's actually been easier having the sixth grader home because otherwise during that time it would just be me and a two year old and obviously there goes doing anything
but like having him home even though I have to help him with you know be kind of aware of his school stuff and help them with some things. Um It's he can like he can load the dishwasher, he can take him up for a nap, I can like schedule like meetings or you know do stuff I need to do. So it actually I'm like
I kind of, I feel bad like talking to people who if they're both like working outside the home and then they're having to juggle like this crazy schedule. That's
like
I'm thinking like I kind of liked it a lot right
now, but if I was trying to work outside the home then it would be like a totally different story. So.
I
know.
That's a tough the kindergarten and like remote combination. I saw a picture of my sister said she has, I have a few of my siblings have kids in kindergarten, like two of them maybe like two kids in kindergarten, but she sent a picture of like I think they do go to like a, so she's in that situation where she's like finishing up like an internship for school and her husband works and they've got like, she sent me the schedule and I was like, oh my God, it was like a nanny, but then like a pot on Sundays and a nanny on Sundays and it just looks so complicated. But
she
sent me this picture and it was like the kids with their pod, but they're all like doing their school day and um she's like, this is not how kindergarten supposed to look.
And it's like all
these kids at their tablet with their headphones,
like
it's just temporary, hopefully.
Yeah. I felt the whole like, like the I actually felt that was when my hesitations with sending our kids. So when we started in september, they said um like you can either, you know, keep your kids home, but if you keep them home then you might not be able to like easily bring them back into school. Like you can, but like it's not going to be guaranteed. It can be guaranteed right away. Like you can only do it really at the end of like the marking period. So it's not like you can kind of like, you know, which makes sense like shift back and forth, you know, because the numbers and everything and just the logistics of it. So you could either keep them home or you could do the in person option, which is like a hybrid, like either two days in person or four days in person depending like what grade you're in. And I, one of that was actually like my boy bigger has my biggest bigger hesitation more than like safety was um just like what the experience was going to be like, you know, for my daughter who is in pre K, like it's your first time with school and it's like you can wear a mask all day
and you're not able to be near your friends and like all these things that actually, I think it's definitely not sub it sub optimal for sure. It's not the best. But um I was more worried about that than really than them. Like they've been like, they bring in, they bring in more than one mask so that they can change throughout the day. So um which my daughter does, my son just like what, He's just a boy, like whatever. I don't care. Um Just
to like just for themselves to like feel better, likes wearing a mask all day. It's kind of gross. But
Yeah. So I thought like that's going to be so weird. But my daughter even like the pre k she's just like, yeah, we can't be like right near each other for now because of coronavirus, but you know, we won't always sit like that, they said. And so she like they get it and they're like so excited to see their friends that um it's really been not as I thought like the masks would be kind of an issue. Just the idea of like you can't be near kids, you have to like stand so far away from them. But like, like kids, you know, they kind of like make the best of it. And my daughter like she loves recess because they play tag with pool noodles because they're like so long
so you can like
black.
So she's like, oh we just make up these different games because you're not allowed to like, you know, push them on a sweet, push them on on a swing or whatever. So um the things that I was worried about, they actually didn't mind, they're like, we just want to see our friends like, so it actually in that sense that it's been, I'm really glad that I did choose to send them because um what I was worried about, it's like not an issue for them at all, so I just dropped my pen, but what part of the country are you in?
yeah, we're in a new york state, but we're like up on the Canadian border, so
where I say new york people like, oh the city, I'm like no, we're like seven hours from the city,
we're basically Canadian. We were half an hour from the border, we go across for like, that's our nearest city really. We're in a little college town up here and our nearest city is right across the border in Southern Ontario. So that's where we would go for like different museums and like
shopping
and
like our pool is there and all that stuff but you obviously can't go over there. You know it's been the border has been closed since March. So.
And
yeah so no it's been really interesting like there's people who, because it's so close, there's actually like some of the there's like two teachers at my son's school who are american citizens but they may have dual citizenship and they actually commute from Canada. So they'll come across the border for work and um they've had to stay here with like other people because they couldn't be crossing and then they
then they could be crossing because it counted as essential crossing. And then the people have like family across the border who live like 30 minutes away and they haven't been able to see them or you know even be in the same country as them. So
it's kind of
interesting
like living on the border. Yeah.
I
know right now it's like
well I
know our our indoor pool and are like when we go to that we're not far from Ottawa so we'll go we've gone up there a few times. We just moved here like a year ago but we'll
go up there for like um they have a lot of really, you know with it being like the capital. It's got a ton of like museums and all that kind of stuff. So it's nice being not far from there. So we got to experience it for
we moved here
a year ago so we experienced it like we went a few times last fall into like sort of the early part of the winter. And then from now then it's just like oh well no more Canada not now mm.
um We lived in we actually lived in Connecticut for about seven years before this. So my husband works at a university so that kind of, we've lived in different college towns sort of all over. But we he took he took a job here which has been we've actually been trying to get up to this area. It's just like a more stable secure job as far as university jobs
go in his field. So um we have we've lived like I don't know maybe 777 different states we've lived in. So we are looking to uh not have to move again anytime soon hopefully. So.
because he's from he's actually from like Rochester new york and we've been coming up to like this area between like the U. S. And Canada. There's this area called the 1000 Islands which is it's a really neat area, it's like tons of islands and it's um kind of connects like the Great Lakes out to like past Montreal. And
so we've been coming up to this area for a long time and his parents have like a summer place here. So we've been we would come here and visit and the now we're like closer to that and closer to his parents but now we can't really
visit them. And so the timing was kind of interesting with that like we won't instead of going to see them like twice a year will be you know will be 3 3.5 hours away which is like close compared to what we were before. So not right now I guess.
Does
he have, does he have to go back in or is it kind of like they want him in?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So that's that's cool that you guys, you kind of figured out a way like we kind of did that with my parents a little bit like we went down to see them and we just started, you know, they're farther but we did it in like a different way, like we didn't stay there, we did just like one hotel which was fine because it was like there's no one in the hotel really. Um It was really empty and we just visited my parents outside and all that so um
but my it's harder with my in laws like you were saying with your in laws you kind of are like on the same page about everything, which seems like that really makes it easy, like
with our
my in laws, it's more like they're like ah yeah, like they were like the weird like we wear mask all the time, we don't want to go places as much and they're sort of like, they like go out to dinner and like they're in their eighties and we're like, we're going masks for like your demographic to protect people do and they're like whatever.
So
I don't, I don't think they would, I don't think they would like they would not be on the same page like as far as why don't we just, I mean not that we could really quarantine now that their kids are in school as much, but um it would, it's just like if you're on the same page as someone, it makes everything so much easier to do.
Yeah, I don't really want to.
Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of nice to be like, I'm kind of I'm like that too, like people are like, oh my God, I'm not doing this, I'm not doing that, I'm like, wow, we kind of were like, we were like in pandemic training forever, like we make food, like we don't take four kids out to eat, like we don't like we don't go out, we don't know, like we're not like having babysitters here, especially since we like sort of our new here, like we're like, this isn't really that different
for us. I
don't know, like I kind of don't mind. Everyone's like, I miss this, this is I'm like yeah, and they're like, oh well a lot of things like there's something like this, but a lot of things, I'm just like, well we didn't really do that before. It's like,
Yeah. So how are you guys doing like um like friends and like or like seeing like kids and like if that's been like a tricky area for us to kind of figure out what we're
football.
it's
Yeah. Um yeah, we're kind of similar. We don't really have like, I know like my sister in law was saying they kind of have similar where they have like one, you know, a neighbor next door or something. Um The tricky part process, we live like three miles outside of town. And so and it's like huge like um you know, our next door neighbor has like 100 acres and like
we
have a neighbor like on the other side, but it's not really like it's not like a neighborhood. And so um I guess that's made it easier in some ways because it's there's less like seeing kids in the neighborhood kind of thing, but it's also harder because like it's we haven't been like oh yeah just come on over, so we've been um like in the summer we would just kind of meet kids like meet some of their friends at the playground and just kind of like meet people outside like the playground and
then
yes that was a way to just at least see like someone else besides their family.
And then um we just recently had like a family with has four kids and we had um like three of them over to just like play outside and but England that was similar like my kids were asking forever and I kind of kept putting it off because I just was like it's not that I don't want to, but it's kind of similar. Like the family is just they're definitely like not I don't know if they're going out a lot, but they just aren't they wouldn't like they're not wearing masks, they're not like so it's kind of like all right, so I have over like so I have to have them wear masks and it's like so we ended up just being like let's just have them over for like a short period of time and you guys just stay outside basically. So that's kind of how we did it. But my daughter's friend asked her a couple weeks ago I guess like could you sleep over right before school starts? And we were like, I made up some reason that we couldn't, but I was just like, I don't know, like I know her dad works and like travels, like there's something for new york state, so he's like kind of traveling around and like I just don't I was like, I forget what we uh made up some reason that I was like no, no, I can't. Not
yet.
So
what?
Yeah. Yeah. We're kind of like that with our cousins are there, like they're like when you guys stop being so scared we'll see you, and we're like, oh my god, we're not being scared, we're not we're just like just not the time to do that. But then like with them saying that is like well we're not going to see them for a while, like because obviously if you're saying that like, you know, they're not in their day to day life, they're not like concerned,
just they're just not bothered with it, there's going to, you know, whatever. So we're like well we'll see your cousins, like the kids keep asking and we're like mm we just can we just talk about like phrase it like we're just being safe, like other members of our community and our school all that. But one thing that actually just happened yesterday that was making me um I had thought about it a little bit but now that it happened, I'm like oh jeez. Um So you know, kids are going to get colds and during the year and it's inevitable and but now it's like, so instead of just being like okay you don't have a fever, like you're not coughing uncontrollably, like you're fine go to school now, It's like oh my gosh, what do you do with all of those? Like you
can't, you're not supposed to send them to school if they have any of the symptoms and it's like runny nose, cough congestion are on it. Um So like just yet, our kids had basically a cold that my pre k um pre K child brought home I think from school last week. And it kind of like worked its way through like everyone, but as of yesterday, like the holiday was monday, so yesterday was school and they, no one had had a fever, I was basically pretty sure like it's just a cold. Um They just but they had runny noses and coughs so I'm like, I can't send them to school then. So I basically like, I'm just going to, I knew like the protocol was like, if they have these any of these symptoms, they can't be in school and they have to be seen by a health care practitioner and have a negative covid test before they can come back. So I kind of knew that was going to be the protocol. I'm like, you either just like send them keep them home from school and lie. Like basically make up a reason why they're not at school or I was like, you know what, I just, I feel like that's, that makes sense. Like I'm probably 95 plus percent sure that they just have a common cold, but at the same time, like this protocols in place to protect everyone. So, but yeah, so I called and basically they're like, okay and the nurses like, what are the symptoms? So I explained like runny nose and congestion, no fever, no dry cough, but like they do have a little bit of a cough and so it's like, okay, well, you know, they can't, they do need to be seen by someone and they can't be back in school until they have a negative covid test. So um unfortunately we were able to call yesterday morning at 10 a.m. And get get them all tested at one p.m. Like the rapid test. And so they were all back to school today but like it's just a tricky thing I'm thinking like that's gonna happen a lot. Like I basically
don't get don't get a cold guys because we have to like do all this stuff. Um Yeah
so that was something I like thought about in august but it was like still summer and you know it used to be like oh yeah we just won't get a lot of colds and like this was our first like cold and went through everyone and I'm like I guess it's just like if you get a cold we just have to get tested or
so. Yeah that's something I guess think about with going back to school like the protocols and stuff.
Oh yeah, so I was I was curious about that like I guess this will be like a test run at the very least to kind of see like how this would go. Um But the like the third grader, they're like you know, if it's if it's just one day like don't worry about it, but if you think she's gonna be um out for any period of time then let me know and I'll get her work. So I didn't know if that
meant they probably would like because they're using their Chromebooks um they bring them home for the remote day and then they bring them back to school and leave them at school during like their school days. So and then there is like a whole contingency of the class that's that's doing full time remote. So I imagine they would probably like switch them to like what doing what the full time remote kids are doing. Um If it was gonna be more than like a day or two, but since it was just a day, like my son, he happened the sixth grader, he happened to have like already an assignment that he was going to be finishing at school, that he could do from home.
And
then so they're like, it's just a day, we're not gonna assign any new new work. But um I'd be tricky to be a teacher though, but
I'm leaving all these like lessons, I look at my son does and I'm like, oh my gosh, just like they've got two groups of students, I guess. They probably just come up with like a system like, because they've got these two cohorts, like, one group comes in two days monday Tuesday,
and next
group of students comes in Wednesday thursday. But then they have this third group of students that's full time remote, but they might have like designated one teacher to do like the full time remote stuff to keep it easier for the like in person teachers.
Yeah, I think the teachers have like such a are such a hard job when I see what my kids do, like for the remote stuff. I'm like, I don't know, they got between like the lesson planning and they got to just be really organized and flexible and all that stuff. So I don't I don't envy that having that job right now.
Yeah, definitely. Oh, man, do you have any more work, do you have any more work for today or any of your
stuff?
thank
you.
I know. I've actually done a couple. I did um I started doing like the prolific like the studies back in um actually March because I had to slow down for like my regular work and I was like, all right, so let's let's go off this virus thing. Like the economy is gonna like be like in the toilet and um I was like, maybe I should like start thinking outside of like just my like one, like it's like 10 to 25 hours a week.
It's up to me how many hours I want to work, but it's usually I have to do 10. I can usually go up to like 25. So I wasn't really like looking for more hours, but it's kind of like, it's part of what I was looking at other ways is like to work from home and like that were super flexible. Um And I could do around like my regular job. So I started doing like the studies like back and I guess like april and then I've actually done a bunch of these these came up and I was like oh that's fun, like
I talked to somebody and then um I did but this is probably the fifth one. I
think
I did four and like the first thing in the summer and then they like reopened it sort of and I think that I think I can do like one more after this maybe or something.
all
all right. All
I.
Nice.
exactly. Yeah. Um What uh I think you can do like a couple of these like I forget what the number was like if it was for or not. But um I think I can do like one more or something, but
like I'll do it, but yesterday I was supposed to have one and the person didn't show up. So
it hasn't happened like I've done a couple
of them and it's only, I think it's happened like maybe three times the person didn't show up, so maybe about,
maybe it was almost half the time. But um both times I was able to reschedule right away like within a day. So
it worked
out. So
like you said to talk to someone for 20 minutes and maybe people forget or something.
it was.
But
Well, good luck with going back to school and and all that. You guys will sound like you've got some plans and you're flexible like you're, you'll be home right? Or mostly moms, you'll
be
able
to
So if your kid gets like a cough and they have to go home. Which is like basically what like I was talking to dr yesterday and I'm like, so I guess I sort of did what I should. They're like, yeah, like we see like we live in a small town but they're like we see like 40 plus kids a day for like the same exact thing. And like, and if they were in school they would have just they would have sent him home anyway if you said from the school. So I'm like okay. So they're like now at least they can go back with like notice basically form saying that they can, they tested negative and that's good. At least for I guess a couple of days, you know,
until
the next call. But
like
what's
your hands?
Like Her hands, everyone all the time. You know? Let's get
a cold this year.
My
pre
pre k girls. Like she's like what? I'm like no more sucking your fingers. Like you're
trying to get rid
of that anyway because it's like just like getting older. But now we're like now you can't look sorry. But
she's like, okay. I mean yeah.
Thank
you.
You
too. So do
you
all right take care of nice talking
to you
all right, bye bye. Yeah.