bye.
I'm good, how are you?
Good,
this is
go ahead,
I'm doing fine. I just finished homeschooling with virtual schooling with my kids. So there
and have a moment of peace. But uh yes
kindergarten
in second, so this is like a nice chance to interact with another adult for a little bit.
Uh they're full time at home but their school just said that they could start coming back in november full time there, so this is gonna be a shift. Yeah, I don't know, I wasn't prepared for that. I'd kind of given up on any chance that they might be back this year. But
it's weird because I feel like our little bubble is ending. We've been you know sort of enjoying this little extra time. Like I was sort of happy that I had my kindergartener here a little bit longer at home, but he needs it. He really needs to go and have that kindergarten experience. I mean your mom is not your kindergarten teacher, like that's not. So how are you doing
everything
and
control.
No
interest.
That's nice. At least you have um
And then you're, your middle schooler gets a little bit of like peace and quiet at home while that you were out. It's
Thanks.
You're not getting anything done? Right.
Bring.
That's
nuts.
Right.
Agreed. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't know how people who actually like have a regular job connection with any of this.
We hope
I have like a part time side gig thing that I can do. Like you're saying pretty flexible but like I'm basically in kindergarten the whole day because otherwise if I walk away he's just like scribbling and not doing anything. So I didn't like are you doing this or doing this? But I don't
It's
11
no
more.
I
know. I know
right, right. It's like um it's like on one hand I was really happy to be home and like help my daughter. My daughter has some struggles like she's really smart but then has struggles with like reading and writing. So I'm helping her work on these things while she's home. But now if she goes that kind of goes away. But on the other hand like I said my son like he's gotta go like you can't do kindergarten sitting at your dining room table. And he like he looks at all the little pictures and all the other little kids, he's like that's in their room and she's doing this and they like they do these cheers today, like he feels like he knows them so it's crazy. But uh we I had given up yesterday on there being any sort of hybrid or anything. They're, the school's option right now is like, you can go into the school and do a learning lab where you are on the computer in the school or you can be at home on the computer. Well you might as well be home, but now you actual in person, it was like, I've really given up on this being an option and now I sort of feel like my head is spinning like I have to do back to school shopping in october I sort of walked away from this. But it's, I don't know, I'm, I'm, my husband is like, why aren't you happy you're supposed to be like jumping up and down Like, like I'm like, I, I feel mm odd because I don't know if it's going to be better there. They still have to distance and wear the mask and this affect their books and everything or whatever. It's still not quite the same. Uh huh
All
thumps
If you look a fresh one then you're like oh yeah.
But
that's
no fun.
I'm in Ohio, I was just gonna ask you the same thing,
no.
practically Canadian. Right.
No
one of
them
jeez, I hadn't
thought of that.
Mom
connect
so
scared.
I had never thought about that anybody might be in a position of like the working here living there, that kind of thing. Like I mean I definitely understand why Canada opted to shut their borders. I mean we were very seriously and they had, it seems like mostly under control but um yeah, you would think that it would be like a they would be up essential from the get go. But I can also sort of understand that like a teacher going into a school, nobody understood yet what that meant or didn't mean like how risk was, I mean it's the amount that we've sort of figured out unofficially over the last eight months, it seems very interesting to me, like they won't officially say like you're not gonna get it from the mail, you're not gonna get from your groceries or from, you know, like somebody walking in your house, but we're sort of like becoming more comfortable with this like middle ground of whatever. Oh, that's kind of a bummer for you that you were cut off from your other half of civilization,
your
tool?
no.
How
christmas
market?
You'll appreciate it when you get it back. So where did you go from?
Good,
Right. The stay at home in one for a long time kind of thing. That's good. Right.
And what?
Great.
No, I know it's Ricky. Like what's what's okay and what's not okay. And like my mother in law is about 3.5 hours away too. So we like we're making this arrangement about like, well quarantine, you'll quarantine and then she can come stay with us for a week. And then my husband were working from home until last month and then they called him back so he can sit in an office by himself there. Right? Um
So
yeah, they mandated part time. He has to be there. So he put on his mask, he gets like walks through the hallway, goes in his office, closes the door and stays there until he leaves. And it's like you can save all that commute and the gas and the parking and everything. Like why not let people stay home if it's a benefit to all of this like one upside or like how people there flexibility with the home schooling and stuff. But yeah, I understand that value of like parents and in laws in this weird time where you're sort of stuck at home and now it would be a nice time too, make the most of that relationship, but it's trickier.
That's nice.
It
hopes.
Right. It's
them.
Absolutely. You need to have that like same philosophy of like this is how we're protecting you and us and like trying to handle things and we were extremely cautious and I mean still are, but like didn't go out, I haven't gone out to eat dinner in months and like that whole thing so it sounds like you were pretty similar but then you have those other people are like come meet me for drinks and I'm like, I don't know,
but maybe that was a more social person I would be more inclined to like I would push or like I would need it more Like I'm really okay just like meeting one friend and sitting outside six ft and just like hanging out once in a while, it's okay.
thank
you.
Right. Or there's definitely things I was happy to get an excuse to get out of like, you know if I you know people are like doing such and such cookout or get together and you know, some of it I would be happy to go to but some of us like that's sort of like awkward friend of a friend kind of thing, You're just like, oh I'm sorry, you know?
it is tricky
because everybody has their own, like you're saying different protocols and different philosophies based on families. And um our kids have one kid that lives next door is the same age as my daughter and so it's like 28 year olds and then one, you know, both boys so that he has something in common with both of my kids. So then they play with masks and we just try to stay like don't Be like this, like can you stay two ft? Like it's sort of where we're at um and they haven't really seen or played with anybody else too much. If that boy has somebody over then, you know, masks and they can play with that person. My father went to Girl Scouts last night for the first time since this whole shutdown and it was outside in a pavilion and it was so interesting to see her just like kids, kids, I get to see kids like I'm going to say like, you don't even know their names, it doesn't matter. But she was so happy reinforced to me that going back to school is gonna be helpful, but
you know, they're cousins, they do have some cousins are age, but we haven't done anything with them mostly because it seems like their parents are not on the same page about the masking. They go out to eat a lot. Uh, they both work out of the home. They just felt like a higher risk, like a lot more time invested and we had to, you know, we'd have to like manage all those expectations on everybody. And it is hard. I think sometimes too, like if you see another kid, you're like, could you please put your mask on, but you're not my kids. So I don't want to have to really like your smile rules on somebody else's kids. So it worked out with the neighbor that we were just like masks or don't play and everybody was on board. Um You know, like a lot of families are like, we're having sleepovers like with one other family or whatever. And I haven't gotten to that point yet where I'm, I'm like, yes, bring your whole family into my house and let's just pretend like it's all normal. Maybe I need to get there soon. How are you doing it?
It's
not
You
know, that's good.
You think?
but
I think it's okay to not be sure about the situation. It's not like it's not like the stakes aren't high, you have to be an entire family. You know, you're you're trying to make the decision and
it's impossible
to know what people are doing. Some people say like, well we're staying home, but in the same sentence will say like I went to the grocery store and this and this and this and this and we went and visited with that and I had lunch with that person. Like you're not not doing anything. That was a lot of things. So it is tricky. Thank you. Um
Seriously?
It
you're
World
Thank you.
Yeah. You're giving me your giving me like, okay. Like I got a plan for them. Well, I mean, first of all like kudos to you for following the protocol because you would hope that other parents would do the same thing and not just assume holding Be irresponsible. So I think sometimes we have to step up even though we know 95%. Especially with you having four kids that you're not uh you're not rookie. So you understood like that that's how this goes. The stakes are high and you want to make sure that it's everybody's being careful my daughter and every time she gets a cold, it's like a three month cold. So now I'm thinking like if she tests negative and the cold never goes away, what if it is covid later? And we didn't know. I don't um I don't know. We'll just have to see my kids only have, they will go back in the beginning of November. And then there's like break break break, so there's only six weeks left in 2021, 2020 that they could go. So I'm like, just keeping fingers crossed it, like they go, don't get cold, don't do anything. And hopefully the school has a good plan for if somebody has a cold that is just seamless, go back to virtual learning. Um Without like, did your kids have to because they're hybrid anyway. Did they, were they out of school completely or could they do remote learning while they were at home with the cold?
Well,
that's
good.
My novel
All
there.
Yeah. Right. I think that's where my kids school is heading is that there's gonna be teachers in person and teachers that didn't feel comfortable being in person are going to continue to be remote. Um But the downside to that is that my like if you are virtual now and you're going in person, you'll be likely changing teacher and possibly changing teachers. So my son is gonna be getting a new kindergarten teacher, which is such a bummer because he like, like this lady that does the puppet shows and stuff on the video and I'm going to have to tell them like listen, the upside is you get to see kids and like go have lunch in the cafeteria and all this fun stuff. But new teacher. So hopefully that's not too much heartbreak in the middle of all this. But yeah, you did to your point about like this crazy teachers having to juggle these insane schedules and the bands of so many different people on top of regular teacher stuff on top of virus. It's just informed.
No, not even in the slightest. And all the technical stuff that they're handling with remote learning. And I just hear my second graders teacher just saying like, please put yourself on mute to like kids random kids all day long. I'm like, I am ready to yell at these kids. Like when we're, it's like, but I'm just like, I don't know. It's just a special breed of people that can really have that level of patients and persevere through like crappy parents and fussy kids and all that stuff. It's just too much. But I'm definitely planning a really something nice for like a teacher appreciation day. I don't know, they deserve it for sure. Um Yeah.
I'm
gonna go check out and check and see if I would emails. Is this your first time
doing
this chad thing?
All
Well, yeah,
So
many.
okay. I tried to do it one time and my person didn't show up, but I was so frustrated that I was like, I like could have done any number of things with my right, but I don't know why I was so irritated, but like I just, you know, I fit it into my day and then it didn't pan out and then I was just like, I'm
not doing this anymore. And then it picked me again and said you could do this. And I was like,
yeah, but I do enjoy prolific. I actually feel like I would, I'm not saying I would do it for free, but I I it's like nice. Some of the surveys are very nice to think about, like the questions
are asking and how do I feel about these things and like, I don't mind it at all. Yeah. So nice
or side hustle honey in.
No.
One minute.
I mean,
Well
call
it,
that's a bummer for the the researchers that have to pay out from people just like when five minutes.
Right. And this was fun. We
we had
a lot of comment honestly. So it was good. Well,
I'll
be
here.
I can I can flip the thing for it.
Until
they wasn't
Right. Well that's good. Good on
you for doing
the
thing and
constantly
stop
touching
your face.
You
know?
To bed.
good luck. You've got a lot
on your
plate.
But
Take
care.
Thank
you. Same here.