SPEAKER_L: It's almost four fucking blogging am on. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Can you text him? No, I'm not allowed to. Yes, you are. What do you want to say is it's incredible that. Never mind.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can hear you
SPEAKER_R: okay, awesome. Well this is um the first time I've done this on prolific um have you done one of these chats before?
SPEAKER_L: honestly. I've never done it on prolific, but I've I've done like chats like this, but I've never been matched up with someone before, So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was expecting to sit here and wait for a few minutes and then we even get paid a dollar, but like whatever, that's okay too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is your life going right now?
SPEAKER_R: Oh man, my life is boring. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I used to be in school and I had some health problems and so I'm out of school right now, so I'm just like trying to not be the laziest person that I'm capable of being. Um So yeah, pretty boring. Uh doing prolific and some stuff just for like pocket change, but yeah, not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Has your life?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well, I can actually relate to you in more than one way. I was recently diagnosed with bipolar and uh it's just been a down world downward spiral, my mom of two kids, and it's just been crazy and I got myself into legal trouble when I was an asthmatic episodes, so it's just like, I don't even know how to cope right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've never had anyone in my family really with experiences like that, but yeah, I feel for you, especially if
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: you're like
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: having an episode in it now, you're having to deal with it in like a completely different state of mind, I imagine. That's, it feels
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: like maybe someone else
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: trying
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: I had a boyfriend of like four years and then things just went like way out of control and now I'm just in a position where I'm trying to put the pieces back together and it's just, I don't even know at this point, like, and then the covid stuff on top of that I want to get out and do things, but everything is closed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I get that. Um I mean, so like right now, are you just trying to figure out like the best treatment for it.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Now I'm just in um like they put me on meds, I was in the hospital twice. Um they put me on meds to stabilize my mood and then I've been on talk therapy and everything and I've just been trying to like walk my dogs and just get on with my life, but it's so hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it is. I've dealt with other issues, not bipolar but like other mental issues where it takes a long time to get it figured out and it's hard to get yourself out of that hole. And especially now now I'm really sorry, it's just happening now, it's not a good time for it.
SPEAKER_L: most definitely not. I just feel like so confined and I feel like there's nowhere to go and there's nowhere to turn to and especially now like my friends are all wrapped up in their lives and I'm just I feel like I'm in this battle alone.
SPEAKER_R: Well you said you're doing talk therapy, right? So is it like zoom therapy or something?
SPEAKER_L: I had a therapist that I was seeing like regularly in person and the office like closed down. So now we have to do it like telehealth. So I just put it on like facetime and everything with her.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: was lucky enough to get into telehealth, like not long after Covid started and it helped a lot. Um And thankfully like I was doing it through the university nearby so it was teaching, so it was free. Um Yeah, so I got really lucky with that. But
SPEAKER_L: what other health problems are you dealing with? Crazy? What are you dealing with?
SPEAKER_R: Um Oh man, it's a really weird situation like five years ago as a really active person. Like I would run and hike and do weight lifting and then I started having ankle pain and it progressed into both ankles in like six months after it started, it got so bad, I couldn't walk anymore. And
SPEAKER_L: goodness!
SPEAKER_R: then, yeah, it was really just out of nowhere and then I went to school in a wheelchair for a year and then I started having risk problems and I couldn't type anymore and it was really
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: stupid. I was
SPEAKER_L: are you
SPEAKER_R: doing,
SPEAKER_L: do that?
SPEAKER_R: um I had to quit school, I couldn't type anymore. And honestly, I just like wind about it and was upset about it and depressed about it for like four years. And it wasn't until like recently because I've been to it like over a dozen doctors to try and figure out what's wrong. And it wasn't until recently that I'm just like, you know what, I'm not going to figure out what it is, it's not going to happen. I can't spend any more money trying to figure it out. So I kind of accepted it and it has gotten better. I can walk a bit now and use a computer which I couldn't before. Um
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: just I mean, like, I just feel like even like mentally Having something like physically too, I had problems like that. I had a total replacement. I'm only 24 and I had a total hip replacement because something similar happened back in December and I couldn't walk at all and they couldn't figure out what it was. And I was diagnosed with the disease that was eating away at my bent a vascular necrosis. And I have like a cane and everything here, that it was hard for me to get around. And then it's just like from one thing to another, just constantly like it's always something.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's life. I hate to like I don't know, I've been like a pessimist about that before. Like I think that is kind of life. Everyone it seems like sometimes you have good periods but it just it does go from one thing to another and I don't know, you just have to appreciate the breaks between I guess.
SPEAKER_L: I guess. Well I can look at it as like a break because my ex
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: um he took my kids with him and I have to fight for custody of them to get them back and everything and I'm in this apartment, it's a two bedroom apartment, my mom staying with me now, but I'm in this big apartment like all by myself and I just feel defeated. Really? Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if there's I mean I'm sure there's online groups where you can meet, get like just some interaction, but I know how that is just being stuck in one place. I definitely know how that is.
SPEAKER_L: I just feel like I want to run away and go somewhere, but I can't because I'm stuck and I have like all these legal trouble smell and it's just hard to go with the days passing as far as like support. Like what is your support system like?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Um Not too much honestly. Uh this is sort of my fault, but I don't talk to a lot of my friends anymore because of the health issues. Um for a long time, I couldn't Like I couldn't really leave my house without help and I would just be in such pain. I couldn't stay out more than like 30 minutes. So I just gave up trying to hang out with my friends and I just kind of haven't reconnected with them like during Covid because I don't want to, there's not much we can do outside and I don't want to bring them into my house. That sounds terrible. But and like risk my roommates and everybody getting sick so friends are kinda out. I've got a mom who's somewhat supportive but like she's got her own problems with health and mental health. Um I have a girlfriend. We've been together almost four years and she's the most supportive person so I'm really lucky to have her and she's made it a lot easier and helped me get better. But. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: That's the one I feel like now all I have is like my mom and all I had to look forward to is my kids. But I mean I don't even have my kids enough. So it's like I feel just cornered everyone
SPEAKER_R: Are you allowed to talk to them?
SPEAKER_L: only at his will, his will. Like I have to have permission to facetime them and we have to talk through this app on the court ordered. Um just to make sure that there's no like harassment or whatever. Um Because during my like breakdown, I'll be honest with you and I'll tell you during my breakdown, I was just so upset with him for him like putting me in a psych ward. I was so mad. I called him and I said like, I'll kill you in your sleep. And he took it literal and he went and like press charges and got a P. F. A. And everything. So now it's everything has to be like very closely monitored between him and I and he has like so much control over my life now with the kids. It's unreal. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds like a pretty bad situation. But
SPEAKER_L: Bad situation.
SPEAKER_R: is there like a time frame on it? Like how long you have to seek treatment before? Like things with the court progress.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's september but I'm not really sure. Um I haven't gotten a letter in the mail yet that says like when my second date is but for the meantime like the FIFA is partially lifted so we can have communication about the kids. But that's it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well september is not too far away. I mean it's a long time without your kids. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just trying I've been trying to like look myself up with these appointments and like do you do other market research?
SPEAKER_R: No, I haven't found any. That's worth anything, honestly.
SPEAKER_L: There's so many things like that you can do. Um there's a whole bunch of different websites that can give you with like market research, it's like,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know it's kind of like profilic but you'll go on an interview for like an hour at a time and they pay like $125 an
SPEAKER_R: Gone.
SPEAKER_L: hour.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you're allowed to just like send me that link but that would be good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's, it's called, one of them is fine focus groups dot
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: com. Um And you want to cook on the nationwide tab. Yeah and then when you click on the nationwide tab it will show you like all the active
SPEAKER_R: Great
SPEAKER_L: market research projects that there are. And then another one is uh survey squad.
SPEAKER_R: surveys God that sounds familiar.
SPEAKER_L: you can look that up on twitter, you don't have to have an account on twitter. I don't use twitter but I just checked their um I don't know, I just check it like every day to see if there's a new projects and they usually have them a couple times a week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah now I'll check that out. I've tried a few. Um I tried swag bucks which is just like surveys. It's awful. I'm getting so many junk emails and junk mail. I regret it. Holy. Um And then what else I've tried like since I do computer science um I have some experience debugging. So there's a few websites like that like Tess leon you test. I have never gotten a project on their signed up a few months ago. Had not gotten one project. So yeah it's kind of they're all kind of pointless. I've tried to mturk
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: years ago and that pennies
SPEAKER_L: tried mturk, but Amazon went and let me like sign up with the account. I don't know why, but they wouldn't let me with the account and with swag bucks, I definitely relate to that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: regret using my normal email.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my mom signed up for that too and she ended up doing like the trial offers, she never got credit for them, but she was still charged for like the trial offers or whatever and she was like $100 charges because she would forget to cancel them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's like tricks to that. Now I don't do any more surveys and I only do like things that you have to pay for. Only if I've seen the other people got credited for it and if I don't get credited you send support tickets and if that doesn't work you just do a chargeback. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: was she just forgets to cancel them and then whenever she goes to call the merchant about like the support tickets and everything, they're still like, okay, well you're past the cancellation because she realizes it way too late.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's the other thing you have to use um There's this thing called privacy card or it's kind of like a prepaid card and it will only charge as much as you let it. So I have mindset a dollar. So if I use it for a free trial and then I forget to cancel and then they charge me like 10 bucks, it won't charge it because it will only charge a dollar. So
SPEAKER_L: And an app,
SPEAKER_R: yes it's an app.
SPEAKER_L: don't you have to pay like monthly membership fees for that
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: though? No.
SPEAKER_R: free. You have to you have to link a bank account that has over $50 and it sounds a little untrustworthy but it's not it's a big pretty secure company and a lot of people use it and I haven't had problems with it.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard about cash
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: up to I just recently end up with cash up and I have like a debit card and I know that they will only pull out the money that's in your account too. So I've heard people using those.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so that at least like your account in cash up or like your bank account?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's like cash app bank account
SPEAKER_R: Okay so you
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: put money into the cash up account?
SPEAKER_L: yeah through your bank loans but you have to link your bank accounts to it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah that sounds similar. The thing I like about privacy is you can cancel the credit card um Like one merchant was charging me $30 every month even though I canceled and so I just I deleted the credit card and so they couldn't do it anymore. They couldn't even attempt anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I don't know if there's a limit on how many credit cards you can make on there but it's nice.
SPEAKER_L: I tried something similar to that. I don't remember what it was called but it was just like a an app for like trial subscriptions but you can only use it like three or four times a month. And I was getting to use it like more as I started to get into like swag bucks and sites like that And then I like overused it and then they wanted a membership fee of like $50 a month. And I also forget this
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's too much, anything
SPEAKER_L: wait
SPEAKER_R: is too much.
SPEAKER_L: way too much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well what were you doing before all of this kind of took place?
SPEAKER_L: I used to be in um, the Marine Corps so that's ready of my problems started with like mental health. I was diagnosed with PTSD and things just kind of escalated. I mean my symptoms were always there, but like we never realized it was like bipolar as well as like these other symptoms and it didn't come out until a couple of weeks ago. But the most recent job that I had was I was working at a bank as a teller and I went on leave, like a short term leave period just because I was struggling with my mental health a couple months ago and then I had that stuff with my hip and now it's mental health again. So like if it's not one thing others, I think that might work,
SPEAKER_R: Well it sounds like you're taking the right steps and is your hip doing better now that you got to replace?
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely doing better, but it still hurts, like I'm not able to lay on my side like I used to because I'm a side sleeper and it's just really painful and I don't get to do a lot of things that I used to do, like sit in certain positions, but the aching pain and like it was so bad, I couldn't walk at one point, I'm able to walk and get up the stairs and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: How long ago did you get it replaced?
SPEAKER_L: this was back in March.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's not that long ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: the doctor told me like it's really devastating to, the doctor told me I would never be able to run again. And I'm on all these like um psych meds and they're making me blow up. Like I used to be 100 and £50 now, I'm pushing like to 20. No.
SPEAKER_R: Well I don't know my half sister had her hip replaced and I mean she's probably about 60 years old and I don't know if it is like specific to the disease you had, but I mean she's able to hike and run and she probably had to replace like last year. So unless like you still have that disease or there's just more damage than just your hip. I'm not a doctor, but I think if you want to walk and run, I totally think you can do it like absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: it's just painful and I'm like scared just because I have so many health problems right now and I'm afraid
SPEAKER_R: I get that.
SPEAKER_L: if something else goes wrong like that, I'll just be my mental breakdown. Like that will be it.
SPEAKER_R: I get that. I understand being scared of pain, that's how
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: of my life has been in the past few years. So I understand that
SPEAKER_L: As far as like getting around now, are you able to get around? Like how do you get around now? Like walking and everything? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: don't, for the most part I can walk around my little condo, which I think for two years I used a wheelchair
SPEAKER_L: Everything about
SPEAKER_R: on my condo. I just couldn't stand up for more than like 30 seconds, like showering hurt so bad. That was the only time I would stand. Um Now I can walk maybe like a 100 ft um every few days if I want to and if I'm feeling good, but if I leave the house, I use a wheelchair almost all the time. Um and I used to take the bus in the wheelchair, can't do that anymore. And I developed like the pain went everywhere, like I had neck in john eyeball pain, I didn't know you could have eyeball pain, it's the dumbest thing. Um so riding the bus was really hard and I kind of just became a hermit and didn't do anything but life is better now. Like, I can hold pens, I can use my eyes, look at stuff so it's better. But I get that feeling you have where you're afraid of like, what's going to happen next? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: definitely feel that, but I definitely feel like I relate to you in so many different ways because in a way we both feel like trapped. Do you feel trapped? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Like, I feel trapped, like isn't I can't change anything. It used to be like if I didn't like something in my life, at least I could take steps to change it or to try to change it. And now it's like, what can I do? I've tried everything, everything hurts to try, I don't have the money to try a lot of these treatments. So it's like, what can I do? And a lot of the time it's just like sitting waiting for the day to pass.
SPEAKER_L: I've had those feelings too. Um My most recent episode of mania, I was
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like the symptoms were there, but no one knew what it was until it was too late and I had to be hospitalized. But I was up for like periods of time for like days where I just couldn't sleep. My mind was racing. I was thinking of opening up my own business, doing this, doing that and eventually I just lost my stuff and just went off on my, at the time boyfriend and it ended me up in jail and I was just so depressed. I just wanted the days to end and I would just get so matt, like I would just get angry when the new day would come because I was just so depressed. I wanted the day to end, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I spent a lot of days feeling like that and now, honestly the covid has kind of put a damper on how much I can get out, but I don't mind like the situation right now as much like I'm pretty introverted and I'm like, oh finally everyone stuck inside just like I am awesome. Like I don't feel like I'm the only loser in the world or like the only shouldn.
SPEAKER_L: I used to live my life like that too. Like, especially after having kids, well before I had kids, I was honestly, I was an alcoholic and being in the military and like being through what I went through, I just didn't have any other way to cook for it with it and I just felt like I never wanted to go out really unless it was like drinking or partying or anything. And then once I had kids, I was like kind of shut in and forced to deal with myself, you know, and I felt like everybody without having fun and doing this and doing that and living their lives and then this covid stuff happened and I was still, you know, my kids were still here, we were just shut in together and I didn't feel so alone anymore because I knew everybody else was in the same situation. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: There's not really anyone to compare yourself to because everyone's in the same situation.
SPEAKER_L: And there's a lot of people to that can't really face themselves during this pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. They've never been alone before. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: just hard for me now because I'm so used to having my kids and they're not here anymore and now I'm feeling I'm forced to deal with myself and I don't know what to do.
SPEAKER_R: well, like talk therapy I think is the best thing. I'd say a lot of people could use that right now who are like just not able to stay with themselves. So I think that's probably I don't know, is it helping?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I haven't had talk therapy in a while just because I've been getting out of the psych ward and then I as soon as my treatment was over and the psychiatrist like really smear or whatever, the cops came and literally put me in handcuffs, took me into jail and then I was in jail for a week until I had I went under like a psychological evaluation because I have like I have two court sessions that I have to go to over the next two months. I'm just like so depressed over at all I can do about it now is just laugh. Yeah. What?
SPEAKER_R: I hope that you find something to occupy you during
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: this time.
SPEAKER_L: you haven't trying to read books and then tried everything?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know. Like you said you're able to walk your dogs, is there like a
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: dog park
SPEAKER_L: did that
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: happen?
SPEAKER_R: regular park nearby?
SPEAKER_L: I actually, right before this shot I took them on a walk.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: It helps, it helps a little bit. But I don't know it's just it's just hard to live here with like all the memories of like my kids and everything, you know they're not hear anything. I even have like a high chair right behind me. It's like the memories haunt me everywhere I go,
SPEAKER_R: Is there anywhere else you could stay any other family?
SPEAKER_L: my mom, I'll go over her house a couple of days a week. But at the same like I'm stuck with the financial responsibility of the apartment out to that. He moved out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: man, I don't know, I don't know, timeframes but like roommate maybe Is that one bedroom?
SPEAKER_L: Two bedroom. It's just so sudden because um I don't know if I'll get like custody of my kids back. I'm hoping I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: do but I have to keep the apartment for them and I have to have a bedroom for them in case I do get full custody back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that is very true. Yeah it sounds like a stuck place. I get
SPEAKER_L: most
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. What do you do on days when you feel like that?
SPEAKER_R: Um Oh gosh, I like try to make myself go outside going outside, makes me pretty happy. Um Usually that just breaks up the monotony if I catch it, I remember that I just have to change my setting. Um just go anywhere and not being able to drive, you know that's kind of hard. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I don't I wouldn't say I deal with it in the best way either like I don't have a good answer for that. I just like kind of shrug and wait for another day. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: For this, how, what time are we supposed to be on this until, do you know?
SPEAKER_R: Um I said at the time it's a 25 minutes so we've got a minute and a half so let's
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: let's change the mood. What are you looking for too?
SPEAKER_L: um there was a book that I recently got off amazon. I'm looking forward to reading that and it's about bipolar because it's so new diagnosis. I just like reading other people's stories. It helps. What are you looking forward to?
SPEAKER_R: Um And I think at the end of august I'm going camping
SPEAKER_L: Ooh.
SPEAKER_R: um so just an overnight and it sounds like a lot of work just for one night. But yeah, it's a change of scenery, it's something different. Yeah and some fairly cheap so I'm excited for that. I'm not
SPEAKER_L: You know
SPEAKER_R: I'm not excited for winter at all. I love summer so much more winters hard
SPEAKER_L: what state are you in?
SPEAKER_R: um In colorado. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you guys get hit hard.
SPEAKER_R: winter is really suck. It's not, I don't mind snow. Um but everything's dead and there's no sun. Like the no son is what really does me and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: are you at
SPEAKER_L: pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania? Is it pretty moderate mostly here?
SPEAKER_L: No, it's cold like 3/4 of the year. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's colorado. So hoping
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: to soak it up while it's here. Right?
SPEAKER_L: it was so nice talking to you and I really appreciate, you know having this time just talking to each other like one on one,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it sounds like we definitely understand each other a little bit more situations. But
SPEAKER_L: experience and I really appreciated it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I appreciate you too. I hope your day's get better in your weeks. I hope
SPEAKER_L: I hope
SPEAKER_R: you find
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: something fun to do.
SPEAKER_L: I hope your day's get better too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you now. I'm not I'm not sure how to leave honestly. So
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: let me
SPEAKER_L: the X button maybe.
SPEAKER_R: because I thought I saw something that um you have to go back to the survey page first but I'll take your word for it. I'll just press X. But anyway, have an awesome day. It's nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. I hope you do too. Good bye.