Can you hear me
okay, awesome. Well this is um the first time I've done this on prolific um have you done one of these chats before?
I
yeah, I was expecting to sit here and wait for a few minutes and then we even get paid a dollar, but like whatever, that's okay too. Yeah.
Oh man, my life is boring. Um
I used to be in school and I had some health problems and so I'm out of school right now, so I'm just like trying to not be the laziest person that I'm capable of being. Um So yeah, pretty boring. Uh doing prolific and some stuff just for like pocket change, but yeah, not too bad.
Has your life?
Yeah, I've never had anyone in my family really with experiences like that, but yeah, I feel for you, especially if
you're like
having an episode in it now, you're having to deal with it in like a completely different state of mind, I imagine. That's, it feels
like maybe someone else
trying
to
Yeah, I get that. Um I mean, so like right now, are you just trying to figure out like the best treatment for it.
Yeah, it is. I've dealt with other issues, not bipolar but like other mental issues where it takes a long time to get it figured out and it's hard to get yourself out of that hole. And especially now now I'm really sorry, it's just happening now, it's not a good time for it.
Well you said you're doing talk therapy, right? So is it like zoom therapy or something?
Yeah, I actually
was lucky enough to get into telehealth, like not long after Covid started and it helped a lot. Um And thankfully like I was doing it through the university nearby so it was teaching, so it was free. Um Yeah, so I got really lucky with that. But
Um Oh man, it's a really weird situation like five years ago as a really active person. Like I would run and hike and do weight lifting and then I started having ankle pain and it progressed into both ankles in like six months after it started, it got so bad, I couldn't walk anymore. And
then, yeah, it was really just out of nowhere and then I went to school in a wheelchair for a year and then I started having risk problems and I couldn't type anymore and it was really
stupid. I was
doing,
um I had to quit school, I couldn't type anymore. And honestly, I just like wind about it and was upset about it and depressed about it for like four years. And it wasn't until like recently because I've been to it like over a dozen doctors to try and figure out what's wrong. And it wasn't until recently that I'm just like, you know what, I'm not going to figure out what it is, it's not going to happen. I can't spend any more money trying to figure it out. So I kind of accepted it and it has gotten better. I can walk a bit now and use a computer which I couldn't before. Um
So
I think that's life. I hate to like I don't know, I've been like a pessimist about that before. Like I think that is kind of life. Everyone it seems like sometimes you have good periods but it just it does go from one thing to another and I don't know, you just have to appreciate the breaks between I guess.
What?
I wonder if there's I mean I'm sure there's online groups where you can meet, get like just some interaction, but I know how that is just being stuck in one place. I definitely know how that is.
I don't know. Um Not too much honestly. Uh this is sort of my fault, but I don't talk to a lot of my friends anymore because of the health issues. Um for a long time, I couldn't Like I couldn't really leave my house without help and I would just be in such pain. I couldn't stay out more than like 30 minutes. So I just gave up trying to hang out with my friends and I just kind of haven't reconnected with them like during Covid because I don't want to, there's not much we can do outside and I don't want to bring them into my house. That sounds terrible. But and like risk my roommates and everybody getting sick so friends are kinda out. I've got a mom who's somewhat supportive but like she's got her own problems with health and mental health. Um I have a girlfriend. We've been together almost four years and she's the most supportive person so I'm really lucky to have her and she's made it a lot easier and helped me get better. But. Okay.
Are you allowed to talk to them?
Sounds like a pretty bad situation. But
is there like a time frame on it? Like how long you have to seek treatment before? Like things with the court progress.
Yeah. Well september is not too far away. I mean it's a long time without your kids. Yeah.
No, I haven't found any. That's worth anything, honestly.
Thank you.
Gone.
I don't know if you're allowed to just like send me that link but that would be good.
All
Great
surveys God that sounds familiar.
Yeah now I'll check that out. I've tried a few. Um I tried swag bucks which is just like surveys. It's awful. I'm getting so many junk emails and junk mail. I regret it. Holy. Um And then what else I've tried like since I do computer science um I have some experience debugging. So there's a few websites like that like Tess leon you test. I have never gotten a project on their signed up a few months ago. Had not gotten one project. So yeah it's kind of they're all kind of pointless. I've tried to mturk
years ago and that pennies
I
regret using my normal email.
Yeah there's like tricks to that. Now I don't do any more surveys and I only do like things that you have to pay for. Only if I've seen the other people got credited for it and if I don't get credited you send support tickets and if that doesn't work you just do a chargeback. So
tell
Mhm. That's the other thing you have to use um There's this thing called privacy card or it's kind of like a prepaid card and it will only charge as much as you let it. So I have mindset a dollar. So if I use it for a free trial and then I forget to cancel and then they charge me like 10 bucks, it won't charge it because it will only charge a dollar. So
yes it's an app.
It's
free. You have to you have to link a bank account that has over $50 and it sounds a little untrustworthy but it's not it's a big pretty secure company and a lot of people use it and I haven't had problems with it.
What?
Yeah so that at least like your account in cash up or like your bank account?
Okay so you
put money into the cash up account?
Yeah. Yeah that sounds similar. The thing I like about privacy is you can cancel the credit card um Like one merchant was charging me $30 every month even though I canceled and so I just I deleted the credit card and so they couldn't do it anymore. They couldn't even attempt anymore.
Yeah and I don't know if there's a limit on how many credit cards you can make on there but it's nice.
Yeah that's too much, anything
is too much.
Yeah well what were you doing before all of this kind of took place?
Well it sounds like you're taking the right steps and is your hip doing better now that you got to replace?
How long ago did you get it replaced?
Oh that's not that long ago. Yeah.
Well I don't know my half sister had her hip replaced and I mean she's probably about 60 years old and I don't know if it is like specific to the disease you had, but I mean she's able to hike and run and she probably had to replace like last year. So unless like you still have that disease or there's just more damage than just your hip. I'm not a doctor, but I think if you want to walk and run, I totally think you can do it like absolutely.
I get that.
I get that. I understand being scared of pain, that's how
of my life has been in the past few years. So I understand that
don't, for the most part I can walk around my little condo, which I think for two years I used a wheelchair
on my condo. I just couldn't stand up for more than like 30 seconds, like showering hurt so bad. That was the only time I would stand. Um Now I can walk maybe like a 100 ft um every few days if I want to and if I'm feeling good, but if I leave the house, I use a wheelchair almost all the time. Um and I used to take the bus in the wheelchair, can't do that anymore. And I developed like the pain went everywhere, like I had neck in john eyeball pain, I didn't know you could have eyeball pain, it's the dumbest thing. Um so riding the bus was really hard and I kind of just became a hermit and didn't do anything but life is better now. Like, I can hold pens, I can use my eyes, look at stuff so it's better. But I get that feeling you have where you're afraid of like, what's going to happen next? Yeah.
Like, I feel trapped, like isn't I can't change anything. It used to be like if I didn't like something in my life, at least I could take steps to change it or to try to change it. And now it's like, what can I do? I've tried everything, everything hurts to try, I don't have the money to try a lot of these treatments. So it's like, what can I do? And a lot of the time it's just like sitting waiting for the day to pass.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah. I spent a lot of days feeling like that and now, honestly the covid has kind of put a damper on how much I can get out, but I don't mind like the situation right now as much like I'm pretty introverted and I'm like, oh finally everyone stuck inside just like I am awesome. Like I don't feel like I'm the only loser in the world or like the only shouldn.
There's not really anyone to compare yourself to because everyone's in the same situation.
Mhm. They've never been alone before. Yeah.
So,
well, like talk therapy I think is the best thing. I'd say a lot of people could use that right now who are like just not able to stay with themselves. So I think that's probably I don't know, is it helping?
I hope that you find something to occupy you during
this time.
Yeah, I don't know. Like you said you're able to walk your dogs, is there like a
dog park
or
regular park nearby?
It's
Is there anywhere else you could stay any other family?
man, I don't know, I don't know, timeframes but like roommate maybe Is that one bedroom?
I
Yeah that is very true. Yeah it sounds like a stuck place. I get
that.
Um Oh gosh, I like try to make myself go outside going outside, makes me pretty happy. Um Usually that just breaks up the monotony if I catch it, I remember that I just have to change my setting. Um just go anywhere and not being able to drive, you know that's kind of hard. Um
I don't know, I don't I wouldn't say I deal with it in the best way either like I don't have a good answer for that. I just like kind of shrug and wait for another day. Yeah. Oh
I don't know.
Um I said at the time it's a 25 minutes so we've got a minute and a half so let's
let's change the mood. What are you looking for too?
Um And I think at the end of august I'm going camping
um so just an overnight and it sounds like a lot of work just for one night. But yeah, it's a change of scenery, it's something different. Yeah and some fairly cheap so I'm excited for that. I'm not
I'm not excited for winter at all. I love summer so much more winters hard
um In colorado. So
winter is really suck. It's not, I don't mind snow. Um but everything's dead and there's no sun. Like the no son is what really does me and yeah.
Where
are you at
pennsylvania? Is it pretty moderate mostly here?
Well that's colorado. So hoping
to soak it up while it's here. Right?
Yeah. Yeah it sounds like we definitely understand each other a little bit more situations. But
yeah, I appreciate you too. I hope your day's get better in your weeks. I hope
you find
something fun to do.
Yeah. Thank you now. I'm not I'm not sure how to leave honestly. So
let me
because I thought I saw something that um you have to go back to the survey page first but I'll take your word for it. I'll just press X. But anyway, have an awesome day. It's nice talking to you.