It's almost four fucking blogging am on. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Can you text him? No, I'm not allowed to. Yes, you are. What do you want to say is it's incredible that. Never mind.
Yes, I can hear you
honestly. I've never done it on prolific, but I've I've done like chats like this, but I've never been matched up with someone before, So
this
is your life going right now?
Yeah.
What?
Um Well, I can actually relate to you in more than one way. I was recently diagnosed with bipolar and uh it's just been a down world downward spiral, my mom of two kids, and it's just been crazy and I got myself into legal trouble when I was an asthmatic episodes, so it's just like, I don't even know how to cope right now.
People
working
because
it
was
I had a boyfriend of like four years and then things just went like way out of control and now I'm just in a position where I'm trying to put the pieces back together and it's just, I don't even know at this point, like, and then the covid stuff on top of that I want to get out and do things, but everything is closed.
All right. Now I'm just in um like they put me on meds, I was in the hospital twice. Um they put me on meds to stabilize my mood and then I've been on talk therapy and everything and I've just been trying to like walk my dogs and just get on with my life, but it's so hard.
most definitely not. I just feel like so confined and I feel like there's nowhere to go and there's nowhere to turn to and especially now like my friends are all wrapped up in their lives and I'm just I feel like I'm in this battle alone.
I had a therapist that I was seeing like regularly in person and the office like closed down. So now we have to do it like telehealth. So I just put it on like facetime and everything with her.
No.
what other health problems are you dealing with? Crazy? What are you dealing with?
goodness!
How
are you
do that?
That's
just I mean, like, I just feel like even like mentally Having something like physically too, I had problems like that. I had a total replacement. I'm only 24 and I had a total hip replacement because something similar happened back in December and I couldn't walk at all and they couldn't figure out what it was. And I was diagnosed with the disease that was eating away at my bent a vascular necrosis. And I have like a cane and everything here, that it was hard for me to get around. And then it's just like from one thing to another, just constantly like it's always something.
I guess. Well I can look at it as like a break because my ex
um he took my kids with him and I have to fight for custody of them to get them back and everything and I'm in this apartment, it's a two bedroom apartment, my mom staying with me now, but I'm in this big apartment like all by myself and I just feel defeated. Really? Oh.
I just feel like I want to run away and go somewhere, but I can't because I'm stuck and I have like all these legal trouble smell and it's just hard to go with the days passing as far as like support. Like what is your support system like?
That's the one I feel like now all I have is like my mom and all I had to look forward to is my kids. But I mean I don't even have my kids enough. So it's like I feel just cornered everyone
only at his will, his will. Like I have to have permission to facetime them and we have to talk through this app on the court ordered. Um just to make sure that there's no like harassment or whatever. Um Because during my like breakdown, I'll be honest with you and I'll tell you during my breakdown, I was just so upset with him for him like putting me in a psych ward. I was so mad. I called him and I said like, I'll kill you in your sleep. And he took it literal and he went and like press charges and got a P. F. A. And everything. So now it's everything has to be like very closely monitored between him and I and he has like so much control over my life now with the kids. It's unreal. Yeah.
Bad situation.
I think it's september but I'm not really sure. Um I haven't gotten a letter in the mail yet that says like when my second date is but for the meantime like the FIFA is partially lifted so we can have communication about the kids. But that's it. Mhm.
I'm just trying I've been trying to like look myself up with these appointments and like do you do other market research?
There's so many things like that you can do. Um there's a whole bunch of different websites that can give you with like market research, it's like,
I don't know it's kind of like profilic but you'll go on an interview for like an hour at a time and they pay like $125 an
hour.
Yeah there's, it's called, one of them is fine focus groups dot
com. Um And you want to cook on the nationwide tab. Yeah and then when you click on the nationwide tab it will show you like all the active
market research projects that there are. And then another one is uh survey squad.
you can look that up on twitter, you don't have to have an account on twitter. I don't use twitter but I just checked their um I don't know, I just check it like every day to see if there's a new projects and they usually have them a couple times a week.
I
tried mturk, but Amazon went and let me like sign up with the account. I don't know why, but they wouldn't let me with the account and with swag bucks, I definitely relate to that
as
Yeah, my mom signed up for that too and she ended up doing like the trial offers, she never got credit for them, but she was still charged for like the trial offers or whatever and she was like $100 charges because she would forget to cancel them.
I
was she just forgets to cancel them and then whenever she goes to call the merchant about like the support tickets and everything, they're still like, okay, well you're past the cancellation because she realizes it way too late.
And an app,
don't you have to pay like monthly membership fees for that
though? No.
I've heard about cash
up to I just recently end up with cash up and I have like a debit card and I know that they will only pull out the money that's in your account too. So I've heard people using those.
Um It's like cash app bank account
but
yeah through your bank loans but you have to link your bank accounts to it.
Oh my goodness.
I tried something similar to that. I don't remember what it was called but it was just like a an app for like trial subscriptions but you can only use it like three or four times a month. And I was getting to use it like more as I started to get into like swag bucks and sites like that And then I like overused it and then they wanted a membership fee of like $50 a month. And I also forget this
wait
way too much.
I used to be in um, the Marine Corps so that's ready of my problems started with like mental health. I was diagnosed with PTSD and things just kind of escalated. I mean my symptoms were always there, but like we never realized it was like bipolar as well as like these other symptoms and it didn't come out until a couple of weeks ago. But the most recent job that I had was I was working at a bank as a teller and I went on leave, like a short term leave period just because I was struggling with my mental health a couple months ago and then I had that stuff with my hip and now it's mental health again. So like if it's not one thing others, I think that might work,
it's definitely doing better, but it still hurts, like I'm not able to lay on my side like I used to because I'm a side sleeper and it's just really painful and I don't get to do a lot of things that I used to do, like sit in certain positions, but the aching pain and like it was so bad, I couldn't walk at one point, I'm able to walk and get up the stairs and whatnot.
this was back in March.
the doctor told me like it's really devastating to, the doctor told me I would never be able to run again. And I'm on all these like um psych meds and they're making me blow up. Like I used to be 100 and £50 now, I'm pushing like to 20. No.
it's just painful and I'm like scared just because I have so many health problems right now and I'm afraid
if something else goes wrong like that, I'll just be my mental breakdown. Like that will be it.
I don't know.
As far as like getting around now, are you able to get around? Like how do you get around now? Like walking and everything? Yeah.
Everything about
definitely feel that, but I definitely feel like I relate to you in so many different ways because in a way we both feel like trapped. Do you feel trapped? Yeah.
I've had those feelings too. Um My most recent episode of mania, I was
like the symptoms were there, but no one knew what it was until it was too late and I had to be hospitalized. But I was up for like periods of time for like days where I just couldn't sleep. My mind was racing. I was thinking of opening up my own business, doing this, doing that and eventually I just lost my stuff and just went off on my, at the time boyfriend and it ended me up in jail and I was just so depressed. I just wanted the days to end and I would just get so matt, like I would just get angry when the new day would come because I was just so depressed. I wanted the day to end, you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
I used to live my life like that too. Like, especially after having kids, well before I had kids, I was honestly, I was an alcoholic and being in the military and like being through what I went through, I just didn't have any other way to cook for it with it and I just felt like I never wanted to go out really unless it was like drinking or partying or anything. And then once I had kids, I was like kind of shut in and forced to deal with myself, you know, and I felt like everybody without having fun and doing this and doing that and living their lives and then this covid stuff happened and I was still, you know, my kids were still here, we were just shut in together and I didn't feel so alone anymore because I knew everybody else was in the same situation. Okay.
And there's a lot of people to that can't really face themselves during this pandemic.
It's
just hard for me now because I'm so used to having my kids and they're not here anymore and now I'm feeling I'm forced to deal with myself and I don't know what to do.
Yeah, I haven't had talk therapy in a while just because I've been getting out of the psych ward and then I as soon as my treatment was over and the psychiatrist like really smear or whatever, the cops came and literally put me in handcuffs, took me into jail and then I was in jail for a week until I had I went under like a psychological evaluation because I have like I have two court sessions that I have to go to over the next two months. I'm just like so depressed over at all I can do about it now is just laugh. Yeah. What?
So
you haven't trying to read books and then tried everything?
how
did that
happen?
I actually, right before this shot I took them on a walk.
It helps, it helps a little bit. But I don't know it's just it's just hard to live here with like all the memories of like my kids and everything, you know they're not hear anything. I even have like a high chair right behind me. It's like the memories haunt me everywhere I go,
my mom, I'll go over her house a couple of days a week. But at the same like I'm stuck with the financial responsibility of the apartment out to that. He moved out. Yeah.
Two bedroom. It's just so sudden because um I don't know if I'll get like custody of my kids back. I'm hoping I
do but I have to keep the apartment for them and I have to have a bedroom for them in case I do get full custody back.
most
definitely. What do you do on days when you feel like that?
Yeah.
Mhm.
For this, how, what time are we supposed to be on this until, do you know?
We
um there was a book that I recently got off amazon. I'm looking forward to reading that and it's about bipolar because it's so new diagnosis. I just like reading other people's stories. It helps. What are you looking forward to?
Ooh.
You know
what state are you in?
Oh, you guys get hit hard.
I
mean
pennsylvania.
No, it's cold like 3/4 of the year. Mhm.
Well,
it was so nice talking to you and I really appreciate, you know having this time just talking to each other like one on one,
experience and I really appreciated it.
I hope
you,
I hope your day's get better too.
I think
the X button maybe.
Thank you. I hope you do too. Good bye.