SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh huh. Hi can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can. I'm Brandon
SPEAKER_R: I'm Neela
SPEAKER_L: and yet never miss major.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: Have you done these videos threats before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've done them um like twice already,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, awesome. Where you going?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Maryland.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes. Um from Arizona originally but in Colorado right now. Yes. So what you do for work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I work as a pharmacy technician.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You like what you do? Right. Yeah, I'm a heart, I'm in between jobs right now. Uh got laid off about two months ago, but I just accepted an offer with tell um usually on the business side of like software development, so project management type field. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Last so
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: outside of work, what do you like to do?
SPEAKER_R: thank you. I like to watch movies like tv shows, try new food places.
SPEAKER_L: What are your favorite movies? Tv shows?
SPEAKER_R: I don't really have a favorite movie or like tv shows specifically but I just recently finished Umbrella Academy a netflix.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't heard about that. What's what's that about
SPEAKER_R: It's it's kind of like um I think there's um seven kids that get adopted by some strange scientist and they developed
SPEAKER_L: here?
SPEAKER_R: like superpowers. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was a good worth watching, wow, I will. I'm going to put that on my list to do. I mean everything's pretty much closed down in Colorado, so not much else to do athletics there. Yeah, I will put it on my list. Umbrella Academy. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what kind of shows have you seen? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely am into movie was kind of across the board, more action movies. Um, I grew up on like westerns and military movies with my dad. So that's always kind of carried over. But right now we? Re watching parks and rack, um, at this point. But yeah, I'm kind of oppressive board trying to think of, I've watched so much stuff in the last four months and I can't remember any of it. But yeah, my wife and I like watching a lot of things. A lot of the like unsolved mystery type tape documentaries and stuff on the outside. So maybe from Marylander. Wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I actually used to live in florida before I moved to Maryland.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Okay, what part?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's kind of close to Miami.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Okay. So you're much other, I lived in ST Augustine for a few years. Well
SPEAKER_R: I don't know why but the screen kind of just turned black.
SPEAKER_L: on my side.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah your side. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I don't think there's going
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to be,
SPEAKER_R: know this has never happened before like this clinic completely black and I see like a little green circle like that's kind of moving in the background. I'm not sure what that is.
SPEAKER_L: can you see your picture? Okay. Or is it just, that's weird because I can see mine and I can see there's I'm looking to see if there's a way to All right. I'm sort of union I needed you. There's no way to do this.
SPEAKER_R: I think it might just meet my connection and sometimes it goes on and all.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well let me know if it comes back on. I I can I can see everything else clear like it and I didn't try not from my side, so we'll just have to mark down some technical issues. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So how do you like Maryland? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: right now it's been like kind of like a storm like it's raining and it looks like the whole week is going to rain for a while.
SPEAKER_L: I am jealous of that site will certainly get ran out in colorado, but Arizona like the last four or five years, we we had these big monster things that come in. Um that's just massive downpours for, you know, a few weeks until a month. Um and we haven't had those in about four or five months, so it's just been pretty much hot and dry. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: What have you been doing since like Covid originally started?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Good question. So my wife and I moved from Arizona colorado in november. Um and she had she had I came up for a job I'm and so she had to quit her job, so the first few months were just trying to get settled in and and you know we were we we cut back a lot on spending so we didn't get to see a whole lot of the city and all of that and then she got a job and we're like awesome now we get to explore colorado and and go see everything and uh and then like two weeks after everything pretty much got shut down, so
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: we moved
SPEAKER_R: is he?
SPEAKER_L: towards the worst possible time but I've been working on quite a bit of projects lately really, we ended up we're in an apartment at all and we don't get a whole lot of time on a balcony, so we we love gardening and and growing um um you know, herbs and things like that. So we ended up, I ended up converting our second belem into a, like the closet into kind of an indoor garden himself. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: so we've ended up in jail and tomatoes and uh parsley and basil and a whole bunch of things, so that's been quite a bit of what I've been putting my time into, but you know, everything outside is still open and the weather, it's been really nice. So doing a lot of hiking where big afterwards people, so doing a lot of camping hiking, we
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: begin to go into the lakes and doing paddleboarding and kayaking. So a weird mix of being either completely outside all day or pretty much shut in and and just working on kind of like indoor projects and and things that we want to do there. So it's taking its hold over. We're I think we're definitely hearing our point just being really, really, really port at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah me too.
SPEAKER_L: What about you? And he got an exciting
SPEAKER_R: So I think originally when Maryland had its first case that's when I went on like a trip with friends like for as a spring break trip to like L. A. And then when we came back it was like wild like things started closing down. I started um getting notifications from school because I'm currently in pharmacy school and a they were like they cancelled I mean they like postpone everything and there was also like we have like a rotation with like some pharmacies in the area and that also ended up being postponed and everything has been postponed. So like it's hard kind of hard managing that. And yeah I've also kind of started like doing a lot of hiking and like going around places in my area and that's what I've been doing kind of almost every day. And then I've definitely had some time for like like um going to different places in my area. Like I don't think I've ever been to like a Page Farm but that's been one of the things I've been doing just because like I've been trying to like social distance. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: He said apart from,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've never been to a peach farm before.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I had a ringer, I've done like the, you know, go pick your own strawberries and apples and I don't think beachfront report that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. A lot of there's
SPEAKER_L: Think.
SPEAKER_R: actually a few farmers in my area I would say, but not that many. It's more of like a like a small to medium sized city area and I'd have to go like at least an hour to go visit farms and most of the farms, they actually have us book our appointments to like when we want to visit because um they're really trying to limit people visiting due to social distancing and such. Um Yeah, I also have been gardening.
SPEAKER_L: I have it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've I think I've grown a few like cucumbers. Okra and yeah, I think that's it. I do and I'm also took some tomatoes and such.
SPEAKER_L: how's your Okra turnout? I'm a huge joker fan, my mom's midwest, I grew up on fire over and my wife hates it, but I love it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually just use some
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: for lunch today. They're like, they're like pretty long. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: jealous.
SPEAKER_R: they're kind of like those ones at the store I see are pretty small, but these are our long
SPEAKER_L: Really? Oh, that is awesome. So I'm assuming you have a full backyard that in the marketplace so to do your government? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: actually are, My backyard is pretty small, like it's the front yard, that's pretty huge. So we have
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: everything out in the front.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that was um yeah, that's my wife and I are looking in to get to get a house at some point, but that's definitely like our number one priority is to serve the garden in the backyard and be able to do a lot more than I could meet with a tiny look, little indoor closet. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Um And when it gets colder, I think we also have these jasmine flowers and we grow them in the basement when it's like winter.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, what do you, what do you use the jasmine for like more of like tea or?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well um I use it more of like um like making like kind of like a flower crown sort of thing because they smell really nice or like just put them around the house.
SPEAKER_L: Bye. Very cool. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm jealous. Do you have the room to grow all the things that I wish I could
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure you'll get a get a house soon with a nice garden so
SPEAKER_L: period,
SPEAKER_R: you can grow some vegetables and fruits and like all kinds of things.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it's going to feel like people would go with it either forced you into it, so I feel like it's forced most people, I mean I've always, I don't have the greatest guy, but I've always, you know, I think I always eat fairly healthy, uh, at least not fast food every day and all of that, but it's interesting to see the amount of people kind of forced into with, with restaurants closing down or any of that for people to start cooking for themselves
SPEAKER_R: How long?
SPEAKER_L: and really doing a lot of things that my friends that you know nothing but pizza wings every single day, but even they're starting to come from themselves and like learning these little little life traits and all of that toast. It's definitely been an interesting interesting to watch how everyone happened over the last four or five months, depending on where you live. Right?
SPEAKER_R: I definitely didn't have time before to cook, but now I do.
SPEAKER_L: Uh we, we've saved so much money, ambitious. That's one of our bad habits is, is we would eat out way more than, and then we always cook for ourselves, but we ate out way more than what we should. And it's like after after a couple of months of just doing straight cooking for ourselves and ordering food and all that. It's amazing the amount of money that we've been able to just save. Just not not going out. What are you married with other kids and you think that
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm I don't have any kids and
SPEAKER_L: last
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: year?
SPEAKER_R: I I just finished underground last year. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: So, so you're still in school? But I think you said you were working 13 out of a tool working and still going to school? Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm working like part time. So I'd work on like like one week day and like one um one day on the weekend sort of thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We'll give you that's that's uh my wife and I both did that working and go to school at the same time. We worked full time and did school very I called a part time, but it was very part time and just trying to take a couple classes while we're doing that. Um
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: So. Mhm. You like swallow? Do you like going another route? You said you're a pharmacy tech? Yes. Well what got you into that? What was your main driver
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So originally I
SPEAKER_L: one?
SPEAKER_R: was looking into doing research, but I really didn't
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like having to write like so many manuscript and reading them and I could I wanted to like have something that was more interactive ble
SPEAKER_L: There are.
SPEAKER_R: and I started um becoming like a red cross volunteer and I had worked with a lot of patients and I was able to talk to a lot of people so I want to do something more hands on. And then that eventually led me to pharmacy because I find that a lot of people that come into the pharmacy aren't taking the correct medications and they're using them for the wrong
SPEAKER_L: You were.
SPEAKER_R: thing. So I just wanted to play a big role in helping with patient education.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Yeah. I had a I had a friend who studies available on prolific here that God. So yeah, I had a friend that women and she wanted to become a doctor and so she went over uh she did her her her her four years in the university and then went to med school and she ended up getting she decided she didn't want to be a doctor anymore. She wanted to go into research. So she switched, she pivoted and then started going to school for research and all of that. And by the end of it she absolutely hated it. And she was like that was probably one of the worst decisions
SPEAKER_R: You know that
SPEAKER_L: I've ever
SPEAKER_R: word?
SPEAKER_L: made. So yeah, I understand where you're at on that one and I think she fell into the same thing. She thought it would be amazing and and better ended up getting into it and she was like, I wish I did more hands on approach to it instead of research. So I think you made a good choice at least hopefully for you
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: and I wish you the best of luck on. Uh
SPEAKER_R: you. Um also I found that Covid has been like a played a really big part I've heard from like people that are almost close to finishing the program that, so like our last year school will be like clinical rotations in different kind of locations. Like there's like government research, the hospital, retail pharmacies like CVS and having those be like postponed or cancelled has played like a big role in her arm um are like our graduation. So if we don't finish like a certain number of hours, we're not gonna be able to graduate sort of thing.
SPEAKER_L: come off.
SPEAKER_R: I never was aware of that until things started happening.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I didn't even, I didn't even think about that. My mom is a high school teacher, so you know, I feel for the kids that, you know, they have to do online schooling and all of that. But my brother was a P. A. P. A. So when he was in school he had his rotations but I never even thought about that especially with students and whatever realm that you're in love, your
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: rotations could be cancelled and and people just either a they don't they can't have you into where they they need to add or they just don't have time because they're so busy with everything going on that they're just not able to take someone you know kind of under their
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: wing
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: to kind
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: of walk.
SPEAKER_R: also having the social distancing kind of limits the number of students that places can take not to and um and I just had more of an understanding of my program specifically like I need these clinical ours too um qualify to take the certification exam to become a pharmacist and I just have been more aware of things just from having this issue happened.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's crazy how old this has changed everything. Well
SPEAKER_R: and in a few weeks I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: actually have to go in person to for some of my classes it's almost
SPEAKER_L: you are you on site are you? I just want to see somebody and and talking to them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um So I'm not really completely sure, it's like they've been pretty vague about things but they've just given our schedule and saying um these are the days you're gonna be coming in person, these are the days you're gonna be doing online. I think it's going to be like a regular class where but instead of everyone sitting super close to each other will be like spread apart, so like only it's it's at half capacity um And then it's gonna be between two
SPEAKER_L: they bring
SPEAKER_R: rooms.
SPEAKER_L: on the schedule like you know but you come in whatever days and then the rest of the days are online and then the other people are opposite of it, just to keep
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: class sizes down I said, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it's basically the class is going to happen like every other week. So
SPEAKER_L: different. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's because we there were sharing the classrooms
SPEAKER_L: little people,
SPEAKER_R: with upperclassmen since it's like kind of a small space, it's like it's like right next to a hospital and that are, the building is kind of where we have our classes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What a question for it with everything going on with Covid, it's, it's interesting to see both sides of things. Do you feel your, you feel like your life has changed for the better, the worst or maybe kind of a mix in between those of some things are better, some things are worse.
SPEAKER_R: I think probably for the worst, I don't, I feel like I haven't been retaining any information from school, just like learning at home with all these distractions and and actually um
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I find my house there's like a construction always going on in the morning. That's kind of annoying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes it top, it's um yeah, I was, I was talking about this the other day with, so it was interesting to see how in the beginning, when everyone gets shut down and everybody was working for. No, I work for a very large company And it was interesting to see because I love working remote and the new job that I took as 100% remote, which is what I've always wanted, um
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: most of my jobs I could I could come into the office or I could work remote. Um there's kind of a balance there, but it was like, I felt like anyone that had a definitely kids I don't have kids was like, absolutely hate this. Um you know, I want to go back to the office, I um but the other thing was not having a dedicated workspace was the other big issue with a lot of, of not having your own office if you had to work out, you know, on your coffee table in the living room. Um that was that was a big one, it's been interesting to see, especially just online and all of that, of reading through posts and threads and things like that were in the beginning. People are like, I absolutely love this. It's been great for my mental health and you know, just, I don't have to travel an hour into work or you know, I spend more time at work or doing the things that I want, I can take a quick break, go do things around the house and then after a few months of it, it's kind of pivoting ntv, this is probably being worse on the mental health at this point, I'm so bored, there's nothing to do. And it's like, you watch that kind of peak and that plateau and it's just dropped off where I think most people are just so bored at this point and over, I think it's, it's been are negative and so, you know, people just wear their masks, you know, do the minimum basic thing that they could do, but
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever had a situation
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: where there's people around you that aren't wearing mask or anything?
SPEAKER_L: um so I haven't ran into the like the videos you see online all the time, not like people yelling at employees and screaming about my rights and things like this. Um but it drives me crazy with the people that put them under their nose or like I've seen people live, pull it down to like cough or sneeze and it's just cycles. It is the exact opposite of what you're supposed to do and why I'm wearing
SPEAKER_R: That's my
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: goal.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I haven't run into like many awful situations, but people, people being way too close together without wearing masks and colorado. Now it's um when they originally started, they didn't really early and I think his wife, our numbers are so low with also having kind of a fairly small population bro, Papacy is, but um
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: they didn't really early mask mandates and then they tapered off a little bit and said okay if the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: business, if the business wants to enforce it, that's fine. Uh and then all of the states around it started spiking back up and I think 23 weeks
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: ago they made it back to a mandate of a state mandate. Words if you're, you can go to a restaurant, you know, social distance and split the tables and you know, spread it about, but they closed back down the bars and then and they have a statewide max mandate. If you go into a business, you have to wear a mask. So if you sit down at a restaurant or something like that, you can obviously take it off to eat and all that. But if you go to the bathroom, if you go to go over
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: beer or something like that, you have to put it back on and and I found Colorado is pretty, pretty good about that. Um My
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: wife and I visited family probably about a week or two ago in Arizona and I found That most of the people down in Arizona really 5050.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like they did the absolute bare minimum
SPEAKER_R: Commission
SPEAKER_L: to just have not someone yell at you. And then even that most of the time
SPEAKER_R: how?
SPEAKER_L: most of the businesses didn't care or so
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: interesting. I've had issues about people wearing them in the pharmacy. Like they they usually say they have some kind of health condition, but they really didn't have to um like coming to the pharmacy because nowadays we're doing like mail orders
SPEAKER_L: what you can do. I don't know if you guys
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: have a drive through the window, but I see the drive through window when I need to get it from scratch. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Even
SPEAKER_L: think we're I think we're under 25 and more than happy to hear him
SPEAKER_R: we are.
SPEAKER_L: if you want. We can end it not to put it on you but you.
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah, I mean we're done, we're at 25 minutes and
SPEAKER_L: And I hope,
SPEAKER_R: I think with um screen still didn't like change or anything that was still black.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's what not on my side. I didn't shut anything down or do anything on my side
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: so strange. It's like completely black and there's like this green ball that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: keeps appearing in the corner every time you say something.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. I promise. I didn't change any settings or block my camera. Anything, wow. Right. And it was an apologist. I'm all full
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: names of vanilla. Right. It was very nice to meet you. And I wish you the best and the rest of your schooling. Um I hope you can get everything done and and uh start uh start working full time. They're going to want to through,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. And I it was nice meeting you and I hope you get a garden soon where you can plant lots of
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: you. And good luck with your uh in the future.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thanks. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a good day.