Yeah, I can. I'm Brandon
and yet never miss major.
Have you done these videos threats before?
Okay, awesome. Where you going?
Oh yes. Um from Arizona originally but in Colorado right now. Yes. So what you do for work? Yeah.
Okay. You like what you do? Right. Yeah, I'm a heart, I'm in between jobs right now. Uh got laid off about two months ago, but I just accepted an offer with tell um usually on the business side of like software development, so project management type field. Mhm.
Last so
outside of work, what do you like to do?
What are your favorite movies? Tv shows?
I haven't heard about that. What's what's that about
here?
It was a good worth watching, wow, I will. I'm going to put that on my list to do. I mean everything's pretty much closed down in Colorado, so not much else to do athletics there. Yeah, I will put it on my list. Umbrella Academy. Okay. Yeah.
I definitely am into movie was kind of across the board, more action movies. Um, I grew up on like westerns and military movies with my dad. So that's always kind of carried over. But right now we? Re watching parks and rack, um, at this point. But yeah, I'm kind of oppressive board trying to think of, I've watched so much stuff in the last four months and I can't remember any of it. But yeah, my wife and I like watching a lot of things. A lot of the like unsolved mystery type tape documentaries and stuff on the outside. So maybe from Marylander. Wow.
Mm. Okay, what part?
Uh huh. Okay. So you're much other, I lived in ST Augustine for a few years. Well
on my side.
I don't think there's going
to be,
can you see your picture? Okay. Or is it just, that's weird because I can see mine and I can see there's I'm looking to see if there's a way to All right. I'm sort of union I needed you. There's no way to do this.
Okay. Well let me know if it comes back on. I I can I can see everything else clear like it and I didn't try not from my side, so we'll just have to mark down some technical issues. Uh huh.
Yeah.
So how do you like Maryland? Uh huh.
I am jealous of that site will certainly get ran out in colorado, but Arizona like the last four or five years, we we had these big monster things that come in. Um that's just massive downpours for, you know, a few weeks until a month. Um and we haven't had those in about four or five months, so it's just been pretty much hot and dry. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Good question. So my wife and I moved from Arizona colorado in november. Um and she had she had I came up for a job I'm and so she had to quit her job, so the first few months were just trying to get settled in and and you know we were we we cut back a lot on spending so we didn't get to see a whole lot of the city and all of that and then she got a job and we're like awesome now we get to explore colorado and and go see everything and uh and then like two weeks after everything pretty much got shut down, so
we moved
towards the worst possible time but I've been working on quite a bit of projects lately really, we ended up we're in an apartment at all and we don't get a whole lot of time on a balcony, so we we love gardening and and growing um um you know, herbs and things like that. So we ended up, I ended up converting our second belem into a, like the closet into kind of an indoor garden himself. Yeah,
so we've ended up in jail and tomatoes and uh parsley and basil and a whole bunch of things, so that's been quite a bit of what I've been putting my time into, but you know, everything outside is still open and the weather, it's been really nice. So doing a lot of hiking where big afterwards people, so doing a lot of camping hiking, we
begin to go into the lakes and doing paddleboarding and kayaking. So a weird mix of being either completely outside all day or pretty much shut in and and just working on kind of like indoor projects and and things that we want to do there. So it's taking its hold over. We're I think we're definitely hearing our point just being really, really, really port at this point.
What about you? And he got an exciting
He said apart from,
I don't think I had a ringer, I've done like the, you know, go pick your own strawberries and apples and I don't think beachfront report that's pretty cool.
Think.
I have it.
how's your Okra turnout? I'm a huge joker fan, my mom's midwest, I grew up on fire over and my wife hates it, but I love it.
Well,
I'm
jealous.
Really? Oh, that is awesome. So I'm assuming you have a full backyard that in the marketplace so to do your government? Yeah.
No.
Oh, that was um yeah, that's my wife and I are looking in to get to get a house at some point, but that's definitely like our number one priority is to serve the garden in the backyard and be able to do a lot more than I could meet with a tiny look, little indoor closet. Okay.
Okay, what do you, what do you use the jasmine for like more of like tea or?
Bye. Very cool. Okay,
I'm jealous. Do you have the room to grow all the things that I wish I could
period,
You know, it's going to feel like people would go with it either forced you into it, so I feel like it's forced most people, I mean I've always, I don't have the greatest guy, but I've always, you know, I think I always eat fairly healthy, uh, at least not fast food every day and all of that, but it's interesting to see the amount of people kind of forced into with, with restaurants closing down or any of that for people to start cooking for themselves
and really doing a lot of things that my friends that you know nothing but pizza wings every single day, but even they're starting to come from themselves and like learning these little little life traits and all of that toast. It's definitely been an interesting interesting to watch how everyone happened over the last four or five months, depending on where you live. Right?
Uh we, we've saved so much money, ambitious. That's one of our bad habits is, is we would eat out way more than, and then we always cook for ourselves, but we ate out way more than what we should. And it's like after after a couple of months of just doing straight cooking for ourselves and ordering food and all that. It's amazing the amount of money that we've been able to just save. Just not not going out. What are you married with other kids and you think that
last
year?
Well, congratulations.
So, so you're still in school? But I think you said you were working 13 out of a tool working and still going to school? Uh huh. Mhm.
We'll give you that's that's uh my wife and I both did that working and go to school at the same time. We worked full time and did school very I called a part time, but it was very part time and just trying to take a couple classes while we're doing that. Um
So. Mhm. You like swallow? Do you like going another route? You said you're a pharmacy tech? Yes. Well what got you into that? What was your main driver
one?
What?
There are.
You were.
That's awesome. Yeah. I had a I had a friend who studies available on prolific here that God. So yeah, I had a friend that women and she wanted to become a doctor and so she went over uh she did her her her her four years in the university and then went to med school and she ended up getting she decided she didn't want to be a doctor anymore. She wanted to go into research. So she switched, she pivoted and then started going to school for research and all of that. And by the end of it she absolutely hated it. And she was like that was probably one of the worst decisions
I've ever
made. So yeah, I understand where you're at on that one and I think she fell into the same thing. She thought it would be amazing and and better ended up getting into it and she was like, I wish I did more hands on approach to it instead of research. So I think you made a good choice at least hopefully for you
and I wish you the best of luck on. Uh
come off.
Yeah. I didn't even, I didn't even think about that. My mom is a high school teacher, so you know, I feel for the kids that, you know, they have to do online schooling and all of that. But my brother was a P. A. P. A. So when he was in school he had his rotations but I never even thought about that especially with students and whatever realm that you're in love, your
rotations could be cancelled and and people just either a they don't they can't have you into where they they need to add or they just don't have time because they're so busy with everything going on that they're just not able to take someone you know kind of under their
wing
to kind
of walk.
Yeah that's crazy how old this has changed everything. Well
what?
you are you on site are you? I just want to see somebody and and talking to them.
they bring
on the schedule like you know but you come in whatever days and then the rest of the days are online and then the other people are opposite of it, just to keep
class sizes down I said, Yeah.
different. Mhm.
little people,
What a question for it with everything going on with Covid, it's, it's interesting to see both sides of things. Do you feel your, you feel like your life has changed for the better, the worst or maybe kind of a mix in between those of some things are better, some things are worse.
and
Yeah, that makes it top, it's um yeah, I was, I was talking about this the other day with, so it was interesting to see how in the beginning, when everyone gets shut down and everybody was working for. No, I work for a very large company And it was interesting to see because I love working remote and the new job that I took as 100% remote, which is what I've always wanted, um
most of my jobs I could I could come into the office or I could work remote. Um there's kind of a balance there, but it was like, I felt like anyone that had a definitely kids I don't have kids was like, absolutely hate this. Um you know, I want to go back to the office, I um but the other thing was not having a dedicated workspace was the other big issue with a lot of, of not having your own office if you had to work out, you know, on your coffee table in the living room. Um that was that was a big one, it's been interesting to see, especially just online and all of that, of reading through posts and threads and things like that were in the beginning. People are like, I absolutely love this. It's been great for my mental health and you know, just, I don't have to travel an hour into work or you know, I spend more time at work or doing the things that I want, I can take a quick break, go do things around the house and then after a few months of it, it's kind of pivoting ntv, this is probably being worse on the mental health at this point, I'm so bored, there's nothing to do. And it's like, you watch that kind of peak and that plateau and it's just dropped off where I think most people are just so bored at this point and over, I think it's, it's been are negative and so, you know, people just wear their masks, you know, do the minimum basic thing that they could do, but
what,
um so I haven't ran into the like the videos you see online all the time, not like people yelling at employees and screaming about my rights and things like this. Um but it drives me crazy with the people that put them under their nose or like I've seen people live, pull it down to like cough or sneeze and it's just cycles. It is the exact opposite of what you're supposed to do and why I'm wearing
it.
Um So I haven't run into like many awful situations, but people, people being way too close together without wearing masks and colorado. Now it's um when they originally started, they didn't really early and I think his wife, our numbers are so low with also having kind of a fairly small population bro, Papacy is, but um
they didn't really early mask mandates and then they tapered off a little bit and said okay if the
business, if the business wants to enforce it, that's fine. Uh and then all of the states around it started spiking back up and I think 23 weeks
ago they made it back to a mandate of a state mandate. Words if you're, you can go to a restaurant, you know, social distance and split the tables and you know, spread it about, but they closed back down the bars and then and they have a statewide max mandate. If you go into a business, you have to wear a mask. So if you sit down at a restaurant or something like that, you can obviously take it off to eat and all that. But if you go to the bathroom, if you go to go over
beer or something like that, you have to put it back on and and I found Colorado is pretty, pretty good about that. Um My
wife and I visited family probably about a week or two ago in Arizona and I found That most of the people down in Arizona really 5050.
It's like they did the absolute bare minimum
to just have not someone yell at you. And then even that most of the time
most of the businesses didn't care or so
what?
what you can do. I don't know if you guys
have a drive through the window, but I see the drive through window when I need to get it from scratch. Mhm.
I
think we're I think we're under 25 and more than happy to hear him
if you want. We can end it not to put it on you but you.
And I hope,
Okay that's what not on my side. I didn't shut anything down or do anything on my side
so,
It's
interesting. I promise. I didn't change any settings or block my camera. Anything, wow. Right. And it was an apologist. I'm all full
names of vanilla. Right. It was very nice to meet you. And I wish you the best and the rest of your schooling. Um I hope you can get everything done and and uh start uh start working full time. They're going to want to through,
Thank
you. And good luck with your uh in the future.
All right. Have a good day.