Mhm. Uh huh. Hi can you hear me?
I'm Neela
nice to meet you too.
Yeah I've done them um like twice already,
I'm from Maryland.
I work as a pharmacy technician.
Yeah.
No
thank you. I like to watch movies like tv shows, try new food places.
I don't really have a favorite movie or like tv shows specifically but I just recently finished Umbrella Academy a netflix.
It's it's kind of like um I think there's um seven kids that get adopted by some strange scientist and they developed
like superpowers. Yeah.
So what kind of shows have you seen? Mhm.
Yeah I actually used to live in florida before I moved to Maryland.
Um It's kind of close to Miami.
I don't know why but the screen kind of just turned black.
Yeah your side. Yeah. Yeah
I
know this has never happened before like this clinic completely black and I see like a little green circle like that's kind of moving in the background. I'm not sure what that is.
I think it might just meet my connection and sometimes it goes on and all.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
right now it's been like kind of like a storm like it's raining and it looks like the whole week is going to rain for a while.
What have you been doing since like Covid originally started?
How
is he?
That's pretty cool.
I see.
Yeah me too.
So I think originally when Maryland had its first case that's when I went on like a trip with friends like for as a spring break trip to like L. A. And then when we came back it was like wild like things started closing down. I started um getting notifications from school because I'm currently in pharmacy school and a they were like they cancelled I mean they like postpone everything and there was also like we have like a rotation with like some pharmacies in the area and that also ended up being postponed and everything has been postponed. So like it's hard kind of hard managing that. And yeah I've also kind of started like doing a lot of hiking and like going around places in my area and that's what I've been doing kind of almost every day. And then I've definitely had some time for like like um going to different places in my area. Like I don't think I've ever been to like a Page Farm but that's been one of the things I've been doing just because like I've been trying to like social distance. Yeah.
Yeah. I've never been to a peach farm before.
Yeah. A lot of there's
actually a few farmers in my area I would say, but not that many. It's more of like a like a small to medium sized city area and I'd have to go like at least an hour to go visit farms and most of the farms, they actually have us book our appointments to like when we want to visit because um they're really trying to limit people visiting due to social distancing and such. Um Yeah, I also have been gardening.
Yeah, I've I think I've grown a few like cucumbers. Okra and yeah, I think that's it. I do and I'm also took some tomatoes and such.
Yeah, I actually just use some
for lunch today. They're like, they're like pretty long. Mhm.
Like
they're kind of like those ones at the store I see are pretty small, but these are our long
actually are, My backyard is pretty small, like it's the front yard, that's pretty huge. So we have
everything out in the front.
Um And when it gets colder, I think we also have these jasmine flowers and we grow them in the basement when it's like winter.
Um Well um I use it more of like um like making like kind of like a flower crown sort of thing because they smell really nice or like just put them around the house.
What?
I'm sure you'll get a get a house soon with a nice garden so
you can grow some vegetables and fruits and like all kinds of things.
How long?
I definitely didn't have time before to cook, but now I do.
No, I'm I don't have any kids and
like
I I just finished underground last year. Yeah.
Thanks.
I'm working like part time. So I'd work on like like one week day and like one um one day on the weekend sort of thing. Yeah.
huh.
Yeah. So originally I
was looking into doing research, but I really didn't
like having to write like so many manuscript and reading them and I could I wanted to like have something that was more interactive ble
and I started um becoming like a red cross volunteer and I had worked with a lot of patients and I was able to talk to a lot of people so I want to do something more hands on. And then that eventually led me to pharmacy because I find that a lot of people that come into the pharmacy aren't taking the correct medications and they're using them for the wrong
thing. So I just wanted to play a big role in helping with patient education.
You know that
word?
Thank
you. Um also I found that Covid has been like a played a really big part I've heard from like people that are almost close to finishing the program that, so like our last year school will be like clinical rotations in different kind of locations. Like there's like government research, the hospital, retail pharmacies like CVS and having those be like postponed or cancelled has played like a big role in her arm um are like our graduation. So if we don't finish like a certain number of hours, we're not gonna be able to graduate sort of thing.
I never was aware of that until things started happening.
correct.
You
know
and
also having the social distancing kind of limits the number of students that places can take not to and um and I just had more of an understanding of my program specifically like I need these clinical ours too um qualify to take the certification exam to become a pharmacist and I just have been more aware of things just from having this issue happened.
and in a few weeks I
actually have to go in person to for some of my classes it's almost
Yeah. Um So I'm not really completely sure, it's like they've been pretty vague about things but they've just given our schedule and saying um these are the days you're gonna be coming in person, these are the days you're gonna be doing online. I think it's going to be like a regular class where but instead of everyone sitting super close to each other will be like spread apart, so like only it's it's at half capacity um And then it's gonna be between two
rooms.
Thanks.
and it's basically the class is going to happen like every other week. So
that's because we there were sharing the classrooms
with upperclassmen since it's like kind of a small space, it's like it's like right next to a hospital and that are, the building is kind of where we have our classes. Yeah.
I think probably for the worst, I don't, I feel like I haven't been retaining any information from school, just like learning at home with all these distractions and and actually um
I find my house there's like a construction always going on in the morning. That's kind of annoying.
I am.
Have you ever had a situation
where there's people around you that aren't wearing mask or anything?
That's my
goal.
Thank you.
No.
True.
All right.
What?
Yeah.
Commission
how?
That's
interesting. I've had issues about people wearing them in the pharmacy. Like they they usually say they have some kind of health condition, but they really didn't have to um like coming to the pharmacy because nowadays we're doing like mail orders
well.
mm.
Even
we are.
Um yeah, I mean we're done, we're at 25 minutes and
I think with um screen still didn't like change or anything that was still black.
It's
so strange. It's like completely black and there's like this green ball that
keeps appearing in the corner every time you say something.
All
Thank you. And I it was nice meeting you and I hope you get a garden soon where you can plant lots of
stuff.
Yeah. Thanks. Bye.