Hello. How are you
you all right? Yeah. How is everything going? Where you are?
Yeah, 76° here in Boston.
Yeah, but how is it there?
Yeah. Kind of a crazy November here. Usually supposed to be like in the 50s or 40s so
called something like that. So
have you donate these before?
Yeah I've
done a few
months myself.
are. Uh
they're not bad. Did uh I had a few last time, few over the summer. Give another shot.
now
I've had yeah I've had I talked to a kid
like an 18 year old kid, once guy um talk to You know people are on my age in the 30s, people older
uh men, women. It has to be time that probably aren't them. I mean it probably aren't that many people in an individual time slot so.
Yeah I think that uh it's more likely because you don't actually, there's no you don't really provide any meaningful information on these things. You know, you just say, hey yeah, feeling great, good. Uh Sometimes yes, sometimes sometimes sometimes some of the time, so I mean it's not allowed to really go with and you certainly wouldn't have, you know, you certainly don't say working disabilities and to say, you know. So I think. Yeah.
Yeah. I think the only information they get is the information you put in the survey which isn't a lot, I think
paralympic
go
ahead.
No,
you know, asked a lot of questions but I think they're the ones who use that information. Not not mr uh what's his name?
Andrew, what's his name? Yeah, I don't think Andrews, well, nick Andrews asking about uh this Yeah,
I mean he just has the same template he uses over and over and you know, it's just all about, do you feel left out, do you feel lonely? Do you feel this way? You know? And I think that's kind of what their research is about analysing whether people are lonely or not,
but
Now everybody is in that boat.
Kind of crazy. Um,
how you liking prolific itself?
Yeah, I don't know. I think so. I think prolific the people who run the website are in the UK, but I think the people who run the surveys could be like anywhere,
me
Why?
yeah, I do, you know, I've had, you know, me and pretty good I guess, uh,
you know, like, Can be like $100 a week sometimes.
And
I mean, I do this as hobby money essentially. Um, I don't, uh, you know, just guilt free side money as opposed to full time wage replacement type deal. I
used to work
out, I was after the O A. Crisis. I graduated in 07 from college and up to the O A crisis. I mean the unemployment deal was so bad that I was doing these kinds of things is kind of a way to feel better because I was like, I was like, yeah, my long term prospects seemed a little dour but uh, I don't know. So every once in a while I kind of come back to it and I'm like, all right. Uh
let me
give it
another spot.
I've had tons of moments of addiction to, of this kind of thing can drive it can drive me nuts. Uh because you're checking your, checking it all the time.
Yeah.
that
what is this, was it called?
I have
that out on also.
It is, yeah, it is uh it's good it does help a lot with that. Um prolific is not a big one for me.
I do maybe like $10 a week on it
but
most
yeah I do a lot of user testing also.
I
Yeah. Yeah I've had times where like it's it's broken. I mean I don't know I just err on the side of just tossing it back if it's broken. Uh huh.
I
mean
for those especially if you like do you do the live conversations too? Yeah those are those are pretty good. I had one earlier today.
Oh yeah. Was it? What was your design?
Yeah I was just
I was uh CVS just basically like how to pick up prescriptions and stuff.
I had I had one where I had to play a game but then my sound my voice disabled in the middle of it. So I just said okay this broke, sorry and I tossed it back.
It sucked. It was only was only one of the $10 ones though.
I hate those. Um I mean I had ones where it's like
I've
had one that was 25 minutes. I mean it still $10-10 for 25 minutes in your free time is still pretty good. But I'm like, oh come on, you gotta be kidding. They have evaluated evaluated eight antivirus products. I've had enough. But uh yeah, I mean I always I have to admit I haven't always told the truth on like amazon turk or some on surveys, you know in general by user testing. I always do because it's so uncomfortable to be talking about something you don't know anything about.
That
yeah, I mean that's kind of my philosophy. Yeah. Do focus. I
started doing focus groups again to the same kind of philosophy. I mean when I was like uh Underemployed, I just, I try to get into everything like that, but it's just, it's so awkward to try to
talk
about stuff you don't know anything about.
yeah. The auto fill the double arrow. I think the tough one is if they want you to write a paragraph, but who you want to have dinner with or something that would be like, I want to have dinner with Abraham Lincoln. I want to know what he would have to say about the current, you know, like anything. Um and sometimes that works, but uh yeah,
like it's just, it's too weird to not be talking or something you're knowledgeable about. Like I did want about 401 Ks recently. Uh coke. Uh
writing,
oh coke the drink.
I was a good one. Um
It's true. I was surprised at how few people actually had in the group for it, given that like really only four people. Yeah, I got,
yeah, I have one, I have one right next to me, so It's a little late. I mean it's for, it's for 15 here, whatever. Mm
I mean relatively speaking, but it's still like 4.5 hours away.
Yeah, I mean it looks close on a map, but uh if you find a friend who was in new york, uh
I ain't saying I'm too often.
Yeah, I know all year is in the south, people drive a lot more and so like things like distance are a lot more fluid than they are here,
like.
Well,
yeah. Uh numbers, massachusetts were down all summer. Uh and then they now they started shooting back up over the past few weeks
mm
it's good. That's good.
Yeah, I mean,
I mean the answer those things is yeah, I guess what? Well then you start talking about positivity rates. Yeah.
I get it. Right.
Well, is he still feeling
it?
So
now
at
least we're
path
at least we're past the oil. It's a hoax thing.
Yeah, that's yeah, that's like the big thing. You might not get sick the second time, but you can definitely
pass with other people still and
I know that's what that's the
hard part about it I didn't want to ask. So. So it sounds like you're not a trump fan. Which is good because you never you never know when I never know with anybody with regardless of state.
But but I am curious though so ah what was the deal with Amy McGrath?
I mean I understand she was not a good candidate for a lot of reasons but like what happened there?
No
it's
not.
I don't think so either. Uh The only the only thing that was interesting rather
crazy is just how much money she raised. Um And just how that doesn't translate to any meaningful impact at all.
so they actually
had
one House seat I guess. Was it
so bitch?
now
love
yeah people of governors but they don't like D. C. People I guess that's how it is.
Yeah this is a this particular election is crazy. Uh you gotta have like 150 million voters essentially. Something like that, which is insane to think about. Um that's like God, like 20, million more than in 2016. Uh
and it was still pretty red uh kinda
uh so I don't know.
Yeah, I was an interesting night
I mean, I won't be happy until like they get the photograph of of like the agents dragging them out kicking and street screaming and you see the photograph unlike all the newspapers, like all the magazines everywhere and it becomes like an iconic like photograph of like of the 20, so like you'll see it in like history books, like people drag him out. Yeah, that would be his legacy really for half the country anyways,
so
but
oh, I want it so bad, but I don't know. I
know he's he's
fine.
I mean, it makes me a little nervous but whatever I mean, you know I mean.
Yeah I think you know everything when it comes to mitch McConnell just it makes me so mad uh Just because I saw him say like yesterday's like oh well you know uh it's not clear that biden has actually won something like that and I'm like oh man just fucking drop dead please.
I mean what does he what does mitch McConnell want in life? I mean
that's like
I mean
no it's just power for its own mistake but to what end?
man I want
to.
the timers
timer is up. I was very curious though to get your thoughts on Kentucky politics. So we went a little over but nice talking to you.
I mean he always runs against the worst candidates. Who was the 16 years ago, I forget her name but
she was
like she wouldn't she
wouldn't even admit she voted for Obama. That's the only thing I remember about her.
Yeah that was it, that was it. I
think that was
it.
Yeah I mean it's like come on uh if you want if you're trying to if you're trying to out conservative mitch McConnell it's a losing you know strategy because I mean look we have like okay what's the alternative you're not gonna go conservative them
so.
Yeah I mean given I still know where she would have you know Come come even within 10 points right still
so
I think the other one that like that was worse like I mean I never expected Mitch McConnell will lose 2020 no matter what happened
um You know unless it was like you know I mean I can't even I don't even think it's possible. Um But I mean main was more frustrating to me because I mean come on, come on. I mean Susan Collins says no business being there at this point, she's either gonna should either be primary doubt or voted out in the general and obviously she just won a general
but
she doesn't represent anybody. Uh
Well she did I mean it's
just
mean it's just there's
no
Mhm. I mean I guess she's got about a power base among their even among the conservatives there for whatever reason. But you know it seems weird to me
and you know it's too bad because there's no way I don't see any way that the democrats take the Senate as it currently stands, I don't think they're going to win those two Georgia run offs.
Oh I mean I don't think this anyway,
my, just, my gut feeling tells me that starting now people
are going to start tuning out more and more and more and more um
and those people
are going to start going to come out for in january for a Democratic candidate.
Air
yeah and all the other people, all the, all the red voters are going to be fired up like hell to enact their uh, you know, will on the system again and so with that dynamic going on, I don't see how ah
how they, how they, how they win.
So
Yeah, one of them is
Jon
Ossoff
who
was like
a total, who was, remember him from 2017,
he ran, he basically ran in the first high profile special election after trump won um in the house race and he ran against a terrible candidate and he lost. And so yeah, now he gets to go for another run off. So, I mean, you know, he
ran
terrible.
Georgia does it? Uh I guess they do it I guess they do it for the I mean, I don't I don't I don't know the answer, but I know
now.
Yeah, well, I guess with that, I mean, I guess that would be a done deal. So that there would be it would be, any question would be to Republicans I think will be two Republican Senate seats right off the bat. Um Well, I guess, you know, I guess, you know, you would know, I guess the only difference would be at least there will be certainty now that there is not going to be a Democratic majority. And I guess for the people, you know, raise a lot of who spend money there, you know, I guess, you know, they don't waste their money, I guess.
yeah, I mean, I don't know, in general, this was like the most, I just felt this was such a pyrrhic victory for biden.
Um, and he won, uh, but he certainly didn't win big. He certainly should have, you know, a
person running against trump should have won a lot bigger. Um, I don't know if winning bigger was really possible. I mean, realistically, I've given how high turnout was, you know, I mean, who else, who else, realistically is going to vote? And the numbers that needed to matter at this point? I mean, this is going to go down already is like the most high highest turnout election and the modern and modern times.
And by modern
times, I mean, literally post industrial
times
Make at least since 1900.
And that's
crazy. You're not gonna get you're not going to get higher turnout again, like this uh
in a generation a sanctuary. So where do you go from here? I just, I mean for me, I just, I just think it's a cult of person that trump trump being cult of personality. Not everybody is going to have a trumpian burst cult of personality. Um and the the purpose and the cult of personality goes a really long way because I think that what happens, um and in this race and
it is to politics now, is that politics for so many people are so divorced from having any sort of tangible meaning in their lives that just becomes like a spectacle. And if you don't really associate politics is having any direct consequence in your life, then the cult of personality is going to have a certain appeal to you. Uh even if economically it shouldn't, you know, that's how I that's how that's how I can reconcile the fact that
uh trump did
so much better among minorities. Even then he just last time, you know,
just
but I don't know if that's you know, So you know, maybe like Tom Cotton or whoever in 2024, Um or whoever the Republican nominee is won't have that cult of personality and they'll just be running on it will be like 2012 again, you know, just running on uh ideal, you know Democrats don't always run a good class warfare campaign and but in 2012 they kind of were forced to just because of Romney who he was and look how it turned out, it was amazing, you know?
So
So
bad,
so
bad.
Pretty.
Well
I
mean
the leadership sucks, the
leadership, the leadership only cares about perpetuating itself at this point. And that's not a good thing. Um Like I don't think that, I mean you know that's a policy is one thing. But I mean I mean she's terrible. Uh
mean some, you know, not old people. Old people are like, you know the same. Like some I mean energetic old person who is dynamic and has
like
Like
I
thought harry,
like I thought harry Reid was a much more effective Senate leader then what's the space currently of humor? I mean schumer tumor stocks. Harry Reid was great in the sense that he would he lied about trump's mean he lied about Romney's tax returns. I mean that's like that was a bold play. Like you don't I schumer doesn't do anything. No.
I know.
Yeah. I mean, you know the comment I guess, you know,
it's
inevitable.
The last candidate was not a good candidate. He was very
problematic. I did not like him one bit.
Kennedy.
Yeah, he lost in the primary september because I mean, he he was not he was he was out of touch. He was more out of touch
than
I mean, all right,
young enough, I guess. But
Well, that's why they they asked him like what why are you running? He's like uh because of my family,
he didn't he couldn't he couldn't give up, he couldn't
give a good answer. So we just defaulted to that. He's
you know
what?
Yeah, he's uh
you
know, he's no uh not not not the finest.
Well anyways, alright,
I think we're at our time. So.
Yeah, me too. Thanks. I appreciate the Kentucky insights, uh you know, a political uh recovering political junkie. So
appreciate
that,
appreciate the detail uh insights.
Yeah. Thanks. You too enjoy have I hope you have many good user interviews and $60 ones coming your way?
Yeah, I usually dread them, but when they come they're usually like, I'm like, all right, once I start, once, once I start rolling, I'm good, you know?
Yeah, I guess you know what they say, just uh toss them back if it's garbage.
Yeah, because they're not, you know, if it's a terrible requester, they're going to say, hey, I didn't get what I wanted and user testing is going to side with them. So I would just say, all right, whatever. It's just not worth it.
And Yes, no, it's a great one. I wish I had discovered it sooner. I've
only really been on it for like a month.
Anyways,
have