Hello.
I'm good how are you?
Oh it's really nice. The weather is great. It's really warm out today.
Oh cool I'm in Kentucky
it's great tot
right we'll take this I guess it's an indian summer. Is that what you all call it?
Come on.
Right. Yeah I haven't done several
I'm
praying
I'm glad you're doing them. Mhm Mhm.
Uh huh.
Yeah I don't know how they matches i if somebody said they thought it was maybe an algorithm but I think it has to do with the time you're available more so than an algorithm. I mean they might use an algorithm for the times but I don't think they try to match us up like by age or you know any kind of commonalities I mean I don't know but
please
no.
No.
that's what I'm thinking. I mean a couple of times like the last one I had the guy was disabled so a lot of the work I do is for people with disabilities. So he was so excited, you know, because he was really nervous. It was his first time and he was in a wheelchair and stuff. You could tell he was disabled. But uh you know, we did have a lot in common. So he thought maybe they had like matched us up with some kind of, you know, that we would have something in common. But I think most people can find something in common. They're really
I don't even like that's not even my real job, you know, So I probably wouldn't be on there unless it would be like as like uh you know, volunteer, I don't know, hobby.
Because
that was going to
say
what I think doesn't get that specific into your personal business. I don't
think it's
The researcher. You don't think the researchers get that.
Mhm.
Well,
maybe you see if this kind of thing helps, you know, I mean they're doing I think they're doing a lot of the therapy online now. Like people that need to see a therapist or uh I mean everything's kind of had to go online now because of the Covid. So, I mean, I think that's good. I do think there's a lot of lonely people out there. I mean, even before Covid hit. I mean, a lot of people just totally we're on the, you know, the internet. They didn't even go out and socialize. They just it's the internet. Like I mean, yeah,
now we're all stuck. We're all stuck here. Mhm.
And then
I love it. I really love it. I wish they had more. It seems like I don't know. It seems like it goes in spurts. But it's like when I decided I was gonna, you know, buckle down and really try to, you know get extra jobs on here is like where are they? Then? I'm like come on you guys in London. Get up. It's time to get up because there's like six hours difference from me. Like, y'all ain't even up yet. Come on, we need some work.
Yeah. You care. I mean I said London but I met U. K. To me. London is you you know, they're probably not on them. But yeah,
I love it. I mean, I wish they would do more like that. I tried to get on amazon turk and they turned me down. It's probably
good because I don't even think well I probably applied before and forgotten did something weird but it just seems like I don't know do you do turk Do you do pretty good one there?
Yeah.
Oh that's good. That's good
for you,
That's
good.
Yeah.
I
know.
You know I mean you can that's what I was like I wanted to make like 100 a week but I'm doing really good. I use a couple of different platforms but sometimes I'm like cross eyed by the end of the night, I've done too much you know? But you've got to kind of sit there and you got to be there when the works there. It's not like you know I mean you can just turn it on when you want to work but you know what I'm saying? It's sporadic but you need it on all the time so you're there when the work comes up. Uh
well I have a ding. I don't uh for prolific, there's something that the man's voice says there's a
certain, so I love that because I always hear that but I use another platform and there's a ding or something, I guess it's called visual ping and I never hear the ping.
So
it's called visual ping. It's supposed to like give you a notification when you know there's something on the screen that's changed but I never hear it because I use that for prolific. But eventually that voice just started telling you and I like that voice say it, there's a survey ready or whatever he says. Thank
you.
You do.
What? Yeah.
Yeah, it's
slow.
It's slower. That's what I said, I wish they had more, you know, because I like the platform but I use that user testing. Have you tried down?
I get a lot there too. I love that platform. Some of those I probably have not qualified for. I got a couple, I got really all good five stars at first but now a couple of them are being jerky giving me bad ratings. It's like y'all back up a little bit because sometimes the damn things terrible, you know? It's like they're like what? She kept saying the same thing. Well, that's because it was stupid.
You know, we're gonna be stupid. They kept showing me the same thing. I mean I didn't say it was stupid, but I'm like, oh my gosh, are you guys kidding me?
I've done that a couple times to because that's probably what I should have did on that one. I got the bad rating because it was his app as much
as
my viewing it, you know? Yes.
Yeah, I get to.
Well, see I'm older so I get a lot of them that's on Medicare, the insurance company. I mean it'll be more like age related. Which is cool because I mean, how many people he thinks on there, like me? Probably not. I mean there's probably some, but most people that are older intimidated by tech, so, you know, so uh mine was probably different than yours.
Insurance.
Oh, that's cool. One time I had to play a game, I mean, have you ever gotten like that?
Off.
Yeah. Well that's the beauty of that platform and sometimes they're not even like 10 minutes, but sometimes you'll get into them and they'll be longer to if you hit that happen.
he kept telling
me.
Right. Yeah, I used to be in a group because we used to do focus groups, so it was really a cool group, but it was an ethics thing because this one guy in the group would sign up for all these focus groups and he would just lie and say the criteria that he knew they were looking for to get to fit in and then lie and that would infuriate me. So I left the group but I lost so much of good because we used to do a lot of focus groups and I'm not doing so many of those, that's what I'm doing this more. But you know, there's a lot of online focus groups with
okay, 100 100 and 50
what?
You
know
Oh yeah, I I don't see I don't I don't like because I'm not a good lawyer. I mean some things I know enough about, I could do it but I'm uncomfortable because the way I look at it really, we need to be professional, they're paying a lot of money for us to do that. You know, even stuff I try to give my best effort. But sometimes I think I just I'm so tired of brave that by the end of the night I'm like I can't look at four damn because you gotta felt on the screeners on those focus groups. I mean I don't know about you but I felt probably 20 screeners to get him focus groups today and pretty much it auto fills it but sometimes it's just you're looking at data all day long, you know, on these things are like I got to stop.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh really? Cool. You did one about code?
Oh that's not, I would have been perfect for that because that's my drink. Yeah.
That they can do that probably.
I have one right now.
So would you say you're in new york boston? You're close to new york though, aren't you? Oh,
I'm not that close.
Mhm.
Right. Like I I just moved when I'm down, I'm further down in Kentucky but I'm on the river but I wasn't uh northern Kentucky, so that's like right across the bridge from Cincinnati, so you can be in Cincinnati in five minutes, but like Louisville or Lexington, it's like an hour and a half. So Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
But this virus has stopped everything. I mean they're still traveling. I see all kinds of how to play cars from out of state. But the virus numbers are higher here. They're going up
all over I guess. I don't know. That virus is something in it.
That's our, yes.
That's what happened here. It's certain areas, but we have a lot of red zones counties that are red. My county is not red, but I've been staying in since March. I don't go anywhere. I just got to pick up my groceries at the click list. I thought, you know,
it's good. It's fair when the numbers are going up, when you've been following the rules and evidently somebody hasn't been or the number be going up somebody. So they had this guy had to fix something in my apartment today. Probably was, I don't even know. But he tried to say the reason the numbers are going up because they're testing more, I'm like no, it's because people aren't wearing a mask. Yeah, goddamn
it.
and he
he's, this guy had the virus and because he's happening, he's the maintenance guy, he had it
and he
said, I swear, I bet he's a trumpster because I I just swear because he
said like uh well I survived Vietnam and I survived the virus, so I'm gonna just take my chances. I thought well that's all fine and good for you. But you know what I told him today, I'm not going to take my chances because I have COPD and I won't survive the damn virus. So I'm wearing my mask because it is airborne and he admitted it's airborne. So
that was a biggie right there.
But
I'm
not even gonna say oh no no where you may is because he's not wearing a mask.
Well he probably is at the point like messi are stupid, elected congressman. They think if they've had it their immune and you're not, I mean you really got to read up on this stuff. You're not immune just because you had it. You can get it again and you can still pass it to other people.
whatever.
that's the way I feel I'm not if I like I have one friend that's very disabled, he's a quadriplegic and his wife has been so hyper vigilant when this first happened she wouldn't let anybody come to their house at all. Well she said if he gets sick she can't take him to the hospital because they won't let her go and she is with him to do everything for him since they've been married. You know like he has she has tears to be with her. You know what I mean? They have to be with each other and they want she can't go in the hospital with them because of the virus. So she said she's not taking him if he gets it. So I'm very careful if I go there not to be around him in the same room and stuff. Even because I don't know if I even have been exposed. You know
what?
Everything right.
No.
Well you know I don't think it's her as much as it is Kentucky because there was before she there were some really good candidates running against her in the primary. And what happened if you remember we had that black guy named Booker? Well he got pissed off because he lost his people got pissed off and they hurt amy they were like, he knew he really didn't get behind her and endorse her. Like the other candidates that after they lost the primary tour, he kinda hit him and matt jones both like we're mad that a girl feed them. So they have the garage and their supporters then too. So I think that affected it. But in all honesty, he's 1 34 years. I really don't think any of the ones running against him could have beat him. I don't know.
I don't
think
anybody's gonna beat him. I think he's going to die in office or he's going to retire after this term because he's old, but I don't think it's anybody's fault. I just don't think anybody could beat him.
Everything.
And she was really good. Did you watch her when she had her little uh debate against him? She was very polished. She
didn't
remember in my heart she was not my first choice, you know of all the candidates but but in the end I liked her but she didn't I don't know, I don't think she was I don't think she ran her campaign well well or whoever ran her campaign because she switched right at the end and it got a lot better. I think that had a lot to do with it who was running her campaign. But I I have like 30,000 people on on Twitter following me because I'm considered doing this stuff about Kentucky politically. That's kind of funny because I just know Kentucky people. I mean I know Kentucky but uh you know I just I voted for Amy and I voted but all red one in Kentucky except for the one there was one blew that one. It was really weird.
yeah and I was like that last year with governor bevin everybody all the candidates I headed straight blue. Bevan was not bevin bashir. Governor is the only democrat that one a year ago in the election. And then this year it was all republicans would want it.
It was like wow. So you know, it does make you wonder about, I mean but you can't even blame the voting machines because a lot of us voted paper ballots, you know,
we just because so I
don't
well I think that could be some of it, but the teachers were really mad at the governor because he he wanted the pension was a big issue. Uh huh but I hate to think Kentucky is this red? You know, I was really I was kind of taken back at two years in a row it's like but what happened in that last election for governor? Our northern part of the state turned blue for that but it didn't stay blue so they did change ever just blue for that governor. A lot of republicans did what happened there?
Mm.
now
I thought you were more of a democrat. I usually don't bring up politics either but I'm just appalled I'll be honest with you I've never seen anything like this before in my life and were appalled. We cried when he got elected when trump got elected four years ago. I mean we literally cried.
I mean we were thinking Hillary what? And we woke up to that and I marched in D. C. At his inauguration. I marched we drove up there was in the newspaper and everything on the news. We marched against town. So this is a happy time. I mean I got a bottle of champagne, I have a druggie yet but I wouldn't got it. It's like I want to celebrate.
Perfect. I would
love to see that. I hope you guys willingly but
I'm all for it. The Secret Service got to drag his ass out, go for it.
And
we
need to remember all these republicans who are behind what he's the shenanigans. He's fallen now trying to get ever for the choice of the people. I mean it's not gonna work, we know it that's why we're just like whatever do go on. Yeah
well just because he's gotten away with so much it does make you a little nervous because you don't know he's pulled a rabbit out of his hat before.
I know he's and he should be, he's egging him on. I mean he's helping him.
He's
got power. I mean that's what it is, that power is like
corruption
because he doesn't even leverage, he lives very like uh you think he is very rich but he lives in a humble, like a body, you know in Louisville. He's not even like in a gated community or nothing. I mean it might be gated but it's not what you would think with all her money to, you know like uh
I think
our time is almost up and what you but my timer is going off. I always set the timer sign now I
lose.
Well hopefully Georgia went and we won't Kentucky won't be the whipping boy anymore because we on twitter I get yelled at all the time over mitch, McConnell, People hate Kentucky because of mitch and they play myself were not found for him. I don't know who, that's why I'm like maybe there is some cheating going on because this is crazy. I don't know anybody that looks for him,
I
don't
know,
I don't even remember. Was it Alison growing now?
Was
she
was terrible.
Well
a fucker is real progressive, he's like a Bernese black Bernie Sanders, you know that Kentucky is not going to go progressive, they'll go democratic but they're not going to go progressive Democratic maybe a little but you know what I'm saying, I mean you can't go from republican to full progressive in Kentucky, that ain't gonna happen and book is going to run against rand paul you watch and see see what happens there. But Booker, Booker heard her is I really think a lot of it, I think Booker hurt her you know because he didn't really endorse her and that was a big boat. He got a lot of votes. I don't know they voted for McConnell but I don't know that they voted, you know what I'm saying, they were pissed.
Yeah, that was that was a big gap
but I think that's a big part because if he would have got behind her she had good momentum but I think it was her campaign manager and I think he heard her some and then let's face it, she is a woman at the end of the day get a factor that in
What?
I
know.
then she then she congratulate Biden,
she's
playing politics though like
one of
the republicans that actually congratulated him.
I
You don't,
secondly
Court
No,
no, no.
To
vote,
Yeah,
yeah, yeah, I don't
either, but I'm hoping they do because they were trying to raise a lot of money for Georgia so they can do it, I guess it always takes money, doesn't it?
I
want to
go
home
tonight.
No.
I
hate
that they have that run off, but that's not how they all do it with that, like if they don't get to 50%, is that how they all do it?
I
don't like that, it's like whoever gets the most wins, why don't you go with that?
Yeah, Well that would take care of McConnell if they could get those two seats in Georgia, but you know, he want everything he can to make sure that don't happen too so. Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
it
is.
And
then
and that is
connected.
Performance.
What?
It
it
that's
a good point.
That's true. The dems
need to change their game. I mean that that party is terrible. It is
I mean
you're 100%
in Kentucky
Kentucky's party is really
weak and thats therein lies
part of the problem because you've got to have strong leadership at the national level and the state levels to get
it
done.
Yeah.
All these old people and I'm old so I'm not doing the ages and stuff. But you know, there should be aged limits and term limits on these people. We need younger people in here. I mean, we do need wisdom and experience, but these people are too old to be doing, their jobs are too old. Yeah.
There's
still, by the time you're 72, you need to get your ass out. You're too old.
I
mean,
you're too old around companies and stuff, but give somebody else a chance.
english book team is born. He's like an old shoe, so we need, y'all's young blood to get your butt in gear and start getting ready to run. I have
one cousin, I always tell her because she's smart enough and she can, she can get an argument. You know, she's, she's very intelligent, she can hold her own in the debates and stuff. I'm like you need to run for office.
I
like
your community, you're from boston. You know, massachusetts were like those Kennedys.
I
And which one? And uh
that he just lost at me?
I
come on some issues. I mean some things he's good on, but I felt bad for him. What?
he is young. Mhm.
Well, that's what you got to start with, but that's a hell of a legacy they have to stand up to. I bet that was hard for him to lose that.
Is that what he said,
Mark?
that's called
getting them stuff
at school. You talk to me. Mhm.
Didn't
anyone?
Now.
All
Uh What was good talking to you? I enjoyed our conversation.
me
too.
Me too.
Well, that's fine. Good luck on your platform stuff.
I don't know. I think I've done 1 $60 when I'm sometimes I'm like too tired, like it'll be like oh I don't want to talk for 60 minutes. If it's right, then sometimes you schedule them, but you know what I mean, It's like it'll be oh I don't think I want that one.
Yeah well I'm gonna have to up my game and make sure I don't get no more bad stars for my ratings.
That's a good idea because I did someone back, it wasn't working right and I'm like I'm not doing that.
no because I need that platform, that's I make good money on that one. I love that because you just don't even have to do nothing. It shows up in your inbox, you're like, oh
I mean,
yep, so gravy, okay we'll take
care.