Hey. Sorry
that I was trying to get on my I. Mac. It like wasn't I could see you but my computer wasn't letting me like my wasn't letting my um
camera work so I'd like
Yeah I was like I know because I was signed up to do this last saturday and then my partner never showed up so I knew that I had five minutes to try to figure it
Yeah. Cool. We have to talk for 25 minutes. That's through. Okay.
Where
are you?
Okay. Cool. Are you in an office?
teacher, teacher profession or a professor?
I live in D. C. I actually work in the university to right now but I'm not a professor. I'm just in research. Um But yeah but I'll be leaving that job as soon as the clearance for my new job finishes up. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Um So my new job will be yeah I'll be a contractor though so. Mhm. Yeah that's the D. C. Way.
A lot of people who work for the feds do it in a contracting capacity because that's just how they do it I guess it's cheaper for them so.
Oh yeah I work in public health global health and then HIV specifically um
Yeah so it's nothing like secret or anything like that. Yeah.
Cool.
No um I did finish my master in 1917. I just have a baby face. Yeah.
No um I'll be 31 in January.
Um Where in texas are you?
I lived in Fort Worth as a baby because my dad is army but I haven't been back since. Yeah
I'm
sorry.
No I don't just like stories and my mom where like I was at the day care and all the daycare workers thought I was hispanic so they like would speak spanish to me and be confused. My wife fucking.
Right. Yeah but I um I have like a I think I'm gonna be doing like two years at this new job and then working on my like exit plan out of D. C. Um And there's a couple of places in texas on my list but more like the Houston area. Um Yeah because
I like but it's very expensive.
No D. C. Is expensive.
when I like inboard I look at houses in other areas and I just see how much I can get.
Yeah. I'm wondering if like if I move from like a higher cost of living area and like my salary history is higher if I'll like
yeah moving they'll be like oh we can match this a little bit so.
Nice. Um
good.
Yeah. I don't even own a car here. So that's like one of the cons for what I was thinking about for Houston is not only would I have to get a car, but I would have to deal with traffic again.
Yeah. So I'm like, maybe I'll take a visit out there and because I don't plan on moving for a couple of years, so I like want to visit different places and see how I feel about them. Have you been in texas your whole life?
That's another state I've never been to.
And
the only like reference I have to Nebraska and specifically Omaha is I like in high school, I was a big fan of that band. Bright eyes.
Uh huh.
I
heard he's kind of an asshole, but he's like,
yeah, I've heard like lots of stories of people like after concerts, like wanting to go up and meet him and like I get celebrities like not wanting to like always be like whatever. But I just heard he's like, just kind of a real dick about it.
What was her story,
I have to like separate all of the stories I've heard about him. But then I was thinking with like the whole like me to stuff happening. I was like, at least I haven't heard a story of him,
like
underage girls, so it could be worse.
I don't remember specifics. I just remember being like, oh, that was the name I wasn't expecting to hear, but okay.
All right.
I don't Is it I can't I'm like struggling to remember names, but is it as fevers and mirrors the name of it? Yeah,
that's my favourite one. Yeah.
Because I stopped listening. Like the later stuff that came out and
that's a nice one,
prolific.
It's always, um, so I like tell my friends all the like extra stuff I do for extra money. Like, and it's because I like, I obviously have a job. I just like, like making extra money, especially being old.
That's funny. I started it because I, um, so I finished grad school and then I worked abroad for a year and then I came back and I put my student loans on deferment. And then when I came back, I was like, I really want to finish paying these off. So I like did every little extra thing that I could do. Yeah. And this
is
because you just keep it up in your browser while you're at work and
I do one called crowd tap that one's really I like it a lot and the the surveys are even shorter. You don't make like quite as much money obviously because the surveys are shorter but it's a different system to it's like a point accumulation system and
then get direct cash. But I just get amazon gift cards and then like by my household supplies with that. And yeah
and then there's another one called Q me but uh it was it's okay sometimes then there will be a really long streak where you get like where you get knocked out a survey. So I won't yeah rely on prolific mostly.
Yeah. I I think I tried to get into it once but it I guess I never was like officially approved or something like
Um And then another thing I like to do is I do a lot of market research. Um Yeah I don't know about like national ones but D. C. Has a company that I do and um it used to be like in person ones where you go and like it was like a focus group and you evaluate a product and it would take like an hour of your time that give you like $100. Um And now they're doing online ones but those are few and far between, like I do like max to a year. Um Yeah we're
not
as
well. How did you see that?
I forgot about.
Yeah. I end up not using swag bucks for servings as much. Sometimes I'm like board, I'll do them but I do a lot of their um like deals like you could do like apron box and you get like a bunch of money back and you just cancel the subscription afterwards. Yeah.
sometimes they're not worth it and then sometimes they are and you just have to be like, you really have to read the fine print. And I think there's a website, is it? There's, I think the Doctor of credit website will, sometimes, I can't remember with that one. Or there's another website that will like give notifications for swag bucks deals going on and then just give you the fine print on what you need to do to make sure you're actually making the money.
I was completely over for a year.
Do you teach undergrads?
Yeah. They GW sent all of the students home. There are a few students on campus for sports, but everything is online.
your university have a lot of layoffs?
that's nice. Um Yeah. G w thankfully like my job is grant funded. So in like a lot of jobs like that we're totally fine. But they like come and it seemed more like they were using this as an opportunity to restructure versus a true necessity to like lay people off. But they like gutted the facilities department, They gutted the I. T. Department. They gutted like the event staff
because it used to be that like each individual school like the School of medicine, the school of Public Health School of Engineering, blah blah blah blah. They each had their own facilities, people own I. T. People own events, people and they've now made it so everyone is centralized and then it like they like will report to different schools as needed. Um So
Yeah so they laid off a bunch of people and then told them they could reapply for their jobs. Um And then but it was very political like my friend he was an I. T. In a different school. Um And like none of his I. T. Department from that school got hired on. It was because that manager was also laid off but there were I. T. Staff from other schools where their managers had more clout and so that staff was kept on. So it wasn't even like a matter of like skill set or anything. It was just like who.
Yeah it was very political.
Yeah like it's really weird because I have to go into campus Thursdays and Fridays um because
we're actually doing one of the Covid vaccine trials. Um Yeah so it's really busy and but it's like sad because all of the facilities and security people that I used to like talk to every day are just gone and they've hired um contracting position, so it's like a new person every day And some of these guys like had worked at the university for like 10, 15, 20 years and they was
born.
Mhm. Yeah, there was a lot of um there were like a lot of petitions that went around and people want the president to resign, but I don't think it's going to happen. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah, that's how it is here too,
And we have a lot of um we have a lot of like higher administration where it's unsure what their actual jobs are, but they pull these huge salaries.
Yeah, it's really messed up. I am, I think this is my last job in academia because like I don't have to work in academia technically and yeah so I was just like I think I'm done.
Okay.
Yeah so I've worked I've worked on like the implement your side and now I'll be more on the I don't know how to describe it, do you know Pepfar is?
Um So it stands for the President's emergency plan for AIDS relief. So it started during the Bush administration and it was just the money we funnel and to developing countries for the AIDS epidemic and it um it's mostly held in the State Department but there's also like the C. D. C. Takes care of some of it too. Um But um so now be on before I worked on like organizations that are receiving pepfar money and now I'll be like the person who like is in charge of how cut for money is not
like. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah so some of our studies
um are the job I have now are NIH funded um I don't have to do too much with it because the P. I. Is very um he's very hands on and he likes everything
himself.
Yes. So I will see some stuff like maybe at the end or all helped with some like quarterly reporting, but overall he does most of it.
Yeah. I think
that,
yeah, I think that happens a lot with them too. And then like no, like no shade anyone. But I think a lot of people, I don't think they should have PS and I don't think I should always manage people because they don't always have like people management skills and I think it's a disservice to everybody and Yeah.
And yeah, it just makes everything like really complicated. But it
is.
something will be like fine for a really long time within all of a sudden it's an emergency because he remembered.
Yeah. Which is fine if it's just you it makes it it makes it harder when, because our team has gotten a lot bigger in the last year and a half. Um So there's a lot of delegation issues.
Yeah, and then we re really needed admin person um Yeah,
what, maybe it won't be my problem anymore.
No, so I'll be a country manager for, I don't know which country yet. Um but I'll manage how their Pet Far program. So Pepfar has like targets that they want every year are specific things they want countries to focus on. Um So I'll be managing that.
Yeah. Yeah. And now the whole um the whole motto is prevention and secure a a lot of, well, because when you've been taking your medication and you are virally suppressed, you technically like you shouldn't, but technically you can like do anything and not transmit it because the viral load is so low that um So yeah, it's
yeah, you just, yeah, as long as you're taking your medication.
And then making sure people take it and like stay on top of their appointments and then just there's still a lot of stigma involved. Yeah.
And then
and
yeah, yeah, a couple more minutes
probably.
kind
of?
Well, I'm just going to say. Um and then the medication can be really hard on your body, so sometimes people stop taking it because of that.
because it's technically, and I don't like, I'm not an expert in like human physiology or anything like that, but it's a lot of medications or this where it's technically like toxic after a long period of time, so yeah. Um But what kind of math do you teach?
And?
So my undergrad was in zoology, so they made us take calculus Um 12, and then I only had to take a stats class as well, like I don't I don't have to take anything super crazy.
I didn't love it, but I got through it.
Yeah, I like statistics. I know people say they don't like it because it feels fake, but statistics made more sense doing than calculus is. Yeah.
Yeah. And then because I was an epi concentration for my masters um there was a lot of stats and that. Yeah.
Nice.
Nice to talk to you to have a good rest of your week or weekend now.
Bye.
Thank you. Good luck teaching a semester or
I will sentence semester.