Uh huh. Okay. Mm mm. Uh huh. And Oh mm approved. Mhm Oh mhm mhm Yeah. Oh mm
it's
Member.
You're here now. No problem. I was playing with me until five after anyway. So you made it just in time.
I yeah, on this I think this is like my fifth time or something now and one time I did have somebody not show up but usually people,
we better find talking about going.
How
do you, I'm in texas.
I am, yeah, I'm in my office. I'm a teacher. Yeah
Professor. I'm a math professor. Yeah. I was actually just recording some videos were doing like hybrid classroom stuff this semester. Yeah. How about you? Where you
is it government work or?
Yeah, everybody's a contractor there or something.
I see. So what if you want to say like what area?
No.
Um
yeah. So are you like a recent graduate or?
You look like you're, you're in school still potentially so.
Okay. Yeah that's that's older than I thought for sure. Right.
I'm uh Tyler texas, I'm in East texas so it's two hours east of like the Dallas fort Worth area. Yeah.
So
you don't
I don't have any memories from from your time in Dallas I guess.
And okay, interesting.
Yeah
Houston or
well this is very expensive. Houston's actually for especially for a big city, it's really cheap. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean the the pay isn't necessarily as large though but usually works out in your favor to go to a cheaper place
and.
Right they'll try to yeah exactly like you said they'll try to match it and maybe it'll be a little bit lower. Maybe not, but at least you can probably afford a house when you move there. You know my wife grew up in Houston and yeah, and we actually go back there like multiple times a year. It's it's like a three hour drive for us. So. Yeah.
So
yeah. Oh just Houston's are really cool town. I mean uh if you like lots of different like types of ethnic food for example, you can find everything there. Um so and there's it's huge so there's lots of things to do, but it's also like going anywhere takes forever just like 45 driving anywhere. The DCs probably there's a lot of traffic I imagine.
Yes. And public transportation in Houston is not great unless you're living like in a very specific area of Houston. Which you probably won't be. Yeah.
No, I did not grow up in texas. I grew up in Nebraska. I'm representing actually right now.
it's pretty small. I I grew up in Omaha, so that's the largest city. So the rest of Nebraska is very rural, right
for them.
I was expecting you to say that actually. Yeah, that's funny. Like that whole thing sort of took off when I was like late in high school, like the Saddle Creek records stuff. Yeah. So
yeah, you know, Connor over sometimes he really annoys me, but I also kind of like him.
So
you're here? Okay, asshole.
Yeah. I heard some stories from people including my sister who went to a bright eyes show. So yeah,
just that like, I don't remember exactly the story other than kind of what you said. Like she saw him after. No, actually it was during the show, he was trying to like have a conversation with the crowd and he's obviously not good at relating to normal people and he got really mad about something and started yelling at people or something. So um Yeah, Bright eyes is funny because I actually do like them but at the same time I don't like them so I don't know.
That's
true.
Yeah. We're just like harassing someone. True. Yeah. So like who there's there are some indie artists who who like Ryan Adams I think had like a big nothing against him. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. They're kind of how the Me Too Movement goes. Um Yeah. What was your favorite record of theirs? Do you have like one that you're really
into?
definitely.
Like a like they're kind of maybe their breakout album. Like they were it's pretty early on. Yeah.
I'm getting into them but I really liked something that was a little bit later, which was I think it's I'm wide awake. It's morning. Yeah,
I like
that. Huh? Mhm. Like I just told scary to start playing that music for a second. But you just gotta study on prolific. Uh huh.
I started doing it during quarantine. It was like Nothing to do. Maybe I should just make $5 every once in a while.
Did
you?
I don't know. It takes four minutes or something. You just really quickly try to knock the survey out before something move your office or whatever. Yeah, that's cool. So yeah, do you do any other survey sites?
All
Yeah.
Yeah, It's the best one I've used by fire. Good things about in Turkey, but I haven't tried it yet.
Okay. I've heard that it's kind of weird. Like sometimes they're taking people, sometimes they aren't or something. Yeah.
I
got a pretty fun like beta test of a of an app game, like a
phone
it was through like Swag Bucks or something, which
pretty bad website really. I love it, but that's how I got the survey and it was it was great because it was a fun game. I'm not supposed to say anything about the game, so I guess I won't hear on video, but I think I got paid like $40 or something for it. It was a lot of time, but that's okay.
I heard people talking about that and I didn't quite understand how you managed to make money on the promotions, but maybe I can try that sometime.
Okay, so you just like kind of read that website and figure out the best ones. That's cool. Yeah, I might do that, but I'm now quarantines over and
well we're not completely, it's it's a weird situation where I'm teaching online a lot, but we're hybrid. So what I do is I have students come in once a week, usually they would come in three times a week, monday Wednesday friday. Um so the classes like 1 3rd capacity and they come in and we just like work through problems together. It's almost like having a like a recitation section, like a section where you do problems. Yeah. And so they watch all the, all the materials online and then they just come in and ask me questions when their class. Yeah,
mostly, but we have we have a master's program as well. Yeah.
I got you. Yeah, our school is not like our school is called a commuter school for the most part, like the dorms that are here very small. And so I think we're kind of lucky in that way that um And also there's a lot of online courses, a lot of hybrid courses, there's not that much interaction going on among the students. So so far it hasn't like gotten out of control. Um Yeah, so it's been all right. Yeah.
No, we did not have any layoffs. We had a 5% budget cut, but that we could do that like just reducing travel and stuff like that.
Well uh
Yeah, you might be right. Maybe that was something they wanted to do all along and seemed like time to do it.
You have the right manager? Yeah, that's really important. It
so you know a lot of people who I guess who have been laid off recently then. Yeah.
All
The
problem. Yeah, like it's such a difficult time to try to get new work.
Yeah. I mean, faculty don't have that much of a say in governance of their universities anymore. It's certainly the way it is here,
you know, administration kind of took over. Yeah.
All right. We have a lot of that too. Administrative bloat is what's called, usually. Right.
I guess you'll always probably work in grant funded. Uh right, so
help, you know, a little bit about that process, I guess if you've ever had to do any of that sort of thing?
No.
Administration what?
Okay. Did you have did you ever work on grants that were funded by other agencies like NIH or something?
That's,
we
want we want complete control over everything I can really, I'm a P I on an NSF grant and that's exactly how I am too. Uh huh.
I think it's partially that I'm just really bad at figuring out what I want other people to do and I just would rather just do it myself
and
because I end up doing everything.
Fair. I mean it's not it's not why I went into this career is to manage people,
you
get away from this person to emerge from their office and decide what you're gonna do. Yeah. And while there, while you're waiting, like who knows? Like I guess you take prolific surveys or something. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I can relate. No, the interview is small enough that we don't actually have extra staff. I mean there's like two faculty members that work on it and that's about it. So I don't have too much of that. But there is a lot of me just like deciding at the last minute something needs to happen and doing it myself.
Yeah. Maybe he can work like hiring a manager into all that or something.
Uh huh. Mhm.
Not belong here. So you will you be reviewing grants or your cognitive,
that's cool. So like there's been huge strides in AIDS and HIV right, like uh
So you're not cured but you're like effectively the same as someone who is cured.
I guess the issue is just getting medication to people and making it less admitted Maybe.
Maybe
we should
go to 30 or something since we started a little bit late. I don't know if that's the rule, but
couple
more minutes you
get
it right.
Oh, I see. Okay.
Oh just like everything. Um
this semester I'm teaching a calculus class and a proof writing class for math majors. Yeah. Did you were you what kind of method you take in college? How far?
That's actually quite a bit I mean around here very few major state calculus too so. Yeah.
statistics is good especially in the sciences. It's good statistics.
it's a different kind of mindset but once you understand how it works then it's it's not so bad you know?
cool.
Well it's good talking to you.
Yeah thanks you too
and it looks in your new line of work
and
yeah it's almost over