Hello, Can you hear me? I can, how are you doing?
I am doing well, yeah,
sounds great. I'll let you go first. You look at me anyway. A
little, just a
little,
Great.
No,
Well I'm 59. My name is Teresa and I live in Arkansas actually and a family in the Dallas area just got back from there over the christmas holidays. So um, you're not that far from me actually. Just a few but I'm retired. I live on in a royal rural area and basically I take care of my property. I take care of my family, enjoying life. Being retired. I have always wanted to fly. I wish that I could fly. You said you were practice taking lessons or? Okay. How
far along gotten?
So had they can use solo flight yet?
Whoa. Very or just fun.
Well you know you learn
something.
So what about that? I used to, my dad, my dad used to fly crop dusters. Yes and
you all the farmers in the area you know he did all the poisoning the fertilizing, all that sort of thing. I used to go with him when I was a kid and
I would fearless. I mean he would do everything in his power to try to freak me out. You know when he dumped his load or whatever, we just
go around there, he would just drop the plane, he would turn it and I would just go more and more and more until he found death upon the wind field is okay, we can't do this anymore. You
know I loved it and I always wanted to do it on my own. I would I had pursued you know, life just kind of moves on
but I really wish I would have pursued it. So you're doing something great. I mean
wrong with it. I mean, you know, keep going with it and just check it off on your book, may become something really great for you. Or it may be something that you just always got as a backup and always can enjoy.
And I think it's great and tell me how long, how you're coming along in your schooling?
Where are you coming?
Air
what area of the country in Arkansas?
Yeah, for sure you don't wanna be in the Ozarks. I mean
you're going to buy the Ozarks. I'm kinda kinda in the foothills so I'm kind of based basically, I'm like an hour from the flatlands, an hour the Ozarks, so it's kind of cool. I mean
what kind of music do you like thinking? I'm hoping all these are all of a sudden, I'm thinking about music.
What would be a past decade if you go, you got to kind of relate to me just like that. I'm trying to bring in just a bit what would be a past decade? That would be interesting to you?
No,
I
like eighties, but seventies. I love
70 Yeah.
70s, you know, and I'll tell you this way, Check out the 70s. I think it, I think you like it,
but
now,
oh gosh, there's so many. I mean of course eagles, eagles go a long way. Eagles
are great. You know, you got bailed out Chicago and I mean just on and on and on that has some really great music. So check it out. Just saying, I mean actually though I'm a bluegrass girl, have you ever listen to bluegrass? No, I mean of course I grew up in this area and I have family that gold would go up and listen, I have family that you think of the road. Um, let's set the moonshine over here in the banjo. I can relate to some of those folks. Okay, why don't we get to in that? But anyway, you know what I mean? But I love bluegrass, if it's quality and I live in an area where I go to tons of concerts, tons of views and really, really high quality stuff.
You
know, the
musicians are top notch. I mean, I don't like it if you know, they're just kind of not really good. I've got to have good musicians first of all. And while you've got good museum musicians, great. You said, you know, I, I have my, my son, I have a son who's uh, had to stop and count now. I think he's 36, Well one Thing, but who loves to do to build the planes and stuff, builds model. Yes.
Can kind of relate to what you're talking about a little bit. But he's always been adventurous that way. I also have another son who's in the military. Do you have any family in the military?
You
say? What stories do you get? Yeah,
my son is in there. He's in the marines right now and he's over in California. Of course, he's been all over. I mean, which is great because
that,
well, I do too, because I take the whenever you want to another, you know, state or area. I usually will try to go. Not, not always, but I usually try to go. But he's a what they call him now. He's a linguist, lee linguist. The korean leader is what he does. He's
korean. And so he goes, well now he's more kind of based in one area. But there was a time,
you know he was like in the ocean, I never got, you know he was doing all this stuff and you have to kill me type of thing, you know what I mean? Mm I don't know. But anyway that's what he would tell me. But
yeah and it's uh and even, you know he's young, he's not really got all these great stories and he's
never
deployed overseas in a dangerous, well I say he has and you know nowadays you can blow up the ship in the ocean as well as anybody so
it's dangerous and you know you, I'm sure europe on what's going on now with the most recent things.
Yeah, we'll leave that one alone. Uh huh device meant to say I'm not opposed to prayer so I'm praying a lot. You never know what's going on with that. But do you have family in the area just to get on another subject? Do you have family where you're at or did you move to Dallas for school?
Sweetness.
That's true. Yeah.
How long they've been Houston for? Well, right outside of Houston. A little town called Liberty. I don't know if you know liberty. It's
down
in beaumont and all those little around Houston. There's a little turn out there. I used to live for about 20 years. Uh, yeah. And so I'm very familiar with the Houston area, familiar with humidity.
It
is so bad Now. Dallas is pretty bad too. But closer, you know, down the water and everything. So that friend, are
you a married man? Do you have Children?
Hey,
you
can be
married. Hello.
I recommend it, definitely.
What? You know, you got, you got to prioritize here a little bit.
Absolutely.
that's true. I haven't even noticed time. Have you said there was a time, I don't see a timer on mine.
I think the time are running down, but
uncle
So we're doing good. Well, that's what you do. You like on so far as the models and you're busy going to school and all that. What you have another hobby? Oh,
I'm learning. Yeah.
Tell me what you're doing.
Do
not
talk
about that. I have more. Tell me, tell me what you think about that.
we
cannot.
You can like do everything through your voice through that. Right?
It's
kind of freaky but
That
is
so
have never What the first time you actually did
the reality
thing.
I would like to Course, I mean, I don't think I'm really going to get into it, but I wish I knew someone who would let me put them on and
do it.
No,
when
you pull
out
on all your
well, so basically when you put them on you're not seeing any of your actual surroundings being transport warming. I mean basically you're you're in a movie set something so you need nothing that you're actually surrounded by.
But what you're up walking around and you run into something
stupid
but you know I'm saying I'm trying to get a really good
so
actually quest to your surroundings, I mean to your okay
and so if you turned it would automatically go back to your vision of what your spoke the
whatever
you put yourself in. Yeah.
almost like a heat sensor thing.
Well is it like if you set it up okay? Are you doing like a what's what I'm trying to are you are you doing like a whole play? I mean, I know that's not the way you know I'm saying. Or is it just real time?
Okay. But if you just start from, I guess what I'm trying to understand is are you just looking at the world and doing immediate things there or is it set up a program for you to go through?
Well, what do you do in the world? I mean, once you get into this scene, what are you doing? Are you,
are you are you making the things happen or things happening and you're reacting to them, I guess is what I'm
You
got here. But anyway. Well,
a little different than now. But anyway, mm hmm.
Now the long neighbor is not really not physical,
not
having to buy parts to make this work.
They're programmed into the think
we're
20%. I thought, okay. If you've already got him in everything is it's there.
How actually I'm not trying to remember why google that the other day that I googled that they are. I mean I was another job I was doing or whatever, but I can't remember why I googled it and I'm trying to remember. They were pretty, pretty expensive if I remember correctly.
Yeah. You know, it's gonna take a while for those to come down, which I think they will because competition, everything, everything, everybody's gonna get in the game and it won't be long give it a few years. They will be people be able to pretty much partisan without.
I can see you're a little jumpy.
No, I said I just last year I just lost you to profile. Can you hear me
okay? I can hear you as well but I can't see you now. We're bound to a profile. What's the time on it?
Okay, well let's try to hang out. Wasn't wasn't in 25 minutes. Is that what?
Yeah, so let's hang on to that if we can. But I'm not seeing you. I hope they don't talk us for losing video.
Yeah, I mean you don't see me at all right now.
french or anything. I don't take any chances on that.
often
good.
Oh man. Well, mm I'm trying to think, well I am your back to me and my back for you.
Well actually I will say this I am learning at my age. I decided I wanted to learn to play guitar and
I was bringing it down.
Um and so I think this this on my own and so I've been playing for about probably six months now actually coming along pretty good. Which surprised me because I didn't be able to do it. So I've been learning to play guitar. Well, I will, okay, I'm gonna give you something and don't make fun of me now.
I love dancing. And I've always loved, even as a kid, I mean as a young party, you know, when I was in school and younger, I was a cheerleader and you know, I had to do choreography as
So I've always had rhythm and loved it. So I will freak out. I have a couple of older friends that come over and well listen to music and stuff. And occasionally or in a vehicle driving, I'll put on some really, you know, contemporary pop or anything. It's got a great
and I
will ball and it's like I want to show them even at my age, you can have some rhythm and you can really actually not be sexual. Don't get, don't get me wrong what your body you are
to me. So
I do have a lot of fun with it. And I have grandkids and so really have a lot of fun with that with the grandkids because you know, like, uh, and I show them, hey grandma's can move do, you can move and they can go out and they can still do hand springs and they can still do flips and they can still
do.
So as far as I'm concerned, I don't, I don't really get out on, you know, roller blading or just doing any kind of, you know, walk bones these days, just say My kids have always seen as a little of interest. But I mean, you know, I live out here in rural area on a large property, about two large on 10 acres. Uh, and so I'm pretty much if I need to go fix the roof, I get on the road, I need to go take care of things. You know, if I can get my zero turnover and propped up and make, you know, it's in terms of that a pretty active. So I mentally see myself is about 38. So
it's mentally
my body,
but that's kind of way, that's kind of, you know, what's going on with that, but mostly just what I'm doing right now besides just taking care of business. I decided I was being a musician, at least to the point I can be a musician, both my
brother
missions and
we grew up in a musician family, you know, my family and I just never really, I played a little piano when I was younger and I really got into it. And so I want to get into it now. I love it. And so my brother look with fans when they were younger. So that was always fun. I like the airplane thing. I wish I had picked it up when I was younger. And because at this point in my life I would be more perfection or at least experienced. And,
and so that's what I was saying to you, keep all these things going that you're doing because by the time you're my age, you'll be knowledgeable. You'll be one just sitting back knowing you have the knowledge and the experience and the abilities and it's, it's great to feel that way about things. Even it may not be
or in other words, you'll be well rounded. All honesty. So keep it up. You tell that you're going on and I just wish the best for you.
I really did. Yeah.
Britain.
Yeah, I know weighing what you project.
Yes. It sounds fun
then.
Yeah. In fact, I've actually indicated us, I live in a smaller town, so a lot going on. But occasionally I will still get online and still look for air club or somebody starting up something or talk about people would for there to be a dance club like that for older people or just for, you know, idiot. I would go there in a minute because I don't have I don't really have anybody that enjoys it. Like I do you
know
that I wanted my age, that sort of, Well, the only thing we do have is I do know club, but I would have to square dance and I really don't think that's what I want to do. Uh we probably would definitely be a great exercise, a great meeting greet you'd like, Mhm, Just like I said, I'm feeling like 38 and it's a square dance, I don't know if it's my only choice when these days I just jump in there, I don't know.
uh maybe maybe
uh no, it's just not the kind of want to do, but I wouldn't mind the exercise and it is, I mean you do have to have a little talent, you guys stay in rhythm, you got you got to know some moves and
certain with, I mean, I guess it could be worthwhile, but basically I actually kind of actively look for a club to start up that I could get learn, you know, and and really do it, so that's great for you, keep it up. one of those things, you never know where talent in that area is going to be useful as you get older, so
you need to be well rounded and it sounds like you're going from one extreme to the other, so that's good.
Really? I mean it sounds like fun to me I've seen and I've never done that, but I've seen it and you're going to be strong, you're going to have, you know, have some energy and
Yeah. You don't realize how bad shape you are until
you Oh.
Well you just got to have some rhythm and you've got to have some coordination
to do it and I'm sure you've been in there since probably pick out the ones who are going to do well on the ones I'd be fun to. What I know, I grew up actually rodeo shop, so a lot of that my time and I still enjoy riding. I don't have to do as much of exactly how people more used to my brother. My brother, he's a couple years younger than me. I mean they keep their horses, they still show regularly and and have a great time with it. My sister in law trains barrel horses. So yeah, so it's fun. I get my goal there once in a while, you know, just kind of get a little pleasure right out. But I haven't actually raced in a while, not being scary to me now to get on there
and
it's fun. It's great fun. Yeah. Right again, what time it is? I don't know, you're going to have to tell me, I'm not seeing where are you seeing the title?
I think we just need to exile the tab and we should be able to afford to live down just, yeah. So probably just do that so we can move on. But listen, I really enjoyed getting to know you a little bit
well.
You have a great day and I wish you all the luck in your schooling and your extracurricular
activities.
Thank you. Bye. Bye.