mm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm.
Good. How about you?
Sweet. So um I guess we could start off by talking about a little bit about ourselves.
Well
just
a little bit, yeah. Uh so my name's Trenton. Um I'm 20 years old, live in Dallas texas. I am a biomedical engineering student at UTD
and I'm also a student pilot and for finally to build models there. Have you ever heard of Gundam?
They're pretty much just like a japanese toy brand that makes very complicated like robots. So in my free time I like to make those um When the weather is nice outside and it's not like 200°,, I'll go swimming or go outside to the couple parks we have and I also love biking. What about you?
Mhm.
I would say about 85% of the way through getting the first license, which is the private pilot licence. Um
Yes, that was actually pretty fun.
Actually my very first solo flight um it went horribly wrong so I was off by Rockwell Airport maybe about 30 minutes away from where I live now. And uh my instructor got out of the plane, I dropped them off at the uh air traffic control, those big towers and I line up on the runway. Get everything done. Checklist is great, plain looks great. Weather is fine and I start lifting off. But as I lift off at the corner of my eye I noticed like little space of white that shouldn't be there. And I thought oh maybe I'm just seeing things. But as I began to turn to the left of the runway after maybe about 1000 ft up, that white space gets bigger and bigger and bigger and I finally look over and the cockpit latch failed. So the plane was flying with the top of the cockpit slowly edging up above. And I started freaking out. I was like, what what what I do. I didn't go over emergency procedures to well that yet. So I freaked out. And I called onto the air traffic control, I was like, hey this is student pilot blah blah uh I need to land now. And thankfully the airplane, the airport was dead. So they're like, yeah go ahead, go with it. And they were pretty fine. So my very first solo flight was an emergency landing was the cockpit open. Mhm.
That
was fun.
That is awesome.
That is
No.
that
stuff gets in the way.
it's fun.
of course. Yeah, it's so fun.
Um Pretty good. I'm about a junior now, I just I'm still in break, so I have a lot of time off, which is good. Um Next semester I'll be starting my second half, my junior year of college for biomedical engineering and classrooms are going good clubs doing pretty cool. Um fracture curricular um Lockheed martin actually has a small competition where we get to build a remote controlled plane and fly it around. So we're actually going to Arkansas, which is pretty cool. Uh
For what? I don't know what airport it is, but it's a small abandoned one. I believe that Lockheed bought up just for this
college student.
Ooh, I don't know off the top of my head, but I know it's it's one of the flatland areas for for the competition.
that'd be pretty cool.
in the middle.
I started listening to um A lot more, I guess. Uh top 100 playlists because when I drive to school, traffic gets kind of bad, so I'll just put on whatever is available. But uh for favorites, I grew up listening to a lot of um like electronic music, like daft punk, but I started getting into rock and pop and stuff from, I guess the previous decades. Uh
Um definitely the 80s, that's for sure.
Not
a big fan.
Seventies.
Okay.
True.
Are there any
specific songs that catch your mind?
Of course.
that's
good
to hear.
That's awesome.
Yes. My grandfather served in Vietnam. Yeah. Here's some awesome stories
about that.
There's some cool.
You
got shit in the world.
that's
Of course.
That's awesome.
Of
course.
Anything is dangerous.
Oh that's a tricky conversation. Yeah. Yeah.
no I've lived in Dallas pretty much all my life. Um
I have a couple of family members in Houston, so only a couple hours up and then most of the other family lives in Colorado, which is awesome. So on vacation, so we got to go there and spend the night in somewhere where it's not burning hot.
Yeah. Yeah
it's
big now. Houston is turning into metropolis.
it's
bad.
sorry about that. Mhm. Yeah.
No no I'm still waiting. Well you
know that
later
in life.
That's true, that's true. Yeah.
of course.
So many other stuff I want to see
first, you know?
I don't think so. Uh
Oh I found it, Yep, it's at
13 minutes right now. Yes,
do play games a lot. I just started getting into virtual reality. Have you heard of some of the new products they have?
Oh,
so my boss, uh he's the ceo of this tech startup and he has this product, it's this big set of binoculars almost called the Oculus Go and
the home
premise behind
it.
they're awesome. He let me borrow it because he went off to Asia for a couple of weeks and the the idea is that you don't need any other computer because before All these VR headsets required to these big beefy computers, imagine maybe computers like in the 60s or 70's uh just a power like this little pair of headsets. So this company went forward and develop something where all you need is just a headset itself, so
you
throw it on.
Yes, yes, that's all
you need. Just the headset, no computer, no wires.
It's cool. It's scary. I put them on, I'm like, whoa, what that fast Yeah throws you into like an instant reality where it creates your own uh sort of like domain where you can chill out. So I customize it to be this really super modern apartment building off on the top of like new york towers and you can walk around and it attracts your hands too, so you can look around and interact with stuff a
few
months.
It was awesome. Yeah,
it
is,
it was my first experience with virtual reality. It was awesome.
I
know, I'm so glad that they showed me because I never would have thought about getting them and tell your throat on, it's literally a new world because you can walk around your home and it just transforms uh what you're looking at into that other world. So you could be in the output and you can go paintballing, you could go like underwater scuba diving. They have these um horror games, you can play that take place in a space station and I just bought it after I got a headset and it's amazing because it transports you up in space and you can move around in zero gravity. The possibilities are almost endless. I found it uh very exciting because I can't go to space obviously, maybe
not in my lifetime, but at least I could
simulate
it and
they do
good job.
No, you're seeing nothing, You hear nothing. Um
that's what's so cool about
them.
I don't know how the science behind it works but they have some sort of global positioning system where if you at the very beginning when you first put them on you can actually use your hand to almost highlight the area you want to play around almost like a wizard. Like you just show it and it points in the direction and then if you actually get close to those boundaries The VR camera switches from the fake world to the real one and it shows you outside of the world and there's no like visible cameras. So I'm not sure how it enables you to see. And it's in uh I think it's there's some sort of like infrared because you can see in the dark. I was playing in the middle of the night and I almost ran into our piano but it's switched back into the middle of the dark and I could see the piano and it
was warning.
Yeah.
The back to the
V. R. World.
Yeah. It will warn you if you get too close it'll everything will glow red almost like a like an indicator of your health. Uh And then it will switch back to the real world and if you back back.
Yeah that's what I'm thinking. I'm not sure what they put into those goggles but they're very aware of the surroundings. And I took them off to my school to play during a study break and I came back and it actually saved the same location. So it memorizes your home where you go and it actually attracts you. So uh you don't actually have to do anything once you set it up.
It's real time. You don't have to, you set it and forget it. And then the headset somehow through some sort of crazy math beyond me, memorizes where your your location is. Like for example if you want to hook it up in your living room you just highlight the area and then you can come back to it a week later and it will still remember those boundaries. So you could.
Of course it's it's kind of like netflix where each movie is a world. You start off in that netflix screen. In this case it's just my home I created in the virtual world. And I could walk over to say for example the T. V. And that would represent spongebob, press it and then it brings me into the spongebob world. So it's it's super cool.
First
both actually they have games, they have um My most popular one. Are you familiar with Star Wars? Yeah they have
this game.
Oh yes, I loved watching all the old ones when I was a kid. I was like what? Oh
they have this game called Vader immortal where you play as um a Jedi one of the enemies of Darth Vader, the big black robot and you you you get a Lightsaber and you get a fight alongside with him and eventually you get a fight against him. Uh
No no it's not
real. But you
now so you buy that and then if you choose to you can buy other games you by the Oculus go and if you choose to you can buy other games but of course there's free ones. Uh huh that you can.
Yes that's
it, everything's in the headset.
Yeah it's all there, I don't know do it, it's just amazing.
they are very expensive. That's the only downside to them.
Yeah hopefully in about five years should be about as affordable as a cheap phone. Ah But way more complex. I've actually lost video connection right now. Can you still see me
like the profile icon or?
Weird, I can hear you perfectly clear.
Let me see. It's at 22 minutes right now.
I think so yeah, at least 25 minutes.
Yeah, that should be fine. Um hm
No that's fine. Look I guess we continue on.
Yeah, that might break it. I
do have a question there. Sorry go
ahead. What sort of uh young people things do you do? I guess I would say that in quotations that you find kind of interesting that other people your age don't do.
Not yet, but Hello.
Ooh,
no worries.
of course.
Of course. Yeah.
of
course.
of
it's a great way to express yourself.
of
course,
That's a good age,
That's
it.
Of
course.
Really? What insurance do they play?
Of course.
for
Thank you.
Yeah. That's so awesome that you mentioned dancing, my friends peer pressured me to go into a uh dance club. We have our school, it's called Spiced. It's an acronym for stop pretending you can't dance, which I thought was a really funny name, I don't know who came up with that, but they deserve a better promotion. And
yeah, they talk, they teach us everything this semester, they taught us swing dancing and then pancetta, so it was like polar opposites, but both of them were super fun to learn. Uh And now I can probably say I don't dance with two left feet, uh I'm at least semi competent in either of those. Uh
but you gotta, it's a sort of spanish dancing, it's kind of like flamingo if you've ever seen that or salsa,
it is fun, yeah, and I got to meet a whole bunch of new people, I met a whole bunch of friends to that club and
they're great people afterwards, we'd go out and have fun. Mhm.
of
course.
yeah, you might as well give it a shot, you might end up loving it,
there's always that small hope.
Of
Oh yeah, for sure,
yeah, they're exciting because both of them, I wasn't excited at all for swing dancing until I walked into the studio and they started going out and I was like whoa, that's actually really impressive, I want to learn that, and after a couple of lessons I was hooked.
I was out of breath the first time I went, I was like, I need to get back in shape. It was it's fun though
until
someone shows you the moves and then you're like,
of course.
That
does sound pretty scary, but it sounds very exciting too.
I'm good. Um When I clicked one of the tabs, it kept up a timer, we're running at 31 minutes right now. Um if you want, we could end the conversation. I'm not really sure how to end the conversation though. Um Do I just exit out of the tab?
Of course. It was awesome.
Getting to know you too.
Thank you.
Of course. Good luck finding a new club.