well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. What? Well what? Uh huh uh Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh But yeah. Oh wrong what? Oh bump but I'm sorry? Uh Yeah. Uh huh I'm what? No. Oh. Mhm. Oh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Oh. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah
no worries. It's all good.
I'm
good. How are you?
It's pretty cold where I am today so which was a little warmer
from New Jersey,
Oh nice nice. I wish yeah.
What's uh what's going on? What are you up to today?
What a bike?
cool. Kind of bike, like a mountain bike or?
like a cruiser maybe?
Okay roll back. Nice. You like to be like a lot nice. Yeah I have a I have a mountain bike but I don't really use it all that much. I wish I use it a little bit more than I do
texas like super flat.
Okay I've only been to Texas one setting.
I went to Austin.
Oh cool, cool. Yeah
I
went yeah but I went to Austin for South by Southwest actually for work. That was pretty cool.
Um I work as an internal communications manager for a Biosciences company.
Uh So if there's like an email that has to go out to two people in the company, I usually write it and send it to everybody. Um Or like um you know we have like a website that only our employees can access, so I control all the information that goes up on there and and you know I write articles for people and stuff about what they're doing at work and the kind of things that they are trying to get out to the public or you know if there if they were really successful or something like I help people get that information out. Um So it's fun. I kind of like you can think of it as like being a journalist or like a reporter but only about the things going on inside my company and the only people listening to me are the people inside my company.
Yeah. It's cool. It's it's fun. Um I started working here in March so um it's definitely definitely been an interesting, interesting job so far our product. Uh it
helps with um it's kind of like anesthesia almost but it's an injection. So like if you're getting like knee surgery or shoulder surgery or something, a doctor can inject you with our drug and you won't feel any pain. Like if you ever have like a tooth pole or something, it's kind of like that where they put novocaine in your gums and you can't really feel the tooth come out. It's like that for surgery.
Yeah, it's pretty cool. And and our big thing is like uh we are trying to fight the opioid epidemic. So our big thing is like if it's been proven that patients that take our drug for surgery use less opioids. Um
So
like perks said and all that kind of stuff like that. They don't they don't really need it because their their shoulder or whatever the surgery is is like it's numb um for a couple of days so they don't feel the
brunt of the pain after the surgery. So it's uh it's also in that way it's like kind of doing good for the world.
Good.
That's cool though.
That's fun. Well do you guys hang out or?
It must be tough.
Yeah, you're used to it.
Can you write or anything or
no? Yeah.
no worries.
Nice.
Um
Good.
what time is it for? 13?
The sunsets in like 15 minutes so it's almost dark.
Yeah I think the sun has been sitting around 4:30 here lately.
Yeah. Isn't
that weird? I feel weird,
yep. It's it's obviously it's 4 13 here. Yeah and I hate when it gets dark like this so early, it's the worst. Uh
Yeah. Yeah it's uh hate when it's dark. It's like I bought a skateboard over the summer, I've been trying to learn to skateboard and uh I like don't feel confident enough on the board to skate when it's dark. So like now that it gets dark so early obviously I'm like working all day and then by the time I'm done with work it's dark. I'm like I'm not going to go skate now I'm gonna hit by a car.
Yeah. Yeah. I wish I could ride my bike to like the grocery store or something, but the Roser is too busy where I live. Yeah.
Yeah, it's tough to find a good route to bike in uh certain places you said you go to college.
Cool. Nice. What are you studying there?
Oh, excellent. Nice. Cool. You like it
That's
gotta live your own life, right?
I remember those days. Yeah. My parents didn't really try to like convince me one way or the other. I didn't really know what I wanted to do when I went to college. So uh it's funny kind of the place that I ended up now because it's like
uh what I what I
do, like all the different pieces of what I do at my job now are kind of like uh a culmination of a lot of different things that I've done in the past. So it's kind of cool to like, You know, 10 years from 29, so 10 years out of college, basically, almost now, I'm finally doing something that like, encompasses everything that I've been interested in since, you know, I started thinking about college and jobs and work and stuff, so it's kind of gratifying and cool in that respect, because you just got to find like, what you wanna do, right? I mean, don't let anybody tell you otherwise, because actually, last year, um almost switched into a totally different career. I uh I was going to graduate school to get a master's degree in teaching, and I was going to become a high school english teacher and I ended up dropping out of the program during student teaching because I just decided that it wasn't for me. So
yeah, three years in graduate school and uh no degree to show for it. But
that's all right.
It
was
tough. It was tough.
Uh No, it was last night I commuted. I wasn't like going there full time and I was doing I did it over the course of like three years, so I was only taking one class a semester. Um if I had done it all together it probably would have been like 30, But I continued to work so I was able to kind of like afford it as I was going obviously not really saving money at that point if I'm paying for school and my like groceries and you know, gas and all like rent and everything. But yeah, it was worth, it was worth it to figure out like, hey this is really not what I want to do because I had, I had thought about like doing this in college, I went to Rutgers and I thought about doing it there. I was like in a five year program for it and I decided not to do it. Um And then I was in a job that I basically hated right after that. And uh that was when I decided like, all right, well now or never. And I'm glad I didn't know because you know, I wouldn't want to be like 55 years old or 60 years old, be like. let's try this now and then, you know, it doesn't work out or if it ended up the same way it ended up like that would be terrible being that old and like, you know, I think I would feel even worse about it probably then.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And I wouldn't say I failed. I think I I felt like I feel maybe at first, but um but after, you know, some time passes and you need to think about it a little bit more. I don't think it was a failure. I think it was just just like you said before like this is life, it's just the way that it rolls. Mhm.
Oh man, my girlfriend makes fun of me because I have so many things I do for fun that she's not interested. Um I play video games. Um I play guitar, play a little bit of base, which is almost the same as guitar anyway, um write songs. I like to read. I could keep going.
Are
you by chance? Ice,
well what what's your favorite genre of book to read?
So uh I mean you've definitely read them like 1984 or brave new world?
okay, I've read that
O Brave New World is like one of my favorite books,
it's a crazy
book, but I mean if once you get to the end you're kind of like whoa, that's like pretty uh it's pretty realistic, right?
Oh boy, that's a tough question to answer. Um My favorite book, let me look at my bookshelf, that's right next to me, I don't know, it might be a Brave New World. Brave New World is an awesome book, that's definitely up there for me. Um Yeah, I love the harry potter books, those are awesome. Um jesus Mhm. It's funny because like there's books that are your favorite and there's also like books that mean a lot to you, you know what I mean? Like uh I don't know, maybe you've read this, maybe in high school, it's
probably back Siddhartha
man.
True,
true.
Um That's that's actually like one of my favorite books, I think just because of the time that I read, I read it my senior year of high school and I don't know, it just meant a lot to me and it just like really uh it like made sense to me because it's not like um it's not like a very like plot driven book, the way that, you know, a dystopian novel might be or like a sci fi novel or something or like Game of Thrones. It's basically the story of the buddha actually and um how he became the buddha and it was just like the philosophy of it all just made sense to me and like, I was my senior year of high school, I was like, really not, I was not in like a great place mentally, and it just kind of clicked for me and I was like wow, this is this is like how life really is, if that makes sense.
that's a great book.
Yeah, I read that book a few years ago. Yeah, that book is great. That looks awesome.
I would like to reread that book actually.
Yeah, that was a really good book. I liked that book a lot and that's um I've always wanted to read more of his books. I never have though. I think I have maybe he right, Cat's Cradle.
I think he wrote a book called Cat's Cradle. I think I have it on my kindle. But I never I never got into it yet. I also really like Stephen King. I don't know if you ever read any Stephen King,
you remember the plot
sounds
I can't think of what, what does it carry? Maybe.
that's it. I wrote a bunch of his books. His books are great. The best one that I've ever read actually is his first book though. The shining which you might have seen the movie
now. The movie
is good but I would say the book is better. It's one of the few books in my life ever that I have literally like brought with me everywhere and not been able to put down unless I absolutely had to I could not stop reading that book. The book is amazing.
Yeah, I actually just read a scanner darkly over the summer.
Uh scanner darkly is about this guy who is like a he's I guess he's like a cop. I forget what it's called in the book but for now we'll just call him a cop and he investigates like druggies and the but he also he's undercover so he kind of is a druggie and then it's like it just messes with his head because they have him like investigating himself so he's like making because the people who are doing the investigations don't know who's like actually a cop and who's actually the druggie. So they have him investigate himself. So he like loses his personality because he's trying to be like these two people at once and the drug also message with his head and he actually likes taking the drug while also doing like the cop thing. So he like start these personalities start to like nash together and then they just like completely split. They like go through each other almost and that's like a really metaphysical way of explaining the plot of that book. Um But that book was really good and it made me want to read more of his books.
I've never heard of that one. What's it about?
Yeah. Well I mean a scanner Darkly was kind of kind of messed up too by the end of it. That's actually a movie. Also a scanner. Darkly with like anna Reeves and somebody else. Pretty famous I think too.
Oh probably dazed and confused. I love that movie. Have you ever seen that?
Oh nice. I've never seen Me Girls actually.
That's that's interesting. The first movies I remember watching her, definitely not of that caliber. Yeah.
Trying to think. Probably like I don't even know if you've noticed about this movie but like the tim Burton version of batman. Um Good burger Yrc. Good burger.
man.
Oh man. Good burger is amazing. Good burger is so good. That's that movie is awesome. Um 98. So you're a year older than my brother actually.
Yeah my brother just turned 21. Mhm. Yeah, good burger, that was great. The
Mighty
Ducks,
good burger. Um It's about this like small burger joint with like a
kind of
like a really dumb
cashier and uh this huge burger company called Mondo
burger comes
to
the same town and Mondo burger like tries to put
good burger out of business and basically the guys at good burger like fight back. Um And it's it's like it's a comedy, it's really funny and it makes a lot more sense when you've seen the show all that on Nickelodeon.
Yeah, keenan, Thompson. Yeah, he was in the good burger movie.
Yeah, keenan and Kill are the two main characters. Key and Thompson from SNL and then kell who's from Nickelodeon from all that. I don't know what else he's in, right?
No, my my whole family was allergic to cats and dogs growing up so I never really had a pet, but I am probably going to get a dog at some point um since I don't live with them anymore and I'm not really allergic to dogs, so.
Nice. Yeah, I definitely want a dog. I think I would want like a jack Russell terrier or uh I wish golden retrievers didn't get so big because they're so
cute
as puppies, they get huge and they shed a lot. So I don't know if I want to get a golden, but a corgi would also be cool. I like Corey's, they're like little like logs.
Um I mean, I think any dog can be a good dog or a bad dog depends a lot on like the trainer and you know, the events of that dog's life, I think um people's maybe have a little bit more of an angry temperament, but I'm not sure if that's just like a stereotype or if it's actually true.
I don't know. I don't I can't think of a time when I ever had like a bad experience with the people, but I can't think of a time when I was like, I love this dog either. But
I
get that. Yeah. Something dogs definitely, you see, and you're like, oh, I don't know if I'm I don't know if I'm going to say hello to that one. Mhm.
Um Not really, but it's definitely gonna probably go that way in the next week or so. Um Obviously like if you were paying attention to the news and stuff like you saw in March and april, we were the first ones basically to do that. And then like all summer we seem to be pretty good with case levels like when a few 100 a day throughout most of the summer and even through like september and now we're like hitting higher numbers than we ever did in March and april. Um and I think the governor is like really reluctant to say like, hey, we're gonna shut everything down and I get it too, because like it's hard, I mean people's businesses rely on people buying from them and if you shut everything down again, some of these businesses that barely made it through the first time may not make it again. So I don't like, I don't know what the best solution is. I think somebody's got to give them money to survive somehow if we want them to survive, whether it's the state government or the federal government, and I think that's why the governor here is probably pretty reluctant to shut everything down. But like philadelphia, I don't know if you saw philadelphia is locked down until after christmas. Um pretty much everything is shut, like restaurants can only be takeout gyms are closed. Um I think churches and stuff are still open, but like very limited capacity. Like I'm not even going to my parents house for thanksgiving next week. I'm just gonna hang hang where I am because um even though I can work from home every day, I coach a hockey team with a bunch of kids from all over the state. Um so I, I just don't really want to take the risk. My parents are older, my parents are 61 and 55, so I just don't want to take a chance and they're already taking a chance with my brother because my brother is in college, so he's gonna be coming home from college and like, I don't really want to add to the risk factors. So I don't know, we're not we're not in lockdown yet, but I have a feeling give it a week and you'll probably see New Jersey on the lockdown list.
Yeah. I mean
It's crazy. It's crazy to see like all summer, you know, we kind of hovered between like 30,000 and 70,000 cases and now you're seeing like 177,000 in the day. It's like how do you not, I just don't understand how people don't take it seriously when you see numbers like that. Like there's just there's no other disease that infects that many people in one day. Like
just
No, no, I mean,
I don't understand that, I don't
get
that.
Like
you have
to wear
a shirt to go into a store. So what's the difference if you have to wear a mask? Like, I don't know, you have to wear shoes, you wear socks, I guess.
You don't have to wear
socks.
Amy.
maybe. I don't know. It's it's uh it's tough to say, I mean there's there's definitely people like that here too, I would say probably maybe the people here care a little bit more considering, you know, we had a mask mandate from the very start, like it was never a question, it was like wear masks. Um I also live in like a fairly wealthy county, so I think, you know, maybe that has something to do with it to. Um And I don't really live near a city per se, I mean
I'm not that far from new york, I'm only like an hour away from new york city, but um so I don't know, it's
uh Tough times out there. 2020 has been a year for the record books I think.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely it's definitely tough. Like my brother,
he goes to the quinnipiac and in Connecticut and he's like all of his classes are on the line, so
he's up there because he lives off campus, but he was just like, this sucks. Like, like at first he was like, yeah, I have more time to like hang out and do random stuff and like drink and whatever, but after a while he was just kind of like, this sucks man, Like this sucks so
boring. The classes online are not fun, like they're not interesting. It's hard to pay attention and like, I don't I don't know
what I would do man, if I was in your situation, like that stinks, I didn't have to go through college virtually.
What do you mean?
Um I don't know. That's a good question. I mean, I went to school in New Jersey, went to Rutgers, so I was literally like a 45 minute drive away from my parents house. But I don't know if it's probably good mix. Like a lot of, a lot of people from New Jersey go to New Jersey schools, but I would say a lot of people from New Jersey leave the state. Like a lot of people will go to Philly or pennsylvania and New york state. Um It's probably a pretty good mix of both, I would say.
Well
huge
state, right?
Like it takes me to be, I'm, it takes me um about an hour or so to get to New york city, depending on the time of day and stuff. And then it takes me like maybe two hours, 2.5 hours to get to Philly. So I'm writing between like two huge cities, if I wanted to go to boston it would take like four hours. Um Yeah I could go to D. C. In about like five hours, four or five hours Baltimore, say like 3.5 or four. Um
What other major cities are Riebe? I guess that's kind
of it Connecticut doesn't really have a major city new york obviously in new york city but.
Yeah no I get it.
Yeah I've never been on a grand but I've taken like uh
ever heard of the mega bus?
Yeah I've taken the mega bus from here to boston and that honestly that was not a great trip either.
That's no good.
Better get a car.
that's interesting. I mean I live
literally like around the block from a train station so
or and there's also like a bus depot not a bus depot but like a bus stop multiple blocks
away. Like probably three different areas near means it isn't it crazy how like different things are in different parts of the country.
yeah. Yeah I don't know. Yeah it's just it's different.
Yeah. Yeah I've been to L. A. I've been to san Francisco, I've been to Tempe and phoenix. Uh I've been to Tampa I've been to where else I've been I've been to Milwaukee, been to Green Bay. Um I've been to like Portland Maine boston
obviously. Um I've been in Seattle I'm in Vancouver I've been to Niagara Falls. I'm in Chicago and I'm happy yet.
You
know what you don't get too much snow in Baltimore
Yankees
cold
here.
Oh yeah I've been to Vegas to Vegas is cool.
That's not surprising, California is super expensive.
my
uncle,
that's actually
Yeah, I was I was there in March, so it wasn't too bad um
But I like phoenix, it was a sleepy little city.
think,
I think state minimum wage in New Jersey is also 725, but it might have gone up to 8:25.
Yeah, it's low, it's pretty low. Um
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's interesting too because in New Jersey, like I mean if you're in the northern part of the state in particular, um minimum wage could never support one person, let alone a family here. I mean it's it's expensive as health to live in North Jersey and uh It's just kind of crazy that like that has not kept up with the times and somebody, it's like, I mean even
$10 an hour in North Jersey, you'd be lucky
support yourself
on that up here. It's I mean I'm it's expensive to live here.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I guess I don't know, it's all relative right? Like what I think of high cost of living, you know, somebody else might not, but what I think of like low cost of living, somebody else might be like what are you talking about, man? That's way too much money for me to pay.
Uh Right. Um I don't know, I live in a pretty wealthy county, so like, let's see, I don't I don't even know like I guess if you're paying like less than like $800 a month for rent, I'd probably be considered like pretty low cost of living in New Jersey.
I mean beats me, I pay I pay more than that per month. Um But I also have like a pretty good salary so it kind of offsets but uh Yeah, I don't know, it's it's expensive here. It's like it's, I don't even know because like South South Jersey you could probably get a place like Cheaper, but even still I don't think you could get a place for much less than like $800 a month. I
mean I don't know. It depends where you go I guess. I don't really know South Jersey all that well, but
if you go upstate it probably is. Yeah because it's a little bit more rural. Um But I mean if you're around the city like forget it. If you want to live in New York City you need you need like to pay rent like $2500 a month for a place that's like the size of this room.
Yeah. No problem. Have a good day.