Hello. Sorry about that.
Yeah. So how
are you?
Yeah, I'm doing okay. Mm hmm,
But state do you live in um
I'm in Texas, so it's like 70° right now.
So,
not only anything today. Um I bought a bike online. Um
Yeah, bob bike. I'm still waiting for it though, so.
Now it's a single speed. Yeah.
No, it's like a load bike.
Well, I live in, well, I live like a suburb, so does not really like space to go like mountain biking. So
um for most for, yeah,
What city were you in?
Oh, I'm in Houston. So
it's totally
different.
What's your job like?
What does that mean?
Okay. It's kind of cool.
Mhm.
Okay. Oh, that's kind of cool.
That's
it.
Please.
Well, um, I want a job and now it's a little job I guess.
Um, so my blood has autism and the government pays me to keep an eye on him. Probably live in the same house. So like sonic a little job.
I really just like, like watch netflix all day and just like like making black fist like I don't know like like do his laundry. That's pretty much it.
Um He's not avoidable. So we kind of hang out like, you know lily.
And yes, life,
I mean that's just how it's always been. He's my older blows. You know? It's always been this way.
No.
Oh he'll be a second. Okay. Oh. Oh, yesterday. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. And yeah, sorry about that.
I'm at home to you. My mom just call me. Yeah.
Mhm.
So
so like is it doug right now or is it like something like
this morning?
What the fuck? It's that? So like for something
you're only like an hour like ahead of me. And obviously you know it's not dark outside where I am.
Well
it's only 3-18 in like my time zone.
huh. I know like before I like to ride my bike until like age 45. But now it's like six and it's like fucking pitch dog. I'm just like what the fuck? I can't fucking go anywhere being fucking does
Yeah. That's it's been like me since like last like one or two months like I wanted on my bike some shades But it's like only like 5:30 and you know it's fucking book now.
have um one. Well I like one grocery store I live it's like three miles away. It's like a task to like some other um I'm not so I can bike there but besides like um to like a grocery story and I like my college, I cancel your bike anywhere.
Yeah I go to community college.
Computer science.
It's okay that's fine mm. I mean my mom wanted me to go to um medical school but me you know not having time for that shit. Obviously said no and she's been like the saltiest person but I feel like my sister to go to a pharmacy school and my other one is going to school for psychology. I'm just like yeah fuck you understand what I want now?
Like like
I know like your dog is a dog then why are you following me? Like like leave me alone. Oh my god.
It's like
what?
Damn.
Damn.
I would like I was just like dying inside of that was me
because
like
Isn't graduate school like 40 k. U.
Yeah I mean it's better to try and fail than notch I all I guess.
what do you do for fun?
So my hobbies. Uh I like the bicycle, I have to play chess. I totally
books
um Yeah that's very mature.
Um Like dystopian like sci fi like novels.
No I've led Fahrenheit 4 51.
Yeah I live like a little bit of the new world that's kind of strange to you know I stopped
She was wild like what the fuck?
I don't.
Um What's your favorite book?
No
now keep
in mind it's just texas so as
we know no
gang no one's going to fucking education.
Yeah. My favorite book is a lot of house five by a coat unwanted. You
have you guys?
That's a good boy
Like I don't have what described as like in one place. You know he's like really fucking the head and the other part like like you're like like you know like stories he tells. So it's a good book.
I don't know.
I didn't have like one book by him. I forgot the name. I've got the name of the book though.
Yeah it's about this woman and she like I think like her sister dies and she adopted her son as far as like because I feel like a demon of some shit.
She likes you took it slowly at hand. That's pretty much it
now assumption girls.
I haven't seen the movie.
No.
Have you read anything by um 12K. deck
I want to about
Um The only book I've read by Philip K. Dick is I have no mouth. I am a scream
you know um Having put I guess it's like a post apocalyptic and there's like five people on earth. And there's like I guess just like Ting Alan was like a computer is something it controls. Like literally I'm everything. I forgot what he did. I don't know if he like beat the computer or if you like I think he helps them commit suicide. So they're like so like the computer like takes away his mouth and like torches him and yeah that's the end of the book. This kind of fuck though.
What's your favorite movie?
My favourite one is um a mean girls.
It's like one of the first movies that I'm watching, remind my mom came home. She actually movie she had like um The Mean Girls. It was I think it was the Lord of the Rings and White checks and like the Stepford wives. Those are the first movies that I remember watching.
Yeah.
No, I was born in
98, so I don't know what that is.
Yeah, I'm So in 22 and like two months.
What
sort
of problems?
What
And
No.
Among
comes
to
But
is that, that show has a guy from, I think he's a guy from SNL,
I've like seen clips of it on Youtube. I haven't like actually watched it.
Um So so do you have any pets?
Um I have two dogs. One of them is like a two hour mix, the other one is his son, is it to all mixed slash Antalya? And those are pets that I have?
I
know.
Okay, so in your opinion, do you think that um people's good dogs?
Oh no, it's true. I was wondering your opinion, cause I've only had bad experiences with pit bulls, but I'll be riding my bike and like also chasing me and shit and I'm like don't worry, he's friendly. I'm like no fucking dog come and get it. I'm like, I just, I'm just terrified of people. Like the heat is fucking crazy.
they were just looking at I and just like hell no. Yeah, I just chaotic look, but I want to do any of that.
It's just too much.
So like um it just states on lockdown on all.
Yeah. Apparently my county is like the voice indiana culturally. Yeah. I don't hear his county until the government doesn't actually give a shit. So people just catching fucking Kelowna. It's walking around with it, like no one really queues and like it's really starting the show I guess. So
who's going to see how it turns out?
It's not
surprise me now. Like
it like americans have this version of like freedom which is kind of like, you know the steepest version of flame there is because you know, they don't want to wear a mask because it violates the lights like what the fuck?
Like,
like
how's
our
words
go?
I
think
it's like I'm I'm contrary to everything. They actually give a fuck. Like there's what they want to be an asshole like
who actually cares about this,
And
So
I mean this was kind of fun, you know because you know, a teacher like delayed like you know, oh usa and then he like told us like withdrew like the second one, I was like fuck yeah, I'm definitely getting an A now and you know, it was good for a while and you know, I got like all A's in all my classes and I was like, fuck yeah, but now you know it's getting in the hand.
problem.
So
So
and
Um is it common to like Olivia stage for stuff or like no,
you said your blood goes to school and like on Connecticut, are you living? I'm New Jersey. Is that like calling for you or is that like uncommon?
I was wondering because you know, because I live in texas, so leaving the state it doesn't really like happen. So
how does
I'm wondering?
newest city is like three hours away. It's austin or san Antonio so yeah.
one
the problem.
to be honest, I can't relate because you know, that's not how weeks here and
and even if we did we don't have any public transit. So if you try, if you're trying to go to a different city, you need to go on like a bus or you have to like drive there And you'll want to get on a greyhound bus. That's the last place you want to get. The ticket is only like $15 for like actually I would slip. So obviously obviously like like anyone can go there like half of us is like obviously like homeless Just like the shape is placed on the fucking one.
I know.
Yeah that was nice of you.
I have a feeling like Like like if you're trying to get a lot of the perfect place is a greyhound bus station after seven PM. Believe it or not, you're getting fucking loved. It's not an option.
I mean that's just how it works Exist. He was fucked. Like if you want to go so you're on your own.
I mean, there's no public transit. The nearest bus station is like five miles away. And you have to go, you have to go through like an underpass. So it's not, it's not the experience.
Hi.
So
What?
Yeah. Like in order to get to the bus station after like cross train tracks and go like underneath flight and the overpass. And then, and then I eventually get to the bus station. It's like an entire trip. It's kind of a shit show to be honest. Like he's giant shit show. Like everything in Houston is like in the suburbs. So if you don't have a car, you can just go fuck yourself because you know. No God damn thing. So it was kind of out of hand. And that's his life I guess.
Have you ever been to like, it's a like Los Angeles or like Miami? Like somewhere else or no.
Well,
Oh well I once went santa when I was like seven. We saw Shamu. I was like remember it So you know, it was a while ago. Um I'm asking because I talked about moving states. But like none of the cities like in my fucking budget and the ones that are I like fucking cold. And obviously, you know, I can't go in Baltimore because like its nose and shit and
like,
well, you know I mean though like the only
imagine
studios
that like aren't cold and like California florida and like I think it's like phoenix and las Vegas and
I couldn't afford a single city in California.
The only place I could afford was like Bakersfield or like fucking what's the other one I'm Oakland and you know I'm not trying to
get
shot
so you know but now so I only choices were like um phoenix zoo and like las Vegas and you know um Nevada has like an eight stall a minimum wage. So you know what the fuck I'm not gonna live there. So I say I'm like I'm in Arizona but you know like it's just really hard for one.
what?
That's like like like like I don't live it's like just my state because it As a minimum wage of like 7:25. Like like all this I want to go to have like extremely low a minimum wages cell. Yeah. Well
it's like the only option
what the fuck?
Like everyone is south is extremely well.
If
what? Um
No.
Like the cheapest opposed me in my city is like 500. It's like in the voice part of the ghetto like so it's the street name. It's you'll see like it's like an uncle about like the shooting and it's like a dozen such articles of years like oh fuck now it gets quiet.
What's concerned like low in like New Jersey.
What the fuck if the member wages like Like 1300 months? How the fuck is that gonna be fucking 800
as
at that point like wow. Just like good like of new york like isn't what chief of housing there?
Um I gotta go. Is that okay?
bye.