Hello.
Yeah. Oh all right. Mhm.
whatever it is. It's clear so we can talk. Um
So what's going on?
Cool. Is it finished or is it gonna just be carved out? I used to just call them as a kid but
never
tried to I never want to try to do any of that.
interesting.
Probably not. I don't know. Trying to think. It's worth even dressing up normally. Like I would and hanging out with friends or whatever. Um Or my girlfriend whatever, but now let's, you know, end up, what am I going to do? I don't know what to do do. I dress up and just sit down on the couch. Like I normally do like going out. I don't know, it's just tough to decide and I'm in new york. There's no parade. Not that I was a big fan per se because I got a little like pretty crowd. It's pretty crowded there. But
stop.
like the city new york city right? Not like upstate or anything. Um If I had to guess I don't know probably at the most but like a friend's apartment or house and hang out there maybe watch a movie. Um
It's a little little but how about you? Yeah.
No not at all. They canceled. I'm pretty surprised wow
and
No. Yeah I understand that. I'm from the city I live in Brooklyn now but I'm from Staten Island so the same kind of deal in Staten Island people like no we're doing it anyway we're doing so I got that. Yeah it's tough. Uh I don't know I guess for the kids but what are you gonna do? I don't know how dangerous it is anyway. I mean it's outside um everyone kind of up in theory for the most part has like a mask on whether or not it's a you know it's
maybe you know better than I
I'm
just
new york like I can't imagine in new york so if it's anything like that I guess it would be bad.
Yeah then if I'm gonna watch a scary I don't even know. Yeah
certainly scary movies out that I should know about that you know about.
Yeah I remember I remember it's here it's never the parent though. I was at a friend's house I remember and their older brother I'd like Halloween on and that was a it was just petrified and I was like what happened to you? Yeah
so be careful.
I
like
the movie.
Yeah similarly yeah I got terrified of child plays a kid actually watch the second one not too long ago. It's it's I don't hate the movie. It's just, it's like fun more than anything now. It's not, not like freaked out. So, but yeah, so Halloween. Um, I
don't know. We'll see what happens I guess. Um, maybe the weather will be bad and it won't like make me feel or make anyone feel like they're missing out.
So your kid is into middle and he's young, interesting.
Don't know them.
Not a, not
World War two.
Yeah. History
buffs.
Yeah, it's cool.
at a public defense office I work, I'm an investigator there. Uh, I want to be a lawyer at some point but didn't go to law school yet. So for now I'm an investigator. I, you know, pretty much work out in the field. Mostly we got cases after people get arrested and then you know they had in their defense will try to get video from the locations where stuff happened or talk to witnesses and stuff. Sometimes I get to testify in court and stuff like that. So it's like a fun interesting job and you know, I like the uh, you know, ideology, but some people, you know, it's really, you know, I feel like don't miss how people feel about that kind of work. So
very, it is. How about you?
So they any product or just um, you?
Well, all right.
No thing
I never heard of,
I mean, I will say it's somewhat unique. I didn't never heard of anyone else doing that.
I guess so. I mean it's just like an interesting thing like we want you to, we're paying you to like just essentially take an educated guess how much this would like what costs or way or
just
for
that?
Good.
academic. It
sounds
like
Sounds
like a lot
of
that's
interesting.
Yeah. Actually, so you were actually busier during the end of it? A
Yeah, no, that's that's pretty crazy. Um heavily until august though, I didn't realize it was like that bad. Like a lot of people are still like high demand. Maybe that's the benefit of being in new york. Like you know, after like the end of March stuff was available again. But there was a couple of weeks I was like, I can't believe and like unable
to and like just questioning like how everything works. Like why can't I just get toilet? But I guess, yeah, I guess small towns that might be a little uh harder
to come
back.
Yeah, everyone had the same
idea. I guess
it's
time to work on my baking. Like everyone had that, you know England, a lot of people are like into bread making all of a sudden so many like hobbies. I just watched like netflix more like I didn't do any kind of constructive things like mm So
I don't know.
there's nothing
right, You know Exactly. There's nothing to feel bad about it. Just, you know?
right. Yeah. I didn't solve like uh you know, cold case or anything like that. Nothing like interesting. Well, I mean to other people but yeah, no so I don't know. I never know how to feel about that. Like I don't know what I should be doing but I don't feel like doing, I'm not gonna do it. I don't know it's going to watch for T. V. Or whatever. I feel like there's never enough time to relax so it was like I got time to do it, I'll take advantage. So I think now is an extended uh like you know just a big like extended break.
not bad right? In some ways I mean I don't I'd rather than not be the pandemic. But yeah otherwise I don't know you just think back like how many years in a row that I just work like 40 or more hours a week and it's just like Jesus you know on a regular basis anyway so.
right now at first it was weird I guess. Um there's just a big you know culture shock like oh I'm just stuck here inside I can't go anywhere, nothing's open. And then it was like you know stuff staying closed for a couple of weeks and like our whatever but then it was like longer and longer was like, oh God, like Pat decided. And then like, you know, it took like I would say a month and then I was like, all right. My body adjusted. I guess it was like this is it now we just do this more, just stay inside all the time. But after that, yeah, it was cool. You just need to find ways to occupy your mind. You know, eventually I'm going to try to study for like law school and stuff like that. So hopefully I'm a little productive, but you know, for the time being, it's like netflix, crosswords, video games. I don't know, whatever else, stuff like that.
But
yeah, no, for sure. You just kind of and like you're just more used to it. Like, you know, everything is just like on the basis that this endemic exists now. It's not like you're just like, what the hell? Nothing's open. Like it kind of got used to that. So that was cool. Um that I adjusted. But that was a fun thing like that. It actually, you know, you do get used to your surroundings at some point. Um,
I guess no matter like what happens. And I mean now I would say every couple of weeks ago, out into the field, a couple of times, I try to limit it though. So, um, I don't know, still somewhat not like nervous, but you know, I just want to be safe about it. So I don't try to go out there if I don't have to unnecessary trips. Try
to not take
Yeah, there's a ton of people and uh,
Yeah. I mean, it's it's been all right. Um, everyone wears their mask. Um I don't know around where you are like because when I'm home, even in Staten Island, just like, you know, population density isn't as big so you know, I'm just like I don't need a mask right now. So I mean around here though, it's super dense. Um So everyone's usually walking around no matter where they are with a mask on outside, so it hasn't been too bad. Um It's a little surprising like how like I guess good it's been since like in new york especially like, you know in april is terrible and then it just like, you know, and then it just went down and I never climbed back up really. There's a little bit now. But um yeah, it's crazy to me because I guess it's I don't know, desks or whatever, but and I don't even feel it. You know, like I'll be in a place, they'll be like, you know, a decent amount seven or eight people or whatever. And I'm not like, you know, freaking out. You know, even in like a Dunkin donuts which are, you know, very big, whatever stuff like that. So yeah, I don't know. So know what to think of any of this stuff.
Questions
like
I don't get that. Like I don't know why it has to be like a set in stone thing, like let's just be smart, you're lets you know like you said common sense, that's all you have to do. Like it doesn't take a lot
dude, it really does.
I want to yeah, I got a bachelor's degree. I went to john jay, it's in new york. It's a cuny city university like it's like I guess, you know like a public count like if you want to call it that
you know
you do,
where'd
you go?
Is that a Sunni school?
Did they call it a study? I don't know if they did.
City
had to be
How did
it?
So
city university of new york and State University of new york. So anything within the Burroughs is a city university for the most part actually it's not entirely true, but for the most part then you know what, once you're upstate so everything is a Sunni and what's the difference really? I think there's a big difference except like maybe Sunnis are slightly more expensive, still affordable and still like, you know um
kind of you know try to get new york residents to like, you know, they give them better prices and all that stuff. See the Mikuni so um it was definitely a good option for me. It was like, I don't know, I have no student loans coming out of college because the community was very cheap per semester relative to others private schools especially. Um, so
yeah, no, it was good, good decision. It was a good school is a good experience. Um, yeah, law school, I don't know what I'm gonna do. Some terrified of the price of that. It is embarrassing,
right? No, none of them achieve. Even there's a cuny law school too, but even that it's not the cheapest. Um, it's not the best. Oh,
good.
You don't even want to know what that was my girlfriend. We didn't want to be in the chart because you just got out of the ship. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah, it would have been a big deal had she dug and I think just the towel, but it is what it is. Yeah, there's like an unspoken rule because it's like a slightly common room. There's like roommates and stuff, but there's like a bedroom and a living room that way in bathrooms and stuff. So if she's on the zoom, I'll sometimes crawl across the part. It's a really odd like thing we do now. I don't know.
Oh yeah. Look at the background fucking box spring. It's just like madness over, you know, like it's yeah, this room alone the same thing. Like, you know, it's in the works like trying to just figure out, like you said, making an office space. So that's what it is.
visible
to the
world.
The window even at like, oh my God, you have a window that could see outside, wow. And stuff like that. Oh man.
Yeah. Then I don't know what's gonna happen like. Is it worth it? Like, I think it's worth cleaning up like going so hard to get new stuff. Like how long are we gonna be here? I think that's a big thing. Just like the unknown. Like making me hesitant go either way. Like do I like do we focus on cleaning this room up? Doesn't matter in the long run? Don't uh
I do,
I care
that
much.
You're never going to use that. Yeah. I just never know which way to go with. Um I don't know. Especially this is an apartment so like I could care less, you know about fixing it up. Like as far as like, you know the walls and whatnot. It's not like we owned the place. Um That's cool. Um You got a whole house, so that's nice.
that's great.
Student loans paid off. Yeah. That's not bad. And student loans pay it off. That's nice. That's good stuff.
I
know jimmy
in
but I know people
I know I know what you mean but I know
people even
I know people in my job and they're like 50s or so having paid like you know it's just I don't have any loans, how much student loans you came out with like how much money but like just here how much like people go into debt through like school? It was like good God it is frightening to me.
Godhra
it's still
terrible. Yeah. So
That's that's crazy to me
I
guess that's what's going to happen. But no. Yeah. That's crazy to me.
I
don't
like
to hear
that.
Yeah. Except it you have to accept that it's gonna be shitty for a bit. Uh I got the it's wrong that now. I'm just like all right, do I do it today? Like do I really make the plunge and accept like that I'm gonna so I'm getting there because the same thing like I'm like I can't do anything on my salary like you know, I can make do in new york but I can't get a house again, you know? Really? Save up stuff like that. So eventually I'm gonna have to make a move anyway so I might as well do it now. Um 31 now. So I'm at an age where I'm like get in there and they say getting up there
well.
But
that makes sense to me.
It doesn't make sense to try to do all that.
Thanks
for
Yeah. What are
we killing myself when we all might
be
dead
sooner
than
Yeah exactly. It's just too many, too many unknowns like I don't know is there any jobs that are out there and if there are they gotta stay opens like why go through all this one I mean you know I hate to say just be like stay like you know lateral but we don't know what's going to happen so but there are no we are kind of an acquaintance and a lot of aspects. Mhm
Come on.
Maybe.
Right. Yeah yeah yeah that would have been nuts jesus.
We got okay
do we do it yet? Are you almost done?
We
have 26,
it
started
it started like a minute earlier maybe I guess we can wait till For 27 maybe.
Wait
Oh is it okay? It's my 4th 1 mineral. Um They really do a good, I don't know I don't know how they pick people but they really do a good job seemingly picking like different people from like different areas and stuff. one from Idaho and from Georgia, one from California. No you're kind um
Yeah right exactly, new york, new England, so
did
you?
No I had I had one no show and it was, I don't know why but I mean it was like technically a no show but it was like a girl, she showed a probably a second and I was just like oh shit she's like what it was like.
Yeah right I mean the good part is though, you know it doesn't like make you missed out, you still do the six which is nice to me, Doesn't count words so that's good.
I asked was that the only way I asked like was I the only one concerned with that? Yeah. Obviously. Clearly don't like I don't know. I don't know. Um All right.
Well it was really nice talking to you.
All right. Well the rest of your four conversations. Um Take care. All
I'm