Okay, Mhm, Mhm Oh yeah, yeah. About mhm. You see, Yeah. Oh yeah, especially. Uh huh Yeah, thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh huh. Okay.
Hello? Yes,
good, I got my glasses too, just seltzer water, I promise.
Mhm
No, you see a pumpkin, yep. My son carved that last night. We're in the middle of Halloween decorating our house.
It is
cartoon,
it's a giant s for sabotage on, which is his favorite metal band. So that
was what we wanted to go with me. You got any big Halloween plans?
like new york,
like new york city or like new york, like
like
I might go with a scary movie road to usually for me um I'm in central Massachusetts and I'm in one of those small towns, but I'm in that development where everyone drops the kids off, so I usually get like 300, trick or treaters, but but this year due to the pandemic, there was no trick or treating. So
well the
town has canceled it. Although there are a fair amount of residents that are convinced that I'm going to take my kids and we're gonna march and so
it is. I don't know. I just I definitely see people all over each other because I said I'm in that neighborhood. So thank you
tens
of
people
I see, wow.
Now
I can't I don't know. I kind of want to introduce my kids to them but they're really young so I also don't want to like, you know, scar them for life.
I
remember that as a kid. I went to my best friend's house and her parents always let her do all the stuff my parents would never let us do. And I remember watching Child's play at whatever 67 years old, I cannot be petrified. I came home like that's the scariest movie ever. And when I saw it again later, like in my thirties like yeah, I don't know what I was thinking, but I promise
you at the
time
it was petrifying.
Mhm.
Maybe I figured worst comes to worst. I'll just eat a whole ton of candy since I did go out and buy candy. So I have that. Mhm.
Yes, he is uh he just turned 14 and this is a particularly Swedish metal band that specializes in World War Two. Yeah.
So
all of this, all of the songs are themed around.
World War Two and yeah. Very history. Yeah.
And
you know,
so what do you do New york City?
I imagine right now it's very uh politically polarized.
I am an estimator. I do pricing all day long. That's my job. I
tissue paper and flexible packaging, which for me is more like all the bags that your salad comes in, your carrots come in, your dog food comes in, it comes in a bag, those things. So
not to
not
not a big show of stopping job here. What
uh before I before I applied for this job, I never knew this stuff existed. But somebody's gonna make it.
Um cost so like
whatever.
So
you're buying the bag and I get to say all right, it's going to take £500
of plastic, plastic as a dollar, a pound. It will run on this machine takes three hours to set up by charged $200 an hour. So, you know, so
some
of it's
guesswork, but some of there's definitely a lot of a
lot of math
in
it. But
was
actually it was actually funny are bigger after the pandemic it. In March. We were an essential business because we make all of the plastic wrap for toilet paper and paper towels. That was a huge yeah, huge run right there.
We went like crazy. At least until I'd say august. And then at that point I think everybody all had the toilet paper and I'll have the paper towels mostly. I think you'd calm down, but I never know. Uh huh.
What?
Well, what
I found
around here, the stores were out of like the most random things, chocolate chips, but not find us for like a month. And I mean we stay home and bake so it's like all right, let's make cookies like yeah, there's no traffickers,
like
random
like
hey,
it's funny I said that when um, Which I think back in 2003 or 2004 long, long time ago, I moved across the country, couldn't take all my stuff. So I got rid of my television and I went six years without tv like I didn't watch shows, I didn't and I was like, oh, I didn't have cable. You didn't see like, no, no, no. And no, I did not, you know, learn a second language. Like I'm
like, I really just spend a lot more time on the internet. Like that's actually, you know,
I didn't learn an instrument, didn't like, you know solve world hunger.
Mhm Yes, definitely. I agree. Yeah, I definitely agree with that. Like, I mean, I'm, I'm working from home right now, not today, today is my day off, but not having to go into the, like it is like you definitely feel like there's a, just a big break and like
I know, I just think like, like I look at my mother or something like what, what do you do with all this free time now that you're retired? And I'm like, you know, you do actually come up with stuff to do and what, like you're not just sitting there twiddling your thumbs, there are actually things to do and it's not that boring and oh, your dates just fill to expand the space as they have.
Yeah, I think the first uh the first two months for the hardest for me because I know my kids got pulled this, shut down, the schools, they did this and then I had to, One of them is 14, the other one is eight and then explains the eight year old, he can't have his birthday party and I can't see your friends and like that was really, really hard. And then once school got out like I don't know, just everything kind of lifted up. I mean not not like went back to normal, but like you're saying like you get used to it and it's not the same pressures and you just kind of go with it. We spend
a lot of time outside, I don't know, just kind of go with it, you know?
Yeah.
Well
I was going to definitely freaked out a lot more if I was in a city like with all those people like
Like this probably 10,000 people in my town. I think we have 200 cases. Which percentage wise is a lot. But like it's still not like, you know, huge numbers. Like if I run into the drugstore, like there might be three of the people. Like it's not it's not the same as like being in a large city I imagine to be much, much different.
uh I guess I think around most people are really good about wearing masks are in here. What I find is, you know, once they're outside, like we went apple picking two weeks ago, three weeks ago and I mean it's all outside, But then they have a whole playground area with slides and this and this and there was still a lot of people like, oh we're outside. I'm like yeah, but there's like 200 people all standing around the swing set. Maybe, you know, can we all do? That's what I find. There's definitely a lot of, I don't know
if there's a sign
post, if there's a sign posted, it's a role. Most people are okay, but no one seems to want to like use common sense if it's not required, you know?
But
Did you, since I know you said you were looking at law school? Um you must have gone to school already undergrad.
So
what is the difference? And I went to college in new york too, but I didn't do it through
the, I
was
upstate, I went, I mean I went to Poughkeepsie um
No,
no, I went to Vassar but there was a, I can't remember if there was a Sunni or Cooney nearby,
Remember which one? Probably a Sunni,
what is the difference
between
the 2? No
one
No.
Mhm.
None of those are cheap.
No, no. I went to one of those fancy shmancy, expensive, super duper private schools and walked out with loans, but I got those behind me now took a while
but took by 10 years, but I paid him off and uh, yeah. Was that a cat or a dog?
That's funny. My kids will do that for a remote school. I'll like walk by to make sure that they're learning ma mute it. Mom, you can't be in the picture like, Oh my God. Like, so what happens is your teacher sees your mom walked by like,
I keep thinking I need to get a better setup for like all the zoom meetings and stuff like that. Like, you know, it's like, here's my dining room, everyone can see all the crap I keep on my table and
no, this has always just been like, I threw this corner, in this desk, in the corner of my dining room, so whatever, I need to pay bills or my kids need to do homework or whatever, and now it's,
yeah, it's
central
because that's where we do all our stuff and I'm like, I'm always so jealous of looking at the people have like, you know, the whole, like the fireplace or the artwork or the whole, like, I'm like, yeah.
I definitely need a better set up for all of my zoom stuff, but.
but I feel like that was my, like the work, like when they sent us all and said work from home, they gave they gave me a laptop and there are certain things where it's like, well I really like, you know, a desk chair and I'd really like um I can't get my laptop to hook up to my computer so I can't do the two screen thing, But I could buy uh some kind of adapter, it's like $200 to do that. It's like if I know I was doing this for the next five years I would, but if I'm only doing a friend of the three weeks, you know like
it
gets
stuck
like how much money or time or whatever do I want to turn everything around and then, you know, find out that.
I do have a whole house. It is, it is half paid for it. So almost
another 15 years.
Well I'm in my 40s so I have, it's not like it, you know,
not
like
I graduated
and all the stuff magically happened
took
time.
It is. I walked out with just about $20,000, so I actually didn't have quite as much as I could have. I know nowadays people have a lot more, but you know, I still find if I walked out, two of them were at nine and eight and two of them were, I think 8.5, so
took me interest rates were super
high,
like, yeah, so first three or four years were horrible. My student loans are more than my car payment more than my car insurance.
It
was
It's kinda
like
if I
wanted
to,
but I know if I wanted a house, if I wanted all this, I don't know, I just had to, you know, buckle down and do it.
See it's funny like,
I don't know, I always thought like uh I was much more career minded when I was younger and then after I had kids and after I bought it, like at this point I've pretty much chopped up career wise unless I want to go to boston or providence or Hartford or some much bigger city and I can't deal with the commute around my kids because I can't drop them off at five in the morning and pick them up at seven at night because I have to drive crazy and
I don't make I don't make enough money to buy a house closer there. So at this point I don't know, it's kind of like, well I guess I just stay where I am for at least 10 years or this, you know like maybe stuff opens up but you know,
it doesn't.
Yeah, I put
myself
into my career a lot harder and then ah some of us with the pandemic too and I just like, hey what am I killing myself for? Like
I'm
you know, we
got food
on the table,
we got
this, we got this that, you know, at the end of the day.
That's funny. I almost actually almost changed jobs in february, but after the second interview that one of the people interviewed with, I just got a bad feeling and like
it was, it was a better opportunity and more money and like it was all that, but I just, I don't know like I just got a bad feeling talking to this person, so it's like not going to do it and I don't know, maybe it's a premonition of the pandemic or something. But like,
I'm so glad I didn't start a brand new job. And then six weeks later I have to deal with this, you know?
have been crazy. So uh huh.
Yeah.
I think so.
My
my clock says 426 and I know they say you should
give
it.
that's what I was thinking because they I know
they said this is my second one, so
Well massachusetts. So I guess uh New England
and it's funny. I didn't know what to expect. I think I get three no shows before I actually
had
a real before I got a real conversation. So today I was like, what am I going to go back to that? Like no show. And the one person that showed up was like the anomaly or
no, I was gonna say all of my all of mine where I sit there and there's like a gray screen and it's grey. It's gray and just stays great. So I'm like, all right, I got away from my five minutes of great screen here.
No.
So
nice talking to you, too.
you too. All right.
Bye.