Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yes yeah. Right. No. Oh yeah Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Let's listen. Yeah, Yeah I want to thank God get the fuck yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm I understand that, yeah. Mhm. Oh right. Yeah. What? Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Right, okay. Oh the first one, yeah. Okay. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Hello?
Hi, Sorry, I was grabbing
a charger. Hello, do you hear me?
Hello? Do you hear me? Hello? Yeah. Hello, do you hear me?
Hello?
Hi, sorry, I was grabbing a charger.
So how does this thing work again? So this is a I've never done this before but I went on and just kind of look this up.
So yeah, I am a live person. I just took a date, I just took our off from work and just to to be here to chat I guess. So yeah
nothing. Did they mention that to you as well?
Yeah so they just want to do like I don't know if they mentioned a 25 minute conversation. Yeah so that is all I got, that's all the information I have is that
similar,
I work in accounting
um Things are okay, things are just crazy right? But it's just still trying to trying to keep my sanity um Trying to stay home as much as I can, still trying to exercise at home but just you know doing with just not going outside I guess.
I live in the Bay Area so similar. Uh huh.
Uh
They are they are getting better they are getting better, they are wearing more mass. Um I think people on the coast maybe our I guess maybe in California they're more they're better but I don't know maybe maybe it's other states that are not as good. I think in general California maybe better state.
that's possible. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Yeah I think I think on the other page is going to ask you a few other questions about like how the quality of the video channel in etcetera but then I don't know what are the next steps but there's at least 20 yeah 20 plus minutes left so um I have totally had no idea how this all works too. So um thank you so much time if you can maybe I guess talk a little bit about I guess your property management seems really interesting I guess. Um.
Got it. So you have always worked from home for the last 20 years?
More than 1515 years I've been doing for a while um just just been going in the office of course. Uh I work in San Francisco, downtown San Francisco so I work for a tech company, just software tech company. Uh So
yeah just been doing accounting for a long time just you know nothing out of the ordinary you know normal operation accounting from you know um been doing for a while now so I managed a few people but you know kind of do the whole full cycle anything you can think of accounting wise you can from collecting a check to paying a bill to doing payroll to just yeah any anything operationally I do so. Yeah.
No no it's much much smaller company now. Yeah.
In data.
So so how do you find this website? Is it prolific that that you're on? Is that is that the Yeah. Yeah. Same here.
No.
Yeah, I've heard about that. I haven't done so I hear it, it's not that great, have you done that or?
So yeah, similar. Similarly I I just do a prolific um it's just on my downtime if I see it sometimes like like if I'm on the computer anyways, you have nothing else to do. You know, make you make, you know like a dollar here and there, you know by doing, you know for a few minutes. That's how I feel. Um I don't think even I make much money off of it. I think an entire month I make I don't know $20 maybe off of it. I don't think I make a lot of because because it's hard to like really babysit the website right? Like you have to really
walk board right? Yeah. So for me it's not so much that if I'm on, if I see something I may do it. Is that is that similar to what you?
Oh it's it's gone.
Uh huh. Yeah. For them maybe it is like a full time gig right? So I so I I totally understand like maybe for you and I totally like something on the side like right? And and and it's maybe for fun as well, it's not so much as you know I'm not dependent on this $10 for a living, right? So I don't I don't babysit the website.
rents are really expensive, rents are really really, yeah
if you're living in san Francisco like one bedroom like people, most people have roommates and stuff, it's like close to at least $1500. A person for roommates like two bedroom 15 Yeah 1500-1800 easily could be $2,000. So just really high in general. Mhm.
totally.
I mean
you live in one of those departments that that you are doing a property manager so you really don't have rent in the sense right on it.
Yeah I live alone uh in an apartment so um so paying that high rent but you know soon I will get married so hopefully that will share the responsibility so but not yet
you, yeah.
15 more around minutes. Yeah.
Yeah I think that's what they're trying to that's what they want to understand right? Um is how to once they threw it for 25 minutes. Um Yeah totally. So so besides the mechanical turk and prolific is there anything else you do you said you said you do the U. S. C. What is that USC.
Uh Sounds good.
So
I I try to I mean with Covid it's hard. Right? I try to do a lot of sports impossible. I do a lot of running. I'm just trying to keep you know especially with cold but just want to be in better shape I guess. Um You know I don't want to you know you know most people during covid are probably eating a lot more and being you know gaining more weight actually for me I'm actually losing more weight well and during covid because I'm just running a lot more
I just want to stay in great shape. Yeah to kind of yeah. Um Yeah so running is one of my hobbies nothing really major watch sports a little bit. Um Nothing really you know. Yeah, very typical I guess san Francisco is a lot about like outside you know like you know enjoying the nature and you know because it's so green you know the weather is nice you know it's cold most of the time but you know it's great for like outdoor activities.
No.
Yeah I I have been
there before.
What?
Mhm. So we have 10, we have 10 plus minutes so um so yeah so besides prolific, I I recently joined. I you know I wanted to see what all these surveys are about. There's a there's a there's a few more out there at that I guess but I don't know which ones are good. Um It seems prolific is really good because once you click on it, whatever surveys you do you do get the money. I guess some other surveys are like you can do it but you don't get the money right? I've heard of those before,
Colonel.
Yeah.
Never heard of that. Yeah. But
but I don't use it. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, Prolific. It seems like I can't make that much. I really have to be on 24/7 to make money. I feel I'm prolific. Right? Is that how you? Yeah.
And it's hard.
Sorry go ahead.
Sorry
I
I was saying prolific.
so I I was saying on prolific. I've noticed that there's a lot more maybe um surveys and stuff in the morning time. Maybe like I don't know from 8 to 10, 8 to 10 a.m. There's a lot more, but then it really dies out say by the 34 PM it's there's not much so I really stop
maybe some asian countries as well on the weekends like on sunday because it's their monday. So at nighttime I've noticed there's some like Australia could be at nighttime like Singapore or like certain countries. Yeah so sunday at sunday night it could be possibly be good. I mean if you just log in and just check maybe from like I don't know 8 to 10 p.m. You can check because it's like monday morning their time. I've seen some from but nothing I mean I think the best time is 8 to 10. Have noticed 88 A. M. To 10 a.m. Monday to friday seems to be the if I get anything I feel it's it's one of those. I mean sometimes in the
early
afternoon like 12 PM as well, but is that, is that what you see?
Mhm But still, that means you still really are babysitting in the sense, right? Like, oh,
if you see something, if you're in the middle of something Right, right, Yeah, yeah,
I have no clue how this works, I totally have no clue. Um there is this another page on there where it's asking, you know, how was the issue of the, you know, were there any issues with this chat? Did anything go right or wrong? I'll follow through on that page
and
yeah, so I'll follow through on that page and and we'll see
say
that I'm sorry,
we have about 88 minutes. About 89 minutes,
Yeah, yeah, understood. So um yeah, I have only done prolific for about a month, I've started only in july, have you been doing it for a while?
Mhm. So they have been around for a while then,
Got
it. Yeah, I always assume there's a lot of these out there because I guess people really like I guess you know not not people in general, but you know everything is value based upon surveys right from consumer
products to anything, right? So they definitely want opinions of everyone.
Yeah, totally. Yeah.
Yeah. So for them,
yeah, I mean it may be a good idea. Right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right.
So yeah, how's the weather over there right now?
That's
The
whole
santa Monica is a really nice area to live higher, so it's
and
it's really expensive too. Right,
I've heard, yeah, I don't know where it ended but yeah, I've never done that the LA1 but it seems like a really nice nice run.
Yeah so yeah we have about five minutes left on on this but at the weather here is really really um
it's really, I don't know how to explain it, it's really it's overcast, it's foggy, it's foggy right now. It's just that marine layer from the beach that the marine layer we get that very often. Uh So it's not it's really like you know it's kind of like all white outside, I can't really see anything really and something so it's Not the best of weather, there's no sun right now and it's probably 55-58° or so. Only. Yeah
I only been I have been twice I believe I've been twice. Um I
went when I was like and elementary school when I was you know class field trip and then we went when I was much older. It's nice in there but it gets really eerie once you get inside like the actual cells and stuff, the actual prison cells. Um It just doesn't it just doesn't seem like it's really cold and I guess it's more of an airy feeling.
You're like listening to like like they have all these recorded tapes so you're listening to recorded tape while you're walking through like like a guided tour like like those. So so you're listening to telling you exactly where to go. So it's kind of creepy as you walk in and as they tell you to walk into these cells and then there's a piece where they actually lock you in. Um So all these cells will be locked in and then you know so so the feeling of like you're trapped inside. so stuff like that. So overall
I
guess it's
fun. It's just you see a lot of history I guess you see how I would
feel
how people you live there. You know how they escaped you know the overall you know? So but yeah I think I think why they shut it down was it just cost too much that
towards where they are? But I mean I mean the prison in general right? The reason they didn't do it was just the cost. It was just just too
much.
We have a few minutes. I don't know how I can prove to them that is exactly
25 minutes but probably they have something on the back end that that shows The video chat was on for 25 minutes.
will say
that,
Yeah mm. Does it say what the other page tells you? But I don't think there's anything else it's really going to tell you
is claiming.
Yeah. And this way even after 25 minutes, make sure it's over 25 minutes before we leave that page.
So so you said you have to run some errands right now, so you know. Yeah.
Got it. God. So just running some errands? Right.
Yeah, I'm gonna leave that open for now and we'll see how that goes. But yeah, I'm not closing it. Um There's this question is asking me is there's no issues. The quality was good. Our partner
showed
up and we had a chat for at least 25 minutes. Right? That is where where
I'm
on. Right. My clocks is 9:24. So I'm going to wait until 9:25. You can work with that. Just just just just a clock on my laptop says 924 So I'm just going to wait another 30 seconds or so beforehand. Well yeah I think that's the only question I see right I don't see any other questions.
Okay. And then they asked me how many minutes did you speak with your partner reported? Did not show up into a number of minutes so
yeah I type that in and on the next phase yep I said it's great yep. Okay
yeah so I'm answering that survey right now. Are you on that as well?
You have a great day. Have a great weekend.
Thank