Okay.
Uh, Obviously somebody. Hello? Yeah, I can see their shit apply itself. Hello? Yeah,
be there. Hi.
Hi,
his mother. Yeah. Yeah,
Production. Hello?
Hello? Hi.
That's okay.
Yeah, I did. To be honest, I don't know. And said to have a conversation with a live person. Okay.
Um, did they tell you what to talk about or anything like that?
No, nothing. So here we go.
Me too.
So, um, what kind of work do you do?
Oh, okay. That's good. I do property management so I can pretty much, you know, do my own time. How are you doing during the covid?
Well, I don't have a problem going out live in santa Monica. So, you know, it's pretty nice to go outside and walk around and stuff like that.
Yeah. Everybody
wearing mask or there or are they still rebelling?
Yeah. Well, I heard Huntington Beach, a lot of people there didn't really want to wear their masks, so.
So what are we supposed to do? Give them a code
when we go back to the original survey?
Um it's okay. It's what it is, is it's residential. So if somebody wants to rent an apartment or a loft, I helped them out with that and I've been working with this for over 20 years. So right now it's kind of like, it's kind of like mundane. I could do it in my sleep, take thing. Yeah, but it's cool because I get to do it from home. So,
for the most part, I mean, they do have an office and I only go in there every once in a while to bring in the rent, you know, to get the books and then go deposit the rent. But other than that, I don't do anything. How about you? How long you've been working with the county?
Yeah.
Is there anybody I would know like google or facebook
yeah. We got a lot of tech companies moving into play a vista, which is just down the street from santa Monica. And I guess they call that silicon Beach or whatever her. So,
and I've been down there, I did something for facebook a while back. It was kind of fun. So
Well what's funny is I was doing stuff for us. See, and then they sent me a notice because of covid and everything else. They were like, oh, well you might want to sign up with this if you want to keep doing surveys and I enjoy doing surveys this way. I like it. It's fun. It's easy. It's interesting. It keeps me busy.
So. And then they told me to sign up with mechanical turk with amazon.
No, you know, I've had a hard time and I'm an amazon prime member, I have a hard time signing up with them and I said this is too much asshole, you know I mean, So now I'm just doing prolific and and stuff for us city, so Yeah.
Beyond
Yeah. Yeah. A lot of times like the big time stuff like um like this, I'm surprised I got it because usually the big stuff like if you're on for like 30 minutes to an hour and you're going to pay you $10 an hour that's already booked and when I click reserve space.
it's gone already. So there are people that are really on it.
exactly. So out of curiosity you know my mom went to san Francisco one time with her sister but I never have been down there and I heard it's quite beautiful but how are the rents down there
for helping?
you know I remember when I was younger and in this area you know the west side like it was considered expensive if you wanted a one bedroom for 800 I'm sitting here thinking to myself how much are these youngsters making to be able to afford 1500? 2008, you know a month? Right, so I mean that's crazy, so
but anyway I'm lucky because I live
in one of the apartment. Go ahead.
how about you?
Well congrats congrats if you're engaged or whatever,
so how much time do we have left? You know it's
okay, isn't it weird to sit there and try to struggle with a conversation with a total stranger then? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, okay, I haven't done anything for a while because of covid, but what it is is uh, they're located in waterfront down there and play a vista as well. And uh, they sometimes want somebody like to interact with like a robot, you know what I mean? And uh yeah, they want to know how you interact like game with a robot or sometimes like the army or the marines, they might be doing something and they want to know how somebody might think of a certain situation. So yeah, that's interesting because it's a little different, but yeah, those are the only two things I do.
So what do you do
for recreation?
and
Yes santa Monica is too and you know basically I sometimes I'll go up to Griffith Park and
go hiking and I really like it up there you know sometimes it's kind of hot but I really like doing that so yeah
santa
Monica Griffith Park. Yeah I love it, I love it. And you know there's a lot of people that go there now, I mean when I first started going
there way back when you were a lot of people now there's people running and walking and all kinds of people kind of hard to find a parking spot. Yeah.
Yeah. What it is is you do the surveys and um they give you points and you gotta
have like Save 50,000 points to get $50 or whatever you know? And um a
friend of mine has swag books, have you heard of that?
there
yeah but they're kind of good because there's different ways to make your points. You know you can watch videos, you can play games um and you can do the surveys and so if you're invested even and you can do it on your down time, you don't have to trip about you know having to interfere with your work. What one of my friends does is he does it like every morning when he wakes up and gets his coffee He just sits down to swag bucks and does whatever and he's mean I made maybe $50-75 a month. So you know it's okay.
Yeah pretty much. I think I make 25 and what I do is every time I get $5.00 I pay palette. So. Yeah. No I'm not one wish.
Go ahead.
I'm
not
one.
Go ahead. Go ahead. Dear.
Andrew. Yeah. Don't try to do it on the weekends. Either the weekends. Nothing. And if they do have something it's something like a nickel. Yeah. Yeah.
Long
time.
Um Yeah, I think you're right. I think because I usually have it all pretty much done by noon time. I just do it off and on when I see something, I have the prolific extension and then you know from google chrome and it pops up telling me that there's something so
Hi.
Yeah. So we're gonna get a code. I mean, how do we prove that we did this to these people?
Okay. Yes. I think
that they told me not to close the page so.
I was trying to get left.
How
much time do we have left?
Yeah. Because right after I'm done with this, I got to get out of the house and
Yeah. Um Yeah. I guess four months. 4 months. Yeah. Yeah. I heard about it. This lady. Huh?
Apparently so because the lady from USC when I went down to see her, she told me about this and she told me that USC sometimes post things to do on this site and that's how she told me about it. So she
loves you
it
Well think about if you're like going to school, like say you go to U. C. L. A. And you need a little extra money. Not that this gives you a lot but it helps. And um just especially now with Covid, I mean I'm sure they've got so many more people doing it because a lot of people are out of work. So that sucks. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's
Yeah. Yeah.
It is bright and sunny. My plants love it. I have a bunch of plants and I'm like this big greenhouse and uh they're loving
the light and uh it's nice and cool. I'm so glad you know I used to live close to downtown L. A. And it was so hot because I lived like on the third floor and it was just really muggy
and
I had to get an air conditioner. But here I love it because it's nice and cole I mean right around september it gets a little hot, you know what I mean? But other than that I'm loving life down here. So.
Well it's
hard,
Yes. Yeah. And it's hard right now because when they came protesting they robbed a lot of the little stores. So santa Monica is kind of hurting right now. And now the L. A. Marathon they used to end the L. A. Marathon at the pier but they're not going to do it anymore. They pulled it from santa Monica and now they're going to end the marathon in Century City. So I don't know if you heard that since your runner, I don't know if you participate in that.
Exactly. Yeah. So yeah.
Mhm.
Let me ask you have you ever been to Alcatraz? Oh yeah. How is it? My mom went there when she went so yeah.
brilliant.
The creation of, okay.
You're
not
smoking.
I
think that's
Oh so they're not doing no more tours there?
I
bet I bet. Okay. Well, I think we're almost done. Right.
huh.
All right. We'll stay on it. Let
me
I'm gonna go to the other page so stay here. You see what happens?
Yeah. Its claim in 60 seconds.
It says 24 58. If you go to the other page, it has a timer at the bottom. So just wait about a minute and then we'll be good to go. Yeah. So I guess that's how they tell, you know, you lack the page. You did your thing.
Of course, of course. Leave the page open. I know.
got to go. You know now the Newsom has shut down some things and I'm going to go buy some toilet paper and I've got to get my car smoke checked. So
Yeah, just that and then come in. You know, it helps because it gets me out of the house so I don't drive myself crazy. All right. I think we're good to go but leave this open when you go to the next page just in case.
that's
what I'm doing.
I mean
25
No, there's other questions that says, how was your chat? And I said good and I'm staying positive so that works. Yeah.
put in 25 minutes
a Mhm.
I'm answering so I guess we can let let each other go. So it was very nice meeting him
and youtube. Bye
bye. Sweet.