How are
you?
How much is that? Uh
Probably going to be better.
Yeah. I mean it's the best we can do right now anyway.
This is my second time I did my first one yesterday.
Yeah, it was interesting. I was I was like staying up at night just to make sure like I didn't miss their thing because I put some of my availabilities in the morning just in case. Oh, we're going to schedule tomorrow morning
surprise.
Mhm.
Yeah, I think I want to say it's probably some kind of like linguistic study just to see how like people have conversations maybe with people they've never met before.
Yeah. I don't know I guess it's just like me being anxious but I always just get like freaked out just having like a web conversation even.
like was anything just because it's over the internet. I don't know why. Uh huh.
Yeah. Oh Um well I am 22 right now. I live in Georgia but like a couple miles south of Atlanta, like a couple hours. So in the boring part. Yeah
basically um and
right now I'm trying to get my Associates for library sciences so I can
work in a library.
Thank you. What about you?
Oh yeah the M. L. I. S. Is like a master's degree but the Associates is just like the the very baseline. Like I'm not sure if I want to try and get my bachelors yet because that would be like a whole other application process, but like after the bachelors you would get your masters.
I mean I know you have to get your bachelors first and that would be like my first hurdle but I guess usually the masters will take one or two years. I don't know if I want to get up to that level though because that's a lot of time studying.
That's true. Yeah.
Are you, are you around California like area?
It's
it's at the very east coast, so did you go like just like south? So instead of through Atlanta you go through like making or something?
Yeah, I lived in California pretty much my whole life up until um
like the end of March, like once the pandemic started, my husband wanted to move out here just because it's closer to family. So like it was a big culture shock. Yeah.
Um uh my family lives in southern California, but then I went to college for a little bit before I dropped out um in santa cruz.
Yeah, just like,
I didn't even know there was a fire that went even close there, was it recent?
You know I mean, Yeah,
that's what I would expect from santa Cruz, definitely.
Oh yeah, that was a huge issue when I was back there because, um, let's see. I think the gear, I was a freshman, there was like 2016. They started converting some of their like huge lounge is just for like
the door, the people in the doors to just hang out. They turned them into, I think it was triplets or quads. And then like a couple years after that, they turned them into quince And like the room I was staying in apparently like back in the 70's because I knew someone that had gone to the same school a while ago. They used to just be doubles, but now they're
triples. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That was like a huge problem. And like about, you see riots I guess. I don't know if I can like
find like information on this officially, but after the you see riots that they made it. So like there wasn't any like central hub in santa cruz
specifically
for that reason.
I I think it's in a difference. Okay. I'm not sure.
I believe so. I don't know all like the colleges around here because I go to I technically go to campus um in southern California, just like community college there, but it's all online so I can just, you know, still go to class without being without having to actually go.
Yeah, he got a job, just being like a farm worker and he's trying to move up to do like tractor work because I know that's what he's been wanting to do for a long time and like, you know, trying to do it in California isn't really that feasible. You have like a lot of money and you want to move into like the valley.
I don't think so but I mean I'm pretty sure they just like focus on their bottom line just to make everything as cheap as possible for maximum profit. So they just use the cheapest labor they can find available. I think he just wants to like have it all like machine handled because I know a lot of the farms here either have um people do just like regular people as far as I know, they don't have any like migrant laborers laborers here so they just get paid minimum wage or they have like machines and they like the farmers that own the land, just do the entire field by themselves.
Yeah I don't I don't think he was into it when he was in high school but like the years after that's when he started getting an interest in it.
Oh no. Yeah, he didn't, he didn't go to college. He just went, he just had like high school and then like life stuff happened. This
is
my
mom.
Right now my goal is to just work in the library just like based on my experience. Because I've just done like a lot of customer service stuff. I'll end up probably doing like the front desk circulation things. Like checking out the books and stuff. But hopefully I can just move up from there as I get experience and just try and get like more experience that way. And then if I need to, I'll try and go back for my degree. Mm
Well that's interesting. Huh?
Yeah. Because I don't know, I've never been more like, I guess I don't know worthy person. Like I didn't really like writing essays. I was a stem major at U. C. S. C. Before I just like had a change of heart and just sweep everything entirely. But yeah I think something like archival research and like having that like kind of a higher level position is something I might be interested and in the future but wow.
So you said you were an instructor I just
or
like while you were doing your peak
I did, did you ever
do
anything war? It was just like just like
the th that you had to.
that's interesting.
That's really cool wow. Yeah. I had I have been more prepared with what I wanted to do in life that I definitely would have thought maybe like a doctorate degree would be cool to do.
But
I mean.
Yeah, I know like from what I've heard like it's not as worth it anymore to even go to college, do anything like that.
Stop
I was thinking of doing computer science.
Yeah. It's definitely a lot different than what it is now. Uh huh.
it depends on the area you know because like certain crops will be more viable to grow in like certain areas like you know like the midwest has like we are corn or whatever but down here um there are a lot of what was it? There's some we I've seen but the farm that he works at um deals with a lot of pecans and some peaches and he's thinking of like maybe expanding like and having his own bit of it and they can work, they can like harvest it from there or something like that. He was trying to tell me stuff about it overland.
I haven't seen any just driving around my area, but they might in like a different part of the state maybe like more south of me.
The amount of conservatives here. Yeah.
Because there are a lot more outwardly of it. Probably because it's like Just what the majority is here. Like, I don't know if you were watching the election not to bring it up, but my county was like, I think it was like 50, voted conservative.
did enjoy it there though.
Yeah. That sounds about right. I felt, I want to say there's maybe like five churches around me. There's one like right next right next door to my apartment place to,
they're not, I don't, I don't know like if they've stopped in person services because of Covid, but as far as I know, they haven't done any like huge events or anything like that.
I know a lot of my in laws that live in Georgia don't really prescribe to the belief that masks work except
for my husband's grandmother and that's because she's older and you know, as a weaker immune system.
uh I don't think so. I'm pretty sure she was born in the 50s, so definitely not like
any major, major pins.
they are. Yeah. It, well, it depends because I live in like a not so good neighborhood. Like I live, I think I live in one of the worst crime rates in the entire state. Like for the most part, if you go up and talk to somebody, they're going to be like, you know, nice about it. They're not just going to like Russia offer be weird, which I haven't experienced in California, but maybe that's just because I'm also a California, so I don't know, I just think differently.
Is there a huge difference between Californians in colorado's colorado
people,
Yeah.
Watch
Yeah, I totally understand that. I know it's like a huge problem for like wealthier Californians just to, you know, buy up all the property
like
mm Yeah, around that part, like, I think like take my apartment right now, it's like, it's,
I want to say it's like 700 square feet and it's a one bedroom, one bath, we pay 5 60
5 60.
If it's
wasn't santa cruz, this would probably be like, I want to say 2400
for just
like regular area.
Thank you. I hope I hope you do good and you know, everything, all things considered
Yeah, that's the hope anyway.
Does the problem? I'll keep wearing my mask when I go up though. I'd rather
be
safe than sorry.
You too