Okay. Yes. Okay. Yeah, it's pretty. Mhm. Something. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hi there.
Good.
How are you today?
All
things considered right. We can sort of be better than bad.
So have you have you done this study before or rounds of this study? Mhm.
I did too. Yeah. I wonder if the researchers are thirsty for respondents. There was a really quick turnaround and like, oh you actually talked for 25 minutes, please do it again. It's like okay.
That's
right. Yeah. When they asked, you know, are you available at 6:00 AM? I'm like, I don't really know who would be, but I hope you find somebody um
Actually, so I'm curious what do you think the study is about? And I'm not a researcher. I'm not affiliated with it at all, but I'm kind of curious about it. Mhm.
Yeah. Especially unprompted yesterday when it was with a conversation partner who had done it a few times before I said. So what are we supposed to talk about? Like oh anything. It's like I can see if it's giving people some real anxiety
like with a little like a teacher or co worker or something. Yeah.
Well, I'm in my mid thirties and I remember in the internet, early days, it was kind of the Wild West and they had programs like this where like they would randomly assign you a conversation partner and it was generally not good. It was not good quality content. And so I'm always this this medium. I'm sort of like, I don't know like what if people are weird? It's the internet. People love to be weird on the internet, but um hopefully people aren't weird on here. So I guess tell me a little bit about yourself, but what you do or?
Suburbs.
Yeah.
Excellent.
Congratulations.
is it so so real quick? Is associates different from an M. L. I. S.
I see. Yeah. When I was your age, I worked in a library and the job titles were really weird. But it was like they were the people who shelled the books, I can't remember what I think they were called. It was a really fancy title, but it was clearly their job was to put the books back on the shelf. And then there was the circulation assistant and that was like if you had a bachelor's degree but it wasn't library focus, you would like to answer questions about the library and host events at the library and teach. Old people had to do excel. And then there was the were the librarian librarians and they'd actually receive their masters. And so they were like these sort of grand dukes and kings and queens of the library. Uh And I was like, wow, they're really fancy, how long is that degree? And I was like, oh I did it in a year, I was like, oh maybe I should do that. Mhm.
Yeah, but the pay is a lot better too, especially if you're in a fancy library district,
Uh suburban districts in particular. I think my manager was being paid because it's public information, I think it was 85,000 or 90,000 a year, and she was a branch manager, so she was in charge of the whole library, so everything from programming to if somebody peed in the corner, which happened a lot, right, that was stuff that she had to know about, so there was a lot of responsibilities, but well it's a public library and I don't know what George is like, but in California there's there's a lot of, uh, there's a new term for it, but there's a lot of homeless who come in and seek refuge there during the day. And so you get a lot of, sometimes you get some strange behaviors and that's something the branch manager has to be aware of unfortunate.
I was so I, I finished my PhD in San Diego and I'm in colorado with my family now for the duration of the pandemic, which hopefully will end sometime soon. Uh, well the numbers don't look good. And uh, so yeah, I was in san Diego really nice, but I was there for eight years and it just kind of felt like I had seen it all, but I traveled to Georgia recently. I took a road trip from san Diego to Connecticut. So I went kind of like all the way down and we passed through savannah. We didn't go through Atlanta on the way up. I'm not sure where savannah is relative to the rest of Georgia, but it
was very lovely.
Uh maybe you're making. It was like, it's the highway that goes through like texas, new Orleans, uh Georgia and then Pensacola, we like went north or something. It was like this like left hander. So again, I have like no experience in the southeast. I don't know where any of that stuff is, but it was lovely. I liked it a lot. It was very different and there was a lot of confederate flags, which was weird coming out of California, but um people at least were very friendly. Uh
easy.
Which part? North or south California?
Okay. You CSC go a bit to go banana slugs.
Yeah. So one I'm glad it didn't burn down. Did you see how close the fire got to Santa Cruz?
Yeah, it was, it was a couple months ago. It was just, it was like a mile and a half away from campus or something. I've only been at the campus a couple times, but like, you know, there's that sort of like big open field that you can like see the sea over, I guess. Maybe it's near the student center. I think um you could see like the fire line from that angle. Just really crazy stuff. I think people were like lighting their blunts on the fire line and like going back to campus. Mhm.
I
that's, I think the number one, number one campus for consumption of marijuana or number two maybe behind Colorado College, but it's because students are forced to like live in the trees or something. I don't know. There's like no housing or something like that. Okay.
Good.
my
that's horrible. Yeah. Um I served on the graduate student government at U. C. San Diego and this came up all the time and it was terrible because all these buildings, the other thing is the buildings were designed after the, you see riots in the sixties. So they're all designed like penitentiary is all the hallways do this, so there's no congregation. So if if like the National Guard had to come into the building and clear people out, there's no firing lines. I sort of got this is true. It's the wildest thing I've ever heard. But all these super old buildings, one they look terrible on the interior and now they're over stuffing them with undergraduates who are paying God knows how much money for that. It's really sad. But santa cruz is also like one of the most beautiful plant like places on earth. So it's expensive.
My
that
is correct. So
yeah, san Diego was built as the riots were happening. So U C. L. A. And U C. B. Have big quads like that. But every single school that came after that doesn't have anything central. So U C. San Diego doesn't certainly U C. Santa cruz doesn't Mercedes Davis riverside. I don't know how old riverside is. Yeah. None of them have like a classic like east coast kind of quad anymore. Like uh is Emory in Atlanta?
That's just the fanciest university I can think of that comes to mind or G. S. U. Is based in downtown Atlanta. Right.
So is your husband's job in Georgia then?
Yeah. Yeah. That's actually something I don't really know much about. All you ever hear about is the like really abusive patterns of migrant labor that people bring in and like over abuse and overwork. But if you want to become like a farmer farmer, like is that required? Do you have to abuse migrant labor or can you like set up an independent farm even if you had a bunch of money?
Yeah. Was he uh what is it future farmer for America like the high school groups that are willing to agriculture?
Huh? That's interesting. I've never heard someone be like, so I finished my college degree but I'm like, I'm just really into farm and agriculture right now. It's just might be, it's just my jam.
don't
know
if
I would recommend college anymore. So do you want to work as a librarian then or what comes after the Associates? Yeah.
might be worth looking into as well. I don't know if you're like in wealthy suburbs or something, but the fancy library districts, well if you worked for them for more than a year, they'll sponsor your master's degree so you can come back and apply to be a librarian, one of the branches.
Yeah, It may not be like a top three program in library science, like the University of Chicago or whatever, but you get your master's and you learn how to do like archival research or you know, equity and diversity and library services, these kinds of things.
Or um you know, the problem with community libraries is they're very customer service oriented, so you don't get to do a lot of high level stuff. Like in our whole district we had one person who wrote sort of an academic style paper and went to a library studies conference. It was something that like you know serving middle class America how to increase literacy with youth or something like that. But we're talking a library district of 1000 employees and one person got to do something like that. But a lot of university library jobs as well um at all kinds of levels. And that's where you really get to set that. Like do that kind of cool high level stuff. Like how do we like bring more students in our like how do we teach them? Like my experience as an instructor? U. C. S. D. S. Nobody in your age bracket knows how to use a book. You're all really good at digital research. Everyone like just look at the table of contents for the research topic. I'm like yes please or like, you know, check out a study carol and like have it for the whole quarter or semester something like you could do that. So university libraries will work on a lot of that kind of stuff, especially with, you know, historians or humanities people who like can't just go to google scholar and like find an article or, or you know, like everything in stem is online, right? It's all like learn. I'm not sure what stem field you were doing, but you know, pick up matt lab, you don't need an old dusty book to learn matt lab or python or something like that.
when you
do it,
Like did you ever have a graduate student T. A. Or something like that?
I
do
well.
Yeah, so you have to do a T. A. Ship at the UCS to pay your way. But once you've passed your they call them comprehensive exams it means you're not dumb or not as dumb as you were previously. Then you can be the instructor of record which is the fancy word for just being the teacher. Uh And I did that about a half dozen times at UC san Diego. And then
I got a post doc at Yale University which was also very different. New England is a very different vibe from southern California. Uh And then taught there as well.
Maybe I would never
recommend
it.
Yeah I think it depends a lot on what you want to do. Like you know if you're somebody like your husband right there like I want to be a farmer should I go to college? Like absolutely not. There's no reason to do. So that's out of the question. I think the U. C. To have a specific problem. I don't I don't I can't speak for U. C. Santa cruz. But like U. C. San Diego. We have a lot of students coming in who are, To be fair, a lot of people like financial aid, but a lot of people are paying $32,000 a year to be there and most of the teaching is done by graduate students and I guarantee you most of the graduate students don't want to be there teaching and they're probably hungover. So you're paying a lot of money for really low quality education and then they're packing people into these old buildings and um you know I think the international students are great students but like the UCS are putting in as many international students as possible um to increase revenue. And so they're not like serving California students, which is, it's in the charter, there's like this charter document, like the constitution and it's like our primary goal in life is to serve the students of California. Like are you doing that? And it's like no, 30% of our students are from China and like we only have 3%, you know, Latin X students. It's like, but California is like 20%, X, like, well whatever. Like, well maybe you should have more of those students. Like, nah, it's okay. They don't, they
require scholarship money. We can't make money on them. Just like, so no, in that sense, college is much less valuable than it used to be I think, but stem right. What? So what were you going into uh, with your stem degree?
Yeah. So in that case college is totally worth it. 100%. Um so I guess it depends, but it's certainly not like your parents generation where like a bachelor's degree would get you a good job and a good salary. That's not true anymore. Mhm
Um so here's, here's another question I'm curious about with, with farming, what does he want to grow? Do you, do you choose, is it like picking a favorite color? Yes,
doesn't, doesn't start to do a lot of rice. I know a lot of the southern states are like wet enough for rice paddies. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. And what was the biggest culture shock moving from central California to Georgia?
I mean that, that's fine to say. Um
yeah, yeah, that's very different from California. Coastal California, interior California was super red and there were always like overcompensating by putting giant trump flags on their trucks and stuff. But coastal California was extremely blue santa cruz I imagine is like you know borderline socialist country. Uh huh.
Oh in santa cruz. Oh yeah for sure. Um I was surprised by I haven't lived in Georgia but just the number of churches that you see like in san Diego there's churches for sure and they're like high quality churches but I've never seen D. C. Was actually the worst for this but I remember seeing five churches on a single block and I'm like how could you possibly have that many people? But again coming from California where most people don't go to church it's like oh that's why because out here people do
hopefully they're not too loud.
Well that's the thing I'd be worried about is a lot of these churches are like we don't have to listen to you were you know, we're going to worship God in our own way, which includes congregating without masks so you can't tell us what to do. It's like, yeah, but if I lived in that neighborhood I get really nervous that you're all like singing into each other's faces with a respiratory transmitted disease. Mhm.
it's,
Has she been through a pandemic previously or something like that? Mhm.
I
not like 1914 influenza like that. Um is it true that Georgians? Well I guess they say it is about southerners, but are they just sort of like more outwardly friendly?
Yeah. My my impression was California's were always like distantly friendly until they got really drunk or really high and then they just like over shared all of the like the last trauma for the last three or four years of their life where southerners are like, they're a little bit more even, they'll tell you some personal stuff in casual conversation like, oh, you know, that's cool. Like I didn't know your husband was an addict or whatever California, no one talks about themselves until they're like a bottle of wine in and then it's like a, it's a therapy session. You're like, wow, this is a lot. I was born and raised in colorado, so I'm not a native Californian that took me some, getting used to for sure.
I think
colorado colorado wins. Um I think colorado is mostly are just interested in like hiking as much as possible. Dog ownership is practically mandatory and then smoking a ton of weight because we were the first state in the Union to do that. Um I, I guess we're just not as rich and so there's a lot of Californians who are moving to colorado to avoid like property taxes and stuff. That's probably another huge uh cultural shift is like everything is probably gonna be cheaper in Georgia than it was in California. Uh
Yeah,
so we're just pissed off that California's are like moving to colorado and buying up all like the nice mountain chalets and clogging up our highways that nobody can go skiing anymore. So we we hate California's as much as we hate Texans now.
Well that's
the issue, right? Like, you know, if you wanted to live off campus in Santa Cruz, what would it have cost for a reasonable flat? 2000 3000.
All
Oh my God. Oh
that's
what
yeah, that's
crazy.
That's insane. Well like I said, you've you've moved to a much more affordable place so congratulations, your dollar can actually go somewhere. Um so it sounds like a timer went off. So I think we are we're done with our 25 minutes. But I hope your husband is able to expand his farm and do what he wants to do with it.
Let's all survive till april is my is my goal.
That's that's what we're saying why widespread distribution of vaccines in april. I would just be concerned in Georgia if people are enthusiastic to take the vaccine. Yeah. Yeah.
That's
good.
It's a public show of solidarity with like doctors and science. Good job. All right we'll have a good rest of your day.