SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Oh, bye. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, this is, yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Right. You guys are going to turn off your um district? You're dying? Yeah. Okay. Right. Okay. Oh, but yeah. What? Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hey man how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Hey, hurry.
SPEAKER_R: Hey I'm good sorry I just got home. I was like oh I just got the message and I was like I need to log on.
SPEAKER_L: No, you're good.
SPEAKER_R: No you gotta get,
SPEAKER_L: I'll set a timer.
SPEAKER_R: okay cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. So yeah, how's it going in here?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah not too bad. She's been running some errands today my half day uh Makes it easier to run everything.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's pretty good. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: You've been handling things with the pandemic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I mean it hasn't been the worst like for me at least. Yeah, But I mean haven't really left the house since it started. As you can tell my hair is quite long too. No haircut. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right. What what area are?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from texas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Where you at?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in a Kansas city area. Yeah but I thought you know it's more surprising because texas has been pretty my knowledge a little little more loose. A little more open.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We we haven't handled it very well at all. But that's also why I don't leave the house. Don't trust around here. Thankfully, my college agreed to go entirely online so I don't have to be in person.
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What's that?
SPEAKER_R: were you thinking?
SPEAKER_L: I'm studying bio biology, yep, so that's fun.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah you plan, I know a lot of people do bio and then they go into medicine afterwards. That kind of plan.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. As everyone else does. No no good reason. You wanna buy oversized going into medical honestly, wow. Yeah. So are you in college? Are you out?
SPEAKER_R: No I've been out for a while. Um Yeah. Birth let me or you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, starting cutting out. I can't,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Little better. Okay I agree. Uh No
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've gone through college. I did forensic accounting, my major and then uh for undergrad and then I went and got my master's, my M. B. A. Um And they're yeah I work for the federal government.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's exciting.
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah at least gives you a pretty stable job during something like this. Uh
SPEAKER_L: That's true. That's true. We're never gonna lose out on that, are we? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: not. I mean
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: sorry you don't look old honestly. I would assume that you would call you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I I get that a lot, especially with my job. So I'm a I'm a bank examiner. And so what I do is when I meet with bank executives and their boards and kind of tell them what they're doing wrong, what they need to fix. Um They have gaps and kind of something. Yeah a little hard with his face, 60 or 60 years old, what what they're doing wrong? I'm just going to be able to have confidence they handle it. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they see and they're like why is this kid talk really?
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna tell you that. Look I've been doing this 30 years I think. I know what I'm talking about like. Well yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's uh it's cool though. I I've never met anyone he's done some like that let's say interesting
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I mean some something it's just numbers a little bit boring but I don't know I think a lot of interesting thing to learn because that's when I was in banking before I did this. I wasn't thinking 10 years before I took this job on. I'm in this one for a couple years about three years now. And it really opened my eyes to like how much happened that I didn't know about. You know like at the senior level management and kind of what all they have to do to bank
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: running interested in that aspect.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can imagine you wearing a lot. It is so it's interesting. I don't know anything about that stuff. But yeah, no, I mean talk to anyone if they like talk to me, they're like, oh, your bottom material and then I like, we'll start talking about what I know and something like, I don't know what should I? Uh Yeah, probably the same way with whatever you're doing, so don't worry, it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it takes for me it takes all types so for me like going through a business you know major and knowing business school like talk about bio and science it's like I might know a thing or two with nothing more than that. You know we start getting depth on different subjects but I lived in a college town for like eight years and so um a lot of friends that were in there were you know more my age I started talking to they were all going through ph. D. S. And so I know a lot of people at work actually biologists and zoologists. Um. Mhm. You know they would have different studies some and became zookeeper. You know that that zoos and some became uh professors. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I had actually a professor once a if you
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: go into biology, but you're not good enough to go to med school, you become a professor. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: was like, that was like, I don't believe that. Imagine these people who prefer to teach you honest, but that was so funny, anybody here say that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was pretty funny it's like the whole thing like if you can do if you can't teach having.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. That, you know to be a coach, I can't play you coach. Yeah, but I
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: for all this craziness happened like what do you do as a hobby?
SPEAKER_L: Um where all this happened, I just outside of school because school takes up like pretty much all my time. Um, I'm in an honor society that I actively partake in and I play video games. It's pretty much my life so far right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And so not much has changed at all besides
SPEAKER_R: If.
SPEAKER_L: it will leave the house, so yeah, outside of that, it's just switched all indoors. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: So you play any games are not a gamer.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I used to be so yeah, I used to but that was like 15 years ago and so before I got I got married early, so I got married, I was 19 and uh I'm 30 now, so but I was heavy gamer back, like, World of Warcraft was big when I was in high school and um so
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: have a few brothers, we all play together, you know, I had killed and all that stuff, but um once I got married it just seemed like an apple every time to Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Marriage does that, Yeah, but no, that's awesome of it. You've been together so long. Honestly. It's very cool, especially at such a young age too are just say so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we were high school sweethearts and then got married our high school and then kept going after that, so
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: not always, that was easy, but
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: make it work.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, everyone's dream story, you know, always has something that I remember thinking like being in that situation and then, uh, uh, yeah, I'm here now, so I'm good worry out there. It all turned out our, for me though.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but now as far as like Jamie goes like um upper Yeah. Uh no. RTs and um kind of strategy games, that's what I prefer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But as far as otherwise, like I'll watch some stuff, I'll see some streamers and things like that and I watch things on you too, but I'm not serious in the gaming like I used to be used to be,
SPEAKER_L: I got you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: The crazy thing to me is how popular world of work I've still is honestly I have friends who still played Tuesday and I'm like, how long has that been around for? Yeah, 20 years.
SPEAKER_R: 2000 and four or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. That's that's insane. It's crazy how done so well.
SPEAKER_R: Brothers that still play and I'm just like, you've been around for, you know, a
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: decade plus playing games, what are you doing? Really? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And I actually have a friend who the games he plays actively now are the games he played like 10 years ago.
SPEAKER_R: that's fuck
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like, why don't you play all these new games that are coming out? He's like, I I enjoy this. All right. I mean if you enjoy it, I can't judge good for you
SPEAKER_R: I got into a couple of like mobile games somewhat
SPEAKER_L: for that,
SPEAKER_R: recent 12 months. But even then I'll get it, I got heavy for about four or five months after that. I was like, what am I doing this? I
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: need to
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: go paint a room, I gotta take care of the house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I would definitely say it's how my dad is. I try to get him into steam, you know, seeing his Yeah, I try to get him to see me and like play some games. And he did for a bit and he was like, what am I doing? This isn't worth my time. I gotta go move the lawn. Really? Yeah. I mean it's cool hobby.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. I mean that's how actually I got into gaming was my dad, he was always a big gamer. He was like a computer programmer, middle 80 and after he retired from that, he was just always been big on technology. So we always have all the game systems and we play pc games together all the time. So, so I first got into it now. My brothers too.
SPEAKER_L: That's actually really cool. My I uh first semester I wanted to go into programming uh lasted one semester. I was like I play computers all the time. I like love this, right? It's kind of my mindset and then I just like this is so tedious. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is not one.
SPEAKER_L: No, no. If I could have like found my way into it and like found the enjoyment in it, I probably would have been like find great because obviously I can sit down for hours and like do school stuff, but I could not not by myself interested. Right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I can't either. Let me because of how I feel like it's just like mundane data entry kind of stuff where it's just nothing that sparks an interest for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I also like in a way there is creativity to it and I feel like I am probably one of the least creative people I know. So trying to like come up with the program or something or like writing all that code and it's like I'm going to struggle. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I can see that as well. I don't know. I never really got into it. I thought about it a little bit. I even thought like, well, you know, maybe like I'll take some evening classes, like a jUCO and she kind of learn some python or something like that and learn from these different coding languages but I haven't really gotten into it. I just can't can't get that jumpstarted me yet to really go learn it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean like you said not for everyone, but to the people who do really enjoy it, good for them because they can make a lot from that job. Especially now.
SPEAKER_R: definitely lucrative for sure. But even that just like you think about not only money wise within content that they can create. It's the stuff that we enjoy doing right the games we played programs we use the athletes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Everyone I know who goes into it's like I want to be a game designer, I want to make games,
SPEAKER_R: Camp.
SPEAKER_L: you know all that mindset and I you always read those things online about those like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Rockstar Dev's. I don't know if you've heard that terminology, like how they just put like 24 hours a day until like coding just nonstop. Like they're forced cut all the time and they have like terrible wages. I read the stuff. I'm like, I don't want to do that.
SPEAKER_R: that's not the life for me.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'd rather, I don't know. I really stay in the hospital for that long. I mean, I thought it could be doing a little bit more for myself. That position.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I don't want to do that. That's kind of how I felt like oh all right I have my C. P. A. License. So uh I thought about going to an accounting firm and I was like during busy seasons working 70 80 hours a week. I don't want to do that. Like that's not something that appeals to me. I can make a lot more doing it, but I don't want to, you know, not have a life for six months of the
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: year.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, my aunt was accountant actually, so I never asked her about it, but yeah, she was always always working pretty much my star.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. From end of the year, through brief.
SPEAKER_L: Just constant. Yeah, I worry. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I enjoy what I do, good living and, um, powers are great. So like today I have today, I'll get every other friday off, definitely added benefit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that was very nice. It is awesome. I have Fridays on to actually, but that's because they're in a class. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's just great scheduling on your park.
SPEAKER_L: It's true. Yeah. Has. Oh, me, totally not the only available classes left.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How many more years you have left?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm technically a serious here, but I'll probably have one more year after this so they can like super senior. Yeah. Last fall. Yeah. As well. I went to Georgia this semester instantly came home, not for me. So that was a semester off the books.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You went to Athens.
SPEAKER_L: Uh, I guess. Uh, so yeah, was a small town, kind of a cold city coltish. So everywhere they look the same. They were all from there. If you went from there, you here in our gas can. And as I don't fit in. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And there was some people come from Alabama originally and so I need, some people are from Augusta, they were definitely like, I don't know, upper class, I guess. I would put it, you know, it would go at best. Yeah. At the, at the course there, you know, where
SPEAKER_L: Wait,
SPEAKER_R: they play
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: the map.
SPEAKER_L: cutting out there. What was that? Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: just saying that they had family go and play at the gust of course before they play the match. Yeah they were
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That is their uh, one prize possession. The masters and their college. Any subject we'll talk about that. They will bring that into every subject I heard about in everything I heard about it in like, uh, physics hard about it. And kim speech, we all talked about the massachusetts here. Like they're in love with this. Think.
SPEAKER_R: I guess if you know that you're calling cards for the town another they don't have that. They're probably not even really anything.
SPEAKER_L: You're not wrong. They really are anything outside of that. The crazy thing about it is the people who live there when the masters are going on. Like in those homes, there's like old plantation homes, their massive plantation homes, beautiful and everything. They will leave for those like weeks and they'll run out the houses for like tens of thousands of dollars. Make tons of money from those people. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Don't play with my do the same thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, honestly right. Just go stay in a hotel nearby or maybe, I don't know, just $80 a day or something. Making 10 grand of course. Well, they're not. But yeah. Also dated a girl who was uh she worked on a on one of the golf carts, handed out drinks and people would tip her like hundreds like, you know, thanks for the drink, have one on me. And she's like at her age at the time she was like, okay, so the drink with them, I was
SPEAKER_R: Ask.
SPEAKER_L: like, honestly worth it. Making money going on. So
SPEAKER_R: Quite a few car girls growing
SPEAKER_L: company.
SPEAKER_R: up and they always seem to do well like a couple 100 bucks on a on a weekend. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Those old white men, they
SPEAKER_R: Is that?
SPEAKER_L: like the tip like to get their attention. I don't know if it's the best way to get attention. But yeah, weird weird trends nowadays. I don't know if you know much about Tiktok. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I want to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I, I don't have it. So I don't really know much about it. But I saw this article recently where girls are like posting um, kind of videos of how much money their sugar daddies pay them kind of like out of pride. Answer in these girls are getting paid just 255 100 for nothing. Like catching nothing close. All right. What the hell is poor manner? I mean, he released a report man. Clearly not. But
SPEAKER_R: dumb men are the ones. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There I can't, I can't see why that would ever be worth it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I don't know there's no appeal to me for that like that makes zero sense. Give my money to somebody that does nothing for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. And I also just, I feel kind of bad that these girls, I don't know that they are able to do this in a way they're kind of and I feel slightly demeaning to them, but they don't really see that critics say that's uh not great and then puts it online. All these people say they're like, oh, I want that life, you know?
SPEAKER_R: And like really? I mean the self, your self worth you want to give that up to you know a few $100 you know each week or whatever that there okay, it's odd to me that doesn't track with what I I would do my or my morals, so I don't know that it's just a weird lifestyle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't even really want to know what they do to get that money. That's also everything. I feel like that is also very just devaluating of them people, right? Their choice, their life, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's for them,
SPEAKER_L: And if you take Yeah, I mean also if there's a guy out there who's willing to pay them and they can figure it out whatever you find a guy that dumb. Okay, good for you I guess. Uh I don't even know. Just just concerning the same time, you know, because like
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: we're going back in time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Yeah, I mean it's almost two like a like a saloon girl kind of thing, you know, out of the frontier, they feel like that's the only kind of job or attention they could get was let's do that, so in a way it's kind of hurting back to just with different form of technology.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And also I wouldn't be surprised if some of these guys feel like their property to them, you know? But they're like okay with that because they're getting paid. Yeah. I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: uh it's
SPEAKER_L: just like
SPEAKER_R: different,
SPEAKER_L: that ad it's sad but I don't know, onto a better topic. Uh Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we have a cat for like nine years and then we have a puppy that's about five months old now.
SPEAKER_L: What what kind of breed?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the Bernese mountain dog.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, lets me a bigger dog. Mm
SPEAKER_R: it's gonna be like a yeah
SPEAKER_L: That's that's awesome. Very adorable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah okay. I think of it all kind of imagine look like it just good looking dog with you know that uh coloration that has the from black and the white come front.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then for
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: Halloween, you can give him one of those alcohol barrels if they were in their next you know, Jack's gonna Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: to folks. Yeah. Uh huh. Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: one right here so I can angle it way. But oh, he's think
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: way. Wait, the acre. Mhm. It's kind of resisting for whatever reason that way. Okay. Yeah he's a wire haired pointing your phone. He is he doesn't look
SPEAKER_R: kid.
SPEAKER_L: like how they should, if you look them up you will not see one that looks like him. He's goofy people confusing for a wolf sometimes. And then I have my other one, my little buddy who is always by my side actually right here with me right now. Okay spit older snow. Well well
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: shit too. So yeah I kind of woke her up you know you just working, he wants attention but yeah so I have these two there there were four, there were is another one of the one of both actually this just do and there is a for fun but professor right now but sister sister fish issue brother sister for the griffon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah they they're good dogs and I don't know if you know much about refunds do you?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know much about them, I mean and a little bit more, much too. Is that a friend that their family film? But I don't know what I've seen before but but for breath or anything sure hunting with.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah hunting. He would suck at hunting. He's we didn't train them at all to be a hunter, he was just a beautiful but his sister uh was definitely a hunter, she was huge. Like she had that mentality crazy heart even though we didn't hunt them or anything, I wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it on. Right.
SPEAKER_R: storage backgrounds as far as what they would, you're right with a bird dogs or?
SPEAKER_L: bird
SPEAKER_R: No. Right.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: they're pointers they would uh yeah she she would point and that was just instinct or natural like bread instinct. It was kind of crazy to see it sometimes. She
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: touched well it yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she's very protective though and we yeah we could keep her around but he's way less of a protective kind of nutcase on the that way the female ones are extremely jealous territorial. Yeah and so the boy ones aren't as bad. We've always got female dogs. So that was our original intention was to just get one female, Well two females actually and the guys originally the breeder told us they had two females for sale and then he came back and was like one of them is actually a boy and we nearly didn't do it surprisingly because we just don't have we really never had boy dogs because of their tendency like I always need to pee everywhere in mark the cherry sign but really worked out in my opinion. I feel like key have a great addition to prove that not all boys talks are a mess.
SPEAKER_R: usually they
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: more territory, the more aggressive um let alone, you know the other nature of them where they're always wanting to grab ahold of something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No he he's nothing like that. So very surprised but it's very glad he used to use dr
SPEAKER_R: You're looking dogs. I like the way there because you're right. It is almost kind of wolf like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. But if you or did you look them up? No, I haven't. Okay if you like look them up and see what a normal one looks like. I don't know if you could, if you saw your all too well he looks nothing like them. Like I said they actually, most of them they're black. His yeah, his coloring went wild. We don't we don't know what happened like.
SPEAKER_R: he's kind of, he's just grey or does he have other then?
SPEAKER_L: Uh he's kind of like great brown, like a light brown. Yeah, turned out very weird. The guy even said when like we told him what happened, he was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry you can have a new dog for that. You know, it's like because it wasn't the kind of type he was intending, right? It wasn't like he didn't turn out house speaker phone and you're like, oh no, we love him, you know on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's true. That's crazy that he was willing to offer like a totally new dog, man.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know this guy kind of I'd say it's kind of a blew me in the head a little bit. He breathes Groupons and beagles. Think beetles are also kind of like a hunting dog and for the other one to on um, what's her name? He also offered a new dog for her because she was too hard to handle. It was like, you can have any puppy for her and
SPEAKER_R: That's what,
SPEAKER_L: julie could place her. Yeah, like I went to his farm once and yeah, uh weird guy, the vets in his town don't like the middle as well because instead of like humanely putting down his dogs, he feels it's right that he puts him down so he shoots him in the head, it's like put them down. Yeah, I don't like that
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: no matter
SPEAKER_R: but it,
SPEAKER_L: what he thinks, If it's humane or something, I don't know because they can still feel like a second of pain, you know, if I'm being put down that way versus being like you can actually something. So yeah griffin breeders are just a crazy bunch. We tried to talk to this other lady and she wasn't willing to sell this one because we weren't going to use them for hunting. Yeah they were like no these are hunting dogs.
SPEAKER_R: interesting,
SPEAKER_L: You hunt? Yeah but we got him happy with him. Good good dog. Yeah. Uh Also a bird actually do.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What kind of bird? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she's all the way in a different room. But yeah it's just kind of funny. I had a bird into bird hunting dogs mm Any time the female one even had any thought of knowing where she was, she was like always wanting to like attack and find like I smell her, I want to get her very pretty scary sometimes. She. Yeah. So.
SPEAKER_R: that's predicament. Get birds bird, but uh I had a brother that had had birds um My mainly parakeets, he's had quite a few throughout, but mainly parakeets and what he kept.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah parakeets are cute, they don't uh don't live that long but now it's a little bit mouthy but yeah I I like to I was looking into a whole bunch of birds previously it's like became a huge fan of periods, I was like oh they're just so cool. I mean I became I've always been a huge fan of animals in general, like all my life I've had assortment of pets and I also had an iguana at one point. Um But then the bird came later and remember just a meeting with the dealer, The breeder call your dealer sounds like a drug dealer. Uh huh. She had just hole sort of made of birds there. She had all these cockatiels. They were she had uh lovebirds, she was hand feeding, throwing them up. She had an african grey. It's crazy. Yeah. But um I think uh cockatiels they're a good kind of starter burrito here.
SPEAKER_R: I guess like a bird's the next family pet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The african grays or caucuses, caucuses especially. I don't know if you know too much about him, do you?
SPEAKER_R: I know a little but not not in great detail like I don't know their tendencies or anything like that
SPEAKER_L: Okay? Uh First thing I read about him when I was like looking them up is they act as like a two year old pretty much so they're kind of like a toddler. They will scream and they require so much attention
SPEAKER_R: exit.
SPEAKER_L: so and they will speak to the cool thing is that they will talk but they're really loud, very very loud and they will be allowed for hours. So if you want silence you're not going to get that with
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Maybe that's not the bird for us.
SPEAKER_L: No, no they're cool. But all those big birds are require a lot of attention though.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah sure. I mean you know they're used to being able to fly around in a jungle right? So when you keep them in and their cages I mean that makes it more difficult. We have to give more attention to know that they have uh they're loved. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. I never I never keep my bird in her cage out during the day, only when she's asleep. She has access to like the full room, just open it up, comes out, walks around a bit, admires yourself in the mirror kind of her day.
SPEAKER_R: that's the first good. Yeah. People.
SPEAKER_L: she's happy there from also uh he wanted to, you want to see an interesting video later uh If you look at the there's an african gay called Einstein, is it ted talk? So you look up? I just think Einstein the bird, you can probably figure out or find it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome. Video. Is this offer?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think I've seen some of those videos before on that one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that one is awesome. I love that one. It would have like a conversation with the girl like mimic the noise issue and it was like making it caramelized and so so cool.
SPEAKER_R: African grays are cool as far as how much they can mimic and like remember as well um Crazy Dimona places that they can hold retain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, stuff is crazy. It's words are really cool. And
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: guess
SPEAKER_L: uh Sarah is it?
SPEAKER_R: but I was saying I guess I heard the Telegraph a little while ago. We,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we're good to go if you need to go.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah I just I just want to check on her.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no you're good. How you doing man? It was nice meeting you though.
SPEAKER_R: It's very nice meeting. You appreciate it. Have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: All right see you later.