Hey man how's it going?
Hey I'm good sorry I just got home. I was like oh I just got the message and I was like I need to log on.
No you gotta get,
okay cool.
Yeah not too bad. She's been running some errands today my half day uh Makes it easier to run everything.
You've been handling things with the pandemic. Yeah.
All right. What what area are?
Yeah
I'm in a Kansas city area. Yeah but I thought you know it's more surprising because texas has been pretty my knowledge a little little more loose. A little more open.
The
were you thinking?
But yeah you plan, I know a lot of people do bio and then they go into medicine afterwards. That kind of plan.
No I've been out for a while. Um Yeah. Birth let me or you?
Okay. Little better. Okay I agree. Uh No
I've gone through college. I did forensic accounting, my major and then uh for undergrad and then I went and got my master's, my M. B. A. Um And they're yeah I work for the federal government.
Well yeah at least gives you a pretty stable job during something like this. Uh
not. I mean
to.
Yeah I I get that a lot, especially with my job. So I'm a I'm a bank examiner. And so what I do is when I meet with bank executives and their boards and kind of tell them what they're doing wrong, what they need to fix. Um They have gaps and kind of something. Yeah a little hard with his face, 60 or 60 years old, what what they're doing wrong? I'm just going to be able to have confidence they handle it. But
I'm gonna tell you that. Look I've been doing this 30 years I think. I know what I'm talking about like. Well yeah. Yeah.
I think so. I mean some something it's just numbers a little bit boring but I don't know I think a lot of interesting thing to learn because that's when I was in banking before I did this. I wasn't thinking 10 years before I took this job on. I'm in this one for a couple years about three years now. And it really opened my eyes to like how much happened that I didn't know about. You know like at the senior level management and kind of what all they have to do to bank
running interested in that aspect.
Yeah I mean it takes for me it takes all types so for me like going through a business you know major and knowing business school like talk about bio and science it's like I might know a thing or two with nothing more than that. You know we start getting depth on different subjects but I lived in a college town for like eight years and so um a lot of friends that were in there were you know more my age I started talking to they were all going through ph. D. S. And so I know a lot of people at work actually biologists and zoologists. Um. Mhm. You know they would have different studies some and became zookeeper. You know that that zoos and some became uh professors. But
it.
Yeah.
Yeah it was pretty funny it's like the whole thing like if you can do if you can't teach having.
so
for all this craziness happened like what do you do as a hobby?
Yeah.
If.
in
I mean I used to be so yeah, I used to but that was like 15 years ago and so before I got I got married early, so I got married, I was 19 and uh I'm 30 now, so but I was heavy gamer back, like, World of Warcraft was big when I was in high school and um so
I
have a few brothers, we all play together, you know, I had killed and all that stuff, but um once I got married it just seemed like an apple every time to Yeah.
Yeah, we were high school sweethearts and then got married our high school and then kept going after that, so
not always, that was easy, but
make it work.
Yeah, but now as far as like Jamie goes like um upper Yeah. Uh no. RTs and um kind of strategy games, that's what I prefer.
But as far as otherwise, like I'll watch some stuff, I'll see some streamers and things like that and I watch things on you too, but I'm not serious in the gaming like I used to be used to be,
you know. Mhm.
2000 and four or something like that.
Brothers that still play and I'm just like, you've been around for, you know, a
decade plus playing games, what are you doing? Really? Yeah,
that's fuck
I got into a couple of like mobile games somewhat
recent 12 months. But even then I'll get it, I got heavy for about four or five months after that. I was like, what am I doing this? I
need to
go paint a room, I gotta take care of the house.
Yeah, for sure. I mean that's how actually I got into gaming was my dad, he was always a big gamer. He was like a computer programmer, middle 80 and after he retired from that, he was just always been big on technology. So we always have all the game systems and we play pc games together all the time. So, so I first got into it now. My brothers too.
is not one.
yeah. I can't either. Let me because of how I feel like it's just like mundane data entry kind of stuff where it's just nothing that sparks an interest for me.
yeah, I can see that as well. I don't know. I never really got into it. I thought about it a little bit. I even thought like, well, you know, maybe like I'll take some evening classes, like a jUCO and she kind of learn some python or something like that and learn from these different coding languages but I haven't really gotten into it. I just can't can't get that jumpstarted me yet to really go learn it.
definitely lucrative for sure. But even that just like you think about not only money wise within content that they can create. It's the stuff that we enjoy doing right the games we played programs we use the athletes. Yeah.
Camp.
So
that's not the life for me.
Yeah I don't want to do that. That's kind of how I felt like oh all right I have my C. P. A. License. So uh I thought about going to an accounting firm and I was like during busy seasons working 70 80 hours a week. I don't want to do that. Like that's not something that appeals to me. I can make a lot more doing it, but I don't want to, you know, not have a life for six months of the
year.
Yeah, definitely. From end of the year, through brief.
I enjoy what I do, good living and, um, powers are great. So like today I have today, I'll get every other friday off, definitely added benefit.
Yeah. That's just great scheduling on your park.
Yeah. How many more years you have left?
Okay. You went to Athens.
Yeah. And there was some people come from Alabama originally and so I need, some people are from Augusta, they were definitely like, I don't know, upper class, I guess. I would put it, you know, it would go at best. Yeah. At the, at the course there, you know, where
they play
the map.
Sorry, I
was
just saying that they had family go and play at the gust of course before they play the match. Yeah they were
I guess if you know that you're calling cards for the town another they don't have that. They're probably not even really anything.
Don't play with my do the same thing.
Ask.
Quite a few car girls growing
up and they always seem to do well like a couple 100 bucks on a on a weekend. For sure.
Is that?
I want to. Yeah.
dumb men are the ones. Yeah.
Yeah. I I don't know there's no appeal to me for that like that makes zero sense. Give my money to somebody that does nothing for me.
And like really? I mean the self, your self worth you want to give that up to you know a few $100 you know each week or whatever that there okay, it's odd to me that doesn't track with what I I would do my or my morals, so I don't know that it's just a weird lifestyle.
Yeah, it's for them,
so.
Hello? Yeah, I mean it's almost two like a like a saloon girl kind of thing, you know, out of the frontier, they feel like that's the only kind of job or attention they could get was let's do that, so in a way it's kind of hurting back to just with different form of technology.
uh it's
different,
Yeah, we have a cat for like nine years and then we have a puppy that's about five months old now.
Yeah, the Bernese mountain dog.
it's gonna be like a yeah
Yeah okay. I think of it all kind of imagine look like it just good looking dog with you know that uh coloration that has the from black and the white come front.
It's
What
about
you?
Yeah
like
kid.
If
Okay, that's cool.
I don't know much about them, I mean and a little bit more, much too. Is that a friend that their family film? But I don't know what I've seen before but but for breath or anything sure hunting with.
you know
like
storage backgrounds as far as what they would, you're right with a bird dogs or?
No. Right.
Who?
that
touched well it yeah.
usually they
want
more territory, the more aggressive um let alone, you know the other nature of them where they're always wanting to grab ahold of something. Yeah.
You're looking dogs. I like the way there because you're right. It is almost kind of wolf like.
he's kind of, he's just grey or does he have other then?
Yeah. That's true. That's crazy that he was willing to offer like a totally new dog, man.
That's what,
That's
but it,
interesting,
Okay. What kind of bird? Okay.
Yeah.
that's predicament. Get birds bird, but uh I had a brother that had had birds um My mainly parakeets, he's had quite a few throughout, but mainly parakeets and what he kept.
I guess like a bird's the next family pet.
I know a little but not not in great detail like I don't know their tendencies or anything like that
exit.
Yes. Maybe that's not the bird for us.
Yeah sure. I mean you know they're used to being able to fly around in a jungle right? So when you keep them in and their cages I mean that makes it more difficult. We have to give more attention to know that they have uh they're loved. Mhm.
that's the first good. Yeah. People.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think I've seen some of those videos before on that one.
African grays are cool as far as how much they can mimic and like remember as well um Crazy Dimona places that they can hold retain.
I
guess
but I was saying I guess I heard the Telegraph a little while ago. We,
okay. Yeah I just I just want to check on her.
It's very nice meeting. You appreciate it. Have a good one.
All right see you later.