Yeah. Mhm. Oh, bye. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, this is, yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Right. You guys are going to turn off your um district? You're dying? Yeah. Okay. Right. Okay. Oh, but yeah. What? Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
Hey, hurry.
No, you're good.
I'll set a timer.
Yeah. All right. So yeah, how's it going in here?
Okay, that's pretty good. Oh,
you know, I mean it hasn't been the worst like for me at least. Yeah, But I mean haven't really left the house since it started. As you can tell my hair is quite long too. No haircut. Yeah,
I'm from texas. Yeah.
Where you at?
Yeah. We we haven't handled it very well at all. But that's also why I don't leave the house. Don't trust around here. Thankfully, my college agreed to go entirely online so I don't have to be in person.
Mhm. What's that?
I'm studying bio biology, yep, so that's fun.
Yeah. As everyone else does. No no good reason. You wanna buy oversized going into medical honestly, wow. Yeah. So are you in college? Are you out?
Yeah, starting cutting out. I can't,
Mhm.
Oh that's exciting.
That's true. That's true. We're never gonna lose out on that, are we? Yeah.
You
sorry you don't look old honestly. I would assume that you would call you.
Yeah they see and they're like why is this kid talk really?
Well it's uh it's cool though. I I've never met anyone he's done some like that let's say interesting
All
Yeah I can imagine you wearing a lot. It is so it's interesting. I don't know anything about that stuff. But yeah, no, I mean talk to anyone if they like talk to me, they're like, oh, your bottom material and then I like, we'll start talking about what I know and something like, I don't know what should I? Uh Yeah, probably the same way with whatever you're doing, so don't worry, it's okay.
Yeah, I had actually a professor once a if you
go into biology, but you're not good enough to go to med school, you become a professor. Yeah, I
was like, that was like, I don't believe that. Imagine these people who prefer to teach you honest, but that was so funny, anybody here say that.
Yeah, exactly. That, you know to be a coach, I can't play you coach. Yeah, but I
don't know.
Um where all this happened, I just outside of school because school takes up like pretty much all my time. Um, I'm in an honor society that I actively partake in and I play video games. It's pretty much my life so far right now. Yeah.
And so not much has changed at all besides
it will leave the house, so yeah, outside of that, it's just switched all indoors. Yeah.
So you play any games are not a gamer.
What,
what?
Marriage does that, Yeah, but no, that's awesome of it. You've been together so long. Honestly. It's very cool, especially at such a young age too are just say so.
that's awesome.
But
yeah, everyone's dream story, you know, always has something that I remember thinking like being in that situation and then, uh, uh, yeah, I'm here now, so I'm good worry out there. It all turned out our, for me though.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
I got you. Yeah.
The crazy thing to me is how popular world of work I've still is honestly I have friends who still played Tuesday and I'm like, how long has that been around for? Yeah, 20 years.
Okay. Yeah. That's that's insane. It's crazy how done so well.
All
And I actually have a friend who the games he plays actively now are the games he played like 10 years ago.
Yeah, I'm like, why don't you play all these new games that are coming out? He's like, I I enjoy this. All right. I mean if you enjoy it, I can't judge good for you
for that,
back
up.
Yeah. I would definitely say it's how my dad is. I try to get him into steam, you know, seeing his Yeah, I try to get him to see me and like play some games. And he did for a bit and he was like, what am I doing? This isn't worth my time. I gotta go move the lawn. Really? Yeah. I mean it's cool hobby.
That's actually really cool. My I uh first semester I wanted to go into programming uh lasted one semester. I was like I play computers all the time. I like love this, right? It's kind of my mindset and then I just like this is so tedious. Yeah.
No, no. If I could have like found my way into it and like found the enjoyment in it, I probably would have been like find great because obviously I can sit down for hours and like do school stuff, but I could not not by myself interested. Right?
Yeah. I also like in a way there is creativity to it and I feel like I am probably one of the least creative people I know. So trying to like come up with the program or something or like writing all that code and it's like I'm going to struggle. Uh huh
Yeah. I mean like you said not for everyone, but to the people who do really enjoy it, good for them because they can make a lot from that job. Especially now.
Yeah. Yeah. Everyone I know who goes into it's like I want to be a game designer, I want to make games,
you know all that mindset and I you always read those things online about those like
Rockstar Dev's. I don't know if you've heard that terminology, like how they just put like 24 hours a day until like coding just nonstop. Like they're forced cut all the time and they have like terrible wages. I read the stuff. I'm like, I don't want to do that.
No, I'd rather, I don't know. I really stay in the hospital for that long. I mean, I thought it could be doing a little bit more for myself. That position.
And
yeah, my aunt was accountant actually, so I never asked her about it, but yeah, she was always always working pretty much my star.
Just constant. Yeah, I worry. Yeah.
Yeah, that was very nice. It is awesome. I have Fridays on to actually, but that's because they're in a class. All right.
It's true. Yeah. Has. Oh, me, totally not the only available classes left.
Um I'm technically a serious here, but I'll probably have one more year after this so they can like super senior. Yeah. Last fall. Yeah. As well. I went to Georgia this semester instantly came home, not for me. So that was a semester off the books.
Uh, I guess. Uh, so yeah, was a small town, kind of a cold city coltish. So everywhere they look the same. They were all from there. If you went from there, you here in our gas can. And as I don't fit in. Yeah.
Wait,
you're
cutting out there. What was that? Sorry?
You
are.
Yeah. That is their uh, one prize possession. The masters and their college. Any subject we'll talk about that. They will bring that into every subject I heard about in everything I heard about it in like, uh, physics hard about it. And kim speech, we all talked about the massachusetts here. Like they're in love with this. Think.
You're not wrong. They really are anything outside of that. The crazy thing about it is the people who live there when the masters are going on. Like in those homes, there's like old plantation homes, their massive plantation homes, beautiful and everything. They will leave for those like weeks and they'll run out the houses for like tens of thousands of dollars. Make tons of money from those people. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. No, honestly right. Just go stay in a hotel nearby or maybe, I don't know, just $80 a day or something. Making 10 grand of course. Well, they're not. But yeah. Also dated a girl who was uh she worked on a on one of the golf carts, handed out drinks and people would tip her like hundreds like, you know, thanks for the drink, have one on me. And she's like at her age at the time she was like, okay, so the drink with them, I was
like, honestly worth it. Making money going on. So
company.
Yeah. Those old white men, they
like the tip like to get their attention. I don't know if it's the best way to get attention. But yeah, weird weird trends nowadays. I don't know if you know much about Tiktok. Yeah.
I, I don't have it. So I don't really know much about it. But I saw this article recently where girls are like posting um, kind of videos of how much money their sugar daddies pay them kind of like out of pride. Answer in these girls are getting paid just 255 100 for nothing. Like catching nothing close. All right. What the hell is poor manner? I mean, he released a report man. Clearly not. But
Yeah. There I can't, I can't see why that would ever be worth it.
Yeah, exactly. And I also just, I feel kind of bad that these girls, I don't know that they are able to do this in a way they're kind of and I feel slightly demeaning to them, but they don't really see that critics say that's uh not great and then puts it online. All these people say they're like, oh, I want that life, you know?
Yeah. I don't even really want to know what they do to get that money. That's also everything. I feel like that is also very just devaluating of them people, right? Their choice, their life, you know?
And if you take Yeah, I mean also if there's a guy out there who's willing to pay them and they can figure it out whatever you find a guy that dumb. Okay, good for you I guess. Uh I don't even know. Just just concerning the same time, you know, because like
we're going back in time. Yeah.
Yeah. And also I wouldn't be surprised if some of these guys feel like their property to them, you know? But they're like okay with that because they're getting paid. Yeah. I don't know,
just like
that ad it's sad but I don't know, onto a better topic. Uh Do you have any pets?
What what kind of breed?
Okay, lets me a bigger dog. Mm
That's that's awesome. Very adorable.
Yeah. And then for
Halloween, you can give him one of those alcohol barrels if they were in their next you know, Jack's gonna Yeah,
I
have
to folks. Yeah. Uh huh. Right
one right here so I can angle it way. But oh, he's think
way. Wait, the acre. Mhm. It's kind of resisting for whatever reason that way. Okay. Yeah he's a wire haired pointing your phone. He is he doesn't look
like how they should, if you look them up you will not see one that looks like him. He's goofy people confusing for a wolf sometimes. And then I have my other one, my little buddy who is always by my side actually right here with me right now. Okay spit older snow. Well well
shit too. So yeah I kind of woke her up you know you just working, he wants attention but yeah so I have these two there there were four, there were is another one of the one of both actually this just do and there is a for fun but professor right now but sister sister fish issue brother sister for the griffon.
Yeah they they're good dogs and I don't know if you know much about refunds do you?
Yeah. Yeah hunting. He would suck at hunting. He's we didn't train them at all to be a hunter, he was just a beautiful but his sister uh was definitely a hunter, she was huge. Like she had that mentality crazy heart even though we didn't hunt them or anything, I wouldn't
take
it on. Right.
bird
so
they're pointers they would uh yeah she she would point and that was just instinct or natural like bread instinct. It was kind of crazy to see it sometimes. She
was
she's very protective though and we yeah we could keep her around but he's way less of a protective kind of nutcase on the that way the female ones are extremely jealous territorial. Yeah and so the boy ones aren't as bad. We've always got female dogs. So that was our original intention was to just get one female, Well two females actually and the guys originally the breeder told us they had two females for sale and then he came back and was like one of them is actually a boy and we nearly didn't do it surprisingly because we just don't have we really never had boy dogs because of their tendency like I always need to pee everywhere in mark the cherry sign but really worked out in my opinion. I feel like key have a great addition to prove that not all boys talks are a mess.
Thank
you.
No he he's nothing like that. So very surprised but it's very glad he used to use dr
Yeah. Yeah. But if you or did you look them up? No, I haven't. Okay if you like look them up and see what a normal one looks like. I don't know if you could, if you saw your all too well he looks nothing like them. Like I said they actually, most of them they're black. His yeah, his coloring went wild. We don't we don't know what happened like.
Uh he's kind of like great brown, like a light brown. Yeah, turned out very weird. The guy even said when like we told him what happened, he was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry you can have a new dog for that. You know, it's like because it wasn't the kind of type he was intending, right? It wasn't like he didn't turn out house speaker phone and you're like, oh no, we love him, you know on.
Yeah, I know this guy kind of I'd say it's kind of a blew me in the head a little bit. He breathes Groupons and beagles. Think beetles are also kind of like a hunting dog and for the other one to on um, what's her name? He also offered a new dog for her because she was too hard to handle. It was like, you can have any puppy for her and
julie could place her. Yeah, like I went to his farm once and yeah, uh weird guy, the vets in his town don't like the middle as well because instead of like humanely putting down his dogs, he feels it's right that he puts him down so he shoots him in the head, it's like put them down. Yeah, I don't like that
no matter
what he thinks, If it's humane or something, I don't know because they can still feel like a second of pain, you know, if I'm being put down that way versus being like you can actually something. So yeah griffin breeders are just a crazy bunch. We tried to talk to this other lady and she wasn't willing to sell this one because we weren't going to use them for hunting. Yeah they were like no these are hunting dogs.
You hunt? Yeah but we got him happy with him. Good good dog. Yeah. Uh Also a bird actually do.
Yeah,
she's all the way in a different room. But yeah it's just kind of funny. I had a bird into bird hunting dogs mm Any time the female one even had any thought of knowing where she was, she was like always wanting to like attack and find like I smell her, I want to get her very pretty scary sometimes. She. Yeah. So.
Okay. Yeah parakeets are cute, they don't uh don't live that long but now it's a little bit mouthy but yeah I I like to I was looking into a whole bunch of birds previously it's like became a huge fan of periods, I was like oh they're just so cool. I mean I became I've always been a huge fan of animals in general, like all my life I've had assortment of pets and I also had an iguana at one point. Um But then the bird came later and remember just a meeting with the dealer, The breeder call your dealer sounds like a drug dealer. Uh huh. She had just hole sort of made of birds there. She had all these cockatiels. They were she had uh lovebirds, she was hand feeding, throwing them up. She had an african grey. It's crazy. Yeah. But um I think uh cockatiels they're a good kind of starter burrito here.
Yeah. The african grays or caucuses, caucuses especially. I don't know if you know too much about him, do you?
Okay? Uh First thing I read about him when I was like looking them up is they act as like a two year old pretty much so they're kind of like a toddler. They will scream and they require so much attention
so and they will speak to the cool thing is that they will talk but they're really loud, very very loud and they will be allowed for hours. So if you want silence you're not going to get that with
No, no they're cool. But all those big birds are require a lot of attention though.
Yeah, definitely. I never I never keep my bird in her cage out during the day, only when she's asleep. She has access to like the full room, just open it up, comes out, walks around a bit, admires yourself in the mirror kind of her day.
she's happy there from also uh he wanted to, you want to see an interesting video later uh If you look at the there's an african gay called Einstein, is it ted talk? So you look up? I just think Einstein the bird, you can probably figure out or find it. Yeah,
it's awesome. Video. Is this offer?
Yeah, that one is awesome. I love that one. It would have like a conversation with the girl like mimic the noise issue and it was like making it caramelized and so so cool.
Yeah, stuff is crazy. It's words are really cool. And
then
uh Sarah is it?
Oh yeah, we're good to go if you need to go.
Yeah, no you're good. How you doing man? It was nice meeting you though.
You too.