Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Right okay. Okay. Hey what are you doing here? Is what I could burn look evening. Right I have one but I don't know why it's in here if it works. Yeah. Right. Mhm. I have no idea why this is here where it came from taking it for a student I think in the middle you use it and bring it back and I'll just put this taking it back on it'll be fine. I bet that's fine. Thank you. Uh huh. Thank you. Oh yeah yeah wow. Oh good line. Yeah. Oh hi how are you?
Mhm I'm good. Um Have you done one of these already?
I did I did for maybe so and then it ended and I thought well I may as well do more. They seemed to go fairly well which is useful.
where are you where are you are you uh in the U. S. I don't know if these are us only. I think I had somebody that was foreign once but I couldn't. We had technical problems.
Problem. No I think everybody else I've had has been us and they may have been in the U. S. I couldn't understand a word of what was going on. It was like every time they talked it made a weird noise and I couldn't
hear anything. It was weird.
We made it like 15 minutes though which was just holding up pieces of paper and trying to communicate. Mhm. Well because she kept saying like maybe a microphone and and she was like point at the different microphone on her head set
and she switch had set so that and I could see the video. It just
didn't work. It
was weird.
Uh No I turned it in as one that had technical issues and they gave me like
for it
and told me to reschedule. Yeah which I guess I still got a dollar, it wasn't a bad and I scheduled them all my break, so like when I'm eating lunch at work,
I do
this.
My name is brad, what's yours, kim? It's nice to talk to you. Mhm.
Oh I don't know, I never know what to talk about, I always have left that up to the other person kind of
I don't
know. Is
there?
Oh that's a ton of stuff. Um Let's see, so uh let's see I'm uh I don't know, I'm in my mid thirties, I have three kids and I teach at the high school, so
this is my lunch break at the high school, I'm going to go
back to teaching after this and uh I don't know, I'm a pretty average guy.
that's always an odd place to be. I understand, I've been in that non sure.
Now have a have your travel plans, have your travel plans been like completely canceled because of the corona or are you unable
to travel
for
things because of the shutdowns? Uh huh
To
be
Who?
and
my wife had to take it once she had, I don't know, she had a sinus infection so she had a fever but it
wasn't related
at all and her work required her to go get a test before she could come back into work, but she works for our local health department so I get why they're nuts, but it was kind of an odd think like she really just need some antibiotics and instead we got to go sit in the line and take a test and
Um I'm in
Ohio and it's not, but it's kind of is like um we still, if I'm outside of my office, I have to wear a mask. It where things like that. Um you have to wear a mask in the store, but uh to be honest, on the weekends I'm a musician and I still go to bars and play shows just like normal, so
it's sort of like
they have to close at a different time, so maybe we play an hour earlier um or there's a little bit less people and they have to be at their seats with their drinks, but they could still be in the room, they just have to sit down when they have a drink in their hand. My kid plays um my my middle son plays fall baseball and they told us basically the rule statewide is you have to wear a mask all the
time. As long as you have a water bottle in your hand, nobody can be fine for not wearing a mask. So please carry a water bottle if you don't want to wear one. It's like, oh, okay. You know, like, well mostly wear them, but there's some people that will always carry a water bottle around. That's a good out. I say we do.
Is it, is it pretty strict where you're at? Is it?
Now
there's
probably,
um, I would say there's
about
four
or 5 stores
that I'm
in
once a week. Like on my way to work, I stopped and buy gas at the same store every day. None of their employees where they don't ask anybody to wear them if you wear one, that's fine, you
know? But uh huh. I, and then I get into the town I work in has a city mask mandate to so there it's very more strict than you can be fined. And it's a city ordinance, not a health department ordinance in that matters
like where I live, they just if you called the sheriff, they'd say I'm not the masked police called the health department and send you on your way. And and it and a lot of times I've run to the dollar store because it's closest I've been in there in the evenings at the same time that the police is in there on his way to a shift and I call him
little copies shorter than I am and I'm not a tall guy. So but
I I've known him for about three years. I've never seen him wear a mask. This here's the the policeman is not, you know,
and
he's
an odd.
It's like if they're going to uh if they're going to do it they will if if they're not they're not but I really think the telling them they have to doesn't make a difference.
That was
I saw I
saw that and they said that Zoom stock dropped like 25% yesterday as soon as they announced it because they said if they have a vaccine, they don't need video conferencing software and their stock just plummeted. That's kind of nuts. You know that I was real convinced it would all go away like in the springtime I was like it's
just gonna pass over. It's always something scary on the Nunes. Well because the news always tells you scary stuff and like there never things are always scary when you hear them and I'm like yes I don't worry about scary stuff, it'll be fine, and then it was like oh it's november, it's still not fine, I guess it's scary stuff. Mhm
Mhm.
Well
and
it's kind of like
the states that have the rules about thanksgiving, like you can't have so many family members and that thanks to, its like, oh no, then you won't be able to have people at christmas, what are you gonna do, like? So it's a weird world that we live in?
and they kept a lot of places are saying, you know, it's limited by household, so you're like, well I don't live with anyone, what do I do? I, you know,
we, we live in
little tiny small town and my parents live like three houses down from us, so the whole time while we're staying home I'm still over at their
house, mowing
their yard and
doing
stuff you know uh we're just the same household, why not? Mm we'll count
it that way mhm
but I can imagine
like if you weren't that would be hard right well
very little, I used to go fishing in Canada when I was a kid and that was about it, we live like four hours from Lake Erie, so we go
we go to the lake, we drive it, we don't even drive into Canada, we take a boat across to Canada and like fishing Canadian waters and spend the day. It was a weird thing
probably not since I was about 13 so it's been 20 years now that where all have you traveled? You travel a lot?
no that's that's way more than me
Right. I am.
Yeah, I I used to
box truck.
Go ahead.
Oh no, no that's okay.
I guess I used to I used to drive a box truck and I had to travel like multiple states like um You know three or 4 states at a time. But I
never I never got to go anywhere cool for work out of the country. Oh and when one time my work sent me to to L. A. And wants to boston and that was like that was the traveling, that was it. Mhm.
The they were fun trips
though.
Yeah that's a that's a good way to count it.
Let's see. Yeah
that's kind of I don't know it's a fun project. It's the best way to make money on the side because you get to hang out at bars and drink
for free and hang out with all your other musician friends. Um Other than that, like uh my kids play baseball, so I helped coach baseball, really, we do um a ton of like the kids love video games, so we played the Minecraft and it drives me nuts. Um But we do a lot of, we do a lot of like construction too, like we're doing a full house, a historical
house rehab right now, so on weekends I'll go there and work. Another crew, works during the week, but I'm related to those guys, so it's sort of a like a pick up job, they say, oh just paint these rooms or do whatever you're doing and we'll pay you a little bit.
So what about you?
Do you have
good
I think it counts.
well, that's a good one
though, I
mean that's one that
it's a fun if you kind of like a hobby, not just chore if you sort of do it because you enjoy it. You
know,
we have like we have a back deck, we have a backpack
with
a lot of
grills, it's got like like two regular grills and a big smoker and and we spend like a whole weekend cooking in the fall and it's, you know, it's it's more like a hobby than just regular cooking, so I get it.
It
Probably no uh
generally
if I had to pick one thing, I mean it's like uh sort of probably like a mix of either barbecue or seafood, so because like I love barbecued meats, we do smoked meats, but then I would rather eat like fish and shrimp every day, so, but it's um Lake Erie is a long haul and you can only catch so many while i in a day and then you have to cook them, but when you can have them, that's probably the best. What about you?
I
mean is there like specific ones that are like, that really blows my mind or is it just general like this food?
What
was
it
cheese?
But it's
My you
know,
Of my mm That's it,
My
my
middle son.
No, go ahead. Yeah,
No, my middle son, my middle son refuses to eat cheese. He's eight and
like if you put it on his spaghetti or whatever, he pulls it off and it's the spaghetti underneath, it's okay man, Whatever you like, you know, that's
it.
You're
missing
out, but Okay.
mm
uh
No, I I
get it. Mhm.
I eat olives, eat olives all the time. Like We
got we can feel like 2-3 jars of all of the week. Yeah, like like green ones, Yeah.
Mhm. It used to be with the person cheese.
Uh huh
Yeah.
One
yeah, I've had like fried plantains are great and I used to try to make them and I can't make them very well. Mhm Uh huh
The if
if
somebody else I know, but if somebody else makes them, I will eat them. Yeah.
mostly.
there's
a few things, but it's really good.
Okay. I don't know.
But
I don't know which one is which We've been to the one in florida, Disney world I think. Uh but not Disneyland in California suck. But we went we used
to
go to
we used
to go to Disney World a lot as a child like Uh huh. Mhm.
Yeah.
I think
my parents
took
us
five or 6 tons.
They're kind of
wild.
that
Yeah, I
think my timers got one minute left. Yes. And I've
got kids
joining
my zoom
class
already
that starts
in.
it was nice to talk to you, too. I these are always an adventure. Yeah.
Yeah, it's
it's always now it's it's fun. Good. Mhm. Mhm.
I think I think we're at time, so So I've got over 25 so we're definitely there. But it was nice to talk to you today. Mhm. I hope I hope
you have a good day.
Mhm.
I'm fine, mm.