And uh I'm good. How y you?
Yeah. Yeah, I did it in the first round but I only did I think a session so. Yeah. Yeah.
I guess extremely. Yeah.
I'm in the US though, but I don't know if it's not only the U. S.
To
listen.
thank
you.
Did
you get paid?
It's a complicated
question.
I
will
tell you that. All right. Fair enough. So what's your name?
magnus. Um so what do we do for 25 minutes
do you think this year? Um
How
about
we horns talking about ourselves basically? Just anything you don't mind? Stranger knowing.
I
can't
Well, screen. So um All right. How to keep it short too. um I'm 22. I work at the NIH is some ground researcher and I basically shuffle usa and africa pretty obvious. Uh huh. I'm not married I don't have kids. Yeah. I don't know if I'm in a relationship though. Very complicated. Yeah.
Say yes this is just like the summary of it. Um I should be traveling all pretty soon. Looking forward to doing that so. Yeah.
No
it's just
involved.
Um Not at all. I have my fight scheduled for the end of the month and I just have to feel a loads and loads of paper works and then do loads of tests
if
I test positive and that's the end of me. I'm
definitely not going into a lot to take um
Let's test of all the time. So. Yeah.
What?
All
You're thinking you just sneezed at the very busy at work and you're going to take the test. You don't even have an excuse you really take the test to. How's it how's it been over there like it's like back to normal? What state are you
good?
thank you
People
What?
stan
No well due to wear a work I definitely wear a mask all the time. It's crazy because I'm that but if you have some buns with the lines of the map most times so you can imagine how crazy it is. Um Yeah the stories around you you also still have to wear a mask. I really don't go out anyway so um I don't see much but a few people I see I think they're all still very much complying to it so we
heard
much
in town.
I'm
thinking
about
work
by
Stewart.
You
What?
True.
What?
that's Uh huh.
Just
absolutely
nothing to wear a mask. There's absolutely nothing you can say to make them wear a mask. Just interesting way.
Oh well but I'm kind of just very skeptical because at some point I felt like um the old thing was going to fizzle at some point but right now it just keeps growing and it's just scary because yeah,
I saw review that they got a lesson. Um I don't know. Sugar.
so
Bye.
and change is oh my
okay so um I really just hope it goes away pretty soon because it's just stuff in a lot of things that everybody wants to do, it feels like the world is just standing by and we need to understand it by time is not waiting but we are, that's what the
script
please.
It's incredible. Uh huh.
Uh huh. We It's actually really thought for people that stay alone and um look forward to thanksgiving and Christmas to actually visit friends and family because now everybody just to have a family thing which is like 34 people and it's like so I'm going to spend thanksgiving along. Okay.
I
Thank you.
Thanks
for
knows
that.
me
honestly
I just
you always just basically staying together on stage. So um tell me um have you ever traveled out of the U. S. What countries have you been to?
I'm good.
Well. Well
Yes. Well I can't say a lot but I've been to most african countries so I will count that. But um I've only to china I've been to um Spain And the us and then probably 12 or 15 African countries so.
but it's just because my job, so not like their personal trip, they all work related. Uh Yeah
got it almost anyway
because like
I could blue.
Yeah I wasn't about to say anything. That makes sense. This is just talk
as.
brow.
Well
who
brings even if you've been to only one country, if you have fun I think you just pretty much counts then. So
this place accounting I guess it actually works. So um what do you do when you're not um teaching and when you're not plane it's because plane you said you're in a band?
point
what?
I
think it's
works
is it's
great. Yeah. Honestly if I say cookie and doesn't count because
yeah, that's basically the only thing that I kind of give myself time to do. Um I walk about 50 hours plus weekly. So yeah,
it's
crazy
food.
Come
on.
The fact
that
we have
makes it work that way because and it can be really
stressful and then the more you see it um as a job, most stressful it gets, the more you eat doing it. But if you enjoy doing this, you just realized it loads of varieties. So yes, what cousins you like? Are you just like the typical american?
No,
the
Yeah. Well um uh to be honest, it's been very much a struggle trying to adjust my taste buds over here. I'm gonna be right sensor. I really don't understand some of the things that, yeah,
but
One thing that I really, you know, don't, don't come any um my parents, you like, I really
don't eat
cheese
for anything in
this world. I don't know why you would like you, you
and my mom thought giving me this warm. You look like, why don't you get cheese? And I'm like, why would you in chief? I
don't know. I don't like
your no time enough and you all seem to like eating everything. I'm trying to order just pastor this cheese in it. I'm trying to as appeaser that she's in it. I'm trying to order this, this cheese and it's like, what can you go? Just eat something without apple's jube. I know. Yeah.
good. That's
the only other thing
I can
enter, like, no,
no, no, it's fine.
it is.
It's
the # one.
Like
most
of you all Okay. That's all you'll say. Oh, my colleagues always like who you missed up? And I'm like, no thanks Maybe. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well
thanks.
Tell me what's wrong. Rian thing that most people don't like, but then you like to Yeah.
What?
It's yeah.
You know, um
won't even like the end who obviously don't understand our plantings. Mhm. Uh
I like grilling them and like find them. They're so sweet. But my friends think I'm much truly weird. So if you have a
plantain, okay.
Why?
It's so
easy.
So you're like the type that just, did you just be anything as far as its food and it takes good basically.
Well, I like the concert like neutral. So All right, good
school.
So
I think the last
person I spoke to on you, she went on and on about um Disneyland. So have you ever taken your kids there?
I
thought
he was
being
Yeah.
You know
everybody
is
always
talking about
you're not Oh wow. Your kids definitely do are fine.
Well,
I like it already.
Okay. So um We are about a minute or two. Yes.
So
it
was really great
talking
to you
though. I think
this experience
was
this experience is kind of good. So it was great talking to you. Uh Yeah, that's it.
Yeah. Yeah. I just want to know that um different people. I can walk in something. Well, it's not scary. You
know serial killer, are you?
So um yeah, I guess we could Go 1126. Yeah.
All
So yeah, Youtube
can buy.