yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Did you get that? Yeah, I'll never know. Yeah. Mhm. Into a meeting? Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Yeah that's what happened. I think that's hello? Okay,
how are you doing today? I'm
good.
I'm
Gavin nice to meet you too.
Do you want to? Doing pretty good? Just woke up about a few hours ago though so looking like a
late
day,
I feel that. Tell me a little about yourself. What do you like to do? Good something?
hey, me too. What type do you play?
Are you uh you cut out? Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Let's get the uh I think the connection broke. Yeah, I don't know what to do or at least. Okay, hurry back. Exactly. Thank you know. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. I think I made a mistake. That's right. Do you mean I don't know how I did this? You're your own partner. I opened up the links wise. Well. Uh huh. Did the connection die?
Well,
You cut out right before you mentioned your favorite series?
Are
you struggling? Oh hey, I love double May cry to
Two.
I'm getting special edition day one
just for the virtual deal. Just for the virtual campaign.
She's a bitch. I always look for an excuse to replay devil may cry five and this is a perfect excuse. Mhm.
Yeah, I used to watch my dad
play a DMC three a lot.
Yeah. Shoot. So I mainly play J RPGS, like, like the tales of series trails. Mhm.
They can't
But
purpose if I played a fair bit of persona.
this changes.
Yeah. You can, you can basically start wherever with persona doesn't really matter.
Yeah, I will say the 5th one is probably is
the best one to start with. It's definitely the most streamlined.
Thank
you.
What?
Yeah, they got to push their exclusive somehow.
Beautiful.
Yeah. First year in college.
Yeah it was it's a mess.
This is I still remember when a covid first canceled half of my senior year in high school.
I
promise
now.
The thing is the uh the juniors that we're making fun of us now they're having to go to school with it. Yeah.
more
partial.
Yes. They kept saying you guys are gonna miss your graduation and then uh they got to go to school with it the entire year. Uh huh. Yeah.
Computer science.
I'm hoping to make games myself with it.
So did you go to school for anything or?
Mr
Mhm. Keeping that 80 K saved while you can, jeez sure kind of makes me cry looking how much debt I'm gonna end up having after.
Mhm. They should have conserved. I'm south Alabama. Those that would have been a northern drive for a while.
I normally go to Atlanta a lot because I normally travel for fighting game tournaments but a Covid kind of happened, this
is
uh I play blaze blue grand blue fantasy and den geeky bunco.
normally my group has a meet up at the beginning and end of the year because of tournaments but uh
Co
Covid made that a little bit rough.
helping you can go back to normal within at least two years.
this was uh this was gonna be my first year actually going to add um a new york but uh
yeah let's go Covid.
Yeah I was I was about to uh I was about to go off thanks to high school graduation. Just travel a bit more more
conventions.
spend a lot of money before I can't spend money.
because
chance.
gotta hope that soon.
No.
No. Yeah, it could have if everyone took precautions but uh it is what it is I guess.
What what's the point then?
I hope that's the case
because it yeah, if he just did that and Uh huh.
Just to say
he has a mask on,
that's a good idea now, I'm gonna be thinking about it for a bit.
I'll do enough thinking about it for the both of us for a bit
and then I'll pass it on to some someone else. Yeah.
Uh huh. It's been a while since I've heard Smile dog
making me have a have a few memories right now.
When they were when they were just getting big in every Youtubers doing creepypasta readings,
this project.
And then people would just make money off reading people's battery, be pasta.
Yeah. And then all the X games
always made in gamemaker, they use no other engine.
I don't think they knew unity was free.
Made in gamemaker.
Yeah. Every time you play in the game you see the splash screen that used the default text boxes. Gamemaker had had a different window pop up.
Okay. Mhm. Always the uh always the same walk down the hall to get jump scared.
and then the music would turn off right before the jump scare so you knew it would come, it was never sink with the jump scare so you can prepare yourself.
the creepypasta days for
they were they were something
pure
I remember reading that news story about they almost killed one of three girls. They almost killed one of their friends.
mhm I hope they've been getting help.
Come on.
Oh and then when Hollywood was trying to cash out on it too
and I only watched the Sony one because I heard it was really bad, he
was only in there for a minute and a half of the entire movie
books.
It was named slender and had a minute and a half at most of them
Okay, can't wait to see what they do with the monster Hunter movie.
Yeah. Already uh I've already looked into it a bit and they're uh it's not faithful at all.
Oh thanks netflix
man I can't even like defend that movie at all.
Mhm. I don't think it's possible they just take something and ruin it.
Yeah Well I'll give them the Bleach one was all right I'm not gonna rewatch it though.
yeah I felt they tried to push the live action too hard rather than giving the bleach charm.
Thank
you
and I want to rewatch bleach it's been a minute.
I'm good at avoiding filler. I've I had I had to to catch up to one piece at all.
let's
do
more.
If
it's currently airing I'll like watch your filler now but there's there's no way I'm gonna watch filler on a series I have to catch up to now,
especially
with
I haven't watched it yet.
No,
I have it.
Yeah. Yeah, I've got the blue race for it. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, about
twice a year I'll just buy a bunch of anime blue rays and I caught it on cell so I
had to come.
Yeah. Yeah. Don't get don't get to it someday. I'm bad at going through my to watch list.
I've had I've had mono battery on my watch list for about two years now. I'm bad at going through my watch list.
Yeah, she got him.
Time to hit the shelf.
mm. I need to actually watch more normal movies.
I'll always just I'll always just open netflix and scroll and then not watch anything,
Yeah, I started just randomly putting on johnny test fall shows.
Why not?
That's the next show I'm gonna start randomly putting on now.
He was so fun
trying to think of other uh yeah not really older cartoon network shows. Mid age. They had a they had a they had a collection of good ones. I'm forgetting the names though.
Billion Mandy
was
great.
flapjack I enjoyed and uh when they ran the MMO Fusion Fall, anything that was in that was pretty good.
good.
Yeah and then now they're trying to go back to cartoons but they're just trying to reboot all the old shows and uh not really working.
Okay just just make some new shows don't reboot all of them.
Yeah remember there was supposed to be a new kids next door but they that was right before they were doing the live action stuff so I just told him no.
the way they the way they just got rid of a lot of old shows
just
hurt.
I don't I don't remember how long the live action Cartoon Network thing lasted because I don't think it did very well
because I know they just kept airing the diary of a Wimpy kid movie over and over.
I had like I had fun with the movies on my first three watches. But uh
it's
when you can start quoting the entire movie as they say their lives. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Like you'll be able to watch them every so often now, but not if they air them every day.
Okay now it's something you just put on if you want to have a quick watch.
Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah.
mm. Mhm. What happens in 25 minutes?
different,
I don't need to watch the movie, I can just ask you.
All of the harry potter movies kind of blended together for me. I don't know what's part of which movie now?
Yeah, I just know fancy wizard lightning effects happen
quick
and they get more and more dramatic. Each movie
at the end of it. Harry dies or something and then comes back to my old aboard.
Yeah. Right. Uh I think I I think I read the books too and those blended together to
thank you.
The more, the more I think about it, the more I realize she's not an amazing writer.
Twitter
is a while.
Yeah. Mhm. Did you see where he said if he doesn't win this election, he's going to leave the country. Hm
This year.
Yeah. Don't don't threaten me with a good time trump.
See
you later.
I will
buy your plane ticket.
See
you later.
Now
he's saying he'll leave.
I'm down 100%.
Yeah sure. Okay. Yeah. Yes I'll support it.
Two.
What? Right what you gonna do? Move the white house to a different island?
Is either going to Canada or it's going to a private island.
He's gonna make an island in Canada.
Sure every time I think of trump I cry. Yeah.
And and then when he uh when Covid was first a major issue when he was like a sunlight inject bleach.
Kick.
Yeah. My worry with all of this is now that now that he's better. He's going to say it's not serious.
I'm it took he recovered in three days so I don't I don't believe he had it
but at
this but at the same time everyone around him started testing positive and they didn't recover in three days so I'm pretty sure he just walked out and started giving more people covid.
I don't think he understands that he is the president so he uh he has better health care than everybody else so he feels better because of steroids. Yeah.
Well
it
I'm
registered. I'm voting.
exactly. Can I cannot vote or waste the vote? You have to make, you have to have to make sure he's not getting reelected. Yeah.
even if it's uh even if it's between two people you really don't like uh the first four years is basically going to be the other person always revoking the other person's terms, so not like they can do much anyways. I'm just scared that if trump gets back in, he's essentially going to have free reign. He's not going to have to get rid of any more Obama terms or anything. It's all is.
Mhm. Especially because any world conferences don't want them there anymore. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
enjoy talking to you too.
Thank you Youtube.